CNN  -- The Sri Lankan government said Thursday it has made more inroads into the remaining territory held by ethnic Tamil Tiger rebels after troops seized their command center in the north of the country . Sri Lankan workers bury the bodies of some 38 suspected Tamil Tiger rebels killed in recent fighting . The defense ministry 's announcement , also reported by the country 's Lankapuvath national news agency , could not be independently verified . Military jets pounded the rebel 's "  transit camp " in the district of Mullaittivu Wednesday evening , the agency said . The defense ministry said rebels were firing at and killing civilians who were trying to flee the fighting . "  In the face of humiliating defeat , LTTE terrorists are tailoring a civilian tragedy , " it said on its Web site . The LTTE , or the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , are commonly known as the Tamil Tigers . They have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's Tamil minority since 1983 in a civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The re-capture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea .	Sri Lanka news agency says government jets bombarded rebel transit camp Defense ministry says rebels killing civilians Reported capture is latest in a series of claimed government successes
CNN  -- Exactly 10 years ago Wednesday , the first batch of terrorist suspects seized in Pakistan and Afghanistan arrived at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , on board a C-141 transport plane . From freezing nights in the depths of the Afghan winter , the 20 detainees stepped into a tropical breeze looking dazed and bedraggled . As more arrived over the next weeks , then-U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld described them as the "  the worst of the worst . " And a few weeks after GTMO  as it quickly became known  opened its doors , President George W. Bush said the detainees were not entitled to the protection of the Geneva Conventions -- because they were not part of a regular army . Guantanamo 's population grew rapidly to a maximum of 680 the following year , and expanded beyond "  Camp X-Ray " to other blocks . In those early days , Human Rights Watch says , detainees were subject to "  painful stress positions , extended solitary confinement , threatening military dogs , threats of torture and death " and other abuses . The Bush administration , while insisting enhanced interrogation techniques did not amount to torture , contended that exceptional methods were legitimate in the face of an ongoing threat from terrorism . Over the past decade , the very word Guantanamo has become a touchstone in the debate over how democracy can protect itself from terror while not denying access to justice . It has also become a byword for political point-scoring and the subject of bitter argument in federal court over the principle of habeas corpus . It has found its way into popular culture , featured in Michael Moore 's film "  Sicko " and a Patti Smith song . Administrative reviews of detainees obtained and published by WikiLeaks indicated that in many cases interrogators knew little about those first groups of detainees . The evidence against them was often anecdotal and anonymous , and in April 2003 Rumsfeld complained that the military was "  populating Guantanamo Bay with low-level enemy combatants . " Many detainees have been released or transferred to third countries over the past decade . But it has often been difficult for the United States to find governments willing to take them . In 2009 , four Uighirs from western China , who maintained they had fled to Afghanistan to escape persecution by Beijing , were suddenly transferred to Bermuda . Another 13 ended up on the Pacific Island of Palau , and yet another is now a pizza cook in Albania . But some of that first batch to arrive at Guantanamo are among the 171 prisoners held to this day . Several high-value detainees are likely to face trial by revamped military commissions . In addition , 46 are deemed too dangerous to be released -- but too difficult to prosecute , in either a military or civilian court . Another 89 have been cleared for release by multiple federal agencies , but they remain in limbo .  The last detainee to leave Guantanamo was a 50-year-old Algerian , exactly one year ago . On New Year 's Eve , President Barack Obama signed into law new provisions that bar the transfer of detainees currently held into the United States . for trial . The law also extends restrictions on the transfer of detainees to home or third countries -- including those cleared for release by the administration . And it reaffirms the executive 's authority to detain anyone determined to be a member of al Qaeda , the Taliban or associated forces "  without trial until the end of hostilities . " Apparently without irony , the remaining detainees are offered classes in "  time management . " Attitudes have hardened in part because a significant minority of GTMO detainees who were released or transferred -- perhaps as many as 25 % -- have returned to jihad . Some are now senior figures in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The prevailing climate is a far cry from the executive order Obama signed two days after taking office that pledged to close Guantanamo by January 2010 , as he declared that the "  existence of Guantanamo Bay likely created more terrorists around the world than it detained . " Human rights groups have consistently criticized Guantanamo 's very existence , the mistreatment of detainees and their lack of access to legal recourse . Attorneys specializing in human rights issues have devoted thousands of hours to petitions in federal court to win the release of detainees . But the Court of Appeals in Washington , D.C. , has invariably ruled in the government 's favor . The latest case reached the U.S. Supreme Court this week . Some on the political right argue that by their actions , detainees have forfeited their right to legal protections . In 2008 , Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska mocked Obama 's promise to close the prison . "  Al Qaeda terrorists still plot to inflict catastrophic harm on America and he 's worried that someone wo n't read them their rights , " she said . Mitt Romney 's view at the time was that "  Guantanamo is a symbol of our resolve . It 's also just frankly smart to keep these people not on our soil and not to have them having access to our legal system . " And Sen. Lindsey Graham  R-South Carolina  said last year of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed : "  We 're at war . ... He did not rob a liquor store , he attacked our country . " Not all Republicans agree with such an approach . In 2008 , Sen. John McCain  R-Arizona  suggested bringing all the GTMO inmates to military tribunals at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas . Still , a 2010 CNN poll found that 60 % of Americans favor keeping the prison open . Unable to fulfill his election pledge to close Guantanamo , Obama explored the option of trying more accused terrorists in federal court , only to run into a political firestorm . A plan announced in 2009 to try Mohammed in federal court in New York was dropped after complaints about cost and security . Mohammed and four others accused of some role in the 9/11 the attacks will now face military tribunals at Guantanamo , but have yet to be formally arraigned . The American Civil Liberties Union has opposed the tribunals , saying they "  are sure to be subject to continuous legal challenges and delays , and their outcomes will not be seen as legitimate . That is not justice . " Saudi-born Abd Al-Rahim Al-Nashiri , a suspect in the USS Cole bombing , is the first detainee to face one of the new military commissions , but his trial wo n't begin until late this year -- and the prosecutor in the case has said there is no guarantee he would be released even if acquitted . Al-Nashiri 's case is emblematic of much of the controversy swirling around Guantanamo . The CIA inspector-general found in 2004 that he was water-boarded and had a power-drill revved close to his head while being interrogated in 2002 at a "  black site " in Thailand , which may complicate the task of prosecuting him . The new commissions prohibit admission of evidence obtained by cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment . According to human rights groups , the fate of the prisoners left at Guantanamo is only a small part of a more troubling picture , with nearly 3,000 alleged enemy combatants held without trial in Afghanistan . More than a third of them , including "  high-value " Taliban , are held in a detention facility at the Bagram Air Base , dubbed "  the new Guantanamo " by human rights lawyers . The Afghan government is now demanding it take over the prison , saying detainees have alleged torture , strip searches and freezing conditions  though these appear to have occurred in the part of the prison already under Afghan control  . Under international law , the United States can not hand over any detainees likely to suffer torture , and the United Nations reported last year that detainees in Afghan custody are routinely subject to such treatment . As the allied military presence in Afghanistan winds down , the fate of the detainees at Bagram seems certain to grow in importance , especially if no political solution that includes the Taliban is reached . The fate of the nearly 200 prisoners still held in a corner of the Caribbean may exercise some of the best legal minds in America and produce reams of paper from human rights organizations . The future of thousands more in the unforgiving mountains of the Hindu Kush may have a greater bearing on America 's future security .	171 prisoners are now held at Guantanamo , including some from the first batch 10 years ago Many detainees have been released or transferred to third countries over the past decade "  Gitmo " has been a focal point of debates about habeas corpus and alleged abuse Human rights lawyers dub a detention facility in Afghanistan "  the new Guantanamo "
CNN  -- British singer Cliff Richard has denied an underage sex allegation dating from the 1980s as "  completely false . " South Yorkshire police searched Richard 's home in Sunningdale , Berkshire , on Thursday as part of an investigation into the alleged offense . "  A search warrant was granted after police received an allegation of a sexual nature dating back to the 1980s involving a boy who was under the age of 16 at the time , " police said in a statement . Thames Valley police confirmed it had assisted South Yorkshire police in the execution of the search warrant . Richard , 73 , issued a statement denying the allegation . "  For many months I have been aware of allegations against me of historic impropriety which have been circulating online , " he said . "  Up until now I have chosen not to dignify the false allegations with a response , as it would just give them more oxygen . " The singer said that he was not presently in the United Kingdom and that police had given no notice of its search "  except it would appear to the press , " but that he would cooperate fully with its inquiry . "  Beyond stating that today 's allegation is completely false it would not be appropriate to say anything further until the police investigation has concluded , " Richard said . Richard -- born Harry Rodger Webb -- has sold more than 250 million records in a career that began in the 1950s . His first No. 1 hit in the UK was in 1959 with "  Living Doll . " Richard was knighted in 1995 . ` Sons of Guns ' reality star arrested , accused of child molestation	Police search home of British singer Cliff Richard They said they were investigating a sex allegation from the 1980s involving a boy Richard issues a statement denying the allegation as "  completely false " The singer said he would cooperate fully with the police
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan government said Sunday that ruler Moammar Gadhafi 's son and three of his grandchildren died in a NATO airstrike that the longtime strongman and his wife survived . Gadhafi and his wife were in their son 's house when it was targeted , but they are in good health , government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told journalists . But the son , Saif al-Arab Gadhafi , and three of his children were killed , Ibrahim said . The Libyan government vowed to retaliate with death to "  invaders " in the nation , and empty Western embassies were vandalized on Sunday , U.S. and Italian officials said . But CNN could not independently confirm the reported fatalities , and a spokesman for anti-Gadhafi rebels cast doubt on the claim even as it provoked celebratory gunfire in rebel-held Benghazi . Ibrahim slammed NATO after the airstrike , calling the attack an illegal act and a "  war crime . " He said the 29-year-old son killed was a student in Germany , the sixth of eight children . The strike destroyed the house in Tripoli , leaving a massive crater . Saif al-Arab Gadhafi is one of two sons of the Libyan leader whose names begin with Saif . Another son -- Saif al-Islam Gadhafi -- had previously touted reform , but has emerged as one of his father 's most visible defenders in recent months . The commander of the NATO operation , Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , said NATO was aware of "  unconfirmed media reports " that members of Gadhafi 's family had been killed in an airstrike . "  We regret all loss of life , especially the innocent civilians being harmed as a result of this ongoing conflict , " said Bouchard , a Canadian air force general . But he said all targets "  are military in nature and have been clearly linked to the Gadhafi regime 's systemic attacks on the Libyan population ... We do not target individuals . " But Russia , which has criticized the allied campaign , said it had "  serious doubts " about NATO 's assertion that it is not targeting Gadhafi and his family . "  The disproportional use of force , all the more so , beyond the mandate of U.N. Security Council Resolution No. 1973 , which in no way stipulates the replacement of the Libyan leadership , is leading to harmful consequences and the death of civilians , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried by the official RIA Novosti news agency . "  We are again calling for strict compliance with the provisions of the decisions made by the international community on the Libyan conflict , for an immediate cease-fire and the start of a political settlement without any preconditions . " The airstrikes started March 19 , after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing the use of force to protect civilians demanding the ouster of the ruler , who has been in power for nearly 42 years . A senior official in President Barack Obama 's administration said the U.S. government is "  very aware " of the reports of Gadhafi 's son 's death , but can not confirm who , if anyone , died in a strike until they see the evidence . Gunfire broke out around Tripoli after the news came out . A crowd of demonstrators gathered around the ruler 's compound . Images on Libyan state TV showed what appeared to be dozens of people chanting and waving flags . Protesters could be heard yelling , "  We want to redeem the martyr , " and , "  Oh youth , this is time for jihad . " They were joined at one point by Ibrahim , who told the demonstrators , "  Every one of you are Saif al-Arab . " "  We will make Libya the grave of all invaders , " he told the crowd . A spokesman for the Libyan opposition doubted the report of the death . "  In all honesty , we never heard of Saif al-Arab until the start of the uprising , " said Hafiz Ghoga , deputy chairman of the Transitional National Council in Benghazi . "  We do n't believe this is true , " Ghoga said . "  It is all fabrications by the regime in a desperate attempt to get sympathy . ... This regime constantly lies and keeps lying . " Despite skepticism by some rebels , some opposition members celebrated the report of Saif al-Arab 's death in the streets of Benghazi . Revelers danced and sang overnight as the sound of celebratory gunfire pierced through the air . "  By God , we 're not supposed to rejoice anyone 's death , " one man told CNN . "  But we want him to feel the pain and sorrow that we 're going through with our own people he killed . " Many of the reported civilian deaths have come out of the western city of Misrata . On Sunday , a witness there described especially intense shelling by government forces in the country 's third-largest city and speculated that the intensified attacks were tied directly to reports of the death of Gadhafi 's son . This is not the first time the ruler has reportedly been at the site of an airstrike that killed one of his children . In April 1986 , his adopted daughter , Hanna Gadhafi , was killed when U.S. forces launched an airstrike that targeted his residential compound . At the time , U.S. President Ronald Reagan said the strikes were an act of self-defense following the bombing of a West Berlin , Germany , club that killed two American servicemen and injured several others . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Kareem Khadder , Saad Abedine and Phil Gast and contributed to this report .	NEW : Empty Western embassies are vandalized after Gadhafi 's son is reported dead NEW : Russia says it has "  serious doubts " about NATO 's targeting A NATO airstrike also killed 3 Gadhafi grandchildren , the Libyan government says The government vows to "  make Libya the grave of all invaders "
CNN  Fox and the TV Academy 's choice for this year 's Emmy host is Andy Samberg . The actor and comedian , star of the network 's "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine , " will emcee the live awards show on Sept. 20 -- marking his first time hosting a major television event . "  Buckle your seat belts , Emmy viewers ! , " said Samberg in a statement . "  Like , in general you should buckle your seat belts in your car . In fact , even if you 're not an Emmy viewer , you should buckle your seat belt . It can be dangerous on the road . Also , if you 're not an Emmy viewer , you should strongly consider becoming one this year , because I 'm hosting , and it 's gon na be a wild ride . So buckle your seat belts . " Read More : Emmy Comedy Clarification : TV Academy Says Rule Changes "  Just a Start " Samberg is n't a stranger to award shows . He joined Lonely Island collaborators Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer in a Oscars performance just last month . He also took home a 2014 Golden Globe for his work on "  Brooklyn " and , of course , nabbed an Emmy for himself for writing "  Saturday Night Live " tune "  D -- in a Box . " Read more : The uncensored , epic , never-told story behind ` Mad Men ' "  The moment the Emmy Awards ' host was brought up , we said it had to be Andy , " said Fox Television Group chairmen and CEOs Gary Newman and Dana Walden . "  He is fearless , hilarious , an award-winning comedian , singer , writer and actor with incredible live TV experience . We know he 'll deliver the laughs and give viewers an incredible night they will enjoy . " Getting his start on "  Saturday Night Live , " Samberg becomes the latest alum of the show to move into hosting . NBC had Seth Meyers perform the duties last year , and Tina Fey and Amy Poehler just wrapped their three-year stint hosting the Golden Globes -- to much critical acclaim . Read more : Fox plots "  Empire " Season 2 : Lee Daniels courts Oprah , pushes for less "  opulence " "  It 's wonderfully fitting that we have Andy Samberg , an Emmy Award winner himself , as our host for this year 's Primetime Emmy Awards , " added TV Academy chairman and CEO Bruce Rosenblum , chairman and CEO of the Television Academy . "  Andy has excelled in all aspects of the television universe , both from behind and in front of the camera . His humor , insights and charisma will be an exciting addition to our annual celebration of television 's best and brightest . " Returning to Sunday night , Fox will air the Emmys from Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre L.A. LIVE on Sept. 20 at 8 p.m. E.T. © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Actor , comedian and star of "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " Andy Samberg will host the 2015 Emmys .
This holiday season , I am heading to the only Cuba I 've ever known . To Nochebuena dinner with my cousin 's roast pork , her mother-in-law 's flan , platanos maduros , yucca and a salad . Nochebuena is a Latino celebration of Christmas Eve , and it 's a big night for us . There will be quick-fire Spanish , varying degrees of English and jokes in the way I 've only ever heard my Cuban relatives parry back and forth . Many presents will be opened , and everyone will act like we all got each other the perfect gift . I 'm flying not to Havana but to Miami , where my grandparents and other relatives came years after Fidel Castro took over Cuba , when it became clear there would be no free speech for anyone but him . The stadiums were filling with "  trials " against the enemies of the state , friends were disappearing and my mother , despite her government job , knew her unwillingness to stay quiet while people suffered would get her in trouble . So she went into exile in 1961 , and she 's never been back . Years later my grandparents followed their grown children -- my mother and uncle -- to the United States . When they applied to leave the country , Cuban government officials did an inventory of the contents of their home . Both their home and all of their things would be confiscated by the government on the day they departed . The morning she left , my abuelita was washing the dishes in their apartment before she and my grandfather left for the airport . Suddenly she stopped . "  Let Fidel do the dishes , " she said . I have never seen that apartment . Family traditions When we land Tuesday in Miami , my mother and uncle will meet us at the airport and rush us to Havana Harry 's or some coffee stand where I can get a real Cuban coffee -- none of this Starbucks silliness . There 's a hint of Cuba in the taste . And Cuban and U.S. flags will be everywhere . I do n't care about South Beach or Art Basel or Coconut Grove . Every bit of Cuba I get is gleaned from pictures , music , stories people tell me and these trips to see Miami family , where I get hints of my ancestry in the food and jokes and presents . I soak it up on every visit . I 've never seen the sleepy , agricultural town of Pinar del Rio where my mother was born and lived until her teenage years . I 've never seen where she went to high school after they moved to Havana or the beaches where she swam in the summertime and where one friend dangling his foot over a pier lost it to a shark . I do n't know where she had her first piano recital . When she plays my favorite Cuban music on the piano , all too rarely , for some reason the notes make me cry . Maybe it 's the hints of her life before me . The Christmas heat in Miami must be similar to what they feel in Cuba , only a short flight to the south . I will pack my summer clothes and a bathing suit for my daughter . Around midday on Christmas Eve some of us will head to El Palacio de Los Jugos for lunch and Cuban sandwiches . I will get my favorite Materva soda , too sweet for me now but still worth the memory . My cousin , whose Nochebuena pork would make Martha Stewart cry , likes to tease us to not to fill up at lunch . But we will be fine . Dinner wo n't be until much later -- our family is always late -- and we all want her cooking . Filling in the gaps My definition of beauty is n't blond hair or blue eyes or any classic American stereotype . It 's my black-haired Cuban cousins , who look so refined and elegant . They hug me , the baby of my generation and the half-American with the brown hair , so hard . They remind me to come back . To Miami , not to Cuba . I 've only seen pictures of the tobacco trucks . My mother was taught to drive by the drivers at the tobacco trucking company where my grandfather worked , and it 's why she still drives a car like she means business . Another hint of Cuba on those long road trips . I welcome the news of thawing American relations with Cuba and easing of travel restrictions . But I am tired of the ads for religious charity trips to Cuba and all-inclusive beach resorts where tourists get pampered while my people , once removed , depend on charity for the most basic medical supplies . I am tired of the reasons for the sadness in my older relatives ' eyes . I do n't want to hear any more stereotypes about who my people are or tourists talking about going to visit Cuba "  before it changes . " As Miriam Zoila Perez has written , I do n't want to hear about your Cuban vacation . I simply want to buy a plane ticket and go there myself . I want to go to my mother 's hometown and see where she was born without crying the entire trip . I want to put those hints together , fill in the gaps and see for the first time , where I am from .	CNN 's Katia Hetter has Cuban ancestry but has never visited Cuba She will celebrate Christmas with her Cuban-American relatives in Miami Hetter : I want to visit my mother 's Cuban hometown
CNN  The listeria outbreak that prompted Blue Bell Creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010 , according to the Centers for Disease Control . After weeks of gradual recalls , the company recalled all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes , the company said Monday . The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the elderly and others with weak immune systems . The CDC recommends consumers do not eat any Blue Bell brand products . Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell products , the CDC said Tuesday . One person became sick in Arizona , five in Kansas , one in Oklahoma and three in Texas , the CDC said . People first became sick in January 2010 , the CDC said . The agency connected patients from 2010-2015 to the current outbreak through comparisons to a database of bacteria DNA . The origin of the strain is still unknown , but "  the fact that it was the same strain over the last five years suggests it could have lurked somewhere in the factory the whole time , " said Dr. Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC Division of Foodborne , Waterborne and Environmental Diseases . Tauxe said there may be more people sickened by listeria than the CDC knows about . The "  rough estimate " is one more case exists for every case the CDC hears about , he said . "  There may be cases that never got diagnosed and we are looking at the patterns , the DNA patterns , to guide us to which cases might be related , " he said . "  If tomorrow someone found another completely different pattern from  Blue Bell  ice cream products , we 'd be looking to see if there were related cases to that as well . " Tauxe said the listeria strains found in Texas are different than those found in Oklahoma . "  It looks to us like there was one group of closely related strains related to ice cream from one factory and another different group related to a different factory , " Tauxe said . "  We do n't think something contaminated both factories . " Blue Bell decided to yank all its products after tests showed some half-gallon containers of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream contained listeria . "  This means Blue Bell has now had several positive tests for Listeria in different places and plants , " the company said in a written statement . "  At this point , we can not say with certainty how Listeria was introduced to our facilities , and so we have taken this unprecedented step , " the company said . Listeria : What is it , how do you get it , and what 's the risk ? Listeria did n't get into ice cream through the milk because Blue Bell uses pasteurized milk , Caroline Smith DeWaal , director of food safety for Center for Science in the Public Interest , told CNN on Tuesday . But listeria could have been carried on foods like nuts that go into ice cream , she said . It can live for years on surfaces such as drains or pipes . "  Listeria can lay in a drain for years , " she said . "  To get rid of it they 'd have to take the equipment apart and clean it . It 's a big job to control listeria in a plant . " Tauxe said , "  Within the factories it can get around and may have hung out and appeared in more than one place in the factory . ... The persistence of listeria inside the factory is what 's important to address . " DeWaal said the listeria probably was n't linked to Blue Bell in 2010 because one case would n't spark a full investigation . Other culprits , such as cheeses and deli meats , would be considered before ice cream products , because listeria ca n't grow in frozen temperatures , she said . "  Ice cream would n't have been one of the suspect foods in investigating those earlier cases , " she said . The Kansas Department of Health and Environment said three people in the state died from listeria there over the past year , possibly due to Blue Bell products . All five of the people who got sick in Kansas were patients being treated at the same hospital for unrelated causes , state health officials said . Four of them drank milkshakes at the hospital made with Blue Bell ice cream , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . It 's not clear whether the fifth patient at the Kansas hospital had also consumed Blue Bell ice cream . In a separate outbreak in Texas , three patients were infected with listeria between 2011 and 2014 . Tests of those listeria strains "  were nearly identical to Listeria strains isolated from ice cream produced at the Blue Bell Creameries ' Oklahoma facility , " the CDC said . In March , Blue Bell recalled 3-ounce cups of chocolate , vanilla and strawberry ice cream after a test found listeria in one of the cups in Kansas . Earlier this month , the recall expanded to some pints and half-gallon sizes of ice cream . This recall is not only affecting big chain grocery stores . One small ice cream shop in Texas has temporarily closed due to the recall . John Hayes , owner of Waffle Cone in Copperas Cove , Texas , said he exclusively uses Blue Bell . He received a phone call Monday night from Blue Bell letting him know a local driver will be picking up his 190-200 gallons of recalled ice cream this week . "  It is the third recall in the last month , " said Hayes . "  I was upset , but more disappointed . " The shop owner has dealt with a shortage in flavors before , but nothing of his severity . "  It will be at least three , maybe four weeks for Blue Bell to replace the order , " he said . Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people and others with weakened immune systems , the Food and Drug Administration says . In the United States , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill with listeria each year ; about 16 % of these cases result in death . Although some people might suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths . Blue Bell CEO and President Paul Kruse promised to make sure all products are safe before they go back on sale . "  We 're committed to doing the 100 percent right thing , and the best way to do that is to take all of our products off the market until we can be confident that they are all safe , " Kruse said in a statement on the company 's website . "  We are heartbroken about this situation and apologize to all of our loyal Blue Bell fans and customers . " Blue Bell said its new safety measures will include more extensive cleaning and sanitizing of equipment ; increasing the swabbing and testing of facility surfaces by 800 % ; providing more employee training ; and sending samples to a lab for testing every day . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Debra Goldschmidt , Amanda Jackson , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ben Brumfield and Jeremy Grisham contributed to this report .	NEW This is a multistate outbreak "  occurring over several years , " the CDC says CDC says 3 people died from bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell "  We are heartbroken about this situation , " Blue Bell CEO and president says
CNN  What ? Not enough snow , ice and cold for you ? You say you STILL need some "  Frozen " references in your life ? Well , this ought to quench that need for freeze : Ice has suddenly blossomed across the Great Lakes , with the ice pack nearly doubling in just a little more than a week . The lakes are now more than 85 % iced over , according to the Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory , with Lake Erie leading the way at more than 98 % . For the first time in  not quite  forever , Niagara Falls looks pretty much frozen , too . And here 's the thing ... people are going there ! And not in a "  Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un is going , so we better go and smile , too " way . These folks are going voluntarily . Niagara Falls has been doing steady business in recent days , CNN affiliate WKBW reported . "  I have n't seen it like this in a long , long time , " one visitor , Maryann McCleary , told the station . Some tourists had come from as far away as Alabama and even from overseas , the station said . Niagara Falls is n't exactly frozen over ; water is still flowing underneath the ice . It 's not uncommon for parts of the falls to ice over in winter . The only recorded time the water flow stopped completely was in 1848 , thanks to an ice jam upriver . Icy conditions are also par for the course in the Great Lakes . The current 85 % coverage is n't a record ; that would be 1979 's 94.7 % , according to the Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory . Last year 's 92.5 % peak was No. 2 , the agency says . But there 's still time for this year to contend for the record . The National Weather Service says extremely cold arctic air will allow for expansion of the ice coverage in the coming days . Queen Elsa , and her pint-sized fans , would be pleased . 115 million people are shivering CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz , Jareen Imam and special to CNN Amanda Jackson contributed to this story .	Ice has suddenly blossomed across the Great Lakes , putting a record in reach Niagara Falls looks iced over as well , drawing even more tourists to the site
U.S. fighter jets and drones repeatedly bombed Sunni Islamic extremists in northern Iraq on Friday , targeting what officials described as ISIS artillery units and convoys advancing on the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . The airstrikes ramped up America 's involvement in Iraq where ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is seizing control of towns and key infrastructure in an advance that has forced hundreds of thousands to run for their lives . The critical Mosul Dam is now in the hands of ISIS fighters , authorities said , while 150 hundred miles to the east tens of thousands of Iraq 's minority Yazidis were trapped on a mountain by ISIS fighters below who vowed to kill them . News of the second round of U.S. airstrikes came just after the governor of Irbil told CNN that ISIS may be as close as 30 kilometers  just over 18 miles  from the city of more than a million people . The airstrikes began just hours after President Barack Obama authorized "  targeted airstrikes , " saying in a televised address late Thursday that the United States had an obligation to protect its personnel in Iraq and prevent a potential genocide of minority groups by ISIS . Obama said there will be no buildup of U.S. combat troops in Iraq . "  As commander in chief , I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq , " the President said . Hitting ISIS Two U.S. F/A 18 fighters first struck an ISIS artillery unit outside of Irbil , dropping two 500-pound laser-guided bombs at about 6:45 a.m. ET Friday , Pentagon spokesman Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby said . Later , a drone targeted an ISIS mortar position , Kirby said . When ISIS fighters returned to the site a short time later , the drone struck the target again , he said . That was followed a short time later by a second round of airstrikes , carried out by four U.S. fighter jets , that targeted an ISIS convoy of seven vehicles and another mortar position , Kirby said . The F/A 18s made two passes , dropping a total of eight laser-guided bombs , he said . Before the ISIS onslaught , the region had been the most stable in Iraq and a cooperative ally of the United States . U.S. military advisers and consular personnel are stationed in Irbil . At this point , the United States has hundreds of military personnel in Iraq , including advisers sent in recent weeks to coordinate with Iraqi and Kurdish military officials in response to the ISIS rampage . The USS George H.W. Bush and other Navy ships also are in the region , and the FA/18s in Friday 's initial strike came from the aircraft carrier , officials said . Airstrikes are "  very important " because ISIS fighters are well-armed and are outgunning the Kurdish forces , thanks to the weapons the militants seized from the Iraqi military in Mosul , Irbil Gov. Nawzad Hadi said . Map : Where is ISIS ? Even as the airstrikes were under way , there was news that ISIS militants captured Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , just north of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . According to a senior Kurdish official , the militant fighters have been using U.S.-made weapons seized during fighting from the Iraqi army , including M1 Abrams tanks . There had been conflicting reports about who controlled the dam on the Tigris River , with heavy fighting under way between ISIS fighters and Kurdish forces , known as peshmerga . U.S. officials have warned that a failure of the dam would be catastrophic , resulting in flooding all the way to Baghdad . In other fighting , an Iraqi airstrike killed 45 ISIS fighters and injured 60 Friday in the northern town of Sinjar , the country 's state-run National Media Center said . Sinjar is the town that ISIS overran last weekend , forcing tens of thousands of Yazidis to flee into surrounding mountains without food , water or shelter and prompting concerns of a potential genocide . The Yazidis are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . U.S. flights prohibited In other signs of a growing regional conflict : The Federal Aviation Administration issued a notice prohibiting U.S. airlines from flying through Iraqi airspace "  due to the hazardous situation created by the armed conflict . " The developments showed that the lightning advance by ISIS fighters across northern Iraq this year has become a battle for the nation 's future and overall stability in a part of the world wracked for decades by periodic war . U.S. warplanes patrolling the skies over northern Iraq have a "  green light " to go after perceived ISIS threats to the Kurdish capital , Irbil , or to minority populations , said deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes . Airstrikes are also possible to help Kurdish forces end the siege by ISIS in the northern Iraqi mountains , where tens of thousands of Yazidis have sought refuge , Earnest , the White House spokesman , said Friday . ISIS fighters have surrounded the Yazidis on the ground below . "  If there can be American military might that can tip  the  balance , we 'll look for an opportunity to do that , " Earnest said . Kurdish pleas In announcing his airstrike decision Thursday night , Obama said the militants would get hit "  should they move towards the city . " Kurdish leaders have been pleading for the United States or NATO to buttress their forces against ISIS from the air . The President seems to have heard their appeal . "  We do whatever is necessary to protect our people , " Obama said , adding , "  We support our allies when they 're in danger . " Before Obama announced the airstrikes , two U.S. military cargo planes airdropped 5,300 gallons of water and 8,000 meals onto Mount Sinjar , where some Yazidi children had died from dehydration . According to a U.S. official , a Predator drone flying overhead indicates the Yazidis have 63 of the 72 pallets dropped with aid supplies . It 's not clear if the other pallets missed the drop zone or are in ISIS hands . Late Friday , the Defense Department announced that U.S. military planes made another airdrop of food and water for Iraqi citizens stranded on Mount Sinjar . The British government said Friday it would support the U.S. humanitarian effort and planned airdrops of its own . French President François Hollande joined the growing chorus of condemnation of the ISIS attacks and called on the international community to respond . "  France is ready to take its part , " Hollande said in a statement from his office that called for the European Union "  to take an active role very quickly " and put in place all the necessary assistance to respond to the crisis . Meanwhile , the United Nations in Iraq was "  urgently preparing a humanitarian corridor to allow those in need to flee the areas under threat , " said Nickolay Mladenov , the special representative to the U.N. secretary-general . He welcomed the "  cooperation between the Government of Iraq , the Kurdistan Regional Government  KRG  and the international community to help prevent genocide and fight terrorism , " according to a U.N. statement . Iraqi Foreign MInister Hoshyar Zebari told reporters Friday from Irbil that his government is working with the KRG -- including supplying the Kurdish peshmerga with ammunition and military helicopters . This has n't always been the case "  because of political issues , " the KRG 's official website notes . Yet the same site reported that Zebari said "  it is now clear that the peshmerga and the Iraqi security forces are fighting together against a common enemy . " Beheadings ISIS has executed people who do n't share their fanatical interpretation of Sunni Islam and posted videos of their killings to the Internet . "  Convert to Islam or die " is the militants ' ultimatum to those captured . They also have beheaded victims and placed their heads on spikes to strike terror in the population , a senior administration official said . Already , the Obama administration is rapidly funneling weapons to Iraqi forces . Factories are operating seven days a week to produce them , a senior administration official said . The administration has pushed for Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated regime to be replaced by an ethnically more inclusive government But two Republican senators said in a statement that the President 's actions do not go far enough . And the United States should not wait on Iraq to pull together before Washington takes action . Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina want to see U.S. forces take the fight to ISIS . "  It should include U.S. airstrikes against ISIS leaders , forces , and positions both in Iraq and Syria , " their statement read . Who will stop ISIS ? ISIS takes Iraq 's largest Christian city	U.S. makes another drop of food and water to Iraqis stranded on mountain Fighter jets and drones targeted an ISIS mortar position and a convoy , Pentagon says The warplanes targeted an ISIS convoy near Irbil , the Pentagon says ISIS militants capture dam north of Mosul , Kurdish official says
Rock icon Neil Young and the Canadian government do n't see eye to eye on the country 's oil sands energy projects and they most definitely have different views on how rock stars live . Young , who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 , began a four-stop concert tour this week to support the efforts of First Nations indigenous groups to stop the mining of the oil sands , a process in which the heavy crude is extracted from the sand , minerals and water with which it is mixed . Young says the mining damages the environment and the Canadian government is not honoring treaty obligations with First Nations groups in allowing it , according to CBC News reports . The government says the mining benefits Canada 's economy and standard of living . "  The resource sector creates economic opportunities , and employs tens of thousands of Canadians in high wage jobs , contributing to a standard of living that is envied around the world , and helping to fund the programs and services Canadians rely on , " Jason MacDonald , a spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper , said Monday , according to a CBC report . "  Even the lifestyle of a rock star relies , to some degree , on the resources developed by thousands of hard-working Canadians every day , " MacDonald continued . And that 's where Young begs to differ . "  Rock stars do n't need oil , " Young replied in a statement , according to the CBC . "  I drove my electric car from California to the Tar sands and on to Washington DC without using any oil at all and I 'm a rock star . My car 's generator runs on biomass , one of several future fuels Canada should be developing . " There 's evidence to back up Young on that point . In a blog post dated September 3 , he talks about driving his "  Lincvolt , " a modified 1959 Lincoln Continental , on a trip from San Francisco to Alberta . "  On my recent trip to Fort Mac in Alberta , I drove Lincvolt about 1800 miles from San Francisco running on Cellulosic Ethanol fuel . I have chosen to use Ethanol , a much cleaner fuel created from plants nourished by the sun and rain and grown by farmers rather than run on gasoline , " Young 's blog post said . It does go on to point out that on the way out of Alberta , Young ran out of the ethanol fuel for the Lincvolt and could n't find any in Canada . No word on how he got the car back on the road . Let 's hope it did n't require a tow truck because , then , a rock star would need oil . Maybe .	Young is on a concert tour to protest oil sands projects The Canadian prime minister 's spokesman says even rock stars need oil Young says he does n't need it for his "  Lincvolt " modified Lincoln
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presented a united stance with Haitian President Rene Preval during her visit Saturday to the quake-battered capital . Clinton , the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the country since Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake , sought to assure the Haitian people that the United States is working with the government "  to assist in every way we can . " "  We are here at the invitation of your government to help you , " she said . "  As President Obama has said , we will be here today , tomorrow and for the time ahead . " Clinton said she and Preval will issue a joint communique Sunday "  setting forth our intention to cooperate together . " Clinton arrived in Haiti via a U.S. Coast Guard plane Saturday afternoon and immediately went into meetings with Preval , Rajiv Shah , the director of the U.S. Agency for International Development , and other U.S. officials already on the ground . Get the latest developments in Haiti "  We had a very good meeting about all of the priorities of the Haitian government and the Haitian people , " Clinton said after a brief news conference following the meetings . She said air efforts are focused on providing water , food and medical help . She also stressed the importance of restoring the country 's communications networks , electricity and transportation . "  We agreed that we will be coordinating closely together to achieve these goals . " In an interview with CNN 's Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta , Clinton said "  every day we are making progress and I expect that to continue . " In addition to the immediate needs , Clinton said the focus will switch next week to long-term recovery and reconstruction , telling Gupta she believed that Haiti , with the help of the international community , could be a better place than it was before Tuesday 's quake . The U.S. Coast Guard plane she arrived on was carrying 100 cases of water , 100 cases of meals-ready-to-eat , and food and toiletries for about 140 U.S. Embassy staff members . Fifty Americans , who have been waiting to be evacuated , will fly back to the United States when Clinton departs . Clinton landed hours after President Obama announced Saturday that former Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush have agreed to lead an effort to raise funds for Haiti . Frustrations continued to mount in the earthquake-pummeled country as survivors remained in dire need of food , water and medical aid . One medical official warned that a third of the patients at a makeshift hospital -- one of many being erected in open fields , abandoned stadiums and empty warehouses around the capital -- were in need of immediate surgery , and could die without it . "  They will die of infections , they 'll die of dead tissue , they 'll die of malnutrition and metabolic derangements , " Dr. Jennifer Furin with the Harvard Medical School said of the roughly 300 patients at the hospital on a U.N. compound near Port-au-Prince 's airport . Elsewhere , a food drop by U.S. helicopters in Port-au-Prince became a chaotic scene as hundreds of Haitians without food and water for four days rushed the boxes of aid being shoved out of the open doors . A similar scene erupted Friday when a food convoy with the World Food Programme was forced to leave an area after men in the crowd starting pushing and shoving their way to the trucks . Impact Your World Amid the chaos , there were signs of progress : more aid distribution sites and hospitals , a system for identifying the dead and even more survivors rescued from the ruins of buildings . U.S. troops handed out about 2,500 meals in Petionville on Saturday and 14 aid distribution points had been established . The Israel Defense Forces began operating a field hospital at an abandoned soccer field , and the U.S. Naval Hospital Ship Comfort , staffed by a crew of 64 and 560 hospital personnel , left the Baltimore Harbor on a trip that will take about five days . Increasingly , Haitians were seen helping Haitians . One local church was able to scrounge up some potato chips , bottled water and juice to hand out . Local authorities were seen setting up a makeshift clinic on a street corner in Port-au-Prince with one doctor and a couple of tables and folding chairs . U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Edmond Mulet said common grave sites were being created for the thousands of victims , calling mass graves discovered by CNN crews Friday "  not very dignified . " He said the dead will be photographed in hopes of providing identification for families . While there has not been an official count of the dead , Mulet said the number of casualties in the capital , which has a population of 3 million , ranges from 100,000 to 150,000 . He said Friday 13,000 bodies had been recovered so far . The State Department has put the American death toll at 15 so far . U.S. officials said search and rescue operations will continue through the weekend . As of Saturday afternoon , 22 people had been rescued since Tuesday from collapsed buildings by U.S. urban search and rescue teams . At least one man was pulled from the rubble on Saturday and other crews were working to reach others . Tapping noises were heard at a collapsed day-care center , but later stopped . One trapped person apparently was sending text messages from beneath a collapsed bank . Meanwhile , the Port-au-Prince airport remained overwhelmed by the influx of air traffic bringing in supplies and efforts continued to clear the roads . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who confirmed Saturday the deaths of the top two civilian officials at Haiti 's U.N. mission , was to arrive in the capital Sunday . On Friday , the United Nations said that at least 37 U.N. personnel have died -- 36 with the U.N. mission and one with the World Food Programme . The number of unaccounted for U.N. people exceeded 300 . There are 12,000 people working for U.N. entities in Haiti . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Ivan Watson , Arthur Brice , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Chris Lawrence and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says global aid can help Haiti become better place than it was before quake NEW : Medical official warns that a third of patients in makeshift hospital may die without surgery NEW : Amid chaos , signs of progress , including aid distribution sites , hospitals Ex-Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush to lead fundraising effort for Haiti
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A book detailing a culture of corruption in Kenya is making booksellers and government officials uneasy , but for different reasons . The book details John Githongo 's fight to reveal the level of corruption in Kenya . The fear of reprisals is keeping sellers from stocking it , while top officials named in the book are threatening to sue for libel . The book , "  It 's Our Turn to Eat : The Story of a Kenyan Whistleblower , " by Michela Wrong , focuses on John Githongo , whom the Kenyan government hired in 2003 to head an anti-graft unit . Githongo 's investigations detailed an intricate web of corruption , allegedly featuring top Kenyan politicians . The most noted scandal -- Anglo Leasing -- revealed fraudulent deals , in which a fictitious company was paid millions of dollars for contracts using government funds , Kenyan media reported . Githongo , a former journalist , resigned in 2005 and fled to England . Wrong , an old friend , initially offered him shelter there . Watch as book stirs controversy in Kenya " The Kenyan government started a manhunt for him in the UK , Wrong said . A year later , Githongo released an explosive report detailing government fraud , which led to the resignation of some Kenyan politicians linked to the scandal . Attempts to reach Githongo through a spokesman were unsuccessful . The fact that there is corruption in the east African nation is not surprising . Bribery is so intertwined with the Kenyan culture , there is a code word for it . When someone offers a sly smile after a service and asks for "  chai , " Swahili for tea , that 's a cue to slap a bill on his outstretched palm . The book 's story line goes beyond corruption , however . It gives intimate details about Githongo 's fight and an insider 's insight on how brazen corruption is in the upper echelon . It also humanizes Githongo , who -- despite being considered a traitor by some and a fearless anti-corruption advocate by others -- had remained a mysterious figure . The book 's unavailability has not kept Kenyans from reading it . "  There 's a stolen PDF -LSB- computer -RSB- file , which contains the manuscript , doing the rounds amongst the Kenyan reading groups and on mailing lists , " Wrong said . "  The other way that people are getting it is , they 're basically buying it in Johannesburg or in Tanzania or in London ... and taking it in their luggage and then selling copies to friends . " In addition Wrong pushed her publisher , Harper Collins , to release an e-book version of the book , and Kenyans are now able to download the book legally from the Internet . Wrong , a veteran Africa correspondent who has written books on Eritrea and the Democratic Republic of Congo , said some officials have threatened to sue her . "  They -LSB- officials -RSB- may lose more than they gain from that process , " she said , adding that court testimony would offer the media a field day . A Kenya government spokesman called fears about selling the book unfounded . "  I am not aware that people are afraid of selling the book , because we have freedom of expression here and any book can be sold , " Alfred Mutua said . "  A government in a free-market society does not control what people buy or sell . So if people do not want to sell books because of any litigation , that has nothing to do with us . " Booksellers have a reason to worry , because the nation 's libel laws are designed to ensnare anyone involved with a product in question , according to Charles Otieno , a political analyst . "  Anything that is subject to libel , if you are found selling it , if you are found reading it or something like that , you are also actually the subject of the case , " he said . "  So most people are not willing to take that risk . " The reluctance of sellers to stock the book is heightened by a deep-rooted fear of the government , Otieno said , "  Nobody is willing to question government to that extent . Not many people in civil society are really as proactive as they were , " he added . For bookstore owners , the issue comes down to the possibility of lawsuits . "  There are lots of names mentioned , " said Chand Bahal , a bookseller . "  You ca n't say , ' I am going to sell this book and make it big . ' ... You will be the scapegoat ; you will be in trouble . "	Book on Kenyan corruption whistleblower not available in country 's stores However , PDF copies and those purchased abroad are being taken in It details John Githongo 's attempt to reveal scale of corruption in Kenya
CNN  -- After an astounding debut on Friday , Facebook 's shares have tumbled for the most part . Is the most highly anticipated technology IPO in recent years a failure ? It 's too early to know . As we probe every aspect of Facebook 's initial public offering , we should remember that the long-term performance of a company or its stock bears virtually no correlation with its first week 's or month 's market performance . In fact , the early days of Amazon.com 's stock chart looked similar to Facebook 's . Amazon 's stock has done just fine since then . Facebook has smartly capitalized on new market forces on a scale never seen in the history of commerce . But the jury 's still out -- and will be out for a while -- on whether Facebook is a "  phenom " or a real , growing company . Facebook and its bankers did their jobs superbly well . They extracted the maximum amount of money possible from Wall Street and Main Street investors , raising $ 16 billion at eye-popping valuations and making it one of the largest IPOs ever . Some observers wondered , "  what 's it worth ? " while others yammered about the market-cap-per customer calculus , knowing full well that no one really knows what that number is today or in a few years . With all the hoopla surrounding Facebook 's IPO , is it surprising that something went wrong ? Facebook 's IPO process is now being scrutinized closely , with regulators looking into impropriety on the part of the banks . There were "  leaked " upbeat memos about the company . There were last-minute reductions in revenue forecasts while the bankers were pumping the price higher and higher . Some investors may have had more information than others . There were even technical glitches with NASDAQ 's systems that disrupted trading . More "  innocent " mistakes than a toddler makes in years . Maybe the IPO was mishandled . If we had a more functional Securities and Exchange Commission , perhaps it would have made Facebook redo its IPO filing documents , which would have given some investors pause , and might have forced further tuning of a variety of key accounting metrics , all in full public view . Moving forward , Facebook needs to do one thing right : Mature into a great company that constantly innovates based not on just Mark Zuckerberg 's vision alone , but with lots of help , feedback and direction from its nearly 1 billion users . Ask Rupert Murdoch and MySpace about the importance of staying exciting , compelling and relevant to customers . Or Yahoo , or dozens of other companies that were so focused on their quarterly numbers and stock prices that they lost focus of their users and watched them drift away . Was a $ 38 FB share a great deal ? Do n't ask me this week -- ask me a year or two from now . The Facebook IPO is remarkable for another reason , though : It could change the investing culture of Silicon Valley forever . Startups can now think about a "  total available market " in the billions of users  smart phones , tablets , PCs , etc.  and try to reach a customer base that was unimaginable even decades ago . And as more people use their devices/apps 24/7 -- possibly in some sort of social way -- the potential revenue that can be generated would be enormous . For that reason , investor money is suddenly racing toward social media . Years ago , a great venture capitalist could make a solid return on an investment in about a decade or less . Now , a simple photo-sharing app like Instagram can be valued at $ 1 billion in less than three years . But what 's great for making tons of money may not be the same as what 's great for innovation or for our country . In Silicon Valley , the investor flight to social media marks the beginning of the end of the era of venture capital-backed big ideas in science and technology . Social media is the pot of gold that everyone wants a piece of right now . Will it change the way people interact ? Stay tuned . Will it make the world a better place ? Hard to say . In the meantime , there is n't a whole lot to be learned in Facebook 's first week or month of trading . We 'll just have to see if this social media giant grows into a solid and profitable company over time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Blank .	On Tuesday , Facebook 's stock has plunged nearly 18 % from its IPO price Steve Blank : It 's too early to judge Facebook based on its initial performance on the market Despite its IPO process mess , Facebook just needs to prove its long-term worth , he says Blank : Facebook IPO could change the investing culture of Silicon Valley forever
CNN  -- Over the past few weeks , politicians who have taken a hard-line stance against insurance coverage for contraception are offering a new alternative : make birth control available over the counter . At first glance , this appears to be a welcome shift , a reflection of the growing support for making birth control available to more women . It 's not . When health insurance does n't cover birth control and women have to pay out of pocket at the drugstore , it wo n't expand access to birth control but shrink it . Thanks to the Affordable Care Act , more than 48 million women in the U.S. are eligible for preventive care , including birth control , with no co-pay . We 're not just talking about the pill ; we are talking about the full range of contraceptive methods approved by the Food and Drug Administration . That 's 48 million women who are able to go to the pharmacy or a doctor 's office and get birth control with no out-of-pocket costs . In the first full year of the birth control benefit , American women saved $ 483 million more  PDF  . So when politicians who have otherwise embraced policies that would drag women back to the 1950s suggest making birth control available over the counter instead of covering it in insurance plans , they 're not experiencing a change of heart . They 're suggesting something that would take us back to the days when women had to pay out-of-pocket for their prescriptions , making birth control harder to get for many women , not least women who use birth control methods that simply can not be stocked on store shelves , like IUDs , one of the most effective  and expensive  forms of long-acting birth control . Offering over-the-counter birth control instead of insurance coverage for birth control amounts to a $ 483 million tax on women . Let 's get one thing clear : More access to birth control is a good thing . That 's why Planned Parenthood was founded nearly 100 years ago -- and it 's why a full range of women 's preventive care , including birth control , is now covered under the Affordable Care Act . Planned Parenthood , the American Medical Association and the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology agree with virtually every other mainstream health care provider and expert in this country : Birth control should be more available . Planned Parenthood has been fighting to expand access to birth control for nearly 100 years . We support making it available over the counter , in addition to requiring insurance plans to cover it -- but not instead of requiring no co-pay coverage . Women deserve both/and , not either/or . When America 's leading doctors and scientists sat down last year to identify the top 10 public health achievements of the 20th century , here 's what made the list : reducing heart disease , fluoride in drinking water , identifying the risks of tobacco , vaccines for a host of epidemics -- and birth control . That 's because for women , the ability to decide whether and when to have children has changed everything . Thanks to birth control , more women are able to get an education , finish school and pursue careers . Women are now making more money  though we still have a ways to go on that front  and are represented in higher numbers in the work force . In the decades since birth control became widely available , child mortality declined and health outcomes improved for women , infants and children . For women , birth control is n't a controversial topic or a political bargaining chip ; it 's basic health care , and it 's only a "  social issue " if you 've never had to pay for it . That 's why insurance coverage for birth control is so revolutionary -- and necessary . Let 's get one thing clear : More access to birth control is a good thing . Back when Congress was figuring out what should and should n't be included as part of health reform , the nonpartisan Institute of Medicine was asked to develop recommendations for women 's health benefits that absolutely had to be in . The Institute recommended that insurance cover eight critical women 's health services , including breastfeeding counseling and supplies , HIV screening , domestic violence services -- and birth control . Sensing a theme ? The bottom line : Political proposals to make birth control available over the counter have less to do with access and more to do with the price tag , which they want women to cover out of pocket . We do n't have time or energy to waste on political games , not when roughly half of all pregnancies in the United States are unintended and too many women still struggle to get the health care they need . At Planned Parenthood , we are eager to work with anyone who has an idea that would make birth control more readily available to women . So to these politicians : Come see us when you 're really ready to talk , and let 's see if we can come up with the next great advance in women 's health .	Cecile Richards : Politicians ' push for over-the-counter birth control is not good news Hardliners against coverage for contraception want women to pay out of pocket , she says She says it would make birth control less available ; things like IUDs could n't be over counter Richards : Proposal , aimed at thwarting Obamacare , amounts to $ 483 million tax on women
Havana  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro on Thursday met with a delegation from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , a powerful lobbying group championing capitalism and free markets . "  We talked about steps forward that might be taken by both countries " to improve U.S. - â $ ªCuba relations , Thomas Donohue , the head of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , said as the delegation prepared to board a private plane back to the U.S. at the end of its three-day visit . "  It was positive and we expect to talk again , " Donohue said on meeting Castro . The 12-person delegation included executives from Cargill , one of the world 's largest suppliers of agricultural products and foods , and Amway , the direct-selling mega-corporation . Most trade between Cuba and the U.S. is outlawed by the latter 's 52-year trade embargo on the island . The delegation met owners of small businesses in Cuba and toured a state auto repair shop that has been turned into a private cooperative . Donohue spoke to students and government officials Thursday about the power of free markets at the University of Havana , where Fidel Castro studied law before embarking on the path to revolution . "  Those of us who oppose the embargo are often accused of excusing or ignoring the Cuban government 's record on human rights and personal freedom , " Donohue told the crowd . "  In fact they need to be addressed by our governments in a constructive and ongoing dialogue . " Donohue praised Cuban government efforts to attract more international investment and allow more of its citizens to work for themselves but said the island had to go further with its economic reforms . "  We deeply believe that countries with strong private sectors , free of excessive government control and ownership , will have the most successful and productive economies . " Under reforms initiated by Raul Castro , nearly 500,000 Cubans have started their own businesses , activity that was strictly forbidden for much of the Cuban revolution . In March , Cuba 's National Assembly passed a new foreign investment law that aims to attract billions of dollars in international financing . Despite the changes slowly unfolding in the Cuban economy , it remains unclear if there will be any significant alteration to the current stalemate in Cuba-U.S. relations . Although President Barack Obama allowed Cuban-Americans to make unlimited visits to the island and lifted the cap on remittances they could send to relatives , the improving relationship between the two countries was overshadowed by the arrest of U.S. State Department contractor Alan Gross in 2009 . Gross is serving a 15-year sentence in Cuba for importing illegal satellite communications equipment to the island as part of what Cuban officials have called a plot to foment dissent . Cuban officials have said they wish to discuss Gross ' case along with those of three Cuban intelligence officers imprisoned in the U.S. . But so far , U , S , officials have said relations will not improve between the two countries until Gross is released . Despite the challenges , Donohue said the President struck an optimistic note about the future of the two nations ' relations . "  I think he 's a hopeful man , " he said .	The 12-person delegation included executives from Cargill and Amway Most trade between Cuba and the U.S. is outlawed by latter 's 52-year embargo The delegation met owners of small businesses in Cuba
EDWARDSVILLE , Illinois  CNN  -- A man suspected of bludgeoning eight people to death is a methamphetamine addict with a history of fighting with police , an investigator said as the suspected spree killer made his first court appearance . Suspected spree killer Nicholas Troy Sheley , 28 , did not enter a plea during his first court appearance . Nicholas T. Sheley , 28 , is being held on $ 1 million bail in one slaying as police and prosecutors prepare additional charges in connection with a week-long killing spree in two states . Sheley , 28 , appeared in an Illinois courtroom on Wednesday via closed-circuit television , but did not enter a plea . He was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ronald Randall , 65 , whose body was found behind a grocery story in Galesburg . Other charges include aggravated battery , vehicle hijacking and vehicle theft . Watch Sheley 's perp walk " Sheley , who wore a green-and-white striped jail jumpsuit , said little except to answer "  yes , sir , " to a series of questions from Judge Edward Ferguson . Authorities say Sheley 's alleged burst of violence spanned 300 miles until he gave up without a fight when police confronted him as he smoked outside a bar in Granite City , Illinois , on Tuesday night . Map : See where the bodies were found " Additional charges are being filed in a second Illinois county which encompasses two other towns where police believe Sheley killed five people , authorities said . Authorities also suspect Sheley in connection with the slayings of an Arkansas couple in Festus , Missouri . All eight victims , which include a child , died from blunt-force trauma to the head , officials said . Sheley 's capture ended an intensive manhunt , which included a $ 25,000 reward offer . Sheley had stopped at Bindy 's bar , a popular cop bar in a Granite City shopping center . Two patrons who recognized him from news reports called police . Bar owner Bill Watson told CNN Sheley came in , drank a glass of water and went to the restroom . When he returned from the restroom , Sheley asked for a lighter but was told he had to go outside to smoke . He was outside smoking when authorities arrived and arrested him . As bar patrons celebrated Sheley 's arrest , a family member of one of the victims called and thanked them for their assistance , Watson said . "  It really hit home and made us realize really what this guy was all about , " Watson said . New of Sheley 's capture calmed nerves in small towns from the Chicago to St. Louis areas . Police conducting a welfare check Sunday at an apartment in Rock Falls , Illinois , found four people dead , including the child . Sheley was a "  known associate " to at least one of the Rock Falls victims , state police said . Rock Falls is across the Rock River from Sterling ; both are in Whiteside County . The following day , Monday , authorities found Randall 's body in Galesburg , about 80 miles south of Rock Falls , and obtained an arrest warrant naming Sheley . The couple found dead in Festus , Missouri , a St. Louis suburb , was in town for a graduation , authorities said , and were last seen at a Comfort Inn there . Sheley is not believed to have had a prior relationship with the couple , police said . During the hunt for Sheley , the St. Louis County Police Department issued a bulletin describing him as an "  extremely dangerous " methamphetamine addict . "  He has stated to his ex-wife that he has more killing to do , " the bulletin said . According to a Tuesday affidavit by FBI Special Agent Susan Hanson , Sheley invaded a home in Sterling , Illinois -- just a mile from Rock Falls -- on June 14 . A woman inside the home told police the man was Sheley , it says . Sheley then took off to Iowa where he made a phone call in Sterling on Saturday and then went to Missouri , according to the affidavit . A gas station attendant in Galesburg , less than 60 miles from where the call was placed near Davenport , Iowa , told police that he saw Sheley , who appeared to have blood on him , at the gas station , the affidavit stated . A stolen truck belonging to Randall , the victim in Galesburg , was recovered Sunday in Festus , near an Anheuser-Busch distribution plant , authorities said . CNN 's Ismael Estrada , Susan Roesgen and Lee Garen contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspected spree killer described as meth addict Nicholas T. Sheley , 28 , did not enter a plea at first court appearance Police say ex-con tied to eight killings over past week in Illinois , Missouri All eight victims died of blunt-force trauma to head , authorities say
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- When it 's revealed that a prominent member of a clandestine movement has been giving information to the FBI for months , you 'd think it would intimidate others in the group into backing off . And that may have been the case when it was discovered that "  Sabu , " real name Hector Xavier Monsegur , had been arrested in June and provided information that helped lead to the arrest of five other alleged members of the "  hacktivist " collective , Anonymous . For a few minutes , anyway . "  That night , after everyone found out , it was a bit chilling , " said Gregg Housh , one of the few people associated with Anonymous who speaks publicly using his real identity . But in the hours and days that followed , something very different happened . "  That switched . A lot of people we had n't seen for months , or years , started showing up . An attack -LSB- on some sites by Anonymous -RSB- happened that night , " he said . "  It just angered them , not frightened them . " Housh was speaking at South by Southwest Interactive on Tuesday , the annual festival in Austin devoted to Web and digital culture . He appeared on a panel with the director of a documentary about Anonymous , and two people who spoke  one via Web chat  wearing the movement 's trademark "  Guy Fawkes mask . " The masks , patterned after the one worn by the shadowy anti-hero from the comic book and movie "  V for Vendetta , " gave an almost surreal air to the panel at a conference where black-framed glasses are a more common fashion accessory . As a crowd of about 200 watched , "  Anonymous 9000 " spoke on a big screen , his mask and white gloves lending theatrics even as he talked soberly about the inner workings of a movement that has alternately inspired , intimidated and baffled the Web . "  I was kind of mesmerized by what was going on , " said Brian Knappenberger , who directed "  We Are Legion : The Story of the Hacktivists . " "  This is an attempt to define that culture . " In recent years , Anonymous has been involved in some of the most high-profile cyberattacks on the Web -- hobbling the websites of governments and businesses , hacking into sites to reveal private data and , along the way , getting dubbed cyberterrorists by authorities in the United States and elsewhere . Who is Anonymous ? Everyone and no one The group claims no leaders or power structure and does n't require any sort of membership . That , some members say , is a blessing and a curse . "  That 's the double-edged sword of Anonymous , " said Anonymous 9000 . "  Anyone can claim the name of Anonymous and do whatever they want . If anyone wants to make Anonymous look bad ... it 's easy to do . " For example , he said he and many other "  Anons " disagree with actions by Sabu and others under the banner of Anonymous splinter-group Lulzsec . Those included posting private data , including credit-card and Social Security numbers , of Web users and launching distributed denial-of-service  DDoS  attacks against media sites who posted stories they did n't like . Lulzsec targets Arizona law enforcement "  When I got into this , I felt Anonymous was a group of groups who fight for the users , " Anonymous 9000 said . "  To see people getting DDOSed . . there 's a pretty good argument that 's a form of censorship . " Last week , five men in the United States and Europe were arrested and charged in federal court for what investigators called among the "  most sophisticated hackers in the world . " Monsegur and others have claimed responsibility for cyberstrikes between December 2010 and June 2011 that included denial of service attacks against the websites of Visa , MasterCard and PayPal . Housh , who said "  Sabu " had always been "  vocal , " "  angry " and "  a complete ass , " said he suspected something was amiss when the alleged Lulzsec member disappeared from the Web for a while , then returned more animated and aggressive than ever . "  I watched , and some of these people who did these hacks would not have gotten arrested -LSB- except for the fact that -RSB- he taught them how to do the hacks , " he said . Knappenberger 's film chronicles the rise of Anonymous from a disparate group hanging out in the forums of notorious website 4chan to the day recently when members of the Polish parliament , in protest of a vote they said would restrict Web freedom , donned their own Guy Fawkes masks in solidarity with the group . Housh was , in his words , "  around near the beginning , " which means about 2006 . Shortly after that , in 2008 , Anonymous gained visibility after launching an operation to defy the Church of Scientology . After leading protests and other efforts against the church , which Anonymous attacked after it deleted leaked copies of a video that actor Tom Cruise made for it , Housh 's identity was revealed . He then shifted his activism to acting as a sort of public spokesman for the movement . While the collective has no single unifying goal , those associated with Anomymous often work against what they consider censorship , hypocrisy and heavy-handedness by governments around the world . Anonymous members say they were active in Arab Spring uprisings in places such as Egypt and Libya , have outed members of alleged child pornography sites and vocally opposed the Stop Online Piracy Act -- federal legislation Web activists felt could hamper freedom online . They 've also backed the Occupy political movement , which is how the other masked panelist said he got involved about four months ago . An activist with Occupy Austin , he said the collective , in effect , became tech support for efforts here . He recalled a protest during which he says a police officer was acting aggressively toward protestors at a demonstration at Austin City Hall last month . As cameras streamed the protest online , he called out the officer 's name and badge number , saying that all of his personal information would be online within hours . "  And they were , " the masked panelist in Austin said . "  I was able to call on Anonymous and know they would deliver . " So what will become of Anonymous in the wake of the recent arrests ? Housh said most people he talks to seem to realize arrest is a possibility . "  I do n't think anything is going to change , " he said .	Anonymous member appears on a documentary panel at surreal SXSW panel Gregg Housh tells crowd of about 200 that Anonymous associates remain motivated Housh says prominent member "  Sabu " had always been "  vocal , " "  angry " Anonymous is the name of a "  hacktivist " collective that has made headlines lately
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sixteen years is a long time , but "  it still feels just like yesterday " to 39-year-old Penny Malphrus . Her father disappeared while flying home from Swainsboro , Georgia , to Hilton Head Island , South Carolina , in February 1996 . "  I honestly do not know where the time has gone , " she said this week , as efforts continued to determine whether plane wreckage recently found 80 feet down in the Atlantic Ocean 20 miles off the coast of St. Augustine , Florida , will answer her family 's uncertainty . "  I may or may not find my answers in my search , but I really feel like I am not alone searching , " she said . Read more : Underwater wreckage could provide answer to missing-plane mystery On February 17 , 1996 , Malphrus ' father , Stewart Dunbar , was piloting his twin engine Piper Aerostar home after going to show the plane to a prospective buyer who failed to show up for the scheduled appointment . Shortly after he took off around 7:45 p.m. , Dunbar , 58 , reported feeling dizzy and said he was having trouble seeing . He radioed a distress call and advised the radio control tower in Jacksonville , Florida , of his coordinates . In what would be his last communication , he said he was placing the plane on autopilot and turning toward the ocean . Then , several weeks ago , diver Joe Kistel and another diver came across plane parts which Malphrus hopes will shed more light on where and how her father 's plane disappeared . Kistel posted video and photos on his company 's website , hoping it might draw attention from aviation buffs . See the photos and videos Malphrus , who routinely checks the Internet for any news about missing aircraft , heard about the plane wreckage and decided she wanted to meet the 31-year-old Kistel before he made the dive to further investigate the wreckage . "  This could be it . This dive could be what ultimately answers 16 years of not knowing , " Malphrus e-mailed to CNN prior to her face-to-face meeting with Kistel . "  If it is my Dad 's plane , I want to  meet  the man before he goes to find that my Dad has actually touched the face of God . Somehow it seems comforting to me . " "  I guess I feel like if I ca n't be the person to go dive down there and find the answers myself , then what I really want is for that person to at least know me and more about my Dad and what an incredible person my Dad is , " she said . "  Right now , to me , my Dad is still alive , so this for me could be my goodbye . " The weather looks favorable this weekend for Kistel and a volunteer search and recovery team from TISIRI  Think It Sink It Reef It  , a marine conservation company based in Jacksonville , which has unexpectedly found itself in the middle of an underwater mystery , far from its main mission to help build artificial reefs . On Wednesday afternoon , Malphrus drove the three-and-a-half hours that separates her home from the man who might provide the closure she 's looking for . Kistel and Malphrus both predicted their first meeting would be emotional . "  I was greeted by a man with a very sweet smile and what started as a handshake turned into a comforting hug , " she reflected . "  I instantly felt comfortable like I had known him for years . " She said she could tell instantly Kistel takes a lot of pride in what he does . "  For me to see her kinda stepped things up a level , " Kistel later said . "  Through our conversation ... you would see the hope and the sadness at the same time . Seeing her emotions was very motivating for us . " But he also did n't want to raise expectations . "  He was very careful to not give me false hopes , " she said . But Malphrus said it was important that Kistel knows everything about her father . "  This is n't just anyone he is diving down there looking for . This could be my Dad . Joe could be diving down to find the last answer I may need . I want to know Joe . " Wishful thinking aside , the two principals in this drama were realistic about how it may turn out . The chances that this is the plane are hard to know because no one saw exactly where it went down . Not long after communications were lost with Dunbar , fighter jets were scrambled . A Falcon jet based in Charleston , South Carolina , went out as soon as the report came in while the plane was still over land , Malphrus recalls . Then two C-130 's were scrambled including one off a Navy ship to relieve the Coast Guard 's Falcon which was running low on fuel . "  The first jet did get a visual , " said Malphrus , but since night had fallen , the pilot was unable to see inside the cockpit , lit only by the light from the instrument panel . "  From what I understood , the two C-130 jets never could find him again . This has always led me to believe his Aerostar may not have stayed on the course they predicted with his last known coordinates and estimated fuel expiration recorded in his flight plan . " One of the more emotional moments during their three-hour meeting occurred when Kistel pulled out of a bag a piece of the Lycoming engine retrieved during the initial dive last month . "  She held it in her hand knowing this could be a piece of her father 's plane , " said Kistel . "  I got a little tearful looking at this sand and shell encrusted piece of wreckage balanced in Joe 's hand . That was a moment where the reality of there is really wreckage down there and it could be my Dad 's kinda merged into my reality . Seeing that piece was at best indescribable , " Malphrus said . Kistel said the plan is for a team of at least six divers to go down three times for up to 30 minutes each on Saturday and then again on Sunday . Kistel said they will use Saturday 's dive to locate , mark and rig cables to the two engines which are 38 feet apart and 75 % buried in the sand . Using lift bags that are like giant inflatable pillows provided free of charge by two companies , Prolift and Subsalve , Kistel will attempt to place the two engines on blocks on the level sea floor to get a better look at the motors , the propellers and any possible serial numbers . Each of the propellers on the two engines of Dunbar 's plane had three blades . "  If that engine comes out and it 's a two-bladed prop , we can pretty much conclude it was not Penny 's father 's plane , " Kistel said . "  If it 's three-bladed , it means more investigation . " Ironically , CNN coverage about the plane 's disappearance and dive has resulted in more than a dozen other families contacting Kistel , wondering if perhaps the plane wreckage is related to their missing loved ones . Whether it turns out to be Dunbar 's plane , Kistel said , "  The goal is to identify the plane . It wo n't change anything on our end . " "  If it is not his plane , then it is somebody else 's answer , someone else 's closure , " Malphrus said . Kistel said his company and others are shouldering the costs of the search . "  Every dollar spent is a financial loss as it is not like we are recovering treasure or goods of fiscal value . The hope of providing someone or some family closure is keeping us motivated and moving forward regardless , " he acknowledges . "  The reality will most likely be that we will be unable to pursue investigations  after this weekend  without support of fiscal sponsors . " Back at her home in Hilton Head Island , waiting to see what Kistel finds , Malphrus can only wonder . She said she 's going to drive back to Jacksonville this weekend . "  You know I sit in my dad 's old chair , I still have his hair brush , I even have an old undershirt sealed in a Ziplock bag that still has his smell , but I do n't have him . I never got to say goodbye , " she said . "  I have so many things that he touched and that were his , but so far none of these things has been enough to take away this pain of just not knowing . "	Pilot Stewart Dunbar disappeared off Florida coast in 1996 Daughter newly found wreckage will bring closure in father 's disappearance Dive planned for this weekend may confirm if wreckage is Dunbar 's
CNN  -- Championship leader Sebastian Vettel claimed pole position for Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix as he edged out McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton in final qualifying at the Hungaroring . Vettel , only fourth behind Hamilton in last weekend 's German Grand Prix , re-asserted his season-long dominance with a time of one minute 19.815 seconds in his Red Bull in the last few moments of the session . Hamilton 's McLaren teammate and 2009 world champion Jenson Button was third fastest and will occupy the second row with Felipe Massa of Ferrari . Massa , who suffered a near fatal crash in Hungary two years ago , outqualified his teammate and two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , who was fifth fastest . Mark Webber in the second Red Bull will join Alonso on the third row . Germans Nico Rosberg of Mercedes , Force India driver Adrian Sutil and Michael Schumacher in the second Mercedes were next best . Sauber 's young Mexican star Sergio Perez completed the top ten . But this was all about defending champion Vettel , who was claiming the 23rd pole of his short but glittering F1 career and his eighth in 11 starts . By his standards below-par performances at the British Grand Prix won by Alonso and at the Nurburgring last week , had left some question marks hanging over him , but he answered in fine style . "  We changed a lot on the car overnight . The boys were working pretty hard and the boys did n't get much sleep but a result like this today is the best way to say thanks , " he told the post-race press conference . "  I have the confidence back and I am feeling comfortable in the car . I am looking forward to tomorrow . " With overtaking at a premium at the circuit in Budapest , Vettel will be favorite to extend his 77-point championship lead over Webber , with Hamilton five further points adrift .	Sebastian Vettel takes pole for Hungarian Grand Prix in Budapest Vettel edges out Lewis Hamilton  McLaren  in final qualifying Hamilton 's McLaren teamate Jenson Button third fastest Red Bull 's Vettel has been on pole for eight of 11 starts this season
CNN  -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "  police activity . " Aerial video of the span at about 3 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  showed no vehicles moving and police cars blocking entrance ramps . "  As SFPD work with CHP , please be patient , " the California Highway Patrol , or CHP , tweeted , with SFPD referring to the San Francisco Police Department . "  Traffic has been halted . " About 15 minutes later , police officers led a wave of vehicles over the bridge -- suggesting that any concerns had been adequately addressed . California Highway Patrol acknowledged as much online , thanking travelers for their patience . Officer Michael Ferguson , from the patrol 's Golden Gate division , explained later that a passerby had called in to report what looked like a suspicious item on the eastbound I-80 off-ramp toward Treasure Island . The gray cylinder was small , but clearly visible . "  We get calls like this all the time , where an item or box is called in as suspicious , " Ferguson said . "  Usually , our officers pull up and are able to rule it out quickly . But in this case , it was suspicious . " Authorities were able to collect and take the item , so that there was no chance it could pose a threat , the officer said .	NEW : A small item visible from the roadway looked "  suspicious , " officer says NEW : It was located on an I-80 off-ramp to Treasure Island Movement on the bridge was temporarily halted Aerial video showed no traffic and police cars blocking entrance ramps
London , England  CNN  -- Saying it plans to lease aircraft and provide replacement workers , British Airways on Monday unveiled an ambitious contingency plan in preparation for the first of two strikes by the union members representing the airline 's cabin crews . The Unite union 's leadership aimed to ground the airline through its action , but "  the flag will continue to fly , " said Willie Walsh , BA chief executive , in a written statement . "  Around 60 percent of our customers will be able to fly as planned and many thousands more can be rebooked onto alternative BA flights or onto rival airlines . " Members of the Unite union voted to strike for three days beginning March 20 , and for four more days beginning March 27 . BA said Monday its contingency plans will allow about 45,000 customers to fly each day during the first strike period . "  At this stage , the vast majority of flights between March 23 and March 31 remain in the schedule , and we will update customers due to fly during the second strike period after the first strike period has ended , " the statement said . "  The airline is still available to hold further talks but wants customers to have early warning of its flying schedule to allow sufficient time for alternative travel arrangements to be made . " At London 's Heathrow Airport , more than 60 percent of British Airways long-haul flights will be operated during the first strike period , the company said . In addition , it will operate all long-haul flights to London 's Gatwick Airport and more than half of the short-haul flights at Gatwick . "  The airline will operate some of its own short-haul flights at Heathrow , and will supplement its schedule by leasing up to 22 aircraft with pilots and crews from eight different airlines based in the UK and Europe , " the statement said . "  Due to the numbers of cabin crew who have called in to offer their services over the weekend , the schedule will be slightly larger than we had originally anticipated , " Walsh said . The airline said it has also made agreements with 40 other carriers to rebook customers free of charge during the strike period if their British Airways flights are canceled . "  We will continue to try to prevent this strike taking place , but we have reached a point when we must now offer some clarity to our customers who have waited with great patience since Friday , when the strike dates were first announced , " Walsh said in the British Airways statement . " ... I recognize the frustration of customers booked for travel from March 27 onwards , when the second stoppage is due to begin , and we will do all we can to give them more clarity about their specific flight number once we start to understand just how many cabin crew are willing to work as normal . " The industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions , which British Airways says will save the carrier more than # 60 million  approximately $ 90 million  a year . Unite has said the plans call for working hours to be extended and crew levels to be cut , changes that it has said will damage customer service and the BA brand . The airline 's management submitted a formal offer to the union Thursday , Unite said , but added that the offer failed to address union concerns about crew numbers and service delivery . That prompted Unite officials to announce the strike dates Friday . When that occurred , the airline took its offer off the table . The airline , for its part , also has rejected all union proposals so far , saying they would have saved the airline significantly less money than the airline 's own planned changes . British Airways has opened an extra call center manned by volunteers to help customers , the Monday statement said . "  We remain absolutely determined to search for a sensible settlement and our door remains open to Unite , day or night . It is not too late for ... Unite to call off this action and we will do all we can to reinstate some of the canceled flights , " Walsh said in the company 's statement Monday .	BA : Contingency plans will allow about 45,000 customers to fly each day It plans to lease up to 22 aircraft with pilots and crews from eight different airlines The industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions Union says plans call for working hours to be extended and crew levels to be cut
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways is asking thousands of its staff to work for free for up to four weeks , spokeswoman Kirsten Millard said Tuesday . British Airways plans to reduce capacity by 4 percent next winter by parking up to 16 aircraft . In an e-mail to all its staff , the airline offered workers between one and four weeks of unpaid leave -- but with the option to work during this period . British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom . Last month , the company posted a record annual loss of # 400 million  $ 656 million  . Its chief executive declared at the time there were "  absolutely no signs of recovery " in the industry . "  In 30 years in this business and I 've never seen anything like this . This is by far the biggest crisis the industry has ever faced , " said Willie Walsh , British Airways ' chief executive . Watch more about BA 's request " A spokesman for one of Britain 's biggest unions said its workers could not afford to work for free for a month . "  It 's all well and good for Willie Walsh to say he 's prepared to work for free when he earns four times in a month what they do in a year , " said Ciaran Naidoo , a spokesman for Unite . He pointed out that the airline was not ordering staff to work without pay . "  It 's a request -- you can take unpaid leave or you can work for free , and the chances of people working for free are very unlikely , but there might be some people who want to take unpaid leave . " Demand for the airline 's passenger seats and cargo holds fell during the last financial year , while its fuel bill rocketed to almost # 3 billion  $ 4.7 billion  . Walsh said British Airways ' woes were inextricably linked to the downturn in the global economy and that there had been no sign of any "  green shoots " of recovery . Like its premium-class competitors , British Airways is losing customers to cheaper rivals . The airline 's premium passenger numbers fell 13 percent in the second half of last year , in line with the industry average . Total traffic fell 3.4 percent and while the airline carried 33.1 million passengers last year , it was a drop of 4.3 percent from the previous year . The dip in demand for British Airways ' flights has forced a switch in strategy at the airline . From the end of last year , it has been trying to tempt passengers with lower fares , sacrificing profit per seat for "  bums on seats . " It plans to reduce capacity by 4 percent next winter by parking up to 16 aircraft . CNN 's Alysen Miller contributed to this report .	Union spokesman : Workers could not afford to work for free for a month British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom Airline 's CEO : There are "  absolutely no signs of recovery " in the industry Last month , the company posted a record annual loss $ 656 million
CNN  -- The bodies of four children swept away in a creek swollen by storm waters in western Kentucky were recovered Friday morning , local authorities said . The first body was recovered shortly after midnight ; two others were located about 30 minutes later , said Graves County Sheriff Dewayne Redmon . Missouri officials assisting in the search later found the fourth body . The children were traveling with their Amish family in a horse-drawn carriage on a flooded street in Graves County when the carriage flipped over Thursday evening , said Jerry Beasley , a Kentucky State Police spokesman . In all , there were six children and their mother in the carriage , Beasley said The mother and two children were able to get to a safe area . But the other four children were swept away with the carriage into a nearby creek .	NEW : Authorities have recovered the bodies of four children in Kentucky Two children and their mother are able to get to a safe area The family was traveling in a horse-drawn carriage on a flooded street
CNN  -- An initial tsunami advisory has been canceled for coastal Alaska . One had been issued after a magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck Monday about 15 miles from Little Sitkin Island , Alaska . The quake had a depth of 71 miles , according to seismologists . The town of Adak evacuated its 150 residents to a shelter about 600 feet above sea level after the initial tsunami warning , City Manager Layton Lockett told CNN . There were no initial reports of quake damage in Adak or on Shemya Island , said Ian Dickson , website manager for the Alaska Earthquake Information Center . Dickson said there were 17 measurable aftershocks in the two hours after the quake . First estimates put the quake at magnitude 8.0 . The strength was subsequently set by the U.S. Geological Survey at 7.9 magnitude . Quakes hit near New Zealand ; no immediate reports of damage Oklahoma quakes this year top tremors in California Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes	Preliminary measures put the quake 's strength at 8.0 , later downgraded to 7.9 An initial tsunami warning was canceled The 150 residents of Adak moved to a shelter on higher ground Adak is on an island off the Alaskan mainland
CNN  -- At the sentencing of Jared Loughner , Mark Kelly , speaking on behalf of his wife , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , called out politicians for their "  feckless leadership " when it comes to addressing gun violence in America . "  We have a political class that is afraid to do something as simple as have a meaningful debate about our gun laws and how they are being enforced , " Kelly said . "  We have representatives who look at gun violence not as a problem to solve , but as the white elephant in the room to ignore . " Giffords was shot at close range in the head by Loughner at a constituency event outside a supermarket in Tucson , Arizona , on January 8 , 2011 . Her survival and recovery are indeed miraculous , yet after many months of physical therapy , she struggles with her speech and walking . There were 18 other victims in the mass shooting , six of whom died . Despite being rejected by the military because of a history of illicit drug use and being kicked out of a community college for repeated incidents of threatening and bizarre behavior , Loughner legally purchased a semi-automatic pistol with a magazine capable of holding 30 rounds of ammunition . The politicians called out by Kelly and Giffords let the National Rifle Association bully them into thinking that gun owners do n't want key flaws in our current gun laws fixed and that you ca n't win elections without the backing of the NRA . The millions of dollars the NRA spent in unsuccessful attempts to win close Senate races in swing states with high gun ownership rates -- Florida , Missouri , Ohio , Virginia and Wisconsin -- suggests that candidates can and do win despite strong NRA opposition . The NRA portrays itself as an organization that speaks for and advocates for gun owners . The reality is that they speak for gun owners with the most extreme views and for the gun industry . A case in point is their opposition to requiring background checks for all firearm sales . Under federal law and most states ' law , only individuals who attempt to purchase firearms from licensed gun dealers must present a government-issued ID , sign a form stating that they do not fit any of the firearm prohibition categories and pass a criminal background check . But criminals and gun traffickers are given an easy alternative . They can simply purchase firearms from private sellers who do not require any of these checks . 5 things gun owners want you to know Closing this absurd loophole would not be political suicide for politicians who fear losing the support of gun owners . A recent survey found that more than 80 % of gun owners and 74 % of NRA members want this loophole fixed . It seems likely that Giffords and Kelly , both gun owners , would be among this large majority favoring this reform . Gun owners do n't want dangerous people to have guns . So it seems doubtful that most gun owners think gun dealers should continue to be offered the special protections that Congress has bestowed on them , which reduce accountability and make it easier for criminals to get guns . When states require background checks for all handgun sales and have strong regulation and oversight of licensed gun dealers , far fewer guns are diverted to criminals . Politicians could also strengthen our gun laws so that , for example , individuals convicted of misdemeanor crimes of violence  often pleaded down from felony charges  or those who have been convicted of multiple alcohol-related crimes are prohibited from possessing firearms . Studies have shown that these groups commit violent crimes at rates many times higher than population averages . Keeping guns from criminals and alcoholics is n't anti-gun -- it 's pro-safety . While nonfatal crime rates in the U.S. are comparable to other high-income countries , our homicide rate in the U.S. is seven times higher than that of other high-income countries , due in part to greater availability of handguns . We can reduce the homicide rate by restricting high-risk individuals from owning guns and eliminating legal protections that shady gun sellers and criminals exploit . Science and public opinion are in alignment . It 's time for elected officials to listen to the common sense reforms supported by the majority of gun owners and gun violence survivors such as Giffords . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel W. Webster .	At the sentencing of Jared Loughner , issue of gun violence came up Daniel Webster : It 's time for elected officials to address key flaws in our gun laws He says the NRA speaks for gun owners with the most extreme views Webster : Politicians should push for reforms supported by most gun owners
CNN  -- Memorial Day is a day set aside to remember the U.S. troops who have died . One way to honor the fallen troops is to volunteer at a veterans cemetery . And while there are opportunities on Memorial Day , there are other ways you can help all year long . There are more than 150 national cemeteries and monument sites maintained by such groups as the the Department of Veterans Affairs and the National Park Service . Read more about them or find a volunteer opportunity at a cemetery near you . The Department of Veterans Affairs has these tips on ways you can help at a veterans cemetery that you might not have considered : -- Volunteer to greet visitors , give tours or research and document cemetery history -- Donate items such as golf carts , which are used to transport visitors who need assistance reaching a gravesite -- Volunteer to raise and lower cemetery flags on national holidays -- Help maintain the final resting place of fallen troops by volunteering to prune trees , mend cemetery flags , repair cemetery benches or sponsor a burial area or flower bed and maintain it all year long -- If you 're a bugler , volunteer to play a live "  Taps " at veterans ' funerals . About 1,800 veterans die each day , most of them from World War II , according to the VA. . Because the military can not provide enough buglers to play at such a large number of funerals , Congress passed a law in 2000 to allow a recorded version to be played . But many families of the fallen prefer a live version if possible .	Volunteering time at a nearby veterans cemetery can be a way to honor the fallen at Memorial Day There are also volunteer opportunities all year long Maintaining the grounds , helping repair or even greeting visitors are some ways to help
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  I feel that my life is worthless . I have lost my interest in talking to others , and in my studies too . I have also lost interest in being with a crowd of people . All I want is to sit all by myself . Is my problem an illness ? Has it got any solution ? " - Letter from a male university student , 18 , Nepal "  Chatting " on the road : SSMK reporters in action This extract is just one example of the 1,500 letters and 400 e-mails that Binita Shrestha , 29 , receives each month . As the host of Nepalese community radio show , "  Chatting with my Best Friend , " Shrestha and her co-host , Binayak Aryal , provide a vital link to young people across the remote regions of the mountainous country . "  Chatting with my Best Friend , " or "  Saathi Sanga Manka Kura "  SSMK  , launched in April 2001 with the mission to broadcast life skills to Nepalese youth and equip them with the knowledge and the confidence to make better-informed decisions . The lively hour-long show features drama , songs and light-hearted banter between its young hosts . But the focal point of the show -- and the reason for its popularity amongst its young and often isolated audience -- is the listeners ' letters section , where Shrestha and Aryal give frank , unbiased advice on everything from teenage sex , HIV and drug use to careers and family matters . The team have handled letters from a girl whose father had raped her but whose mother would n't believe her ; a boy whose HIV-positive girlfriend was pressuring him to marry her ; a girl who had contracted a sexually transmitted disease and did n't know what to do ; and girls facing sexual harassment on the streets . That 's on top of the issues faced by many teens around the world : low self-esteem , lack of career opportunity , sexuality and self identity ; plus the problems that have risen from the recent Nepalese conflict : enforced migration , the risk of landmines and dealing with disabilities . Some cases , like the one from the girl who was raped , require special attention .  She was advised to talk to her older sister and was put in touch with a local counseling center .  But the SSMK team are able to respond to most of their huge mailbag with templated letters and advice booklets , enabling the listener to make their own informed decision . The weekly show has six million listeners across Nepal -- a staggering 20 percent of the population and 50 percent of its 14-29-year-old target audience . Since launch , it has doubled in length , has its own spin-off careers show and has sired similar projects in Cambodia and Laos . And when the SSMK team hit the road , they are greeted like film stars by legions of avid fans . "  You do n't ever feel lonely . Anywhere I go , I am surrounded by people , " says Shrestha . With its peer-to-peer approach , "  Chatting with my Best Friend " aims to lift some of the taboos surrounding sex , drugs and related issues like human trafficking . Unsurprisingly for a country whose population is traditionally both modest and reticent , the show received some resistance when it was first broadcast . But while those taboos are n't going away -- even Shrestha says she sometimes feels awkward listening to the show with her family -- "  Chatting with my Best Friend " has opened up communication both amongst youth and across the age divide . And the show 's combination of friendly chat backed up with clear information is working . One of the main achievements of "  Chatting with my Best Friend , " according to its listeners , is that it has boosted their self-esteem . " -LSB- The show -RSB- has helped thousands of Nepalese deprived of proper knowledge , " writes one . "  Several of my problems got solved through your program , " adds another . For the SSMK team , the show is no nine-to-five . The pressure is intense . When Shrestha leaves the office , her job follows her . People approach her on the street or when she 's traveling , hoping that she can solve their problems . "  They really have expectations , " she told CNN . It can get overwhelming . "  We can only give them comfort sometimes , " she admitted . "  I feel very bad if the situation is very critical and I am not able to do anything . We are just radio producers : we ca n't have solutions for everything . " But their dedication brings a closeness that she treasures : "  The people that work on the show are like a family . We all know what we 're working for , " she said . That closeness has helped Nepalese youth to link up with each other , too . Some found it uncomfortable to listen to the show 's subject matter with their families , and chose to listen with friends . That 's resulted in a thousand listener groups springing up across Nepal whose members listen to the show together each week , hold special information events and raise awareness of HIV , safe sex and other personal issues within their communities . One remote village 's group even organized the building of a link road to the main highway , two kilometers away . The SSMK model 's success has spurred a sister project in Cambodia , "  We Can Do It ! " that launches this December , and a more modest project in Laos based within a secondary school . Ronni Goldfarb , founder and president of Equal Access , hopes that the future will bring more opportunities for collaboration to bring the SSMK model to new countries in Asia , Africa and Latin America . Goldfarb is keen to point out how cost effective community radio can be . In rural Nepal , where Internet access is limited and television and print are prohibitively expensive , radio can reach thousands of youngsters who would otherwise be isolated within their small villages . Equal Access does this for less than ten cents a year per listener . "  By 2020 the world 's youth population will easily reach four billion , " Goldfarb told CNN . "  Empowering youth -- tomorrow 's leaders , parents and teachers -- with self-esteem , the confidence and skills to create a better life , and a supportive network of peers is one of the most powerful contributions Equal Access can make to future generations and to a more equitable world . " Back in Kathmandu , as half of Nepal 's most famous youth radio duo , Shrestha 's bright future has only begun . But she wo n't stay with SSMK forever . "  Even though I feel really young at heart , I know that in years to come I wo n't be young any more , " she explained . And when that day comes , she and Aryal will pass on the SSMK baton to a new generation of presenters -- who will bring the SSMK brand of friendly , supportive and practical advice to a new generation of Nepalese youth . ... . How can we equip our youth to face the challenges of the future ? What 's the best way to inspire young people ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . For more information on "  Chatting with my Best Friend " and Equal Access 's other projects , see the Equal Access Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brie Schwartz contributed to this report .	"  Chatting with my Best Friend " broadcasts frank and practical advice in Nepal Show 's remit is to educate youths in life skills , sex education , HIV awareness Half of Nepal 's 14-29-year-old youths tune in to the weekly radio show Show 's peer-to-peer model is being adapted for Cambodia , Laos
The Obama administration finalized rules on Friday that allow religious-affiliated organizations opposing the use of contraception to opt out of a federal mandate requiring that they provide their employees with insurance coverage for birth control . The mandates give women at nonprofit , religious-based organizations , like certain hospitals and universities , the ability to receive contraception through separate health policies at no charge . The rules , which were first proposed in February and then open for comment through April , have undergone only minor changes . Chiquita Brooks-LaSure , deputy director for policy and regulations at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , said in a call with reporters that the rules were "  very similar " to the administration 's original proposal . One of the few noticeable changes is the process by which insurance companies reimburse nonprofit religious organizations -- such as nonprofit religious hospitals and institutions of higher education -- that object to contraceptive coverage . This process , officials from HHS said , has provided more distance between the groups that disapprove of contraceptive use and the insurance companies that will be supplying contraceptives to their employees at no cost . These slight changes , said one HHS representative , came after hearing from stakeholders during a public comment period this year . In total , more than 400,000 comments were sent to the department on the rule . Objecting organizations and insurers will have until January 1 , 2014 , to comply with the new rules . This date was extended from August 1 , 2013 . "  The health care law guarantees millions of women access to recommended preventive services at no cost , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a Friday news release . "  Today 's announcement reinforces our commitment to respect the concerns of houses of worship and other non-profit religious organizations that object to contraceptive coverage , while helping to ensure that women get the care they need , regardless of where they work . " Since Obamacare was signed into law in 2010 , administration officials have said the administration has attempted to work out how nonprofit organizations can decline to provide contraception coverage to their employees on religious grounds without facing a penalty . In a news release about the finalized plans , administration officials say these final rules "  strike the appropriate " balance . In February , the health agency said that while it could not provide a final cost of the plan , offering free coverage would lower expenses over the long term , partly because of improvements in women 's health and fewer childbirths . As part of the new rules , groups that are insured -- such as with student health plans at religious colleges -- would be required to let their insurer know that certain participants would like contraception coverage . Because the insurer would be covering the costs , the changes would allow religious organizations morally opposed to contraception to avoid paying for it . Although many religious groups applauded the compromise , not everyone heralded it as a success . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said in February that it does not support the Obama administration 's proposals because they fall short of addressing concerns about religious freedom . "  Because the stakes are so high , we will not cease from our effort to assure that health care for all does not mean freedom for few , " Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , president of the conference , said in a February statement . "  We will continue to stand united with brother bishops , religious institutions , and individual citizens who seek redress in the courts for as long as this is necessary . " Those calls of disapproval continued after Friday 's finalization of the contraceptive plans . "  This latest rule shows the administration is tone-deaf to religious freedom , " said Anna Higgins , director at the Family Research Council . "  Family Research Council strongly opposes the latest regulation that continues to mandate that life-ending drugs and contraceptive services be covered , with no copay , by health plans of businesses and organizations that have serious moral and religious objections . " Michael Hash , director of the Office of Health Reform for HHS , said the changes that were made took into account suggestions from religious organizations that objected to the rules . "  I think there is a much brighter line , simpler line , and we think that responds to the good many comments that we got , " he said . An original mandate on providing contraception was part of the new federal health care law spearheaded by President Obama , the Affordable Care Act . It required that insurers provide , at no cost to those insured , all forms of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration . Houses of worship were exempt immediately , and the administration widened those exemptions last year to include other religiously affiliated organizations , like universities and hospitals . That still left groups across a wide spectrum of faiths -- many of which teach that contraception is morally wrong -- covered by the mandate . They denounced it as an infringement on religious liberty . A group of 43 Catholic organizations challenged the rules in federal court in May . The administration had long defended the mandate , saying that it did not violate religious liberties . The finalized proposal also clarified the definition of a religious employer . Instead of using a multipart test that required an employer to show "  religious values as its purpose " and to "  employ persons who share its religious tenets , " the proposal followed the Internal Revenue Code 's definition that includes "  churches , other houses of worship , and their affiliated organizations . " After an uproar among religious institutions that did n't want to pay for contraceptives , the Obama administration offered several alternatives in March 2012 . These plans are a continuation of those efforts . The issue of Obama 's health care act mandating contraception coverage became a hot-button political issue during last year 's presidential race . In August 2012 , Republican nominee Mitt Romney released a television ad that attacked the Obama administration . "  President Obama used his health care plan to declare war on religion , forcing religious institutions to go against their faith , " the ad said . "  Mitt Romney believes that is wrong . " Although the ad did not specifically mention the contraception rule , a news release that accompanied the ad justified the "  war on religion " claim using an editorial published in the San Antonio Express-News in February about the health care law 's rule on providing contraception .	Rules let groups like religious hospitals , schools to decline to provide contraception coverage But women would still get coverage ; outside provider would pay for contraception The rules , first proposed in February , appear to have undergone only minor changes Obama administration : Rules appropriately balance religious liberty , contraception coverage
CNN  -- At the last minute , Morgan Victoria 's friend convinced her to attend their 10-year high school reunion . Victoria had n't had any intention of going to "  such a silly thing , " but her friend 's significant other could n't make it and , well , peer pressure does n't end at 18 . Victoria balked as the former class president handed her a name tag . On it was Victoria 's senior photo . Walking around the event , something inside of her snapped . "  I 'm wearing a picture of me 10 years younger and 100 pounds lighter , " Victoria remembers . "  It was humiliating . " "  The next day I was like , ` That 's it . ' " At the August 2012 reunion , Victoria weighed 255 pounds and wore a size 18 dress . Over the next nine months , she lost more than 100 pounds by moving more and eating less . "  There is no secret , " Victoria says about weight loss . "  All you have to do is care . If you honestly care about yourself , if you honestly care about getting it done -- that 's all you have to do . " Victoria did n't grow up overweight , though she sometimes felt like it in her athletic family . Her parents cooked healthy meals around the house , and Victoria swam , played tennis and ran cross country until she left for college . At the Savannah College of Art and Design in Georgia , where she majored in communication arts  otherwise known as comic books and poetry , she jokes  , she ate whatever she wanted . That included plenty of junk food . "  You eat the cheap stuff , " Victoria remembers . "  It was n't like I was getting home from the studio and being like , ' I need some lean protein and vegetables . ' " When she graduated and struggled to find work , she ate even worse . Though she lived in Savannah , Georgia , a walking city , she never went to the gym and could n't combat the excess calories she was consuming . At 5 ' 8 " , her body mass index was 38 .  Over 30 is considered obese . In 2011 , Victoria married Lyndsay Rosenlund in a small private ceremony with family and friends in Washington state . The couple moved to Atlanta and started going out for dinner frequently with friends . But the day after her high school reunion , Victoria went into the pantry of their home and got rid of anything with more than a few ingredients on the label . She read about serving sizes and started using an app to count calories . She even bought a food scale . "  Honestly , all of it was kind of hard , " Victoria says . "  At 255 pounds , you do n't actually want to do anything . ... Exercising was hard because I was embarrassed . Nobody wants to be the fat girl working out . " So she stayed out of the gym , and started walking with Rosenlund and their dogs , Giuseppe and Romona . She walked for about an hour every morning and an hour every night . Eventually she gained enough confidence to jog . Now she runs 5Ks . "  We tried running together when we first started our journey , but it turns out I hate running , " Rosenlund says . "  However , we both enjoy hiking so we try and hike every chance we get . " The couple also tried to limit how often they ate out . When they did go to a restaurant , they made a game plan and made smarter choices . Water instead of beer . Balsamic vinaigrette instead of ranch dressing . Victoria swears she never goes hungry . She relies on big salads , air-popped corn and lean protein to keep her full without a lot of calories . With these simple strategies , she lost about 2 pounds a week . Rosenlund also lost 50 pounds . Victoria now wears a size 6 and has maintained her final weight of 150 pounds for nearly a year . "  Morgan has a lot more energy and less anxiety , " Rosenlund says . "  I think that the weight loss has definitely improved her outlook on life . " "  I feel amazing , " Victoria agrees . "  You feel totally different about yourself . You should n't feel all that from weight , but you do . "	Morgan Victoria had an "  aha " moment at her 10-year high school reunion Victoria went from a size 18 to a size 6 by eating less and moving more Victoria and her wife , Lyndsay , have lost a combined 150 pounds The couple walk several miles daily and go hiking often
Portsmouth , Virginia  CNN  -- Floating in a life raft with Hurricane Sandy raging around them , the crew of the HMS Bounty remained surprisingly calm and even told jokes after their ship rolled them into the Atlantic , survivors said . Testifying Friday before a Coast Guard hearing , former Bounty third mate Daniel Cleveland and boatswain Laura Groves revealed breathtaking details about the shipwreck last fall that left a deckhand dead and the captain missing . The vessel and its crew of 16 were heading from New London , Connecticut , to St. Petersburg , Florida , when it ran into Sandy 's vicious winds and waves 90 miles off North Carolina . The ship began taking on water and eventually it lost power to its pumps and engines . In the 4 a.m. darkness of October 25 , Capt. Robin Walbridge gave the order they all knew was coming : abandon ship . Dressed in red survival suits , they stood on deck preparing to take to their lifeboats . Suddenly 50-mph winds and up to 30-foot waves flipped the ship horizontally , tossing the crew overboard . It was chaos . "  Everybody panicked at that point , " said Groves , fighting back tears as she described the struggle to keep their heads above water . Cleveland said he recalled being "  thrown around , caught on stuff and underneath stuff and being hit by things . " While they were treading water under the Bounty 's huge sails , the wind began slamming the sail rigging down "  on all of us repeatedly , " said Groves . "  We were doing our best to swim away from the boat and the rig . " Cleveland , Groves and a few other crew members found a large piece of wood grating that kept them afloat . "  We were all looking for each other , " Cleveland said , "  but all you could see was a bunch of red suits and there was a lot of yelling . " In a stroke of luck , the crew clinging to the wood grating found a floating capsule containing an inflatable life raft . With some difficulty they inflated the raft and got inside . They had seen a Coast Guard aircraft circling overhead , giving them confidence a rescue helicopter would arrive soon . "  We were there for a while telling jokes and stuff , " said Cleveland . "  No one was in a bad mood -- crying or anything . " He said they talked about the terrifying experience they 'd just been through and "  what we were going to do when we got home . " "  At some point we sang a few sea shanties , " recalled Groves . "  We were in relatively good spirits . " Dawn broke , followed by the the sound of a Coast Guard chopper , which dropped a rescue swimmer down to the life raft . "  He said , ` Hi , I 'm Dan , ' " Groves remembered . " ' I heard you guys need a ride . Let 's get out of here . ' " While the swimmer was helping survivors get out of the life raft , it flipped upside down . "  We all thought we were going to drown again , " remembered Groves . Instead , they swam out of the raft and held on to the outside until the chopper hoisted them to safety . Related : Watch Bounty survivors being rescued Meanwhile the Bounty -- a replica of an 18th-century sailing ship that was longer than half a football field and weighed about a million pounds -- was descending to the bottom of the Atlantic . During his testimony , Cleveland was asked about the last time he saw deckhand Claudene Christian , 42 . More than three months after the shipwreck , the exact circumstances surrounding her death remain unclear . Before the ship rolled , Cleveland said he remembered holding Christian 's hand as he helped her and other crew members prepare to launch the life rafts . Searchers found Christian 's body later that evening . Related : Claudene Christian 's mutineer connection The final glimpse Cleveland got of Walbridge , 63 , was just before the ship went on its side . Walbridge 's body has not been found . His widow said she believes the captain died trying to help Christian escape . Related : Bounty 's captain was ` my soul mate ' Bounty was much more than a creaky 50-year-old wooden tourist attraction . It was a bona fide Hollywood star , featured in the 1962 film version of "  Mutiny on the Bounty , " which starred Marlon Brando , and more recently in the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise that starred Johnny Depp . But it also was a ship where inexperienced sailors could learn seafaring skills that go back hundreds of years . The hearings , which include the National Transportation Safety Board , could lead to federal recommendations aimed at improving safety for other ships like the Bounty . Investigators in this military shipyard region near the mouth of Chesapeake Bay have been asking two basic questions : Was the Bounty fit to sail in rough weather ? And did the ship needlessly sail into harm 's way ? About two months before the disaster , Walbridge , a master sailor with a lifetime of experience at sea , played down the seriousness of sailing through bad weather . "  Have we run into stormy seas ? We chase hurricanes , " Walbridge said in a video interview posted on YouTube . "  You do n't want to get in front of it , " he said . "  You want to stay behind it , but you also get a good ride out of a hurricane . " Asked about that comment by Walbridge , Cleveland testified that the captain did n't mean literally chasing hurricanes . "  It means we are trying to follow them into a navigable , safer " area of the storm , he said . The idea was "  getting behind it , in a safe place " to make use of its favorable winds . "  You do n't want to be in its path . " Before the ship set sail from New London , the crew was very aware of the approaching hurricane , Cleveland said . Walbridge gathered them for a meeting in which he "  mentioned his experience with hurricanes and he said if anybody wanted to leave there would be no hard feelings , no begrudging . " "  I believed him , " said Cleveland , who was then asked if the crew were offered paid expenses home . "  In my experience , if you choose to leave , you would have to find your own way home . " "  Nobody decided to leave , " Cleveland said . Walbridge said he wanted to "  make tracks " to the south and east as fast as possible , Cleveland said , so the vessel could position itself to get the best winds from Sandy . The captain believed , Cleveland said , that his ship would be safer riding Sandy out at sea , instead of waiting for the storm to hit them in New London . Cleveland said he agreed with that point of view , but there were also good arguments to remain in port . Bounty first mate John Svendsen testified Tuesday that Walbridge was n't chasing Sandy , but the captain had said "  the ship was safer at sea . " Svendsen testified that as the storm worsened on October 29 , he advised Walbridge to abandon ship more than once over a short period . "  He said , ' I think we have more time . ' " When Svendsen made a third request to the captain to abandon ship , he said Walbridge finally gave the order . While the 13 other crew members , including Groves and Cleveland , made it safely to two life rafts , Svendsen spent three hours floating alone in his survival suit before Coast Guard rescuers saw his emergency beacon . The Coast Guard said its goal for the investigation is to determine as much as possible about the cause of the tragedy and whether it was linked to equipment or material failure . Investigators are looking for evidence of "  misconduct , inattention to duty , negligence or willful violation of the law . " Did Walbridge make a fatal error ? People who were n't there have no right to pass judgment , the captain 's widow , Claudia McCann , said last week from her home in St. Petersburg . Although it 's not a criminal hearing , Bounty owner Robert Hansen declined to testify , citing his Fifth Amendment constitutional protections against self-incrimination . Evidence could be forwarded to federal prosecutors . In Thursday 's testimony , Todd Kosakowski of Maine 's Boothbay Harbor Shipyard said he raised doubts about Bounty 's seaworthiness weeks before it sailed into the storm . He said he told Walbridge he was worried about rotting wood in the Bounty 's frame . Walbridge , Kosakowski said , decided against fixing the rot . "  I believe that that could have had an impact on the strength of the vessel , " Kosakowski said . Joe Jakomovicz , a retired manager who worked at the shipyard for four decades , told investigators he disagreed with Kosakowski 's analysis . The decay of the Bounty 's timbers , he said , was n't as bad as Kosakowski 's assessment . "  He 's basing his judgment on probably five or six years of experience , " Jakomovicz testified . Claudene Christian 's father , Rex , and her mother -- who shares her daughter 's first name but goes by Dina -- were also at the hearing . For now , they 've declined to speak with reporters . Their daughter was relatively new to sailing , and told friends in May how excited she was to join the Bounty . A former beauty queen , Christian also said she was a descendant of Fletcher Christian , the infamous mutineer on the real HMS Bounty 220 years ago . On Friday , her mother sat silently at the side of the hearing room , dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief and sometimes taking notes . The memory of Claudene Christian took a seat at the proceding almost as real as any of the participants . Several questions focused on the energetic deckhand who had virtually no experience aboard a tall ship , let alone riding out hurricanes . When Cleveland helped her move toward the back of the ship , shortly before it went horizontal , he "  told her to stay low . I told her to go aft and to grab the next person I would hand her to . " She never made it home . During a brief recess , Christian 's parents paused at a window near the hearing room in this shipyard town , their arms around each other , looking across the Elizabeth River flowing toward the sea . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Third mate : Crew remained calm after Sandy tossed them into the Atlantic Coast Guard hearings look for possible negligence Before leaving port , captain gave crew option to go home Shipyard representative says Bounty had rotted frame
Little more than a week after it suspended "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson for incendiary remarks about homosexuality , the cable channel A&E said Friday that it would include him in future tapings of the reality television show , effectively lifting the suspension amid a flurry of petitions in support of Robertson . "  After discussions with the Robertson family , as well as consulting with numerous advocacy groups , A&E has decided to resume filming Duck Dynasty later this spring with the entire Robertson family , " the channel said in a statement . In an apparent gesture to the advocacy groups , A&E said that it would "  also use this moment " to broadcast public service announcements "  promoting unity , tolerance and acceptance among all people . " Robertson 's son Willie wrote on Twitter on Friday evening , "  Back to work !!! So proud of all the fans of the show and family . Ole Phil may be a little crude but his heart is good . He 's the Real Deal ! " The announcement came nine days after A&E originally suspended Robertson . It was immediately perceived as a victory by some of the conservative groups that had protested the suspension . One headline on the influential Drudge Report on Friday evening was "  A&E CAVES " ; another read , "  Gay Activists Group Delivered Stinging Defeat . " Chris Stone , founder of Faith Driven Consumer , the group that gathered 260,000 signatures on a petition at IStandWithPhil.com , said in a Friday night statement that he and individuals like him would "  remain vigilant as we measure whether A&E 's actions reflect true tolerance , diversity , and mutual respect -- including their equal embrace of our biblically based values and deeply held beliefs . " The comments from Stone and other advocates signaled that "  Duck Dynasty " has become a weapon in the culture wars -- and will continue to be . A&E said on December 18 that it was placing Robertson "  under hiatus from filming indefinitely " due to the cast member 's controversial comments to a GQ magazine interviewer . When the interviewer asked Robertson what he thought was sinful , he replied , "  Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there . Bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men . " Robertson used language that his family later described as "  coarse . " At one point he remarked that "  it seems like , to me , a vagina -- as a man -- would be more desirable than a man 's anus . That 's just me . I 'm just thinking : There 's more there ! She 's got more to offer . I mean , come on , dudes ! " Furthermore , Robertson said that when he was growing up in Louisiana in the pre-civil rights era , "  I never , with my eyes , saw the mistreatment of any black person . Not once . " He continued , "  Where we lived was all farmers . The blacks worked for the farmers . I hoed cotton with them . I 'm with the blacks , because we 're white trash . We 're going across the field . ... They 're singing and happy . I never heard one of them , one black person , say , ' I tell you what : These doggone white people ' -- not a word ! Pre-entitlement , pre-welfare , you say : Were they happy ? They were godly ; they were happy ; no one was singing the blues . " When the comments were published by GQ , gay rights groups , including GLAAD  formerly the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  , and civil rights groups , including the Human Rights Campaign , alerted A&E . The channel moved quickly to express disappointment in the comments and put Robertson on the bench . But it said the action would n't affect any previously taped episodes of the hugely popular reality show . One season 's worth of episodes featuring Robertson had already been taped , so the suspension would only have affected future tapings in 2014 . An assortment of conservative and religious groups immediately and loudly protested the suspension decision by A&E , which is jointly owned by The Walt Disney Company and Hearst . Speculation ensued about whether "  Duck Dynasty " would come to an end , at least on A&E . Some advocates said they hoped that a channel with overtly religious values would rescue the show . The Robertson family stoked the speculation by issuing a statement that said , "  We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but , as a family , we can not imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm . We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of ` Duck Dynasty . ' " Inside A&E , a sudden end to "  Duck Dynasty " was never seriously contemplated . The show is enormously profitable for A&E and , executives there pointed out in private , for the Robertsons , too .  Any shopper strolling through Walmart , where the aisles are stocked with "  Duck Dynasty " gear , would recognize that . But A&E executives felt they had to send a message of disapproval after seeing Robertson 's comments to GQ , partly because some of the channel 's own staffers were offended by the interview . The suspension announced on December 18 sent that message -- and shortly thereafter , the channel and the Robertsons ' representatives started to discuss a path forward . "  We knew we had a great partnership with the family , " said an A&E executive , speaking on condition of anonymity because the channel and the family had agreed not to say anything publicly aside from Friday 's statements . Talks between the two sides took place on Christmas Eve , paused on Christmas , and resumed on Thursday , leading to Friday 's announcement . While some observers accused A&E of backing down , some of the advocacy groups that were originally dismayed by Robertson 's remarks on homosexuality begged to differ . "  It 's not really a reversal , " Fred Sainz , a representative of the Human Rights Campaign , told CNN 's Brianna Keilar in a telephone interview on Friday . "  We think it 's actually a positive outcome , and we want to thank A&E for their attentiveness and collaboration over the course of the last few weeks . " Sainz said that his group was "  heartened " by A&E 's plans for the public service announcement campaign . A spokesman for A&E declined to comment on whether Robertson or other "  Duck Dynasty " cast members would participate in the campaign , but the channel is said to be hopeful that at least some of the cast members will . "  We 've received assurances also that the Robertson family is now open to working with African-American and  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  people to address the real harm that such anti-gay and racist comments can cause , " Sainz said on CNN . "  That 's been our ` ask ' since Phil 's comments ran in GQ , and while it 's a positive step , it certainly can not and should not be the last one . " GLAAD took a more adversarial stance , stating Friday night that "  Phil Robertson should look African American and gay people in the eyes and hear about the hurtful impact of praising Jim Crow laws and comparing gay people to terrorists . If dialogue with Phil is not part of next steps then A+E has chosen profits over African American and gay people -- especially its employees and viewers . " For supporters of groups like GLAAD , the "  Duck Dynasty " debate was primarily about whether offensive depictions of minorities -- what GLAAD called "  vile and extreme stereotypes " -- were acceptable in public discourse . These people said no . For supporters of Robertson , including a number of conservative politicians , the debate was about whether a deeply religious man had the right to speak freely about the tenets of his faith . These people said yes . To some degree the two sides talked past each other while the Robertson suspension became national news . Bobby Jindal , the Republican governor of Louisiana , who suggested on December 19 that A&E did not believe in the First Amendment , said Friday that he was glad the channel 's executives "  came to their senses and recognized that tolerance of religious views is more important than political correctness . " Jindal added , "  Today is a good day for the freedoms of speech and religious liberty . The left is going to have to get accustomed to the fact that it does not have a monopoly on free speech and is not the only group who is permitted to voice its opinion in the public square . The left may control Hollywood , but they do n't control the hearts and minds of a majority of Americans . "	"  Ole Phil may be a little crude but his heart is good , " Willie Robertson says on Twitter "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson was suspended by A&E The suspension followed Robertson 's remarks about homosexuality and race A&E now says the show will resume "  with the entire Robertson family "
CNN  -- For the makers of electronic cigarettes , today we are living in the Wild West -- a lawless frontier where they can say or do whatever they want , no matter what the consequences . They are free to make unsubstantiated therapeutic claims and include myriad chemicals and additives in e-cigarettes . Big Tobacco desperately needs new nicotine addicts and is up to its old tricks to make sure it gets them . E-cigarettes are being aggressively marketed to children with flavors like Bazooka Bubble Gum , Cap'n Crunch and Cotton Candy . Joe Camel was killed in the 1990s , but cartoon characters are back promoting e-cigarettes . Many e-cigarettes look like Marlboro or Camel cigarettes . Like their old-Hollywood counterparts , glamorous and attractive celebrities are appearing on TV promoting specific e-cigarette brands . Free samples are even being handed out on street corners . A report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows the promotion of e-cigarettes is reaching our children with alarming success . In just one year , e-cigarette use doubled among high school and middle school students , and 1 in 10 high school students have used an e-cigarette . Altogether , 1.78 million middle and high school students nationwide use e-cigarettes . The three largest cigarette companies are all selling e-cigarettes . Because tobacco use kills more than 400,000 people each year and thousands more successfully quit , the industry needs to attract and addict thousands of children each day , as well as keep adults dependent to maintain its huge profits . Nicotine is a highly addictive substance , whether delivered in a conventional cigarette or their electronic counterparts . The potential harm from exposure to secondhand emissions from e-cigarettes is unknown . Two initial studies have found formaldehyde , benzene and tobacco-specific nitrosamines  a well-known carcinogen  coming from those secondhand emissions . We commend New York City recently for banning the use of e-cigarettes indoors . No e-cigarette has been approved by the FDA as a safe and effective product to help people quit smoking . Yet many companies are making claims that e-cigarettes help smokers quit . When smokers are ready to quit , they should call 1-800-QUIT NOW or talk with their doctors about using one of the seven FDA-approved medications proven to be safe and effective in helping smokers quit . According to one study , there are 250 different e-cigarette brands for sale in the U.S. today . With so many brands , there is likely to be wide variation in the chemicals -- intended and unintended -- that each contain . In 2009 , lab tests conducted by the FDA found detectable levels of toxic cancer-causing chemicals -- including an ingredient used in anti-freeze -- in two leading brands of e-cigarettes and 18 various e-cigarette cartridges . There is no safe form of tobacco . Right now , the public health and medical community or consumers have no way of knowing what chemicals are contained in an e-cigarette or what the short and long term health implications might be . Commonsense regulation of e-cigarettes by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is urgently needed . In the absence of meaningful oversight , the tobacco industry has free rein to promote their products as "  safe " without any proof . A proposal to regulate e-cigarettes and other tobacco products has been under review at the White House Office of Management and Budget since October 1 , 2013 . The Obama administration must move forward with these rules to protect the health of everyone , especially our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harold P. Wimmer .	Harold Wimmer : New York City was right to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors Wimmer : Industry has free rein to promote e-cigarettes as "  safe " without proof Report shows that e-cigarettes are reaching our children with alarming success , he says Wimmer : The FDA should regulate e-cigarettes and find out what chemicals they contain
CNN  -- A Northwestern University professor who allowed a couple to demonstrate a sex toy in front of students apologized Saturday , saying he regrets upsetting people and should not have allowed it . While psychology Professor J. Michael Bailey called the incident a "  mistake , " he also said the February 21 incident provoked important debate about issues including academic freedom and the effect of sexual attitudes on education . "  I am sorry that these issues that are important have been raised in this way , instead of directly through words and arguments in the classroom , " Bailey told CNN on Saturday . "  That said , now that they have been raised , let 's talk . " It was the first time Bailey has expressed regret for the incident , which drew national headlines . University President Morton Schapiro had said he was "  troubled and disappointed " by it and had ordered an investigation . The event took place in an optional after-class session for Bailey 's human sexuality course at the prestigious private university near Chicago . Bailey previously explained he wanted students to learn about sexual diversity and information from "  real people . " Students who witnessed the incident had been told repeatedly by a guest speaker that what was about to happen would be graphic , the professor said . About 100 students chose to attend following a larger lecture , affiliate WGN said . Bailey invited speaker Ken Melvoin-Berg , co-owner of Weird Chicago Tours , who brought a woman and a man for a discussion on the female orgasm . Melvoin-Berg suggested they demonstrate use of high-powered equipment they brought , said the professor , who agreed to the idea . Melvoin-Berg told CNN affiliate WLS that they received "  100 % positive feedback during and after " the demonstration , but some students left while it was happening . "  For me , I 'm glad I did n't see it . It was a little too explicit for me , and if I were in the class , if I would have stayed for the demonstration , I probably would have left . I know a couple of my friends did get up and leave , " student Diana Lorenzini told CNN affiliate WLS . Brianne Williams , another student , said "  Doctor Michael Bailey is one of our finest professors here , and his class is about opening people 's minds up . " Bailey said he was surprised the incident generated so much controversy . "  During a time of financial crisis , war and global warming , this story has been a top news story for more than two days , " he said in a statement posted on the WLS website . "  That this is so reveals a stark difference of opinion between people like me , who see absolutely no moral harm in what happened , and those who believe it was profoundly wrong . " Bailey told CNN he is receiving a "  tremendous amount of support " from colleagues , students , parents of students , alumni and academics from all over the world . As a researcher of human sexuality and sexual orientation , Bailey said he has encountered controversy over his work before and has even been attacked because of his research . The university , he said , has always been supportive and tolerant . "  I have felt at least some regret since before this story ever broke , and the more I thought about it , the worse I felt for some of my colleagues at Northwestern who are upset about it , including the president , " he said . "  It makes his job harder and the benefit to students certainly did not justify the degree to which it has hurt Northwestern at least these past few days . " Bailey said he is working with undergraduate students to arrange an event that includes "  high-level discussion and debate " about the incident , and that he hopes to have Schapiro 's input for the event . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report	NEW : The Northwestern professor now says benefit to students did n't justify harm to school He had allowed a couple to demonstrate a sex toy in after-class session The university president was "  troubled " by the incident
CNN  -- A Tijuana , Mexico , police officer will appear in a U.S. federal court next week after being arrested on a charge of possession with intent to distribute almost 20 pounds of heroin and methamphetamine . Noe Raygoza-Garcia , 33 , was indicted Thursday and was scheduled to appear in court Wednesday , but because of "  documentary snafu " was never transported from a prison in San Bernandino , California , said Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Carlo DiCesare . Raygoza-Garcia 's arraignment was rescheduled to April 9 . According to an affidavit from U.S. Border Patrol agent Kevin Legg , authorities were conducting anti-smuggling operations on March 17 in Fallbrook , California . They were monitoring Interstate 15 , a popular smuggling route , about 70 miles north of the Mexican border when Raygoza-Garcia passed in a red Dodge Neon . "  As the vehicle approached , the agents immediately noticed that the vehicle reduced its speed drastically , " forcing cars behind it to go around , the affidavit said . The Border Patrol agents pulled alongside the car and noticed a single key in the ignition , which can be a sign that a car contains contraband , the affidavit said . The agents dropped about 10 car lengths behind the Neon , according to the affidavit , and noticed the driver cross over the dividing line . "  The agents believed that  Raygoza-Garcia  was fixated on the position of the marked service vehicle behind  him  instead of focusing on the road ahead of him , " the affidavit said . The agents pulled closer to the Neon and noticed the driver was driving 45 to 50 mph , "  well below the posted speed limit , " and Raygoza-Garcia "  appeared to be gripping the steering wheel very tightly " when he passed a Riverside County police vehicle . Using their laptop to check the vehicle , authorities learned it had crossed into the United States that morning . At the border , records showed , the driver was Eduardo Guadalupe Sanchez-Hernandez , who did not look like Raygoza-Garcia , the affidavit said . They pulled over the vehicle , and when Raygoza-Garcia exited the vehicle , he "  nearly fell to the ground and was shaking excessively , " according to the affidavit . He told the agents he had a valid visa and was nervous about being pulled over , the affidavit said . Raygoza-Garcia further told agents that he was going to San Bernandino to visit his dying uncle , but when asked the location , he said he did n't know , according to the affidavit . He also told agents that he had driven the car over the border himself and that the vehicle belonged to his friend , whom he knew only as "  Eduardo , " the affidavit said . When agents told Raygoza-Garcia that records showed he had crossed the border as a pedestrian , he "  started pacing and they noticed a change in the tone of his voice , " the affidavit said . He then recanted his story and said he borrowed his friend 's car after crossing the border . He said he did n't know why he had n't crossed with his friend , the affidavit said . Asked if there was anything illegal in the car , Raygoza-Garcia said he did n't know and gave the agents permission to search it using a dog , the affidavit said . The dog indicated there were drugs in the car . In the glove compartment , agents found a socket with a star-shaped pattern matching bolts in the rear seat area . They removed the backrest , where they found "  bundles of narcotics , " six square packages and five "  misshapen , non-compressed packages , " according to the affidavit . The square ones tested positive for heroin and the misshapen ones tested positive for methamphetamine , the agents said in an affidavit . The indictment says Raygoza-Garcia was charged with possessing 6 kilograms  13.2 pounds  of heroin and 2.8 kilograms  6.2 pounds  of methamphetamine . Raygoza-Garcia 's court-appointed federal public defender did not immediately return calls from CNN . Raygoza-Garcia is being held without bond and faces a 10-year mandatory minimum sentence and a maximum penalty of life in prison if found guilty of possession with intent to distribute . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Tijuana police officer 's arraignment postponed until next week because of "  snafu " Border Patrol agents pulled Noe Raygoza-Garcia over last month in California Affidavit : He was "  shaking excessively " and did n't know where his dying uncle lived Agents say they found 13 pounds of heroin and 6 pounds of methamphetamine in car
CNN  -- For months now , platoons of politicians have been filling the air with words . But today , if only for a few minutes , can we forget about the politicians and express our sympathy for one of the words ? It 's such an amiable word : a word that is friendly and easygoing and nonconfrontational , a word that would never want to get dragged into a fight like this . Yet it is there anyway , caught between practiced brawlers . The word ? "  Moderate . " If you have found yourself paying attention to the presidential campaign that is going to be with us until November , you have heard the word . Repeatedly . Two of the candidates in the Republican primaries -- Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum -- have used the word regularly to assail one of their opponents , Mitt Romney . "  Massachusetts moderate , " Gingrich has said of Romney , over and over , with unmistakable derision . Santorum has called Romney a "  mushy moderate , " and has said that delegates at an open Republican convention "  are not going to nominate a moderate Massachusetts governor . " Now , Romney and Santorum and Gingrich are all experienced politicians . They know what they 're doing , and they can duke this out among themselves . The purpose of today 's column is not to discuss which of them would make a better president , or whether Barack Obama is a better president than any one of them would be . We 'll find out about that soon enough . But just how exactly did "  moderate " become a political dirty word ? It does n't sting -- you would n't think anyone would consider it a killshot . If one politician calls another a left-winger , or a right-winger , or a communist , or a fascist , or a radical ... now those are words meant to provoke . But to use "  moderate " as a weapon ? Is this really supposed to rile up the American people ? Are voters supposed to say : "  I do n't want that guy anywhere near the White House . He 's a moderate ! " To most people 's way of thinking , "  moderation " has always meant balance , carefulness , calm deliberation , evenhandedness , dispassion , impartiality , judiciousness . It is traditionally a conscientious objector in the universe of bellicose language . Moderate weather is lovely weather . How are we best advised to eat and drink ? In moderation . "  Moderation , " in the world of words , is the common-sense good buddy , walking the straight and narrow . It has ever been thus , down through history . "  Out of moderation a pure happiness springs , " said the German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . "  Moderation in people who are contented comes from that calm that good fortune lends to their spirit , " said the French author Francois de La Rochefoucauld . "  Keep a mid course between two extremes , " said the Roman poet Ovid . Aristotle , the Greek philosopher , may or may not have said the actual words that are often attributed to him -- "  Moderation in all things " -- but he unquestionably believed in the principle . So what 's going on here ? In search of an answer , I turned not to Ovid or Aristotle , but to Cal Thomas , the conservative columnist and commentator whose love of language is as passionate as his interest in politics . Thomas is resolute in his conservative beliefs , but he has always shown a willingness to at least listen to the other side . He and liberal Bob Beckel write a regular column for USA Today called "  Common Ground , " where they seek to find precisely that : a meeting place where ideas helpful to America may be worked out . So , Cal : What exactly does "  moderate " mean as it is being used in the present political free-for-all ? "  In today 's vernacular , " Thomas said , " ` moderate ' has come to mean that you have no fixed principles , that everything can be negotiated away because all that matters is ` the deal . ' " He continued : " ` Moderate ' has also come to mean liberal on taxation , regulation and the social issues . " We were conducting our conversation by e-mail , so I could n't see his face as he typed the next sentence . But , knowing his long understanding of politics and the people who practice it , I have a feeling he was smiling . Of "  moderate , " he wrote : "  It is a label that means whatever the person applying it wants it to mean . " In the current context , he 's probably right . But will it work ? Come the general election , will Americans band together and slam the door in the face of that dreaded quality , moderation ? It would seem doubtful . This is a pretty centrist country . The one other time that moderation was referred to with such disapproval on the national political stage was in 1964 , when Barry Goldwater , the Republican standard-bearer for president , famously said , in accepting the nomination : "  I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue . " What Goldwater was trying to get across was that one must fight for one 's principles . He was echoing the words and stances of ancient Rome 's Marcus Tullius Cicero and also of early America 's Thomas Paine , who said : "  Moderation in temper is always a virtue ; but moderation in principle is always a vice . " It was a distinction largely lost on the electorate . Goldwater was never able to recover from the controversy over that speech , and Lyndon Johnson -- whose strategists used Goldwater 's words to hammer the thought into voters ' minds that someone who spoke well of extremism might be an extremist -- won in a landslide . But this is n't about landslides or squeakers . It 's about that mild-mannered little word that has suddenly found itself turned into an epithet . When the dust of 2012 has cleared , and the election is over , that word -- wounded , staggering , wondering just what in tarnation happened to it -- will do its best to go on with its life . It may even allow itself to get angry . Moderately . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Politicians have been tossing around the word "  moderate " like it 's an insult He says GOP rivals deride Mitt Romney as a "  mushy " Massachusetts moderate But word connotes balance , care , evenhandedness , Greene says He says Americans are pretty centrist and the word will survive 2012 beating
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional Republicans are seeking more details on President Barack Obama 's plan to reduce gun violence in schools . In letters to members of Obama 's Cabinet , they requested information about the president 's time frame and funding plans for the implementation of 23 executive actions on gun control enacted in mid-January in response to the elementary school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , in December . Additionally , they want to know how the president 's Congressional proposals will relate to mental health programs currently in place for students . The leaders of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce sent letters to Attorney General Eric Holder , Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Housing and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . "  While we agree we can not stop every senseless act of violence , we share the president 's commitment to reviewing the facts and evaluating proposed and existing policies and programs intended to help teachers , principals , and parents protect their children , " the letter to Holder says . Signed by Committee Chairman John Kline , R-Minnesota , and Subcommittee Chairmen Todd Rokita , R-Indiana , and Virginia Foxx , R-North Carolina , the letter also asks what "  legislative authority the department is expected to invoke to carry out the executive actions . " In his January speech , Obama said , "  To make a real and lasting difference , Congress , too , must act -- and Congress must act soon . " He called on the legislative branch to pass laws requiring universal background checks for anyone trying to buy a gun , to restore a ban on military-style assault weapons and to limit magazine rounds and to help law enforcement be tougher on people who buy guns with the purpose of selling them to criminals .	House Education Committee seeks more information on Obama 's school safety plan Members want to know the time line and cost of the executive actions Obama called on Congress to act in wake of Newtown school shooting
CNN  -- "  The stupidity is simply staggering , " Rep. Charlie Dent , a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania , told Roll Call . He was referring to the political miscalculation of anti-abortion forces in the House Judiciary Committee who insisted this week on reviving the culture wars , years behind us , still again , with yet another proposed abortion bill . This bill , championed by Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks , sought to ban abortions after 20 weeks nationwide , with no exceptions for victims of rape or incest . "  I 'll be very frank : I discouraged our leadership from bringing this to a vote on the floor , " Dent said . My e-mail box was flooded with headlines that began "  This again ? " and "  This ... is the GOP 's idea of outreach to women ? Really ? " and "  He said what ? " The latter referred to a remark by Franks , chairman of the committee , that "  incidents of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low , " as a justification for the bill ignoring rape and incest victims . Democrats on the Judiciary Committee were apparently willing to allow the time when an abortion is legal to be reduced by one month . They sought to add exceptions for rape , incest and the woman 's health -- all of which were rejected by Republicans on the panel . But it appears the House Republican leaders , recognizing a train wreck , added the language to the bill anyway to avoid an embarrassing defeat . The bill will also include an exception for a medical emergency in which the woman might die . This new altered version goes before the Rules Committee on Monday . There are , by the way , 22 Republicans on the Judiciary Committee . All men . Not a single woman . It 's hard to avoid inflammatory remarks when discussing rape . And the line between inflammatory and insulting is thin . It 's also porous . So if Franks thought he had to address the issue of rape , he should have done so judiciously . His remark says to women impregnated by rape : You do n't count . There are n't enough of you to matter . That 's not just insensitive ; it 's immoral . Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D-California , first pounced on the statement 's factual inaccuracy . "  I just find it astonishing to hear a phrase repeated that the incidence of pregnancy from rape is low , " she said . "  There 's no scientific basis for that . " Then Lofgren , one of five women among the Democratic minority on the committee , added , "  And the idea that the Republican men on this committee can tell the women of America that they have to carry to term the product of a rape is outrageous . " It might be that Franks ' argument , such as it is , echoed a comment by Missouri Republican Rep. Todd Akin , who claimed during his Senate campaign last fall that women 's bodies have a built-in mechanism to prevent impregnation from "  a legitimate rape . " Aiken 's candidacy went into a tailspin from that misinformed remark , and never recovered . Fact checkers have pointed to studies that indicate Franks ' claim is as suspect as Akin 's . One study by St. Lawrence University found that pregnancies resulting from rape were higher than from other instances . Franks later walked back his low-pregnancy-from-rape argument , saying he was not claiming it was harder to get pregnant from rape . Franks apparently based his claim on there being fewer pregnancies from rape than from consensual intercourse . Even so , that 's a "  Duh , do the math " excuse . GOP aides now say Rep. Marsha Blackburn will be managing Franks ' anti-abortion bill . Given her record -- "  no " votes on major equality or women-protection legislation and "  yea " for issues like ending federal funding for Planned Parenthood -- that 's hardly an improvement . And it misses the point . It 's not the who , it 's the what -- the argument itself does not stand . During the Judiciary debate , Franks said , "  When you make that exception , there 's usually a requirement to report the rape within 48 hours . And in this case that 's impossible . ... And that 's what completely negates and vitiates the purpose for such an amendment . " So , Franks ' argument then became a technical one , that if a rape was n't reported , a decision after 20 weeks to abort was made too late . But why is it too late ? Does psychological trauma have a timetable ? Each case of rape that produces a pregnancy is as individual as the woman who was raped . And the ordeal -- psychological , emotional , physical , spiritual -- is not term-limited . The issue of abortion raises real and poignant moral questions . Franks made many remarks that show his obvious , deeply felt , conviction that abortions after 20 weeks are wrong . But majorities in Congress and of Americans , also with deep conviction , came to a different conclusion : They feel compelled to support exceptions for rape , incest and health . Franks ' outrageous comment and the viewpoints of other Republicans on the Judiciary Committee illustrate that when one party becomes so narrowly composed that it represents a particular religious culture , we 're headed to what people in other countries face when a ruling party begins making laws from religious theology , without regard to a democratic , secular society -- thus excluding other religious viewpoints and dismissing those who suffer as too few to matter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Judiciary Republicans sought anti-abortion bill with no exception for rape , incest Judiciary chair Trent Franks : "  Incidents of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low " Donna Brazile : His remark tells women who got pregnant by rape they do n't count Brazile : House GOP finally added exception to the bill to avoid embarrassing defeat
Berlin  CNN  -- Bomb squads in Germany successfully defused on Sunday two bombs and disposed of an additional air-dropped military device that had caused an evacuation of historic proportions in a city in the country 's west . The 45,000 evacuated residents of the city of Koblenz , situated on the Rhine and Moselle Rivers , were allowed to return home . Workers rendered inert the two bombs , one 4,000-pound "  air mine " and a smaller high-density explosive bomb . Then they destroyed a third non-explosive device by way of a controlled detonation , according to the Koblenz fire department . The fire brigade had pre-warned the population about the controlled detonation to allay possible fears that one of the powerful bombs may have exploded . Life had come to a standstill in the western German city of Koblenz , where 45,000 people -- nearly half of the cityÂ ´ s population -- had been evacuated after the discovery of several dangerous World War II bombs . "  It 's the largest German evacuation since the end of the war , " fire brigade spokesman Ronald Eppelsheim said Sunday . For 65 years , the Rhine River hid two bombs and an fog-producing device that were dropped by American and British warplanes in the last years of the war . When water levels dropped to record lows last week , the bombs were finally found . The function of the fog-producing device was to block the vision of anti-aircraft personnel on the ground during WW II to make it harder for them to fire upon the allied planes carrying out the bombing mission . "  While time passed by , and Koblenz was rebuild  ing  , the bombs got even more dangerous , " bomb-disposal squad member Jurgen Wagner said Sunday . The largest of the explosives is a 1.8 metric ton British air bomb that has the potential to destroy the cityÂ ´ s center , according to the fire brigade . But the focus of attention was n't on the largest bomb -- it was on the much smaller , 125-kilogram  275-pound  American high-explosive bomb . It was "  transformed on impact of the earth " making it more difficult to deactivate the detonator , Wagner said . Last week , hundreds of volunteers started evacuating two hospitals and seven homes for senior citizens . A prison and numerous hotels are also affected by the shutdown . By mid-Sunday morning , authorities declared the center of Koblenz a "  forbidden area . " About 1,000 authorities were searching the town to make sure any left behind leave . The fire brigade built a wall of more than 2,500 sandbags since the bombs were found in the river . Water pumps draining part of the river help ensure the two four-men teams can defuse the bombs precisely . Eppelsheim said he is optimistic the operation will be successful . "  People in Koblenz are used to bomb findings , " he said . Despite the inconvenience for those evacuated , the situation could have been much worse . "  If we had found an even larger bomb , we would have been forced to evacuate all 100,000 citizens of Koblenz , " Eppelsheim said . The deactivation of bombs is a common practice in Germany . Last year , a bomb exploded in the German town Gottingen -- killing three members of a bomb-disposal squad . During World War II , an estimated 257 British air bombs were dropped on Koblenz alone , according to the local fire brigade . It is not known how many of them did not explode and have been forgotten . Bomb-disposal squads have only managed to deactivate three of them until now .	NEW : Teams successfully defused two bombs and a fog-screen device from World War II NEW : Buses are to transport residents back into the city after follow-up procedures Fire official : It was the largest evacuation in Germany since the end of World War II One of the bombs weighed 1.8 tons
CNN  -- When Grace Lieblein started her career in a car assembly plant at the age of 18 , she was a rare woman in a man 's world . Today , 34 years on , she is the newly appointed VP of global purchasing for General Motors , and trying to persuade more young women to reach the top in the car industry . Before her appointment earlier this week , Leiblein was president and managing director of General Motors , Brazil for a year and a half . She takes up her new post in Detroit at the end of January 2013 . "  I 'm honored that I was offered the position . It 's an important role in GM , " she said . "  This is a global job . I will be visiting other regions and seeing how things work . "  I think it 's the cool thing that  at  GM , not only do we have a lot of women in key leadership  roles  ... we have more women than any other automaker . i am proud our leadership believes in women in such positions . " Lieblein says she has "  gas in my veins . " She studied engineering at what was then General Motors Institute , now Kettering University , in Flint , Michigan , and has worked for the company ever since . Before moving to Brazil , she was chief engineer for vehicles such as the Buick Enclave and Chevy Traverse , and then president and managing director of General Motors in Mexico . "  My feeling was always , I 'm going to get in and I 'm going to do the best job that I can and I will build my credibility from there , " she said . "  With that attitude I was able to win over some skeptics , and for those who maybe did n't change their mind , I figured that 's their problem . That is not my problem . " Despite the progress , Lieblein is still working in a male-dominated environment . Women made up just under 21 % of employees in car manufacturing in the United States , and 16 % of executives and senior management , according to a 2010 Equal Opportunity Employment Commission report . Yet women buy 52 % of all new cars in the United States , and influence more than 85 % of sales , according to Forbes , so manufacturers should have a high incentive for reaching out to women . Lieblein recognized this while working as chief engineer for the launch of the Buick Enclave in 2008 . The car includes a dip in floor on the driver 's side for women wearing high heels . "  The vehicle line executive was a woman , I was a chief engineer as a woman , my assistant chief engineer was a woman , a lot of my development engineers were women , our vehicle line director was a woman " said Lieblein . "  I do n't know if the vehicle would have turned out differently if we had n't had been a part of it . "  When we were launching the Buick Enclave or the Chevrolet Traverse , we did a lot of connection with mommy bloggers because we saw them as some of our key customers . It was a really great opportunity . " To encourage others to follow her into the boardroom , Lieblein has mentored young women , making sure they get the right assignments to make the most of their career . "  I picked out five young women and I helped to move them where they needed to go , " she said . "  I was able to take  on  these women and I tried to make sure they got the right assignments . "  When they look at senior leaders , they think that their life can only be work . So one thing that I really try and share with young people is that you can have a successful career but also a successful family life as well . " Also on Leading Women : How Scandinavia 's ` CEO of ideas ' puts creativity into action While Lieblein and others have successfully risen through the ranks , the industry is struggling to attract and retain women in its senior positions . When Automotive News compiled its list of "  100 Leading Women in the North American Automotive Industry " in 2010 , it found fewer women in the most senior positions than on its previous list in 2005 . There were just two women CEOs in 2010 , down from five in 2005 , and 51 women with executive officer titles , compared with 64 in 2005 . Deloitte carried out a survey of the 100 leading women to find out what was going wrong . Its report "  Women at the Wheel " found 56 % of the women said their companies did not have an active recruitment program targeting women , and none thought the school system encouraged girls to pursue careers in the industry . One senior woman told the report that engineering needed to improve its image in line with the "  Hollywood-ization " of other careers such as medicine and law . There are programs encouraging women in the industry . The Detroit-based Automotive Women 's Alliance Foundation and the Women 's Automotive Association International both offer scholarships to help women pursue careers in the industry . Also on Leading Women : Your top-flight lawyer ? She 's a stay-at-home mom In the UK , Sarah Sillars , outgoing executive chair of the Institute of the Motor Industry , which represents car retailers , is about to take over as chief executive of the Sector Skills Council for Science , Engineering and Manufacturing Technologies . "  We have got an image problem , and I do n't think the industry has done enough to educate teachers , parents and careers advisers about opportunities and what it 's like to work in the motor trade , " said Sillars . "  There are lots of companies that go into schools in their localities , but we need to do that on a broader scale . " She said getting more girls to consider a career in engineering would be one of her top three priorities in her new job at the Sector Skills Council . Lieblein , too , believes the task starts in schools , persuading girls to consider engineering . "  What we can do is really try and reach out to girls in middle school and high school , and talk to them about math and science , " she said . "  We need to reach out to those young girls and make them see that they have the capability and then show them how engineering can be exciting . "	Women influence more than 85 % of new car purchases But they make up less than 21 % of the U.S manufacturing industry workforce Grace Lieblein worked as General Motors engineer for 34 years , is now company president in Brazil Fewer women in senior management positions in 2010 than in 2005 , according to Automotive News
CNN  -- The Supreme Court tried mightily to wade through a cloud of bureaucratic regulations Monday over setting clear air standards , a high-stakes environmental and economic fight pitting the Obama administration against a coalition of states and utilities . The justices on Monday heard six separate appeals , which were consolidated into more than 100 minutes of often dense oral arguments . A ruling is expected by June . At issue is narrow , but potentially far-reaching -- whether the Environmental Protection Agency can tighten emissions standards for "  stationary " greenhouse gas sources , such as power plants , in what the administration says is an effort to stem the effects of climate change and global warming . In the larger political sphere , this issue could be major test of executive authority , with many conservative groups painting President Barack Obama as misusing his power and ignoring the will of the legislature . Obama just last week announced new executive rules to extend carbon emission standards to larger trucks and buses . The White House said ongoing stalemates on Capitol Hill prompted the President to act . Republicans in Congress and their allies have expressed similar concerns over discretionary executive branch changes and delays in implementing the Obamacare health reform law , a tepid federal response to recent state marijuana legalization , and a refusal to defend a law that did not recognize legally-married same-sex couples for federal purposes . The high court last summer struck down that provision in the federal Defense of Marriage Act . The Supreme Court , in 2007 , affirmed the conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases -- including carbon dioxide , methane and nitrous oxide emissions -- are an air pollutant , but that case dealt with emissions from motor vehicles . A range of business groups say the agency then improperly extended its regulatory authority to stationary sources . They worry the unchecked , expanded rules could someday apply to millions of other small carbon emitters -- schools , small businesses , and shopping malls . Defining "  air pollutant " within the context of greenhouse gases -- and the ability of the EPA to exercise its rulemaking authority absent what it says was a clear congressional mandate -- took up much of the courtroom debate . Justice Sonia Sotomayor said the half-dozen parties opposing the EPA can not even agree on defining an "  air pollutant " for regulatory purposes "  That to me is the quintessential ambiguity in a statute where we give deference to the " EPA , said Sotomayor . "  So if your side ca n't even come to one interpretation , why should n't we defer to the agency ? " But Justice Anthony Kennedy , who could prove the court 's decisive fifth vote , bluntly addressed U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli . "  I have to say in reading the brief for the states and reading your brief , I could n't find a single precedent that strongly supports your position , " he said . Texas and 16 other the states in the South and Midwest were among the parties whose cases are under review by the high court . The justices had previously rejected three other related appeals , including one from Virginia -- broader challenges to the EPA 's power over carbon emissions . A coalition of 15 states backs the White House . Some progressive groups worry the conservative majority Supreme Court has been overly friendly to corporate interests in recent years , and could rule in this case against the administration . But an outcome in this his case was not clear from the arguments . "  We have to think about it , along the parameter of separation of powers and whether the way in which the agency has perceived it here has arrogated an exceptional and troubling degree of discretion to design its own climate change program , " Peter Keisler , the attorney representing the private groups bringing suit , told the court . Justice Elena Kagan , the most vocal backer of the administration , said the Clean Air Act was originally passed and amended before a clear understanding of the effect greenhouses gases were having on the planet . She said the EPA made a careful determination that they were different from pollution sources that cause breathing and other health problems , such as smog , and could apply different monitoring standards . "  What 's happened here is that you have this new kind of emission that basically makes these two terms of the statute irreconcilable , and the agency has essentially picked one , " said Kagan . "  It said : ` Look , we 're not going to just exempt a broad class of pollutants . Instead , we 're going to fudge the numbers . ' And why is n't that the more reasonable of the two things to do ? " she asked . Verrilli made clear the stakes in his oral presentation , telling the court that greenhouse gas emissions are "  an urgent environmental " issue . "  It 's the gravest environmental problem that we face now as far as EPA 's judgment , and it is one that gets worse with the passage of time , " he said . But some justices questioned the agency 's reach . "  Are greenhouse gases the only air pollutant for which EPA has the authority to change the statutory thresholds ? " asked Justice Samuel Alito . "  Could it do this for another pollutant , something other than any of the greenhouse gases ? " After Kennedy and Chief Justice John Roberts pressed the point , Verrilli suggested the EPA could broaden its discretionary authority , absent a specific congressional mandate . This is the second major environmental regulation case that will be heard this term . The justices in December heard arguments over the EPA 's ability to measure emissions from an upwind state that is polluting a downwind state , requiring upwind states to pay for greenhouse gas reductions . A ruling in that case is still pending . Many business groups hope the conservative majority will limit the reach of government in this and a range of regulatory areas , which the Chamber of Commerce and others say is hurting the economy and stifling innovation . The cases argued Monday are Chamber of Commerce of the United States v. EPA  12-1272  ; Texas v. EPA  12-1269  ; Southeastern Legal Foundation v. EPA  12-1268  ; Energy-Intensive Manufacturers Working Group on Greenhouse Gas Regulation v. EPA  12-1254  ; American Chemistry Council v. EPA  12-1248  ; and Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA  12-1146  .	Supreme Court hears six appeals during oral arguments Federal clean air standards at issue for states and utilities Cases could be a major test of executive authority for the White House
CNN  -- The picture says it all . Curtis D. Tucker was thrilled to receive a Farrah Fawcett poster for his 14th birthday in 1976 . The shot of 14-year-old Curtis D. Tucker shows him unrolling one of his birthday treasures in 1976 , mouth slightly agape and eyes intensely focused on the gift . The present was one he had fervently requested from his parents and a hot item for many a young , red-blooded male during that bicentennial year : a poster of Farrah Fawcett  then known as Farrah Fawcett-Majors  . "  I was a huge Farrah fan , " said Tucker , now a cartoonist and entrepreneur living in Enid , Oklahoma . "  I had started collecting all of the magazines and pictures and I was basically pinning up every picture that came out of every magazine . Then along came that poster . " "  That poster " reportedly became the best-selling of all time -- with more than 12 million copies sold -- and helped make Fawcett one of the last great pinups . A private funeral is scheduled Tuesday at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in downtown Los Angeles , California , for the actress who died at the age of 62 from cancer . With her famously thick blond hair , red swimsuit , and smile as big and bright as the California sun , the actress was the epitome of the wholesome , all-American girl . "  She was full of life and so happy with that blond hair and that huge smile , " said Tucker , who is n't sure if he still has the poster in his attic . "  Without that poster , I do n't think she would have become what she was . " That freshness and beauty is what landed her poster on Tucker 's , and countless others ' , bedroom walls . Maria Elena Buszek , the author of "  Pin-up Grrrls : Feminism , Sexuality , Popular Culture , " said pinups "  straddled the line between portraiture and pornography " and included early stage actresses , the famed models of Alberto Vargas and the most famous pinup of all , Bettie Page . Fawcett has her place in pinup history , said Buszek , an assistant professor of art history at Kansas City Art Institute , School of Liberal Arts . "  The Farrah Fawcett poster really is one of the last iconic pinup images of the 20th century , " Buszek said . "  By the 1970s , because of the sexual revolution and mores about sexuality becoming looser in the west , the pinup does start to become more nostalgic . " When the photo was taken , Fawcett had not yet become one of "  Charlie 's Angels , " the role which helped make her a star . She was instead better known for her commercials and ads , most notably -- and not surprisingly -- for Wella Balsam shampoo . Photographer Bruce McBroom shot the now iconic image and told Entertainment Weekly that the starlet was at the time a young innocent from Texas who did her own hair and makeup for the shoot . "  She had no idea of how beautiful and how attractive she was , I 'm sure , " McBroom recalled . "  She was just like apple-pie , girl-next-door kind of girl , and in all the years I knew her she never changed . " Now Fawcett 's image , which was considered racy at the time , is a huge part of nostalgia . Ken Leicht , a manager of Hollywood Book and Poster Company in Los Angeles , said that before Fawcett 's death , the poster was most in demand from production companies looking to stage the 1970s . "  That poster , that shot of her , is just one of the definitive images of that time , " Leicht said . "  Most of the time with the posters , the teen girls are driving the market , and Farrah is probably one of the last ones that was for the guys . " Leicht said actresses today , with the exception of a few like Pamela Anderson , do n't really opt to market themselves using posters anymore . iReport.com : Share your memories of Fawcett Matt Delzell , group account director for marketing and promotions agency The Marketing Arm , said that eventually the pinup transitioned more into supermodel pictures with the likes of Cindy Crawford , Claudia Schiffer and Elle MacPherson , as well as the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue . Fawcett had the crossover appeal that went beyond just being a model , Delzell said . "  The poster came along at a time when posters were popular and she had the right photographer and took the right photo , " Delzell said . iReport.com : Fawcett 's hairstyle was in high demand It certainly was the right shot for cartoonist Curtis D. Tucker . He was n't a big fan of "  Charlie 's Angels , " he said , so he was n't that distressed when Fawcett left after only a year . After all , he was still able to keep her close . "  The poster was something you had at home that you could look at every day , " said Tucker , who kept the image up for several years . "  I collected a few other pictures of some of the other Angels , but there was n't anybody else after Farrah . She was the last . "	Iconic poster of Farrah Fawcett reportedly best-selling of all time Image graced many a young man 's bedroom wall Professor : Poster "  one of the last iconic pinup images " Photographer says Fawcett "  had no idea of how beautiful " she was
CNN  -- Weather experts agree : When lightning strikes , it 's best to go indoors . But that advice did n't work for two women in the same Louisiana city who were hurt in lightning incidents about three weeks apart -- one in a grocery store and another in her home . On Monday , 33-year-old Lakeisha Brooks and her two children took shelter from a storm at a grocery store in Houma , Louisiana . Brooks said she was driving when the storm got severe so she decided to stop off and get some shopping done until it passed . While checking out her items she heard the thunder getting louder above her , when suddenly she felt a jolt of pain ricochet through her body . She realized it was lightning when she saw flashes , she said . "  I just felt this pain go right through me , " Brooks said . "  It happened in a blink of an eye . " The lightning strike caused her right shoe to fly off , leaving a black imprint on her foot where the straps had been . The tile beneath her shattered , leaving blisters on her leg and feet . The store 's assistant manager , Gene Moore , saw the incident . He said the current may have come through the store 's fire sprinkler system . "  The lightning knocked off the sprinkler system on the roof , " said Moore . "  The crackle was so loud . She was stunned . " Houma Police Chief Todd Duplantis says he has never heard of anything like this happening before . "  I 've been with the police department for 28 years . I 've never responded to a victim struck by lightning  indoors  . I 've heard of it on the outside , people walking outside , but I 've never heard of anyone being struck by lightning while grocery shopping , " he told CNN affiliate WWL . It was n't a first in Houma , a city of 34,000 about 50 miles southwest of New Orleans . About three weeks earlier , some two miles from the store where Brooks was hurt , another lightning strike hit Mona Billiot while she was cooking dinner in her kitchen . "  I tried to dodge it , " said Billiot . "  I was dazed , confused . I felt hot . My heart raced . " In 2012 , lightning strikes caused 28 deaths and 139 injuries in the United States , according to the National Weather Service . CNN 's Chief Medical Correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta said strikes are becoming increasingly more common . "  One in 3,000 people has a chance of being hit by lightning  in a lifetime  . Thankfully , very few people die , but it happens a lot more than people realize , " he said . Doctors ran tests on both Brooks and Billiot and say they will be OK . "  I 'm just getting to the realization that this happened , " Brooks said . "  It 's taken a toll on me . Each day is a new feeling . " Billiot credits God for her survival and said that , despite the pain , she could not help but appreciate lightning 's beauty . "  It 's really pretty -- the middle of a lightning bolt , " she said . "  It 's a shimmery , bright blue -- so bright it blinds you . "	Two women were two miles apart when lightning struck three weeks apart There is a 1-in-3 ,000 chance of being struck by lightning , says CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta Doctors say both women will be OK
Tosca Reno is defying the odds . At 53 , the author and fitness expert refuses to subscribe to the stereotypes that accompany her age . Instead , she is changing them . And , in the process , she 's encouraging others to change their lives . Reno , the author of 13 clean eating books , says the secret to being healthy and happy is eating clean . Her popular "  Eat-Clean Diet " encourages individuals to drink plenty of water and eat six small meals daily , including a combination of lean protein and complex carbohydrates . Put simply , clean eating is avoiding all processed food , relying on fresh fruits , vegetables and whole grains rather than prepackaged or fast food . "  It may sound counterintuitive , but eating clean allows you to eat more and weigh less because you are making smart food choices , " Reno said . "  I sometimes get criticized for using the word ` diet , ' but the Eat-Clean Diet really is a lifestyle change that leads to healthy , steady weight loss and healthy eating for life . " Reno 's advice to those wanting to change their lives is to first realize there is another way to live . "  This could come in the form of that ` a-ha ' moment , when you suddenly catch a glimpse of your lumpy reflection in a store window , or perhaps after you receive some bad news at the doctor 's office , " she said . "  You just need that opening , that moment , when you finally decide to give yourself permission to change . " Reno 's own "  a-ha moment " came at 40 . Unhealthy and in an unhappy marriage , she realized she must make changes . After divorcing her first husband , she began to see life differently . "  That was when I began seeing the world as having possibilities instead of limitations , " she said . Processed food linked to lower kids ' IQs At the time , Reno was overweight and was battling heart problems and hypoglycemia . She began going to the gym and decided to go back to school , where she met fitness guru Robert Kennedy , whom she later married . "  I did n't know who he was , but he said , ` Listen , I can get you into shape . ' I soon learned who Robert was -- an icon , " she said . Kennedy , recipient of the 2012 Arnold Sports Festival Lifetime Achievement Award , became highly regarded in the fitness industry after founding Robert Kennedy Publishing , which has published 53 books and produces six fitness magazines . Kennedy taught Reno how to eat healthily and work out , and Reno began seeing results . "  My physique changed . Everyone started asking questions ... I felt l was owning a secret -- that it is 80 % nutrition , 10 % training and 10 % genetics . " Reno revealed her healthy secrets in her first book , "  The Eat-Clean Diet . " Since then , she has developed a large following of readers . However , all the success in the world could not have prepared Reno for this past spring , when she lost Kennedy , her biggest champion , to lung cancer . She said eating clean has helped her manage her grief and maintain her strength . "  I have abundant energy . My emotional energy is strong , " she said . "  I feel like when you have the nutritional army at work inside of you , you are that much more able to ward off depression . " Reno said she is determined to make her late husband proud . In addition to taking the reins at Robert Kennedy Publishing , she will compete in a figure competition October 13 in his honor . In the competition , Reno will be judged on leanness , muscularity , muscle symmetry , evidence of athleticism , poise , grace and confidence . She said her late husband is providing her with all the confidence she needs . "  His teachings are guiding me through this , " she said . Each day , Reno goes to the gym , which she calls her "  drug of choice , " and does "  reps for Bob . " "  I 'm rebuilding myself , " she said . Reno advises all who begin the Eat-Clean Diet have a clear purpose in mind to power them through the process . "  Anything new is challenging or different , " she said . "  But it becomes second nature very quickly . " She advises dieters to envision the end result , just like one would envision arriving at a travel destination . "  I think you have to have your mind set in place , " she said . "  What does the end result look like ? " Doctors write a prescription for fresh produce Once a goal is determined , Reno said individuals must prepare their surroundings to support that goal . "  Clear your cupboards of all junk foods and then start planning healthy meals and shopping for clean food , " she said . Reno 's books contain meal plans , grocery lists , recipes and motivational tips to help . Always having clean food available is key , Reno said . "  When you 're cooking dinner , double the recipe and pack the extra food for the next day 's meals -- I call these ` planned leftovers , ' " she said . "  This will make it super easy to just grab a healthy meal when you 're pressed for time . Also , when you leave the house , make sure you take a cooler filled with your healthy meals for the day . " Reno suggests setting weekly and monthly goals and writing them down . "  People who write down their goals are 50 % more likely to succeed . " Whether easing into the Eat-Clean Diet or diving head first into it , Reno said it 's important for dieters to be committed to the process . "  You 're never going to get to your goals unless you 're willing to do what you need to do to get there , " she said . The most important way to achieve those goals is to manage time properly , Reno said . "  Plan your meals and training sessions for the week and try to delegate chores whenever possible . Once you get into a routine , you 'll realize that the whole process is not as hard as you imagined . "	Tosca Reno champions a clean eating lifestyle Clean eating means avoiding all processed food It "  really is a lifestyle change , " Reno says Living healthy has helped her power through grief after her husband 's death
CINCINNATI , Ohio  CNN  -- A conservative radio talk-show host said that "  he 's had it up to here " with Sen. John McCain after the GOP presidential candidate repudiated the commentator 's remarks about Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama at a campaign event . "  John McCain threw me under a bus -- under the ` Straight Talk Express , ' " Bill Cunningham told CNN on Tuesday , referring to McCain 's campaign bus . Earlier Tuesday , Cunningham spoke at a McCain campaign event in Cincinnati and called Obama a "  hack , Chicago-style Daley politician . " "  All is going to be right with the world when the great prophet from Chicago takes the stand , and the world leaders who want to kill us will simply be singing ` Kumbaya ' around the table of Barack Obama , " the commentator told the crowd . Cunningham , known for his flame-throwing style , repeatedly used Obama 's middle name -- Hussein -- during his remarks , made as a warm-up for the audience waiting to hear McCain speak . In his first public comment since Tuesday 's event , Cunningham defended his use of Hussein , which he called "  a proud Muslim name . " Watch Cunningham sound off to CNN 's John Roberts " "  I have nothing but respect for my Muslim brothers and sisters , " he said . "  The ones who oppose that particular name , they 're the ones with the problem , not me . His name is Barack Hussein Obama . " The radio-show host also compared Clinton unfavorably to first lady Laura Bush during the rally . Watch what was said at the Ohio rally " McCain , who was not onstage as Cunningham spoke , said he was told about the "  disparaging remarks . " "  I absolutely repudiate such comments , and again I will take responsibility -- it will never happen again . It will never happen again , " he said . Watch McCain 's reaction " In a statement , Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said that McCain 's remarks were appreciated : "  It is a sign that if there is a McCain-Obama general election , it can be intensely competitive , but the candidates will attempt to keep it respectful and focused on issues . " Cunningham said McCain "  ought to attack Democrats and quit attacking conservatives like me . " "  I , for one , regret that John McCain is the nominee of the conservative party , " he said . McCain on Wednesday said his concern was n't necessarily with what Cunningham said , but where he said it . "  I do n't intend in any way to tell talk-show hosts or anyone else in America what they should say or not say . This is a country that people believe in free speech , " McCain said . "  The reason why I had to repudiate that was because it was a campaign event associated with my campaign . " Cunningham told CNN that organizers in Cincinnati asked him to speak . "  They told me to fire up the crowd ... get them fired up and give them some red meat , " he said . Local campaign workers confirmed Cunningham 's account . Cunningham also disputed McCain 's contention that the two had never met , saying he has met the senator twice . "  But I 'm not going to meet him again . I 've had it up to here with John McCain . I 'm joining Ann Coulter in supporting Hillary Rodham Clinton , " he said . McCain staffers said the senator does not recall meeting Cunningham , but it is possible that they may have done so briefly at an event . "  But does Sen. McCain know him ? No , " an aide said . McCain has drawn criticism from other conservative voices , including radio hosts Rush Limbaugh , Laura Ingraham , Hugh Hewitt and Lars Larson . The senator from Arizona has been at odds with some of the GOP 's conservative base for his stance on immigration , support of campaign finance reform and his votes against President Bush 's tax cuts . McCain has said he would make the Bush tax cuts permanent . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash , Evan Glass , John King and Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	Radio talk-show host Bill Cunningham : Sen. John McCain "  threw me under the bus " McCain distances self from broadcaster 's remarks on Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama Cunningham uses Obama 's middle name -- Hussein -- at McCain event Commentator says McCain "  ought to attack Democrats , " not conservatives
As Republicans raise the idea of a court challenge against President Barack Obama 's immigration action , White House spokesman Josh Earnest argued Friday that the President 's executive orders stand on solid legal ground . "  What the president announced last night is legally unassailable , " he told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " The legal battle over Obama 's immigration plan Obama announced his plans Thursday night to legally permit up to 5 million undocumented immigrants to stay in the United States temporarily , bypassing Congress after lawmakers failed to pass comprehensive reform . Earnest reiterated a point the White House has fervently tried to make in recent days , that previous presidents have used executive authority on the issue of immigration . But critics argue that Obama 's action amounts to overreach , saying his latest decision goes beyond what former presidents have done . Republican lawmakers vowed to aggressively pursue pushback against the new orders , with some proposing efforts to defund Obama 's plan through spending legislation , while others called for lawsuits . Republicans hammer legal case against Obama on immigration Earnest , however , said that if the Republican-led House of Representatives would approve the Senate 's reform bill that was passed last year with bipartisan support , then "  the president would sign it right away . " "  He 'd tear up his own executive actions , " Earnest continued , before recapping a line Obama made in his speech Thursday night . "  The truth is the closest thing we have to amnesty right now is doing nothing and that 's exactly what House Republicans are doing , " he said .	President Barack Obama announced his immigration plans on Thursday night Republicans say the President 's actions are an overreach , and some say they 'll sue Obama 's press secretary said Friday that the proposal is on solid legal footing
CNN  Al Jazeera journalist Peter Greste , back home in Australia after spending more than a year in an Egyptian prison , said Thursday that he was never abused by his captors and looks upon the imprisonment as "  probably a more positive experience that it has been a damaging one . " "  I 'd like to think I 've changed , perhaps for the better , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  I 've learned a lot about myself , I 've grown a lot , I 've learned a lot about my family , my incredible family . " Greste , whom Egypt released and deported over the weekend , landed in Brisbane early Thursday morning . Read his letter from Cairo cell Greste and fellow Al Jazeera journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed were arrested in Egypt in December 2013 , accused of supporting the banned Muslim Brotherhood . All three were convicted and imprisoned but have maintained their innocence . Greste , who spent about 400 days in prison , had been sentenced to seven years . Fahmy and Mohamed remain in prison . Greste said at a press conference that he 'll work to free them . "  I will do all we can to talk to the right people to facilitate their release , " Greste said , declining to go into detail . Greste thanked the people who worked for his release -- his family , leaders of the Australian and Latvian governments , people who took part in demonstrations and journalists . He was surprised at the number of people involved . "  What we 've seen out of this is a sense of purpose and a sense of unity that has blown me away , " he said . Greste said prison was not easy but that he and the others were not mistreated . He was able to work on a master 's degree in governmental relations and wrote his papers in pencil and paper . Mixed emotions for Al Jazeera journalist as he leaves Egyptian jail "  We had access to all the things we needed , " he said . "  The fact is I 'm in pretty good health . We were n't abused in any way . We were treated with respect and dignity as much as could be expected under the circumstances " He fought off negative feelings by meditating . When his thoughts wandered , he imagined going to the beach , something he 's already done since returning to Australia . "  To actually stand there and feel  the sand  between your toes was awesome , " he said . Greste said he and his colleagues talked about the possibility that one of them would be released before the others . "  They were all very happy for me , " he said . "  You can imagine after 400 days of imprisonment with these guys we were very close . " When they are released , Greste said , "  I will party with them very hardy indeed . " Arriving at the airport Thursday , Greste , wearing a checkered shirt and jeans , was cheered by a crowd of dozens who had awaited his arrival . He smiled , hugged several people in the crowd and flashed peace signs with two raised hands . Greste said he 's not sure what will happen in his immediate future but expects to return to journalism . "  I do n't want to give this up , " he said . "  I 'm a correspondent . It 's what I do . " When his mother , Lois Greste , was asked how she felt about that , she said , "  We 've always believed our children should follow their passions and Peter 's doing that . At the same time , he 's got to know we are n't going to go through this again . " Lister : For Egypt , Al Jazeera prisoners were PR disaster amid bigger problems	Peter Greste finds positive meaning in his captivity in Egypt "  It 's awesome to be home , " Greste tells reporters and well-wishers The celebration is tempered by worry for his colleagues still held in Egypt , Greste says
CNN  -- The port-city of Kochi , on India 's west coast , is n't known for its arts scene . Nestled amid Kerala 's famously stunning backwaters  travel writers have long loved touting the streams that snake through the rural countryside as the quintessential bucket-list endeavor  , the city is more readily defined by its breathtaking backdrop . From today and for the next three months , that will change , as the world 's culture vultures descend into Kochi to attend one of India 's first international arts festivals : the Kochi-Muziris Biennale . Even since Venice introduced the world to the biennale in 1895 , the word has been symbolic of a city 's cultural ascendency . Often , biennales demonstrate a region 's savvy through showcasing the direction the contemporary arts scene will go in coming seasons . Kochi has something a little different planned . Rather than focusing on the future , this biennale 's theme centres very much on Kochi 's history . In particular , it will put a spotlight on Muziris , India 's answer to Atlantis . Muziris was a prosperous trading hub that from the first century B.C. that supplied the world with everything from spices to precious stones . The city drew traders from as far as Rome , Greece and China . It was active up until the 14th century , when it mysteriously disappeared under the sea -- perhaps by a flood or tsunami . Excavations just outside Kochi a few years ago unearthed pottery , coins and various other artefacts that link the region to the Roman era , and suggest that , at last , Muziris has been found . The biennale founders have adopted the fallen port as a theme for the event , and in previous months , a legion of local and international artists have picked over the city for inspiration for their projects . Many pieces will involve found art . Alex Mathew , a Kerala-born sculptor , is designing a piece with abandoned anchors , while Vivan Sundaram , India 's leading installation artist , is creating a 400 square-foot reconstruction of Muziris using terracotta shards unearthed at the excavation site . He will both physically throw water on the installation , and incorporate video of flowing water , to represent the destruction of the city . "  It 's about a certain fragility of this quiet , thriving port town , of which little is actually known , " he says . The hope is that they 'll draw attention not only to Kerala 's artistic heritage , but to its historic one as well . In many ways , Kochi makes a lot of sense as the destination for the country 's first biennale . Kerala seems to have birthed a large proportion of artists over the years , including K.C.S. Panicker , considered by many the father of Indian abstract painting , and Raja Ravi Varma , one of the first Indian artists to gain notoriety outside the subcontinent . "  Just why Kerala produces so many artists seems to be a very popular question , " notes Dorrie Younger , co-founder of the Kashi Art CafÃ © , the city 's first gallery . "  It 's most likely due to a combination of a high standard of living , the political climate , tolerance for opposing ideology , and a long history of foreign visitors . " Riyas Komu , one of the organisers for the festival , also gives credit to Kerala 's political climate . "  There 's a long tradition of activism here , and there 's always been a very vocal dialogue between political parties . For artists , the most important thing is that they have the capacity to be argumentative . " One of the participants , Ubik , is a Kerala-born artist who has since relocated to Dubai . On a recent research trip to the area , he discovered the extent that politics has shaped his paintings . "  Growing up , I 'd always see communist propaganda messages all over the walls . It 's an aspect that 's seeped into my work , and strangely enough , it only now kind of makes sense to me . I do a lot of text-based paintings , and I was always quite curious about where that came from . Now I know . " See also : Evolution of the Asian art market Like many artists that hail from the region , Ubik has n't stayed put . He notes that one reason Kerala 's artists seem to flock to other countries is a lack of museums and galleries . "  Most of the art market is focused on -LSB- Mumbai -RSB- and Delhi . That 's just where it is , commercially speaking . From what I know , I do n't think Kerala really has the infrastructure for that , " he notes . Lacking traditional arts spaces , the organisers have done something quite unique ; they 've commissioned heritage houses throughout the area to host the work , including an old Dutch dockyard , a former 17th century military bungalow used by the Dutch East India Company and a 19th century British gentleman 's club . Komu is also hoping that the biennale will bring the necessary infrastructure for a budding Keralan arts scene . "  We 're building an architecture where a biennale can grow , " he explains . "  Traditionally , India has failed to take on projects like this . Hopefully , the Kochi-Muziris Biennale will change people 's minds , and they 'll start to have philanthropic ideas , and to invest in arts and culture for the next generation . "	The Indian city of Kochi will host India 's first ever international arts festival The Kochi-Muziris Biennale will run for three months and display works by Indian and international artists Lacking traditional arts spaces , the organizers have commissioned heritage houses throughout Kochi to host the festival
CNN  -- -LSB- Updated 3:45 p.m. Monday , October 29 -RSB- An aluminum sculpture called "  Greetingman " bows to people Wednesday in Montevideo , Uruguay . The naked blue man is nearly 20 feet tall and weighs three tons . It was donated by South Korean artist Yoo Young-ho , who has already built one "  Greetingman " in his home country . Yoo 's goal is to put up 1,000 of them across the globe as a way to link other cultures and people . "  The greeting is the first step in any relationship , " Yoo said Wednesday in Montevideo . "  It 's the principle of all communication . " Uruguay was chosen by Yoo because it is diametrically opposite of South Korea on the world map . He hopes the project will help Uruguayans get to know more about his country and the traditional Korean way of greeting . "  Greetingman " is blue , Yoo says , because blue is a neutral color that could n't be perceived as symbolizing a specific skin color . And it is naked to reflect all men -- clothing might have symbolized someone 's social standing or status . Yoo raised money for the Uruguay sculpture by selling 800 much smaller "  Greetingman " statues for $ 200 each , according to the Uruguayan newspaper El Pais . For more about the project and Yoo 's future plans , check out the "  Greetingman " website . Congrats to CNN.com readers "  alejandouru " and "  paulamuriel " for correctly answering this week 's photo challenge ! We bow to you ... -LSB- Original post -RSB- Do you know where this photo was taken ? If you think you know the answer -- or if you just want to take a wild guess -- post it in the comments area below . Later in the day , we 'll reveal where the photo was taken and give credit to those who figured it out first .  The more detail , the better ! Each Monday morning , we 'll post a new photo and challenge you to tell us its origin . The photo might be related to a prominent news story or theme -- or it might just be something that caught our eye . Good luck ! Check out past "  Where in the World ... ? "	Do you know where this photo was taken ? CNN will post a new photo each Monday morning and reveal the answer later that day The photo might be related to a recent story -- or it could just be something unusual we found
CNN  -- The ceremony was held on a chilly November morning in 1981 on the front lawn of the Jewish Community Center in Wilmington , Delaware , and after three decades the plain cardboard program printed for the occasion still resonates : "  Garden of the Righteous , Tree Planting Ceremony : In honor of the Righteous Gentiles who at the risk of their own lives and the lives of their families saved Jews during the Nazi Holocaust -- 1933-1945 . ... This Tree Planting Ceremony by Holocaust survivors residing in Delaware is the first such tribute to the ` Righteous Among the Nations ' outside of Jerusalem . " Patterned after a memorial at Israel 's Yad Vashem , the grassy clearing had saplings with wooden markers bearing names of European Christians who had rescued Jews who came to live in Delaware . One by one that morning , swelling with emotion , survivors came forward to unveil markers . Also in attendance and honored with a tree was a Dutch Christian couple who lived in the state . My mother , Halina Wind Preston , a Jewish educator who had survived 14 months hiding from the Nazis in the sewers of Lvov , Poland , conceived and planned the garden , and she unveiled markers bearing the names of two Polish Catholic sewer workers who had saved her : Leopold Socha and Stefan Wroblewski . She died a year later at age 60 , but she had fulfilled a sacred duty . Soon a monument was added , bronze plaques replaced the wooden markers , and on December 11 , 1983 , more than 700 people packed the center 's auditorium to hear the Methodist theologian and Holocaust scholar Franklin H. Littell formally dedicate the garden . The story of the Wilmington garden , and the Lvov sewer-survival story -- dramatized in Agnieszka Holland 's movie "  In Darkness " -- are particularly timely because the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum has designated "  Choosing to Act : Stories of Rescue " as this year 's theme for Yom Hashoah , the day of remembrance , Thursday , April 19 . Because the Nazis intended that no Jews should survive , every survival story is sacred . Although my mother is not portrayed in the movie , she would have been gratified that it has given wide exposure to Socha 's heroism . Still , Halina would have rejected the film 's many fabrications concerning Wroblewski 's equally valiant role . She would have been incredulous over invented characters having sex in the sewer for the sake of dramatic tension , or seeing a man who was instrumental in her rescue reduced to a caricature of a pious Jew . My cover story about my mother in the Philadelphia Inquirer Sunday Magazine on Mother 's Day 1983 -- five months after her death -- was the first full English-language presentation of the Lvov sewer rescue . Socha died in 1946 , but Wroblewski read my account and then shared with me many crucial details yet to be revealed in a documentary planned by the Polish filmmaker Maciej Pawlicki . The daughter of a poor Hasidic watchmaker in the Carpathians , Halina was just 22 on July 27 , 1944 , when she emerged from a sewer manhole in Lvov  present-day Lviv , Ukraine  . Hundreds of Jews had tried to escape into the sewers on the night of the liquidation of the Lvov ghetto and almost all died in the raging river that flowed through the sewer system . My mother found herself in a group of 21 Jews whom the sewer workers had agreed to hide . Originally for money , but later even after the money ran out , the sewer workers brought them food , washed their clothes , moved them when their safety was in danger and visited them every day except Sunday . Some decided to leave as the ordeal wore on and were killed above ground , and one older woman died of natural causes . A baby was born and had to be suffocated lest its cries give away the group . My mother was among 10 who survived the entire 14 months , and this experience guided her life . She was among the first of Hitler 's survivors to speak publicly . Throughout the months in the filthy underground hideout , she remained focused on a place she had never seen , the New York address 3080 Broadway , where her older brother , Leon , was studying at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America . The prospect of reuniting with him gave her something to live for , and when she arrived into the waiting arms of Rabbi Leon Wind and his wife and son at La Guardia Airport in 1947 , it marked the beginning of a new life dedicated to honoring both her Jewish heritage and her Catholic rescuers . An American audience first heard a survivor speak of the Lvov sewer episode on October 25 , 1949 , when Halina Wind , now a 27-year-old senior in the seminary 's teachers institute , addressed the annual conference of the National Women 's League of the United Synagogue of America , meeting in New York City . She later went on a speaking tour on behalf of the seminary with at least 36 appearances in seven states . One woman who heard her in Camden , New Jersey , introduced her to a cousin who had survived Auschwitz and Buchenwald . After a short courtship , Halina married George Preston , the former Grisza Priszkulnik , and they moved to Wilmington . I was born there in 1955 , my sister six years later . During three decades in Delaware , my mother inspired students and audiences of all faiths with the story of the Lvov sewer workers who saved her , establishing herself as the state 's eloquent representative of the victims and survivors of the Nazis . Her message was uplifting , about how goodness transcends religion and ethnicity and national boundaries , continuing from one generation to the next , from one culture to another . "  I had a mission , " my mother said in 1978 . "  I was n't just saving my life . ... And when you have a purpose and when you have a cause , then you are able to endure everything . ... I was living for my parents . I was living for my brother . I was living for my yet-unborn children . I was living for the past , and I was living for the future . " My mother maintained contact with the Socha and Wroblewski families .  A third sewer worker , Jerzy Kowalow , disappeared after the war . As a boy I watched her meticulously prepare parcels of clothing that she sent them throughout the difficult postwar years in Soviet-occupied Poland . She traveled to Jerusalem in 1977 to provide the sole testimony that led to Socha and Wroblewski and their wives being named "  Righteous Among the Nations , " enabling the two families to receive monthly stipends and establishing them among 23,788 heroic figures from 45 countries upon whom Yad Vashem had formally accorded the honor at last count . As for the Wilmington garden , it 's now a verdant landmark , but three decades of exposure to the elements have taken a toll . This summer it will be rededicated with a new entrance , a new monument and new plaques . In the fall , new saplings will be planted to recognize more Righteous Gentiles who helped other Delawareans . My mother , who did n't see a tree for 14 months , kept faith with her rescuers . Now only those of us who remain can keep the garden of memory blooming . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Preston .	David Preston 's mother and nine others survived the Holocaust hiding in sewers for 14 months Polish Catholic sewer workers saved their lives , and his mother wanted to keep faith with them Halina Wind Preston was the force behind a garden memorial to honor "  Righteous Gentiles " Preston : Nazis wanted no Jew to survive , so every act of rescue and survival is sacred
CNN  -- Mychal Bell , a black teenager accused of beating a white classmate and who was the last of the "  Jena 6 " behind bars , was released from custody Thursday after a juvenile court judge set his bail at $ 45,000 . Supporters surround Mychal Bell on Thursday after his release at the LaSalle Parish courthouse . Bell 's release followed an announcement from LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters , who said he would not appeal a higher court 's decision moving Bell 's case to juvenile court . Wearing a blue striped golf shirt and jeans , Bell walked out of the LaSalle Parish courthouse a week after an estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators marched through Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- to protest local authorities ' handling of the teens ' case . "  We do not condone violence of any kind , but we ask that people be given a fair and even chance at the bar of justice , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said outside the courthouse . "  Tonight , Mychal can go home , but Mychal is not out of the juvenile process . He goes home because a lot of people left their home and stood up for him , " he said . "  Let America know -- we are not fighting for the right to fight in school . We 're not fighting for the right for kids to beat each other . We 're fighting to say that there must be one level of justice for everybody . And you can not have adult attempted murder for some , and a fine for others , and call that equal protection under the law . Two wrongs do n't make one civil right . " Demonstrators at last week 's march were protesting how authorities handled the cases of Bell and five other teens accused of beating fellow student Justin Barker . Many said they were angry that the students , dubbed the Jena 6 , were being treated more harshly than three white students who hung nooses from an oak tree on Jena High School property . The white students were suspended from school but did not face criminal charges . The protesters said they should have been charged with a hate crime . Bell 's attorney Lewis Scott said the teen was moved from jail to a juvenile facility earlier Thursday . Walters said his decision not to appeal was based on what he believed was best for the victim in the case . "  While I believe that a review would have merit ... I believe it is in the best interest of the victim and his family not to delay this matter any further and move it to its conclusion , " Walters told reporters . Watch the Rev. Al Sharpton discuss the teen 's release " He said last week 's march , which included Sharpton and Martin Luther King III , did not influence his decision . Bell , now 17 , was the only one of the Jena 6 behind bars . His bond previously was set at $ 90,000 . A district judge earlier this month tossed out Bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court . The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal in Lake Charles , Louisiana , did the same with Bell 's battery conviction in mid-September . Prosecutors originally charged all six black students accused of being involved in beating Barker with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy . Walters reduced charges against at least four of them -- Bell , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones and Theo Shaw -- to battery and conspiracy . Bryant Purvis awaits arraignment . Charges against Jesse Ray Beard , who was 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Wednesday , Gov. Kathleen Blanco announced that Louisiana State Police officers will protect the families of the Jena 6 and investigate any threats they have received . A white supremacist Web site posted the names and addresses of the six black teens after last week 's march , calling on followers to "  let them know justice is coming . " Thursday , the FBI said it had been made aware of allegations of threats . "  Threats are taken seriously , and as these investigations are ongoing we can not comment further , " said Sheila Thorne of the FBI 's office in New Orleans , Louisiana . The December 4 attack on Barker came after months of racial tension , including at least two instances of fighting in the town , sparked originally when three white teens hung the nooses . Walters has said there was no direct link between the hanging of the nooses and the schoolyard attack , and defended the prosecutions ahead of last Thursday 's peaceful march . Blanco defended the prosecutor Wednesday , saying , "  He has a solid record and is highly respected among his peers . " Walters also addressed the stress and notoriety the town has been subjected to , saying the only way he and other residents "  have been able to endure the trauma that has been thrust upon us is through the prayers of the Christian people who have sent them up in this community . " He also suggested that some kind of "  disaster " was averted when thousands of marchers came to Jena last week . "  I firmly believe and am confident of the fact that had it not been for the direct intervention of the Lord Jesus Christ last Thursday , a disaster would have happened , " Walters said . "  The Lord Jesus Christ put his influence on those people , and they responded accordingly , " he said , without explaining exactly what he meant . Soon after the district attorney spoke , a local reverend took issue with his comments . "  Obviously , we are serving two different gods here , " the Rev. Donald Sidley said . "  My Bible says that we should do -- we should be loving , love your neighbor as yourself . "  For him to try and separate the community like he is and then using Christ Jesus to influence the people that Jesus is working on their side , well , that 's -- that 's absurd . ... God is god of the human race , " said Sidley , of the New Evergreen Church . E-mail to a friend	Bell released from custody after juvenile court judge sets bail at $ 45,000 Prosecutor wo n't appeal ruling in Bell case Bell and five other black teens are accused of beating white student Justin Barker Beating followed white students hanging nooses from a tree on school grounds
CNN  -- The doorbell rings . You answer it and find a long-dead loved one at your front door , apparently come back to life and looking just the same as the day they died . How would you react ? That 's the idea behind Jason Mott 's debut novel , "  The Returned . " In the hands of an author such as Stephen King or Dean Koontz , this could be the start of something scary , but this is no zombie tale . Inspired by a dream in which his late mother visits him , Mott tells a personal story about one family caught up in a worldwide event . "  The Returned " is set in a small Mississippi town and focuses on an elderly couple , Harold and Lucille Hargraves . A government agent shows up at their home with the couple 's son , who drowned on his eighth birthday 50 years ago . Jacob looks and acts the same but how could this be the Hargraves ' son ? Obviously , the couple is much older and has tried to move on . How will this little boy fit into their lives now or be accepted in their community ? Jacob is one of thousands being reunited with families all over the world . Initially there 's elation , then fear and eventually hysteria . Are these "  Returned " a miracle or a sign of the end times ? Mott was almost unknown before "  The Returned , " but critics and advance readers are calling his first novel "  eloquent " and "  elegiac , " also "  haunting " and "  heart wrenching . " Brad Pitt 's "  Plan B " entertainment snapped up the rights and is already shooting a TV series based on the novel . Entertainment Weekly recently listed him as one of their 10 "  New Hollywood : Next Wave " people to watch . As his first novel hits shelves , Mott , who lives in rural North Carolina , says he 's terrified and excited by his newfound fame . Fast facts : Jason Mott Age : 35 Hometown : Born and raised in Bolton , North Carolina , a small town of less than 700 people and one traffic light in the eastern part of the state near the coast . For fans of : Magical realism , British author Neil Gaiman and readers who enjoyed Stephen King 's "  The Green Mile . " What else he has written : Mott is the author of two previous poetry collections , "  We Call This Thing Between Us Love " and " ... hide behind me ... " Before he was a novelist : Mott worked for several years as a customer service representative for Verizon Wireless , fielding complaints in New York from angry customers . Five questions with Jason Mott CNN : What was the idea behind "  The Returned ? " Mott : It actually started with a dream I had about my mother . Both of my parents have passed away , my mother in 2001 and my father in 2007 . In the summer of 2010 , I had this dream that I came home from work one day and found my mother sitting at the kitchen table waiting for me . I came in and sat down with her , and we just talked about everything that had happened since her death . My going to college , friends that I 'd met , it was this warm kind of cathartic dream where I was able to be with my mother again for the first time in almost a decade . It was one of these really vivid dreams where you wake up and question whether it was real or not . I really expected to find her sitting on the couch when I came out of my bedroom but of course she was n't . That dream stuck with me , I could n't get it out of my head . I was talking to a friend of mine who 's also a writer and we discussed it , at some point in the conversation he said : What if that really happened and what if it was n't just her ? I wrote a short story not long after about a couple whose son returns . I did a reading and the crowd really seemed to respond to it . People came up afterward and said how it reminded them of people they had lost . So after seeing that strong reaction , I started writing and about a year later , I had a manuscript on my hands . It 's still kind of hard to believe how it all happened , but it 's been a lot of fun and I feel really special about it . CNN : This could have been a horror story , but you took a much different approach . Why ? Mott : I tried to make the story as grounded as I could because I felt it was such a difficult topic to approach . When I was working on the manuscript I talked to a lot of my friends , their parents , people that I knew , asking them what they would do if someone they loved who had passed away suddenly showed up again . The responses were really interesting . Usually people were very excited to hear about it , saying they would love to have so and so back , that it would be a really wonderful moment . Then I would follow up with what would happen a year later , is it still just as exciting and wonderful ? Sometimes the answers became really complicated . You had people who had changed dramatically since their loved one had passed away . I 'm not the same person as I was when my mother passed in 2001 . I was 22 years old then , now I 'm a 35-year-old adult . It 's two completely different mindsets . So as much as I love her still , I 'm much different now and that could create some friction . There were other people who had similar answers who had moved forward in life . That was the thing I tried most to carry into the novel , to be as realistic as possible . CNN : What 's behind the recent fascination in books , TV and movies with the undead ? Mott : It 's the ultimate mystery : What happens after we die ? If people are coming back , what does that mean to our beliefs ? The whole genre revolves around that idea as well as the emotional impact of someone you 've let go of suddenly thrust back into the equation . So how do you react to it ? On a national level and on a personal level , I think it 's everyone really trying to understand life and who they are versus people who have passed away . I think there 's a lot of self-exploration going on right now . CNN : Your book is now being turned into a TV series . How is that going ? Mott : It 's going really well . I do n't have much direct involvement , which I 'm actually very glad about since things are so busy right now . I made a deal with Plan B , Brad Pitt 's film company , and they brought in a wonderful writer , Aaron Zelman , who worked on AMC 's "  The Killing , " and they 're doing a great job . They 're filming outside Atlanta right now . I 've had a chance to meet the cast , and they 're all really excited . I had a chance to see the pilot , and I like what they 're doing with it . It 's a little bit surreal , seeing the actors playing these characters who 've I had close to my heart . It 's like being outside of yourself for a moment . It 's almost like sending a child out into the world . It 's been fascinating , fun and a little bit scary at times . With all authors when you option the rights to your work , there 's a little bit of nervousness over what will happen to it , how will it come out ? But once I saw the pilot , it was so well-done , I 'm really excited about it . CNN : What kind of response have you had from people who 've read the book ? Mott : Many of them will come up to me and talk about someone they lost that this reminded them of . Once they finished the book , they got a photo album out and looked at photos they had n't thought about in a long time because the book really made them remember that person and brought to the forefront all the good times they had with that person . To me , this is the most rewarding part . That 's what I wanted the book to do . It came from a very personal place for me , so I wanted the readers to have a personal experience as well . I did n't want it to be just my story . I also wanted it to remind you to really value the time you have with someone who 's here now and realize how precious this time is . If the book can do that for anyone , then I 'm happy with it .	Jason Mott says vivid dream about his dead mother inspired him to write "  The Returned " Book focuses on what happens after a loved one returns from the dead Brad Pitt 's film company is adapting the novel into a series for ABC
CNN  -- Officials at Princeton University were to meet over the weekend to decide whether to offer students a vaccine against meningitis after seven cases of the potentially fatal disease occurred on campus . "  We will be discussing it with our trustees this weekend , " school spokesman Martin Mbugua said Friday . The world 's sole meningococcal vaccine that targets meningitis group B is called Bexsero and is manufactured by Novartis . Though it is approved in Europe and Australia , it has not been approved for use in the United States . "  We have filed an Investigational New Drug application for our MenB vaccine in the U.S. , but have not yet come to an agreement on a pathway to licensure for this vaccine with regulatory authorities , " Novartis spokeswoman Elizabeth Power told CNN Saturday in an e-mail . Still , company officials have been coordinating with officials at Princeton , the Centers for Disease Control and the state Department of Public Health about getting a vaccine to the school , she said . "  We took the step to allow the option to vaccinate the students , but the decision to do so has not been made yet , " CDC spokeswoman Barbara Reynolds told CNN on Friday . Group B meningitis is a strain of the bacterial form of the disease that is rare in the United States . Symptoms can include stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death . It is treated with antibiotics . What is meningitis ? "  Usually , when you see this kind of meningitis on the campus , it 's meningitis C , " said Dr. William Schaffner , professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University , in a telephone interview with CNN . "  This is very , very unusual . " Schaffner added that , in the United States , Group B meningitis typically strikes infants , and only rarely adolescents and young adults . Though the mechanism needed for health officials to administer an unapproved vaccine in the United States is "  very elaborate , " it would be justified in this case , he said . "  If I were around the table with the board of trustees , I would be gently encouraging them to do this . " Princeton 's first reported case developed in a student who had returned to the campus after spring recess in March , according to the state health department . Two months later , after six students and one visitor had contracted the disease , an outbreak was declared . All have recovered except for the last case , a male student who remains hospitalized after being diagnosed on November 8 . No common link has been identified among the cases , New Jersey health officials said . CDC : Bacterial meningitis explainer Meningitis can spread via the exchange of saliva and other respiratory secretions through kissing , coughing , sharing drinks and living in close quarters , such as in dormitories , according to the health department . The bacteria can reside for months in the back of the throat before causing symptoms , Schaffner said . But the disease is not wholly understood . Cases of meningococcal disease in general -- including Group B -- have dropped in recent years to the lowest levels since the 1930s . "  Nobody knows why , " he said . And cases sometimes occur more frequently in Oregon . "  We 've never understood that either . " The New Jersey outbreak is also puzzling . "  Why this is occurring is not clear , but the trick everybody is working on is how to stop it , how to prevent further cases , " he said . If the board decides to offer the vaccine , as many as 8,000 undergraduate and graduate students at the school could be offered the vaccine . Meningitis vaccines urged before NYC Pride events CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report	Seven cases of meningitis have been reported on the New Jersey campus University officials to discuss offering vaccine Feds OK use of vaccine not approved in the United States
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- The massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has triggered heated debate about where the United States gets its energy supplies . Some say domestic drilling is necessary to avoid U.S. dependence on foreign oil . Others say the country needs to look to other fuel sources . But one man has found his own solution . Patrick Vanderwyden uses solar power to run his water heater , hot tub , air conditioner , fans , and his refrigerator at his home of 24 years . Three years ago , the self-described New Age hippie began a personal mission to cut his energy usage by switching to alternative energy . "  What I do now has an effect on future generations , " said Vanderwyden , 49 . "  I do n't want to leave future generations with a real problem if I can help it . And I think I can . " The sun also powers most of Vanderwyden 's transportation . On any given day the conservationist can be seen throughout town quietly driving something with pedals or an electric motor . He has a collection of recycled bikes , an electric cycle and one bike fashioned from spare parts that he calls "  Frankenbike . " Vanderwyden carefully drives the strange-looking contraption , powered by a treadmill motor , since it can easily exceed the top legal speed of 18 mph allowed for electric bikes , he said . He also has in his arsenal of alternative vehicles a Chevrolet pickup truck with an electric motor . Vanderwyden stumbled upon the truck for sale on the internet auction site eBay . It already had been converted by a New Jersey electric company . He says he reduced his energy use by nearly 30 percent last year compared with the year before . That 's in contrast to worldwide energy consumption , which has continued to rise for decades . "  What was started in the '70s was turned off in the '80s as far as the conservation and the use of renewable energy , " said Vanderwyden . The U.S. Department of Energy reports that demand for oil has almost doubled since 1970 and the demand will continue to increase for decades to come . Oil accounts for more than one-third of U.S. energy use . The Energy Department statistics show that in 2008 , the vast majority of America 's petroleum use went toward consumer vehicles , commercial vehicles and air travel . Fuel-efficient hybrid cars only account for a small percentage of cars sold today , although the Alternative Fuel Vehicle Institute predicted that by 2035 , alternative fuel cars will account for more than half of the cars bought . Critics of electric vehicles point out that electricity is mainly produced by coal-powered plants which , in turn , create large amounts of greenhouse gases . Acknowleging that concern , Vanderwyden said he reduces how often he drives his electric pickup truck . Instead , Vanderwyden drives his electric bike charged from his solar panels as often as possible . The conservationist admits his actions are extreme but says if everyone would reduce their energy use a little , "  all of us together would make an impact . " "  I 'm sad about this oil spill , but at least it 's bringing some attention to this issue again , " he said . "  I really hope that -LSB- it -RSB- gets people to understand that it 's our demand that ... makes them want to drill a mile deep in the Gulf of Mexico . "	In 2007 , Patrick Vanderwyden began a mission to cut his energy use His home is fueled by solar panels , and he owns electric vehicles charged with solar power He said he hopes more Americans follow his example ` It 's our demand that makes them want to drill a mile deep in the Gulf of Mexico , ' he said
Washington  CNN  -- The initial review of the materials confiscated from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan has found mostly "  aspirational " planning but has yielded "  real intelligence , " according to a U.S. official . The official , who was not authorized to speak on the record , said it is still very early in the review , and there are still a lot of data to sort through to determine whether there are any concrete plots . The special task force set up to examine the data has two initial goals , according to the official : check to see whether there are any imminent threats against the U.S. and find leads to other terrorists or plots . The reviewing team is running around the clock , according to the official . The task force assigned to scour the seized material is run by the CIA , with dozens of representatives from throughout the intelligence community working 24/7 , searching for clues . Most of the team is poring over the digital , audio and video files as well as printed and handwritten materials from an undisclosed location in the Washington area , but some of the members are participating virtually . The effort to decipher the data is time-consuming because much of it has to be translated , some is handwritten , and large digital files have to be transferred . A senior U.S. intelligence official said Saturday that the materials seen so far appeared to show that bin Laden had a "  continuing interest in transportation and infrastructure targets . " But there is no indication of any specific plot to attack those targets . The senior official said the U.S. believes that the bin Laden compound was in effect a command and control center for al Qaeda because the confiscated materials "  clearly show that bin Laden remained an active leader in al Qaeda , providing strategic , operational and tactical instructions to the group . Though separated from many al Qaeda members who are located in more remote areas of the region , he was far from a figurehead . " According to the first U.S. official , there is "  real intelligence coming out of this . " The official said the intelligence community expects to gain insights into how al Qaeda operated . "  We expect to learn more how bin Laden communicated , who he communicated with and how often he did it , what guidance did he pass on , what questions were passed on , how he operated , how he ran al Qaeda and what did other people expect from bin Laden , " said the official . At some point , the U.S. expects to share some of what it is learning with other relevant nations and parties who might be able to exploit it further , but until they know more about what they have , the official said it 's too early for an exchange of information .	Initial review of materials taken from compound has found mostly "  aspirational " planning Special task force checking for immediate threats to U.S. , leads to other terrorists or plots Official says intelligence experts hope to gain insights into how al Qaeda operated
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Terrie Light stands outside Oakland 's stunning new modern cathedral in a first-of-its-kind garden that honors victims of clergy sexual abuse . She was abused by a priest at age 7 . For the first time , the Catholic Church has offered a garden that honors victims of clergy sex abuse . "  It 's a really small , important physical representation of a horrific thing that happened in many places , " she told CNN . She says the garden 's centerpiece , a symbolic low stone sculpture that 's broken , is fitting for those whose lives were shattered by priests . "  The energy that the artist put was this circular stone trying to pull itself to become unbroken . That is our journey . That is what we try to do every day -- is to try to be unbroken . " The garden is placed near a wall of the Cathedral of Christ the Light , which was consecrated September 25 . Two low-curved benches bracket the sculpture , one facing toward the cathedral , the other facing away . The benches are surrounded by hedges . Watch the bishop of Oakland apologize to victims " The bench placement is deliberate and takes into account the feelings and needs of abuse victims.Those who choose not to face the cathedral end up facing a small lake across the street . Father Paul Minnihan , the provost of the cathedral , says it was important to have the garden -- for the victims , and for the church to atone for the sins of its past . "  Part of the church 's mission is to make sure we bring healing to people who are in need of it , even if we were the cause of it , " he says . "  Having this garden on the campus says we are serious about our desire to help in your healing process on whatever level . As this cathedral will be around for 500 years , so will that garden as a place of healing and hope . " The Catholic Church was rocked earlier this decade by allegations of children being sexually abused by priests , with scores of victims filing lawsuits against their alleged abusers . The church was accused of covering up the abuse for decades by sending offending priests to other parishes . The church wound up paying hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements . Some priests went to jail ; others resigned . Pope Benedict XVI in July apologized to victims and called the abuse "  evil . " At the garden 's dedication on October 11 , Allen Vigneron , bishop of Oakland , once again offered the church 's apology . "  To the hurts of so many innocents , we preferred the darkness to the light . And for that , I again make heartfelt apologies to all victim survivors . As it says on the plaques at the entries , ` We remember and we affirm : never again . ' " Terrie Light , who has been a vocal advocate for abuse victims for many years , says getting the garden built was not an easy process . "  We got silence , then we got passed around , " she says . She said Barbara Flannery , the former chancellor of the diocese who became the church 's point person on helping victims , advocated for the garden to the bishop . "  He thought it was a good idea . But it 's different from ` It 's a good idea ' to ` Here 's the people to meet with to make it happen , ' " she says . "  When we finally met with the architect , things really changed . " "  He really understood what we were trying to accomplish and put together some architects to create this garden that he thought would give us what we wanted for a place for people to come and connect to their spirituality not inside the church . " Why outside ? "  There are people that want to go into a church that can not . It 's too painful , too emotionally traumatizing , " she says . "  There are other people that are ambivalent -- that want to be there and not want to be there . This gives them the option . " The garden is not what survivors had originally envisioned -- a lush , English garden with flowers and trees . But they are pleased with the outcome . "  It 's a very simple space , " Light says . Most victims of abuse in the Oakland area favored the garden ; a few opposed it , feeling that it implied closure to a problem that still exists . Minnihan says the church has sought "  to bring back healing and wholeness and work with those who are survivors " since the scandal . The garden is emblematic of that . "  We wanted to have a place respectful for their needs and their wishes , " he says .	Garden at Oakland 's new cathedral provides relief to victims of church sex abuse "  It 's a really small , important physical representation of a horrific thing " Cathedral 's provost says , "  We wanted to have a place respectful for their needs " In July , Pope Benedict XVI called the sexual abuse acts by priests "  evil "
An outage at the airline reservation system Sabre caused headaches for airlines around the world early Tuesday morning . The outage lasted about two and a half hours . "  Sabre is experiencing a system issue , " the company said in a tweet shortly after it began . "  Our technology team is working as quickly as possible to resolve the situation . " ' Virgin Australia manually checked in customers . Johannesburg 's international airport said British Airways flights experienced delays . ANd Alaska Airlines said 50 flights failed to take off on time . It was n't clear Tuesday morning how widespread the problem was while it lasted . The Sabre system is used by more than 300 airlines and more than 100 airports worldwide . "  More than 300 million passengers are put on airplanes every year using our technology , " the company says .	Virgin Australia says it is manually checking in customers British Airways flights in Johannesburg experience delays The system is used by more than 300 airlines
Atlanta  CNN  -- It looked like two two-by-fours nailed together . But it had nails sticking out of it , and Gary Wright , standing in the parking lot of his Salt Lake City computer company , thought he should move it . When he picked it up , it exploded . It was February 20 , 1987 , when Wright , then 25 , became a member of a dubious club : victims of the so-called "  Unabomber . " Wright 's secretary helped police put together a composite sketch of the suspect -- a man wearing a hooded sweatshirt and aviator sunglasses -- that was distributed nationwide . But it was nine more years before the Unabomber 's 18-year reign of terror came to an end . Ted Kaczynski , now 68 , killed three people and wounded 23 others in a string of bombings from 1978 to 1995 . He was arrested in 1996 , pleaded guilty in 1998 and is now serving a life term in the federal "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado . On Wednesday , a hooded sweatshirt very like the one pictured in the composite drawing , along with several pairs of sunglasses , were among some 60 items belonging to Kaczynski offered for online auction by the federal government , with proceeds to benefit some of Kaczynski 's victims . "  His whole life is basically here , " said Albert Najera , U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of California . Items offered on the website , gsaauctions.gov , include Kaczynski 's birth certificate ; school records ; his diplomas from Harvard University -- where he was accepted at 16 -- along with his diplomas for his master 's and doctorate degrees from the University of Michigan ; letters to and from him ; and original handwritten and typewritten copies of Kaczynski 's manifesto , which ultimately led to his capture . The manifesto is among about 20,000 pages of documents up for sale . The auction runs through June 2 . In the first few hours after bidding began Wednesday , the top bid for a handwritten copy of the manifesto was up to more than $ 6,000 . Wright retains almost crystalline recall of the bombing . "  The only thing I do n't remember is flying through the air , " he said . He suffered some 200 shrapnel wounds , including nails through his chin and lips . An ulnar nerve in his left arm was severed , leaving him permanently without feeling in some of his fingers . He recalled spending "  a lot of time getting put back together . " His insurance did not cover his medical costs , since they resulted from an act of terrorism . Although he received some discounted rates from doctors and hospitals and some help from Utah 's crime victim reparations law , he estimates he has spent more than $ 100,000 on medical care and counseling . Wright is one of four victims seeking restitution ; the others opted not to . The four were awarded $ 15 million . "  It was very , very difficult to have some of the conversations that needed to be had over this auction , " he said Wednesday . But he plans to take the money and "  do something good with it ... if you 're assigned restitution , pay it . " Not everyone agrees , however . Mark Olshaker , who co-authored a book on the Unabomber with an FBI profiler , said he thinks the auction is a "  misguided idea . " "  All it can do is help create this cult of notoriety around somebody like Ted Kaczynski , who really does n't deserve it , " he said . Olshaker compared the items to Nazi memorabilia , and said the auction "  can only help but glorify  Kaczynski  and takes the emphasis away from the victims , which is where it belongs . " Najera disagreed , saying the auction is a way to provide Kaczynski 's victims with "  more justice " in a world where victims rarely receive support from the justice system . "  The glory , if you will , is already there , " he said . " ... That 's part of our societal fabric . Everybody wants to watch the train crash . " "  I can see where people claim that it 's going to revictimize and stuff , but I do n't believe that , " said Wright , now 50 , who lives in Folsom , California . "  The thing that is funny to me , you 're always going to have a piece of the population who has a very strong opinion and they 've never been affected by it . " The auction is the culmination of a court battle . The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals approved the auction plan in 2009 , Steve Hirsch , a San Francisco attorney who represented the four victims in the court proceedings regarding the auctions , said last week . The nearly two-year delay is due to two factors , Hirsch said . First , "  the auction plan tries to protect the privacy of not only the named victims , but the other victims , " and Kaczynski 's writings had to be redacted to delete the victims ' names and the details of their injuries , he said . In addition , Kaczynski was furnished with copies of the writings , and filed motions in both the 9th Circuit and a lower court about them with objections including that he did n't have time to "  quality check " the copies , Hirsch said . "  We pretty much designed the auction around his objections , " to prevent him from raising any potential First Amendment claims in court , he said . Kaczynski has been "  cycling through lawyers " throughout the court fight , he said , sometimes firing his appointed attorneys and opting to represent himself . Overseeing the items Wednesday , retired FBI agent Terry Turchie said , "  It does bring back a lot of memories . " Turchie led the FBI task force that arrested Kaczynski . He vividly recalls approaching the 10-by-12 cabin , which lacked running water or indoor plumbing , with a search warrant . It took agents two weeks to remove all of Kaczynski 's possessions -- a search interrupted when a live bomb , ready for mailing , was found under his bed . The cabin has since been rebuilt and is in the Newseum in Washington . Turchie remembered how the cabin smelled -- a mixture of dirt and smoke . "  He was n't exactly the greatest housekeeper , " he said of Kaczynski . And he recalled the emotional moment when he and other agents realized that after a search spanning nearly two decades , the hunt for the Unabomber might be over . "  We just literally walked in on the mind of a serial bomber , " he said . The FBI gave the suspect the moniker "  Unabomber " because of his early targets -- universities and airlines . By all accounts brilliant , Kaczynski used creative techniques to avoid detection , Turchie said , even picking up hair samples from the floor of a bus station bathroom to place in his bombs , so DNA testing would lead authorities elsewhere . He began his bombing campaign , authorities said , because he was angered that the wilderness surrounding his cabin was being destroyed by development . But items offered in the auction also show another side of Kaczynski . "  Thank you for your letter offering condolences , " says one letter to him , dated November 1990 . "  I was very touched by it . It was easy to be nice to you as you were a delightful , lovable little boy . " Personal photographs are also for sale , along with other items of clothing , books with titles like "  Violence in America " and "  Sense and Nonsense in Psychology " -- and even a record of Kaczynski 's attempt to seek help . "  I am writing you in regard to your request for services , " says a May 1988 letter from a Montana mental health center . "  At this point in time we do not have any female therapists available . " If Kaczynski wanted a male therapist , the letter says , the next available appointment would be "  some time in July " -- more than a month away . The 35,000-word manifesto itself led to a break in the investigation , according to the FBI . The essay claimed to explain the bomber 's motives and railed against modern society . The task force recommended it be published , in hopes it would lead to the bomber 's identity . After it appeared in The Washington Post and The New York Times , authorities were contacted by David Kaczynski , the FBI said , who provided letters and documents written by his brother . "  Our linguistic analysis determined that the author of those papers and the manifesto were almost certainly the same , " authorities said . The documents provided the basis for the search warrant for Kaczynski 's cabin . The irony of using the very technology Kaczynski railed against to sell his possessions is not lost on authorities . "  My first thought was , ` Mr. Kaczynski 's going to be livid , ' " Najera said . The only items not included in the auction are bomb-making materials and any diagrams of bombs , officials said . Wright said he does n't agree with the sale of letters to and from relatives , believing they should be returned to Kaczynski 's family . "  To me , that 's crossing a line , " he said . "  The family member was not involved in the crime at all . " One of Kaczynski 's victims , medical geneticist Dr. Charles Epstein , died in February . Epstein was injured in 1993 when a bomb exploded in a piece of mail he opened at his home . The blast destroyed his eardrums and he lost parts of three fingers . Epstein told CNN in 2009 he regarded Kaczynski as "  the essence of evil . " Wright does n't share that view . He struggled with post-traumatic stress disorder , he said , and spent years wondering who could have done such a thing . Eventually , he said , he decided "  I 've got to forgive this guy . He may never be caught . I 'm dealing with a ghost . " "  There 's no such thing as closure , " he said . "  There 's just a different way of living life . " CNN 's Abbie Boudreau and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	Ted Kaczynski 's personal items are offered in an online auction Kaczynski , the "  Unabomber , " killed three people and wounded 23 others The auction will benefit the four victims who are seeking restitution Items include books , letters , photographs and clothing
Wired  -- Rafael Araujo 's illustrations are bewilderingly complex - so complex that you might assume the artist uses a computer to render the exacting angles and three-dimensional illusions . And true , if you were to recreate his intricate mathematical illustrations using software , it probably would n't take you long at all . But the craziest part of all is that Araujo does n't use modern technology to create his intricately drawn Calculations series - unless , of course , you count a ruler and protractor . Read more : Mind-blowing portraits made of test tubes and pushpins The Venezuelan artist crafts his illustrations using same skills you and I learned in our 10th grade geometry class . Only instead of stashing those homework assignments deep into the locker of his brain , Araujo uses these concepts to create his da Vinci-esque drawings . In Araujo 's work , butterflies take flight amidst a web of lines and helixes , a shell is born from a conical spiral , and the mathematical complexity of nature begins to make sense . He says perspective and angles have always come naturally to him . "  When I was young I began drawing perspective almost out of the blue , " he recalls . "  I loved three-dimensional drawings and liked to find out ways to locate dots in the space . " Before computer-assisted drawing , there were artists like M.C. Escher , who Araujo counts among his biggest influences . "  When I first saw M.C. Escher , I was speechless , " he says . "  His artwork was so akin to my geometrical taste . " Read more : Origami - perfect blend of math and art Working on an old drafting table , Araujo began drawing his own perspective illustrations , eyeballing the trigonometry to plot dot sequences that would allow him to create curved shapes like double helixes and cones . If you look closely at Araujo 's drawings , you 'll notice each of the main shapes sits within a line-drawn square or rectangle - he began adding this to his works after realizing these scaffolding boxes created a more reliable way to correctly position the dots . "  There is naturally a learning curve , " he says . "  And as problems are solved , you become more adept and , again , daring . " As Araujo became more confident in his skills , he began adding ink-drawn butterflies , insects and shells to the canvas and painting them with acrylic in order to add visual complexity to his work . Each illustration takes him upwards of 100 hours , and that 's if he does n't mess up . "  Painting is very similar to cooking , " he says . "  You 've got to be always careful ! " Read more : These shimmering LED installations transport you to an alternate universe Even with the added embellishments , his work is restrained and exacting . But that scientific honesty is also what makes his illustrations so visually compelling . Scientists and mathematicians often say there 's a comfort in their work because they know there 's always a right and wrong answer . It 's the same with Araujo 's art . There 's little gray area to be debated when it comes to angles and lines , and somehow that reliability and predictability translates into something beautiful . "  I love Pollock , and enjoy very much casting paint onto a canvas without rules , " he says . "  But you 've got to make it to appear , if not "  beautiful , " well done , and that is difficult . " Read more from WIRED : Swirling Time-Lapse Nudes Capture the Allure of Bodies in Motion How the NSA Almost Killed the Internet Ghostly Photos Reveal Subzero Shortcuts Through Post-Soviet Cities Cyanide Mixed With Photoshop Creates an Insomniac 's Nightmare Fantasy Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Rafael Araujo creates stunning geometrical illustrations He uses trigonometry and dot sequences to create da Vinci-esque drawings Each illustration takes him more than 100 hours to complete
CNN  -- Colombia may have exited the World Cup at the quarterfinal stage but it did not stop a massive crowd from welcoming home their heroes in the capital Bogota Sunday . Hosts Brazil put paid to the team 's hopes with a narrow 2-1 victory in Fortaleza Friday , although the win came at a heavy price with Neymar ruled out for the rest of the World Cup . Arriving at El Dorado airport after an Avianca flight , the squad were met by a frenzied welcome with thousands lining the streets as their open top bus negotiated its way through the streets . Colombia , coached by Argentina 's Jose Pekerman , won its group and impressed with its flowing football , led by World Cup sensation James Rodriguez . He scored his sixth and tournament-leading goal , a late penalty , in the defeat to Brazil . "  Thanks for always being there , thanks for the support , we love you , " Rodriguez said as he addressed the crowd . They had gathered early , most wearing the team 's yellow shirt , to catch a glimpse of the players who were given red carpet treatment at the airport , before going on a tour in the bus , which inched its way through the throngs . The Colombian players were then presented on a stage at the Simon Bolivar park and showed off their footwork by dancing to the music . Meanwhile , the Brazil squad has been training in Teresopolis ahead of its semifinal clash with Germany in Belo Horizonte Tuesday . Chelsea 's Willian , who could come in for Neymar , admitted his loss was a blow to Brazil 's hopes of winning the World Cup on home soil . "  Neymar sets the standard for us . He is capable of deciding any game , so playing without him will be difficult , " he said . But the midfielder added : "  We know the quality that we have . We are all very sad at losing him but we are now even stronger after what happened and we can continue to pursue our dream . " Willian suffered an injury scare in training Saturday after a clash with Hernanes but said it would not prevent him playing in the last four clash . Coach Luis Felipe Scolari 's other possible replacement for Neymar , who has fractured a vertabra in his back , could be winger Bernard , who plays for Shakhtar Donetsk .	Colombia team returns home to massive welcome in Bogota Colombia went out in quarterfinals to hosts Brazil WC top scorer James Rodriguez center of attention Brazil comes to terms with loss of star player Neymar
There are many ways to measure 30 years , but for Glenn Ford , the yardstick is simple . "  My sons -- when I left -- was babies . Now they grown men with babies , " he said , speaking as a free man for the first time in nearly three decades . Ford , Louisiana 's longest-serving death row prisoner , walked free Tuesday after spending nearly 30 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit . "  My mind 's going all kinds of directions , but it feels good , " Ford , 64 , told reporters outside the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola , according to CNN affiliate WAFB . One reporter asked whether he harbors any resentment . "  Yeah , because I was locked up almost 30 years for something I did n't do , " said Ford , who wore a denim shirt , a hat and dark-rimmed glasses . "  Thirty years of my life , if not all of it , " he said , WAFB reported . "  I ca n't go back . " According to the Capital Post Conviction Project of Louisiana , a judge ordered that Ford be freed Monday after prosecutors petitioned the court to release him . New information corroborated what Ford had said all along : that he was not present at nor involved in the November 5 , 1983 , slaying of Isadore Rozeman , the project said . "  We are very pleased to see Glenn Ford finally exonerated , and we are particularly grateful that the prosecution and the court moved ahead so decisively to set Mr. Ford free , " said Gary Clements and Aaron Novod , Ford 's attorneys . They have argued his trial was compromised by the unconstitutional suppression of evidence and by inexperienced counsel . Ford had been on death row since 1984 , making him one of the longest-serving death row prisoners in the United States . "  After 30 years , Louisiana 's longest-serving death row prisoner will get his freedom soon , " Amnesty International USA senior campaigner Thenjiwe Tameika McHarris said in a statement shortly before his release . "  Glenn Ford is living proof of just how flawed our justice system truly is . We are moved that Mr. Ford , an African-American man convicted by an all-white jury , will be able to leave death row a survivor . " Innocent man : How inmate Michael Morton lost 25 years of his life Woman sentenced to death walks free , thanks to victim 's grandson	Glenn Ford was behind bars for a murder he did not commit "  My sons -- when I left -- was babies . Now they grown men with babies , " he says Ford had been on death row since 1984 for the murder of Isadore Rozeman
January 9 , 2015 CNN Student News wraps up the week with reports on frigid temperatures in the U.S. , a manhunt in France , and the search for a lost aircraft in the Java Sea . We bring in the subjects of medicine and science with news on the mumps . We cover a bit of history concerning the Gregorian calendar , and we show you what the first day back to work looks like in the U.S. Capitol . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Police Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos both served in what U.S. city ? 2 . America 's longest-running war involves the nation of Afghanistan . In what year did the conflict begin ? 3 . In what sea , located between Indonesia and Singapore , are investigators searching for a missing AirAsia passenger plane ? 4 . In what nation did a fast-moving bushfire scorch 12,500 hectares of land last weekend ? 5 . The first U.S. Congress began its service in 1789 . What number represents the Congress that started its work this week ? 6 . In what city is the headquarters of Charlie Hebdo , a satire magazine that was attacked by terrorists this week ? 7 . What is the name of the American silversmith who overlaid the dome of the Massachusetts State House with copper ? 8 . What viral infection , which affects several hundred Americans each year , is characterized by swelling of the parotid glands in cheeks ? 9 . What modern-day calendar was named for a pope who reigned in the 1500s ? 10 . Name the youth football program , the largest in America , whose enrollment dropped by more than 9 percent between 2010 and 2012 . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
A California man who lost $ 500,000 at blackjack and pai gow is suing a new Las Vegas casino , alleging he was too drunk to be allowed to gamble over a 17-hour period just before Super Bowl weekend . Mark A. Johnston of Ventura , California , is claiming he should n't have to pay the Downtown Grand Las Vegas Hotel & Casino the $ 500,000 debt because employees served him so much alcohol that he suffered a blackout and was unable to remember the losses or even his gambling , the lawsuit alleges . In an interview Thursday with CNN , Johnston contended he was plied with liquor and victimized in an old-time hustle . "  Just picture a drunk walking the street and he 's drunk , and someone pickpockets and takes his money from him . That 's how I characterize it , " Johnston said . "  I feel like it 's the days of old Vegas , the way they 've been extorting me with letters and attorneys . " The casino , which opened last November , declined to comment on the lawsuit , citing pending litigation , said spokeswoman Nicole Neal . Johnston said that he 's not being a bad loser . "  I am not a sore loser . I 've lost half a million . I 've lost 800,000 . I 've lost a lot of money . This has nothing to do with that , " the veteran gambler said . "  Obviously I can afford what I lost . " Johnston , 52 , a former owner of a Los Angeles car dealership , was standing beside his $ 250,000 Mercedes-Benz as he insisted his lawsuit was about a bigger issue . "  This is about you almost killing me , " Johnston said . "  What if I had gone to bed that night , with all those drinks in me , and I threw up on myself and I choked and died ? " Johnston acknowledged some responsibility for his drinking -- as many as 20 drinks while gambling over 17 hours on top of about 10 drinks before even stepping into the casino . "  My responsibility is , look , I had some drinks at the airport , on the plane . At some point , that 's my responsibility , " Johnston said . "  The unfortunate part about it for them is , they have a bigger responsibility than I do . " Johnston was referring to how the casino must follow Nevada laws on how complimentary drinks are given to gamblers . In fact , the Nevada Gaming Control Board is now investigating the Downtown Grand , formerly the Lady Luck Casino , on whether it violated gaming regulations , said Karl Bennison , chief of the board 's enforcement division . Those regulations prohibit casinos from "  permitting persons who are visibly intoxicated to participate in gaming activity " and from providing "  complimentary service of intoxicating beverages in the casino area to persons who are visibly intoxicated . " "  We are investigating this thoroughly , " Bennison said . "  We are aware of this matter . We 'll see if there are regulation violations . " The casino could face a license revocation or fines or both if the violations are substantiated , Bennison said . Neal , the casino spokeswoman , also declined to comment about the state investigation . Johnston , a frequent gambler in Las Vegas , had always been a cash player at casinos and was never issued a line of credit more than $ 25,000 . Still , in the past 10 years , he had never drawn on any casino line of credit , the lawsuit said . He worked in real estate and car sales and was the owner of a Mercedes-Benz dealership in west Los Angeles . During Super Bowl weekend , however , he and a female friend flew from the Burbank , California , airport to Las Vegas , and he had consumed several alcoholic drinks by the time the couple ate dinner at a restaurant run by the Downtown Grand Casino , according to a sequence of events described in the lawsuit . At dinner , Johnston was visibly drunk , which was also observed by an old friend , a law professor at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas who joined the pair for dinner . Johnston was so inebriated that he had no recollection of leaving the restaurant on January 30 or the subsequent 44 hours , when he gambled in the casino and took out markers totaling $ 500,000 . He lost all that money at the Chinese domino game pai gow and at a private blackjack table during 17 hours of uninterrupted gambling and drinking , until the late afternoon of the following day . Johnston takes prescribed medication that increases the intoxicating effects of alcohol , and a casino host who invited Johnston to the Downtown Grand was aware of Johnston 's use of the medication , the suit alleged . "  Mr. Johnston , an experienced gambler , was dropping chips on the floor , confusing chip colors , and slurring his speech badly , and he was unable to read his cards or set his hands properly , " the lawsuit said . "  To her shock , after sleeping for seven to eight hours ,  Johnston 's female friend  found Mr. Johnston still gambling at the blackjack table , and still heavily intoxicated , late in the afternoon of January 31 , 2014 , " the suit said . The suit recounts how Johnston took out two lines of credit for $ 100,000 each in the span of 21 minutes after 2 a.m. on January 31 . By 10:52 a.m. , Johnston had taken out a third marker , for $ 50,000 . Almost two hours later , he signed another marker for $ 250,000 , the suit said . Johnston lost it all . Moreover , the casino allegedly reneged on providing Johnston with a 20 % discount on repaying the $ 500,000 , which would have reduced the debt to $ 400,000 , the lawsuit claimed . The casino also allegedly demanded that Johnston repay the $ 500,000 debt 46 days early , before a March 31 deadline , said the lawsuit , which was filed in February . In the days after losing the $ 500,000 , Johnston went to the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino , one of his preferred Las Vegas gaming destinations , but a Downtown Grand representative called the Hard Rock and told them of Johnston 's debt , cautioning them about doing business with Johnston and "  sullying Mr. Johnston 's good name in the process , " the lawsuit said . The lawsuit seeks to nullify the gambling losses and seeks compensatory as well as punitive damages "  in an amount sufficient to deter the Downtown Grand from similar conduct in the future , " the suit said .	Mark A. Johnston says he was victimized in old Las Vegas hustle "  This is about you almost killing me , " he says of casino 's free drinks Nevada gaming board is investigating whether Downtown Grand broke regulations Newly opened Downtown Grand declines to comment
CNN  -- One day before U.S. President Barack Obama 's Canadian visit last week , Canadian fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers near Canadian air space , the defense minister said Friday . Canadian jets intercepted Russian TU-95 Bear bomber aircraft last week similar to this one . "  At no time did Russian planes enter Canadian air space , but within 24 hours of the president 's visit here ... we did scramble F-18 fighter planes from NORAD in Canada command , " Peter MacKay said in a news conference in Ottawa . The Russian planes were in international waters , about 118 miles  190 kilometers  northeast of Tuktoyuktuk , in Canada 's Northwest Territories . "  It was a routine flight over international airspace , " Yevgeniy Khorishko , a spokesman at the Russian Embassy in Washington , told CBC news . NORAD , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , is a joint U.S.-Canadian agency in charge of aerospace control for the North American continent . "  As has been done on previous occasions ,  Canadian pilots  sent very clear signals that are understood , that  the  aircraft was to turn around , turn tail and head back to its own air space , which it did , " MacKay said . The Russian planes were identified as TU-95 Bear aircraft by NORAD spokesman Michael Kucharek .	Russian bombers were in international waters when Canadian jets intercepted them Canadians scrambled the F-18 fighter planes from NORAD in Canada command Russian planes identified as TU-95 Bear aircraft , NORAD spokesman says "  It was a routine flight , " Russian Embassy spokesman in Washington says
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Regular programming has just been interrupted by a news conference . A slender black man in a suit steps up to a podium , flanked by American flags and a White House logo . Michael Lamar was laid off in January but has a new job as a Barack Obama look-alike . "  I wish I could announce such an economic package , " he says , "  but there is a bank in Turkey that did it . It is Garanti . I wish we had Garanti in America . " Do n't be fooled . This is a commercial on Turkish TV . The actor is a 44-year-old Barack Obama look-alike from Whitehall , Pennsylvania , named Michael Lamar . And he is shilling for a Turkish bank . In the month before the real Barack Obama is to visit Turkey , this ad campaign went out all across the country on television and on billboards , using the iconic , Warholian image of the American president to sell low-interest loans . The "  Mad Men " behind the concept say their Obama look-alike was the perfect guy to sell what they described as Garanti Bank 's own economic stimulus package . "  We probably would n't be doing this commercial if it was the previous president , " said Can Celikbilek , a copy writer at the advertising company , Alametifarika . "  But in the case of Obama , he does represent hope , not only for the States but for the whole world . " For Obama look-alike actor Lamar , there was some irony about getting flown to Turkey to star in a commercial for a bank . He is a recent casualty of the global economic crisis . "  I was laid off in January of this year from JP Morgan Chase Bank in the U.S. , " Lamar said , in a telephone interview from Pennsylvania . "  After 18 years in the company , I was just laid off . One of the cutbacks . I 'm currently unemployed right now . " Or , was unemployed . Lamar 's striking resemblance to the American president has suddenly offered the former software analyst a possible new career for supporting his wife and child . "  I 'm available full-time now , " Lamar said . "  I 'm going to see where this leads me . " Lamar is now being represented by a casting agency in Los Angeles that specializes in celebrity look-alikes . Since he discovered his new "  talent , " he has traveled to the Netherlands to appear in a commercial for a liquor chain and to Paris , where an activist organization brought him in to meet lawmakers at the National Assembly , as part of a campaign to raise awareness about racism and racial profiling in France . "  This was very exciting for me , a true privilege ! " Lamar said . During his brief visit to Turkey , locals did double-takes when they saw Lamar walk past . "  Even in the studio , the crew -LSB- members -RSB- were like , ` Oh ! Is that Obama ? " said Celikbilek of Alametifarika advertising . Using the image of an American president to promote anything in Turkey is a remarkable reversal . U.S. approval ratings in Turkey plunged to 9 percent , according to a 2007 Pew Research poll , making America less popular in Turkey then almost anywhere else in the world , even though the two countries are NATO allies . There was widespread anger among Turks at the war in neighboring Iraq . But the election of Barack Obama appears to have dramatically improved perceptions of America . "  Bush was a dictator who attacked other countries , " said Abdurrahman Ozdemir , who sells cigarettes from a small stall on the street . "  But we love Obama ... because he does not want to go to war with other countries . " "  We started to love and like America because of Obama , " said a 33-year-old woman named Begum Arinc . "  I do n't want to see people dying . I do n't want to see any war . That 's why I want to believe in Obama . "	Michael Lamar strikes an Obama-like figure in ads for a bank in Turkey Lamar worked for JP Morgan Chase for 18 years before being laid off President Obama will be in Turkey soon on presidential visit U.S. approval ratings in turkey have plunged in recent years
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson knew "  exactly how his fate would be played out " and feared his death would echo that of Elvis Presley , Lisa Marie Presley wrote in an online blog posted Friday morning . Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley in 1994 . Presley says , "  I loved him very much " and believes he loved her . Presley -- the daughter of Elvis , the "  King of Rock , " and the ex-wife of Jackson , the "  King of Pop " -- wrote on her MySpace page that she wanted "  to say now what I have never said before because I want the truth out there for once . " Her publicist confirmed Presley wrote the blog . She said her short marriage to Jackson -- from May 1994 until January 1996 -- "  was not ' a sham ' as is being reported in the press , " but she divorced him because she was "  in over my head in trying " to save Jackson "  from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . " Jackson talked with her about his death during "  a deep conversation " 14 years ago about "  the circumstances of my father 's death . " Watch more from Presley on Jackson " "  At some point he paused , he stared at me very intensely and he stated with an almost calm certainty , ' I am afraid that I am going to end up like him , the way he did , ' " Presley wrote . "  I promptly tried to deter him from the idea , at which point he just shrugged his shoulders and nodded almost matter of fact as if to let me know , he knew what he knew and that was kind of that . " That conversation haunted Presley as she watched television coverage of Jackson 's death Thursday , she said . "  I am sitting here watching on the news -LSB- as -RSB- an ambulance leaves the driveway of his home , the big gates , the crowds outside the gates , the coverage , the crowds outside the hospital , the cause of death and what may have led up to it and the memory of this conversation hit me , as did the unstoppable tears , " she wrote . "  A predicted ending by him , by loved ones and by me , but what I did n't predict was how much it was going to hurt when it finally happened . " Elvis Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . "  As I sit here overwhelmed with sadness , reflection and confusion at what was my biggest failure to date , watching on the news almost play by play the exact scenario I saw happen on August 16 , 1977 , happening again right now with Michael  A sight I never wanted to see again  just as he predicted , I am truly , truly gutted , " she wrote . "  I wanted to ` save him ' , " she wrote . "  I wanted to save him from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . " "  The hardest decision I have ever had to make , which was to walk away and let his fate have him , even though I desperately loved him and tried to stop or reverse it somehow , " Presley wrote . Their marriage , which some suggested was only to help Jackson 's image , was real , she said . "  It was an unusual relationship , yes , where two unusual people who did not live or know a ` normal life ' found a connection , perhaps with some suspect timing on his part , " she wrote . "  Nonetheless , I do believe he loved me as much as he could love anyone and I loved him very much . " Presley called Jackson "  an incredibly dynamic force and power that was not to be underestimated . " "  When he used it for something good , it was the best and when he used it for something bad , It was really , REALLY bad , " she wrote . Presley 's blog entry ended with a thank you to those who would read it . "  I really needed to say this right now , thanks for listening . " Presley 's blog can be found online at http://bit.ly/5wR7p	Lisa-Marie Presley , Jackson were married from 1994 to 1996 She says Jackson feared he would die like her father , Elvis Presley Presley says their marriage was not "  a sham " as press has said "  I wanted to save him from the inevitable , " she says
EW.com  -- Did n't get a chance to read "  Girls " creator Lena Dunham 's $ 3.7 million book proposal when it leaked online last Friday ? Too bad -- Gawker , the site that originally published the proposal , has removed it after being contacted by Charles Harder , the 26-year-old multihyphenate 's lawyer . Buzzfeed has taken down every image from a post titled "  9 Passages From Lena Dunham 's Book Proposal Illustrated By Her Instagrams " as well . But while Gawker writer John Cook got rid of the proposal itself -- though it 's probably still floating around on the Internet , since Cook posted it as a downloadable Scribd file -- he neglected to scrub several of its quotes from his original blog post despite Harder 's cease and desist . ` New Girl ' gig for Brenda Song Instead , Cook has added snide commentary meant "  to clarify our intent in quoting the above matter from Dunham 's proposal " to each excerpt . Example : "  The quoted sentence demonstrates that Dunham is incapable of conceiving a rationale for writing that does n't serve the goal of drawing attention to herself . " "  Girls " returns to HBO January 13 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gawker has removed Dunham 's $ 3.7 million book proposal after being contacted by her lawyer Buzzfeed has also taken down its post on Dunham 's proposal "  Girls " returns to HBO January 13
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesians are heading to the polls Wednesday to elect its lawmakers in a crucial vote that will set the stage for the upcoming presidential elections . Grappling with questions over the country 's economy and corruption , voters will choose among 19,669 candidates for 532 legislature seats , at the national and sub-national level . Leading the presidential polls is a charismatic Jakarta governor , who is drawing comparisons to the 2008 version of Barack Obama . There are also smaller parties and colorful candidates including an Elvis impersonator , a former beauty queen and a singer . In this election , the political parties must win 25 % of the popular vote or 20 % of the legislative seats in order to officially nominate their candidates for president and vice president . The presidential election is slated for July 9 . Wednesday 's vote will shape the presidency as current President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will end his 10-year tenure this year . Indonesian law prohibits third terms . Leading the polls Recent surveys in Indonesia show a clear frontrunner for his successor . Joko Widodo , a 52-year-old former furniture exporter , built a reputation during his tenure as the mayor of Surakarta in Central Java . The candidate known as Jokowi draws similarities with Obama , because it 's a case of a relatively unknown candidate captivating national attention , says Douglas Ramage , an analyst with Bower Group Asia , based in Jakarta . "  Anyone who was disenchanted with the current government pours their hopes and dreams on him , " he told CNN . Widodo 's supporters cheered on March 14 , when his party , the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle or PDI-P announced him as its presidential candidate . Described as "  folksy and self-effacing , " Widodo 's leadership style has endeared him to supporters . He rose to national prominence in 2012 , when he became governor of the capital , Jakarta . For many , his victory signaled a clamor for a new breed of political leaders . "  If he becomes president in July , he would be the first Indonesian president who does n't come from a military , bureaucratic or elite background , " Ramage said . "  We could be looking at a real generational shift in Indonesian politics . " The Jokowi effect , as many call it now , is expected to change the political landscape . It may even spur apathetic voters , particularly among first-timers , to exercise their right to vote . "  I 'm too lazy to line up and vote but I 'll decide on the day itself , " said Karin , a 28-year-old who voted for Yudhoyono in the last two elections . "  But I do want Jokowi to be president . " But skeptics question whether Widodo has enough experience for the top post . One opinion piece in the Jakara Post asked : "  Can Indonesia afford untested leadership in this age ? " For now , Widodo has had a "  Teflon aura " because criticisms have n't stuck to the candidate , Ramage said . Another contender is Prabowo Subianto , a former general and son-in-law of Suharto , the former strongman who ruled Indonesia for 32 years . Prabowo , the presidential candidate for the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , trails Widodo in most surveys by double digits . A complex election Over the years , the number of national political parties has whittled down to 12 , but the established ones , like the PDI-P and Golkar , which Suharto founded , still dominate legislative elections . On Wednesday , each voter will be handed four ballots at the polling station , two for the upper and lower house , one each for the provincial and district legislatures . It can be daunting , even for seasoned voters . Fitri , a 32-year-old working mother , is still unsure whom to vote for . "  I do n't even know the candidates ' names , " she said . Yudhoyono won the country 's first direct Presidential vote in 2004 , by a landslide , but his popularity has waned since then because of high-profile corruption cases involving members of his Democratic Party . He ran explicitly on a platform of anti-corruption in 2004 and 2009 , said Ramage . "  When voters are asked why they 're not supporting Yudhoyono 's party , there 's a sense of betrayal of promise . " Indonesia is the world 's third 's largest democracy , after the United States and India , which is also currently holding elections . The Indonesian poll will span across 17,000 islands . Final results are not expected until late April or early May .	Indonesians will vote on its lawmakers Wednesday , an election seen as a bellwether for July 's presidential poll Jakarta governor has jumped into national spotlight as presidential contender Presidency to be decided July 9 , but political parties must fare well in legislative election to have a candidate
CNN  -- The MotoGP race due to be held in Japan next month has been postponed until later in the year in the aftermath of Friday 's earthquake and tsunami . The 9.0-magnitude quake caused cracks on the track and damaged spectator seats at the circuit in Motegi , to the north of Tokyo . In a statement on their official website , the sport 's governing body confirmed that the motorbike world championship race would now take place in October . It is the latest in a list of sporting fixtures to be affected by the recent disaster in the Asian country , where there are also fears of a radiation leak from several explosions at a nuclear plant . Japan 's sporting schedule hit in aftermath of quake disaster On Monday it was confirmed that the World Skating Championships , scheduled to take place in Tokyo this month , had been postponed until further notice . The Japanese Football Association , meanwhile , said that no J-League football matches would take place in March , and added that the national team 's upcoming friendly games could also be abandoned . Japan is continuing to experience aftershocks from the quake which has already claimed the lives of thousands of people and left many more homeless . The 18-race MotoGP season will now begin in Losail , Qatar on March 20 . It is the second year in a row that the Japanese round has had to be rescheduled . The 2010 race was also postponed from April to October following the volcanic ash crisis in Iceland that prevented competitors and spectators from flying to the Far East . The opening race in the 2011 Formula One championship has already had to be cancelled this year . The season-opener in Bahrain was called-off amid ongoing political unrest and protests in the country , and the first grand prix will now take place in Melbourne on March 26 .	After Friday 's earthquake and tsunami the MotoGP race in Japan is postponed Although not serious , there was some damage to the race track in Motegi Second year in a row race has been re-scheduled after volcanic ash crisis in 2010 Japanese round of world motorbike championship will now be held on October 2
Washington  CNN  -- Nancy Pelosi says there are 14 million reasons why Chuck Schumer is wrong . In an intraparty feud about political strategy , the House minority leader on Tuesday called out the No. 3 Senate Democratic leader for saying that it was a mistake for Democrats to focus on passing health care reform in 2010 . "  After passing the stimulus , Democrats should have continued to propose middle class-oriented programs and built on the partial success of the stimulus , but unfortunately Democrats blew the opportunity the American people gave them , " Schumer said in a remarks focused on political messaging heading into 2016 at the National Press Club . New York 's Schumer added , "  We took their mandate and put all our focus on the wrong problem -- health care reform . " When asked whether she agreed with Schumer 's assessment , California 's Pelosi did n't mince words in a written statement provided to CNN . "  We come here to do a job , not keep a job . There are more than 14 million reasons why that 's wrong , " Pelosi said . The 14 million figure Pelosi cites references those Americans who now have health care coverage since the law was enacted . It adds together those who have signed up through health care exchanges , those allowed to say on their parent 's health care plans through age 26 and those getting coverage through the expansion of the Medicaid program . Pelosi 's office also maintained that the Affordable Care Act has had a positive economic effect in terms of bending the cost curve over the long term . They also took issue with the notion that the House , under Pelosi 's speakership , was n't focused on the economy after Obama was elected . An aide noted that the House passed a jobs bill the Democratic-led Senate did not take up , and the original version of the stimulus bill the House passed was larger than the final version the Senate approved . Later Tuesday , an White House official also weighed in . As did a couple of former White House officials . An aide to Schumer said the New York Democrat has hinted at this concern in the past . Schumer supported the Affordable Care Act , but from a political timing standpoint , he thought the party could have done other things before turning to health care . But in moving to stake out the party 's message going forward , Schumer put himself at odds with Pelosi , who was one of the fiercest champions of passing the legislation through the House in 2010 . The controversial bill passed without a single Republican vote , and the House GOP filed a lawsuit last week to challenge President Barack Obama 's authority to make changes to the law . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York has questioned Democrats ' timing in passing health reform Rep. Nancy Pelosi counters that Democrats also focused on the economy Pelosi to CNN : "  We come here to do a job , not keep a job "
Google Glass 's vision for its future is coming into focus . On Tuesday , Google announced it will add Google Glass options for prescription glasses , its most requested feature since it launched the face-mounted computers last year . The move is the latest attempt by Google to make the beta version of its connected eyewear more fashionable and consumer friendly before it releases the product to the broader public toward the end of 2014 . The prescription lenses will be available in a set of newly designed , fashion-conscious frames that will cost $ 225 each . This new Titanium line will include four frame shapes called curve , thin , split and bold . The outside of the Titanium frames is gray , but there are four options for subtle accent colors inside the frames . Google is also adding three options for sunglasses that will cost $ 150 each . The actual Glass hardware , which can shoot video and projects Internet content such as e-mails , walking directions and sports scores onto a tiny screen above the wearer 's right eye , is staying the same for now . It was last updated in October , when the team made sure the design was modular and could attach to the right side of the Titanium glass frames . You still ca n't quickly pop Google Glass off one frame and onto another , because the process requires undoing a small screw . While the task is easy enough , the system is not meant for frequent frame changes . Google is betting that people will be so comfortable wearing Google Glass that they wo n't have to choose between prescription glasses and Google Glass . "  We 're going to reach some day , hopefully it will be soon , where people will wonder ` why would I want traditional glasses ? They do n't do X , Y or Z , ' " said Google Glass Product Director Steve Lee . Fusing Google Glass with prescription lenses could lead to its own set of problems , however , because wearers ca n't take them off without limiting their vision , and the Internet-enabled glasses are n't welcome everywhere . Earlier this month , an Ohio man was questioned by local and federal law enforcement for wearing his Google Glass during a movie . The authorities suspected he was secretly recording the film until he explained the eyewear was turned off and connected to a pair of prescription frames .  He had purchased the custom frames for $ 600 through a third party . Driving while wearing Glass is also a thorny issue in many states , including California , where a woman was ticketed last year for wearing the device while behind the wheel . The citation was dismissed in court , but since many people need their prescription glasses to drive , there could be an uptick in the number of motorists sporting Google Glass . Google is confident these types of issues will be resolved as Glass becomes more common place and people learn to recognize when the device is turned on or off . Currently there is no indicator light but when the device is on , other people can see a faint light on the Glass screen . The company hopes venues and states hostile to Glass might even embrace it down the road . For example , there 's a Glass app called Drive Safe Google Glass that can wake drivers up if it detects they are falling asleep . That might appeal to law enforcement . Theaters could embrace the technology as a way to deliver close captioning for movies to certain audience members . "  I think you need to give the technology a chance to breathe and evolve , " said Google Glass spokesperson Chris Dale . Prescription glasses can be pricey without insurance , so Google has struck a deal with vision benefits company Vision Service Plan , commonly known as VSP , to add coverage for wearers of the new specs . Insurance reimbursements will extend only to the frames and prescription lenses and ca n't be used toward the Glass device itself , which still costs $ 1,500 . The new frames were designed in-house by Google employees on the Glass team , despite earlier rumors of a possible partnership with hip eyewear retailer Warby Parker . Going forward , the company does hope to work with third-party eyewear companies so partners can create their own Google Glass compatible products . Even with the regular-looking new frames , someone wearing Google Glass still stands out . In the future , it might be possible to shrink the hardware down so that it 's more subtle , but Google does n't necessarily think that 's what all users will want . More modular designs and partnerships with third parties could expand the options so that a Glass wearer could decide between wearing an obvious look or going undetected . "  Sometimes I want to go out and I want to be seen , I want people to talk to me about Glass . I 've actually found glass to be the most social experience ever , " said Lee . "  But other times I just want to go about my business , stay low key . " Fighting fires with the help of Google Glass Google Glass users fight privacy fears	Google says it will add Google Glass options for prescription glasses Lenses will be available in a set of newly designed frames that will cost $ 225 Move is the latest attempt by Google to make its connected eyewear more fashionable But the Internet-enabled glasses still are n't welcome everywhere
CNN  -- A Carnival cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico will need to be towed to port after an engine fire , a cruise line official said Sunday . The Carnival Triumph was in waters off the Yucatan Peninsula , heading back to Galveston , Texas , when the fire occurred Sunday morning , said Astevia Gonzalez from the Carnival Cruises family support team . The ship 's automatic fire extinguishing system kicked in and soon contained the blaze , and no injuries were reported . The fire still left the ship and its more than 3,000 passengers and 1,000 crew members without propulsion , leaving it drifting about 140 miles off the Mexican coast , the cruise line said in a statement . "  The ship 's technical crew has determined the vessel will need to be towed to port , " Carnival said around 7:30 p.m. ET Sunday . "  A tugboat is en route to the ship 's location and will tow the vessel to Progreso , Mexico , which is the closest port . " According to Gonzalez , the ship is expected to arrive in port Wednesday . She said that passengers were never without electricity , thanks to emergency generators , and have ample food and water onboard . Even more food and beverages were being transferred Sunday night onto the Triumph from one of its sister ships , the Carnival Elation , which was on scene . The Coast Guard said Sunday night that its officials are communicating with the ship 's crew , adding that its Cutter Vigorous should arrive on-site early Monday morning . After they are towed to Progreso , those aboard the Carnival Triumph will be flown back to the United States at no cost to them , the cruise line said . They will also get a full refund , credit that can be used toward a future trip and reimbursement for all expenses -- except casino and gift shop purchases -- for their current trip . The vessel 's next two departures , scheduled for Monday and Saturday , have been canceled . Those slated to be on those trips will get full refunds and discounts toward future cruises , the cruise line said . Read also : 5 killed during safety drill Read also : Eight icy getaways	NEW : The Coast Guard says one of its ships should arrive at the cruise liner early Monday A fire occurs in the engine room of the Carnival Triumph on Sunday morning Afterward , the ship has no propulsion and now will need to be towed , the cruise line says No injuries reported ; passengers and crew have food , water and electricity from generators
CNN  -- Sensible immigration reform will strengthen American society and economy . But it must also respect the rights of U.S. citizens and those aspiring to join them . Buried in the comprehensive immigration reform legislation before the Senate are obscure provisions that impose on Americans expansive national identification systems , tied to electronic verification schemes . Under the guise of "  reform , " these trample fundamental rights and freedoms . Requirements in Senate Bill 744 for mandatory worker IDs and electronic verification remove the right of citizens to take employment and "  give " it back as a privilege only when proper proof is presented and the government agrees . Such systems are inimical to a free society and are costly to the economy and treasury . Any citizen wanting to take a job would face the regulation that his or her digitized high-resolution passport or driver 's license photo be collected and stored centrally in a Department of Homeland Security Citizenship and Immigration Services database . The pictures in the national database would then need to be matched against the job applicant 's government-issued "  enhanced " ID card , using a Homeland Security-mandated facial-recognition "  photo tool . " Only when those systems worked perfectly could the new hire take the job . Immigrant employees would probably have to get biometric  based on body measurements like fingerprint scans and digital images  worker ID cards . Social Security cards may soon become biometric as well . Any citizen or immigrant whose digital image in the Homeland Security databank did not match the one embedded in their government-issued ID would be without a job and benefits . Yet , citizens have a constitutional right to take employment . Since the Butchers Union Co. decision in 1884 , the U.S. Supreme Court has held that "  the right to follow any of the common occupations of life is an inalienable right ... under the phrase ` pursuit of happiness . ' " This right is a large ingredient in the civil liberties of each citizen . The digital ID requirements in S. 744 eliminate that fundamental right to take employment and transform it into a privilege . This constitutional guarantee could in effect be taken away by bureaucratic rules or deleted by a database mistake . As philosopher John Locke , whose phrase "  consent of the governed " animates the Declaration of Independence , once said , everybody "  has a property in his own person . " Who is a citizen is today determined by his or her American personhood . Under S. 744 , that would no longer be true . Instead , the determination of whether someone has a right to take a job would be made by two computer files : one in a Department of Homeland Security database and the other on a government-issued ID card . Identity and IDs become "  property of the U.S. government . " Moreover , S. 744 undermines constitutional federalism by resurrecting ID provisions that most states have rejected . Not only does S. 744 mandate "  E-Verify " as a national electronic verification system for employment for the 33 states that have not joined it  Illinois actually outlawed its use  , the bill also revives the moribund "  Real ID " requirement for sharing of driver 's license photos among the states and federal government , which 25 states opposed by law or resolution . Only 13 states joined as of last year . In short , S. 744 gets around states ' repeated rejections of national identification systems by lumping E-Verify and Real ID into overly comprehensive national identification  rather than immigration  "  reform . " S. 744 's provisions also mandate collection of the details about almost every American , an enumeration task the Constitution authorizes only to the census every 10 years , and then only under a 72-year guarantee of confidentiality . Moreover , though the search for religious freedom created this country and begins the Bill of Rights , S. 744 removes the religious accommodations that 20 states offer in the form of driver 's licenses without photographs for reasons of religious faith . These follow the Supreme Court 's upholding of a Nebraska woman of Christian faith 's observance of the Second Commandment prohibition against images  other religions may also qualify  . If mandatory digital photos and biometric IDs are forced on religious believers , many are convinced that they will face eternal condemnation . E-Verify essentially equates all Americans with "  illegal immigrants . " Instead of naturalization freeing legal immigrants from carrying mandatory "  green cards , " universal E-Verify would impose IDs on American citizens . E-Verify effectively creates a "  no-work " list for the unverifiable . Uses of worker IDs will proliferate like Social Security numbers -- once intended "  not for identification purposes " -- and driver 's licenses -- once simply proving driving skill . Worker IDs could become "  travel licenses " for "  official purposes , " as defined by the secretary of Homeland Security , like entering government buildings , flying  still possible now without ID  or taking public transit . These undermine the rights to petition government and to travel . Even though the bill says it does not authorize a national ID , its provisions do . Digital photos in the Homeland Security databank can be used to match anyone anywhere using facial recognition surveillance technology . Because the standards are cross-national and the U.S. exchanges information with other governments and global organizations , the digital photos will probably be shared with foreign and international intelligence and police agencies . Moreover , the recent revelations of IRS and National Security Agency excesses raise the question of universal E-Verify as the foundation for a central surveillance system of storing and tracking job , tax , communication and biometric information on individuals . This shifts too much power to the government and away from citizens . Worker ID systems will burden individuals and businesses with large expenses . Many Americans without driver 's licenses will lose work time traveling to vital records offices for birth or marriage certificates or to motor vehicle agencies for state IDs to become eligible to be E-Verified . The large costs some people pay will include the inability to work because they can not get proper documentation . A comprehensive worker ID system will cost taxpayers and businesses , big and small , billions for the time and "  photo tool " equipment needed to implement such a system to E-Verify the entire labor force . Universal E-Verify might also push employers and employees toward the black market , encouraging the hiring of workers off the books . It could cost employers and employees more than $ 6 billion and reduce tax revenues by $ 17 billion a decade . As one immigration-policy expert was quoted saying in the Wall Street Journal , a biometric E-Verify system is "  not only a gross violation of individual privacy , it 's an enormously high-cost policy that will have an incredibly low to negligible benefit . " Even sponsors of the bill have noted that biometric tracking systems are inordinately expensive and "  have experienced problems in test runs . " If E-Verifying costs $ 150 per employee , only a third  37 %  of Americans say in polls that they would support using the system . The existing E-Verify is infamous for database errors that kept tens of thousands of citizens out of work and in limbo . Nationwide E-Verify could raise that number many-fold . A 1 % error rate for a labor force of more than 150 million workers , with the vast majority being American citizens , leaves 1.5 million unemployed . These ID provisions divert attention and resources from effective and comprehensive policy measures to legalize more immigrants , workers and workplaces . Together , good public policy combinations can let people enter and leave by the "  front door " and jointly reduce the pressures for overemphasis on border security and the excuses for invasive and unconstitutional ID and verification systems . Moreover , these complement simpler and less invasive alternatives to E-Verify , such as longstanding provisions for citizen attestation of their rights . And others can "  answer questions about previous addresses or other details . " These can be implemented inexpensively on forms kept at the workplace . Protecting the constitutional right to employment of a diversity of citizens helps everyone who wants to contribute to prosperity and to become American by maintaining citizenship as the bedrock of freedoms . Our citizenship must remain the gold standard , rather than a tarnished dream , for both current Americans and those seeking to enter here . Our leaders have to hear that E-Verify , digital IDs and databanks , and biometric worker cards need to be dropped fast . Increased legal immigration , reasonable legalization , fair work standards enforcement and viable guest worker options can sustain citizenship and employment rights fairly and without exorbitant costs . And we do not want biometric worker IDs or digital "  Big Brother " verification schemes that trample on the basic rights of American citizens and those working to join us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Richard Sobel .	Richard Sobel : Comprehensive immigration reform is a good thing for the U.S. But he says provisions in the Senate bill would impose intrusive ID systems Many workers could be denied the right to work because of faulty systems , he says Sobel : ID proposals are costly and endanger constitutionally protected freedoms
Atlanta  CNN  -- Bishop Eddie Long , head of one of the nation 's largest mega churches , announced Sunday he will take "  time off " from the pulpit to work on his family . The announcement came three days after his wife Vanessa filed for divorce . Although her husband 's church issued a statement Friday , attributed to Vanessa Long , saying she was withdrawing the divorce petition , her attorney said she was proceeding with it . Last spring , Long , head of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church , settled a lawsuit filed by four young men who accused him of pressuring them into sexual relationships while they were teenagers and members of the congregation . He denied the allegations against him . "  I 'm going to take a little time off to work with my family , " Long said Sunday to a packed house at the televised service . "  I do want you to know that this is , for me and my family , especially with me , one of the most difficult times and things I 've had to face , and only because my strength , other than God , is in Miss Vanessa , " he said to huge applause . "  And I want you to rest assured that I love her and she loves me . ... In all the things that I 've ever had to deal with and being pastor , my rock has been to be able to come home to a virtuous woman who always had peace in my house , " he said . "  We 're going  to  work it out , " he said . He insisted that the two of them are not fighting , and that they are not mad at each other . Long said the situation is "  not because of allegations " of sexual relationships last year and instead blamed the pressures of being a pastor 's wife . "  It 's been very difficult to her , some of the things that she 's had to endure , " he said . The church issued a statement emphasizing that Long is not stepping down , and "  will continue to be the senior pastor of New Birth . " Eddie Long 's wife files for divorce Her attorney 's statement Thursday said Vanessa Long "  continues to hope that this matter may be resolved expeditiously , harmoniously and fairly . " Her divorce documents say the Longs are "  living in a bona fide state of separation . " The 12-page petition adds that Vanessa Long "  is entitled to a divorce upon grounds that the marriage between the parties is irretrievably broken , there being no hope of reconciliation of the parties , and it being in the best interest of all parties concerned that this marriage be terminated by divorce . " The statement attributed to her that was issued by the church had said , "  Upon prayerful reflection , I have reconsidered and plan to withdraw my petition for divorce from my husband , Bishop Eddie L. Long . I love my husband . " "  I believe in him and admire his strength , and courage , " that statement attributed to her said , adding , "  My filing followed years of attacks in the media that frustrated and overwhelmed me . I love my family and church family , New Birth Missionary Baptist Church . Therefore , my husband and I have mutually agreed to find healing from these attacks . We ask that you respect our privacy during this time . " In announcing that she was still seeking divorce , her attorney Michael W. Tyler said , "  To avoid any undue confusion , Mrs. Long 's future statements , if any , will be issued through her attorneys only . At this time , neither she nor we will have any further comment on this matter . " Two Eddie Long accusers break silence The lawsuit filed against Eddie Long by the four young men alleged that he used "  monetary funds from the accounts of New Birth and other corporate and non-profit corporate accounts to entice the young men with cars , clothes , jewelry , and electronics . " Long has preached passionately against homosexuality for years . In an August interview , two of Long 's accusers said they were haunted by what happened between them and the powerful pastor and added they are writing a tell-all book about their experiences . Church member talks about reals estate lawsuit against Long "  It 's just not enough anymore . I thought I could cover the pain up . I thought I could move , start over and everything will go away . I was terribly wrong , " Jamal Parris , one of the accusers , told CNN affiliate WSB . Parris pointed to a "  JL " tattoo on his arm , which he said stands for "  Jamal Long . " He said Long was with him when he got the tattoo . He said that he grew up without a father and that Long preyed on that vulnerability . "  To have a man love me for just who I was . I just had to be me and love him back , " Parris said . CNN 's Mia Aquino contributed to this story	NEW : Church insisted Long is not stepping down Eddie Long blames the pressures Vanessa has faced as pastor 's wife Vanessa Long said she is proceeding with divorce , despite a church statement that she was withdrawing it Long settled a lawsuit by young men who said he pressured them into sexual relationships
NFL star Adrian Peterson turned himself in to authorities early Saturday in east Texas , one day after news broke that Peterson had in the local prosecutor 's view hurt his child "  with criminal negligence or recklessly " under the guise of discipline . Shortly after reporting to authorities , Peterson posted $ 15,000 bail and was released , according to the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office . That $ 15,000 likely wo n't make much of a dent on Peterson 's checkbook . He agreed to a lucrative contract in 2011 with the Minnesota Vikings , which numerous publications , including NFL.com , reported would be worth $ 100 million  including $ 36 million guaranteed  over a 7-year period . Still , the charge he faces has already impacted Peterson negatively : He wo n't play Sunday , at least , after the Vikings deactivated him for their game with the New England Patriots . And the NFL said it was reviewing the incident under league 's personal conduct policy . Peterson has n't spoken publicly since a grand jury indicted him on a felony charge of child abuse . But his lawyer has , saying that Peterson used "  a switch to spank his son " in doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " "  Peterson  will continue to insist on his innocence of any intended wrongdoing , " the attorney , Rusty Hardin , said Friday . On Saturday , Montgomery County Assistant District Attorney Phil Grant -- whose office made the case against Peterson to the grand jury over a period of weeks -- said prosecutors "  will take this charge extremely seriously and we look forward to presenting this case to a jury . " According to Texas law , a person can be convicted of injury to a child if they are proven to have caused bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or causing such harm by omission . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . In Texas , someone can defend himself against a charge of injury to a child if they can prove it happened while they were administering "  reasonable discipline , " Grant said . But that 's not what prosecutors think happened in Peterson 's case . "  Obviously , parents are entitled to discipline their children as they see fit , except for when that discipline exceeds what the community would say is reasonable , " the district attorney said . "  And so , a grand jury , having indicted this case , looked at the injuries that were inflicted upon this child and determined that that discipline was not reasonable . " NFL fallout News of Peterson 's indictment rocked the NFL . Part of it has to do with the fact that Peterson has long been one of the league 's most popular and successful players . His best campaign was in 2012 , when the Palestine , Texas , born player earned Most Valuable Player honors after rushing for 2,097 yards , just nine yards short of the single-season mark . The historic 2012 campaign came after a potentially career-ending knee injury . Peterson 's 2-year-old son was found unresponsive last year in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , and later died of what authorities said were injuries consistent with abuse . Joseph Robert Patterson , the boyfriend of the boy 's mother , has been charged with murder in that case . The felony injury to a child charge also comes at a tough time for the NFL generally because of the Ray Rice case . League officials have been heavily criticized for their actions in that case , including the initial two-game suspension given to Rice prior to surveillance video that emerged showing him delivering a knockout blow to then-fiancee Janay Palmer in a casino elevator .  The two are now married . After that video came out earlier this week , Commissioner Roger Goodell made Rice 's suspension indefinite . That decision was not enough , however , to placate critics -- especially after reports surfaced that NFL executives allegedly had received a copy in April of the damning video from inside the elevator and that Rice himself might have admitted in June to Goodell that he 'd punched Palmer . These reports have shifted more criticism to Goodell and other NFL executives . Rice certainly has n't gotten a pass either , especially with his future up in the air and the video showing him hitting Palmer being played again and again on sports and news broadcasts . Still , he has gotten some support . He returned Saturday to watch a high school football game in his hometown of New Rochelle , New York , which is a New York City suburb . He was joined on the sidelines by Palmer . "  Ray is a part of our family , and a part of this program , and that 's why I 'm very happy he 's here today because , because he made a mistake , " New Rochelle High School football head coach Louis DeRienzo said . "  And he made a very terrible mistake , but I know the character of the man and he will rise from this . " Principal Reginald Richardson noted that Rice 's Baltimore Ravens jersey had been taken down from inside the school because of the ordeal and that school officials have condemned what happened in "  no uncertain terms . " "  At the same time , " Richardson said , "  we do support Ray and his family as they go through this hard , difficult time . Because , again , this is his home . " NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans	The NFL is reviewing the case under personal conduct policy Grand jury indicted Peterson on a felony charge of injury to a child It led the sheriff 's office to issue a warrant for his arrest His bond amount was set at $ 15,000
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A car bomb explosion near the airport in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , killed two people and wounded four more Thursday , police Capt. Mohamed Hussein said . Those killed were civilians , and four security guards were wounded . The blast occurred when a suicide attacker drove an explosives-laden car into two bulletproof U.N. cars and detonated it , Hussein said . The area of the attack , Mogadishu 's airport , is heavily guarded . It is considered one of the city 's safe havens . No U.N. personnel were killed or injured , a U.N. spokeswoman in Mogadishu said . Terror network Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia , claimed responsibility for the attack . Spokesman Sheikh Abdiazia Abu Musab contradicted the U.N. spokeswoman and claimed that the blast killed three foreign U.N. employees . The group has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States . It hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state by force but has launched attacks in other countries , such as Kenya and Uganda , that have killed dozens . The U.S. military conducted an airstrike in southern Somalia in late January against a suspected militant leader , a U.S. military official told CNN then . It is unclear if that leader was killed . On Wednesday , eight mortar rounds rained down on Mogadishu , security officials and witnesses said . No group has yet claimed responsibility for that attack .	Four others were wounded in the attack , officials say Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack Mortar rounds fired on Mogadishu Wednesday , authorities say
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and his wife Kate are expecting their first child after 19 months of marriage , the palace announced Monday . But until 2011 , any daughter born to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would not have enjoyed an equal right to inherit the British throne . Rules dating back centuries decree that the crown passes to the eldest son and is only bestowed on a daughter when there are no sons . All this changed at an October 2011 meeting of the leaders of 16 Commonwealth countries in Perth , Australia , where they unanimously agreed to amend the succession rules . CNN examines the background to a controversial and long-running debate . Latest : William and Catherine expecting royal child What prompted the change ? The issue has been discussed in the UK for many years -- and changes have been proposed before -- but it requires an act of parliament and the agreement of the 15 other realms where British royalty is the head of state to alter the rules of succession . Successive UK governments have failed to find parliamentary time to debate proposals to change the law . A spokesman at UK Prime Minister David Cameron 's office said it had often been thought of as "  too thorny and complicated to deal with quickly . " The marriage of William and Catherine in April 2011 brought the issue back into focus . David Cameron referred directly to the couple in his speech to Commonwealth leaders , saying the succession rules were "  outdated . " "  The idea that a younger son should become monarch instead of an elder daughter simply because he 's a man ... this way of thinking is at odds with the modern countries that we 've all become , " he said . White House to royal couple : Congrats ! So what was agreed ? The leaders of the 16 Commonwealth countries that have Queen Elizabeth II as head of state unanimously agreed that sons and daughters of British monarchs will have an equal right to the throne . They also agreed that a future British monarch can marry a Roman Catholic -- something that is currently banned . What was the historical basis for the old rules ? The tradition of favoring the male heir -- called male primogeniture -- goes back many centuries and can be seen in the extensive family tree of the British monarchy . But a key law which governs the way British monarchs are chosen is the 1701 Act of Settlement which has its roots in the religious strife of the age . The official British Monarchy website explains that the act was designed to secure the protestant succession to the throne . Royal commentator and former editor of the International Who 's Who , Richard Fitzwilliams , explained that this has been a divisive issue ever since the English Tudor King Henry VIII split with the Catholic Church in Rome in the 16th Century , leading to decades of religious persecution . The Act of Settlement decreed that no Roman Catholic or anyone married to a Catholic could hold the English crown . This is now to be amended so that an heir to the throne can still be monarch even if they marry a Catholic . The British Monarchy website gives two examples of the current royal family who were removed from the line of succession because they married Roman Catholics -- George Windsor , Earl of St Andrews , and Prince Michael of Kent . How are William and Catherine affected ? The changes mean that if the couple 's first born is a girl , she will eventually become queen . Previously , a younger son would have taken precedence . However , this could be many years in the future . Prince Charles is first in line to the throne when Queen Elizabeth II dies , and his son William would ascend after his reign . David Cameron 's speech makes it clear that the new rules are not retroactive , so Prince Charles 's eldest sibling , Anne , will not be in line to the throne in front of her younger brothers Andrew and Edward . It also means that any heir born to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge can marry a Catholic and retain the crown . What is n't changing ? The British sovereign is also head of the Church of England -- part of the Anglican church -- and retains the title Defender of the Faith . David Cameron said at the 2011 meeting that "  the monarch must be in communion with the Church of England because he or she is the head of that church . " This would currently bar a Catholic holding the crown . Prince Charles caused controversy in 1994 when he said in a TV interview that he would rather be seen as "  defender of faiths " to include Catholic subjects of the sovereign which he described as "  equally as important as the Anglican ones or the protestant ones . " He went on to list other faiths as also being equally important . What happens next ? David Cameron explained in his speech to Commonwealth leaders that "  for historic reasons " the UK legislation needed to be published first but the necessary measures would be implemented at the same time across the Commonwealth . However , the process is a complex one . The Downing Street spokesman said that in addition to the Act of Settlement , many other archaic laws would have to be amended -- these include the Bill of Rights 1689 , the Coronation Oath Act 1688 , the Acts of Union and the Royal Marriage Act 1772 . Each of the 15 other Commonwealth members would then have to amend their own legislation . So which countries are affected ? The Commonwealth consists of 54 independent states , most of which have ties to the United Kingdom , but Queen Elizabeth II is head of state to only 16 of them including the UK . Those nations are Antigua and Barbuda , Australia , Bahamas , Barbados , Belize , Canada , Grenada , Jamaica , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , St Kitts and Nevis , St Lucia , St Vincent and the Grenadines , Solomon Islands , and Tuvalu .	The marriage of William and Catherine brought the succession back into focus Sons and daughters of British monarchs will now have an equal right to the throne Roman Catholics are still barred from holding the crown Both the UK laws and those of 15 other Commonwealth states will have to be amended
Mashable  -- On Sunday , Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G , bringing a long-sought feature to the table : making calls over 3G . By now , 5 million users have downloaded the application from the iTunes Store , showing just how important this feature is to users . Unfortunately , the new feature was accompanied by an unpleasant announcement ; after August 2010 , Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling feature on top of whatever fee you 're already paying your mobile operator for data transfer . Skype promises the fee will be reasonable . "  We 're not going to want to price ourselves out of the market . I ca n't ignore the fact that consumers  currently  use us for free , " said Russ Shaw , Skype 's general manager for mobile . Still , one can not help but wonder how the users will react when faced with a double fee for mobile VoIP calls . How do you feel about it ? Will you continue using Skype over 3G after the fee is introduced ? © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	On Sunday , Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G After August 2010 , Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling The fee is in addition to what you 're paying your mobile operator for data transfer
For much of the past decade , Iran 's nuclear weapons development program has been one of the top national security concerns for the United States . Even as we fought wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and hunted down al Qaeda 's leaders , American intelligence officers , military and top diplomats have been working round the clock to prevent Iran from developing the bomb . An Iran armed with nuclear weapons , capable of threatening Israel and other regional states , would touch off a nuclear arms race in the world 's most volatile region . It would be an unmitigated disaster . We must make all efforts to prevent this . For this reason , I have pressed for ever-tightening sanctions to isolate Iran from the global economy and have supported a policy that leaves all options on the table , including military force . The stakes are simply too high to risk any miscalculation of our resolve by Iran 's leaders . In pushing for ever more punitive sanctions , we held out the hope that by increasing the economic pressure enough , we might be able to force Iran to give up its nuclear weapons ambition and rejoin the community of nations . Now , we are at a moment in the standoff with Tehran that will test that assumption . Opinion : Why Israel , Gulf states are wary of Iran nuclear talks In repeated statements since his election as Iran 's new president in June , President Hassan Rouhani expressed interest in exploring a negotiated end to the sanctions in exchange for walking back its nuclear program and a verifiable inspections to ensure compliance . The just-concluded Geneva meeting , though unsuccessful in achieving a breakthrough on an interim deal , reportedly came close . The Iranians and the P5 +1 group will be reconvening there this week for a second round . In the meantime , there have been calls for the Senate to continue work on a new round of sanctions that was passed by the House with my support earlier this year . Advocates of this approach say that sanctions brought us to this point and passage of a new round of sanctions during the negotiations will improve the likelihood of success at the bargaining table . I disagree . President Barack Obama and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry have asked for more time to test Iran 's willingness to enter into a tough and verifiable process of ending its nuclear weapons program , and I think we should give it to them . The sanctions have succeeded in forcing Iran to the table , and a further round right now -- when it has the potential to derail the negotiations -- is unnecessary . We will know soon enough whether the Iranian regime is serious about a new direction in its nuclear program and its relationship with the West . If it is not , there will be ample opportunity to tighten the stranglehold on Iran 's economy , and further sanctions will have my full support . US-Israel rift over Iran nukes now in the open Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has raised the concern that any relaxation of sanctions in an interim deal risks unraveling the whole sanctions regime . This is not an illusory concern , and for this reason , any partial lifting of the freeze on Iranian assets must be quickly reversible if the Iranians balk on a final deal . But the absence of an interim deal is also problematic if it means another six months of Iranian enrichment . The Iranians must be made to understand that if they walk away or cheat , the sanctions will be tightened to the point of strangulation -- and the international community must be prepared to make good on that threat . I have no illusions about the character of the Iranian regime , nor do I trust it . I do not believe that we can look into Rouhani 's eyes and see the truth , let alone his soul . Even if Rouhani was serious about his intentions , there is no guarantee that Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , would bless any agreement with the international community that forces Iran to verifiably foreswear development of the bomb . I share the concerns that have been expressed by others here , in Israel and in the Gulf states . Ultimately , this is not about trust . It 's not about making concessions to Iran or rewarding the mullahs for thwarting the will of the international community for many years . It is about seizing the opportunity to see whether we can end Iran 's nuclear weapons program without resorting to military action . And if we can not , no doubt will remain that the United States made every effort to resolve this grave threat diplomatically . No negotiation is without risk , and the Iranians ' track record is cause for great skepticism . The administration must not accept a bad deal -- and any interim agreement that provides sanctions relief must be easily and quickly reversible . But neither should the administration be prevented from testing whether it can obtain a good deal that advances our security interests and those of our allies . Yitzhak Rabin , the former Israeli prime minister who signed the Oslo Accords two decades ago , once noted that "  You make peace with your enemies -- not the Queen of Holland . " I agree and urge us to give diplomacy a chance .	Rep. Adam Schiff : Iran 's nuclear program has been a top national security concern for 10 years Schiff : Escalating sanctions were meant to force Iran into a deal , and Iran is at the table He says another round of sanctions could derail negotiations and is unnecessary Schiff : We must seize this chance ; if it fails , there would be no doubt we tried diplomatically
CNN  -- With 20 U.S. states allowing medical marijuana , and others weighing its medicinal or recreational use , advocates of looser laws on weed appear to have the advantage . But leading medical groups remain ambivalent , and opponents are now trying to mobilize for upcoming votes in three states . Florida will vote on whether to legalize the medicinal use of marijuana in November . In New York and Georgia , the state legislatures are debating medical marijuana , while the District of Columbia City Council voted Tuesday to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot . Meanwhile , two more states -- Oregon and Alaska -- are expected to follow the lead of Colorado and Washington and put full legalization on the ballot in 2014 . And in the year-plus since the Colorado and Washington votes , public opinion has swung sharply in favor of loosening marijuana laws . "  That caught everyone , even advocates , by surprise , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the pro-legalization Drug Policy Alliance . In January , a CNN/ORC International survey found 55 % support for legalization , with 44 % opposing it . National polls shifted by about 10 percentage points between late 2012 and late 2013 , with support for legalization climbing to roughly the same level seen in the CNN poll , Nadelmann said . "  A lot of people just began to relax and see the sky 's not going to fall . All we 're doing is moving a booming market from the underground to the legal world , " he said . Those trends were seen even in states like Louisiana , where Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal told CNN in February that he 'd be open to the "  tightly regulated " use of medical marijuana . "  If you look at public opinion polls , support for legalizing medical marijuana is over 70 % nationally , even in the South , " Nadelmann said . Interactive map : A look at marijuana laws in the U.S. There 's also growing pressure to change the drug 's classification as a Schedule I controlled substance , the federal designation for a drug with high risk and no medical use . CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta , who hosts an upcoming documentary on the issue , argues that "  Neither of those statements has ever been factual . " Changing the designation would allow scientists to put the drug 's purported benefits and risks under closer scrutiny , advocates argue . "  I have sat in labs and personally analyzed the molecules in marijuana that have such potential but are also a source of intense controversy . I have seen those molecules turned into medicine that has quelled epilepsy in a child and pain in a grown adult . I 've seen it help a woman at the peak of her life to overcome the ravages of multiple sclerosis , " Gupta writes . "  I am more convinced than ever that it is irresponsible to not provide the best care we can , care that often may involve marijuana . " Two drugs based on chemical compounds found in marijuana -- including the active ingredient , THC -- have been approved by federal regulators and are available by prescription . A cannabis-based mouth spray used to relieve chemotherapy side effects has been approved in Canada and parts of Europe and has been submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its review . The American Cancer Society says research indicates that cannabis derivatives can help alleviate the pain and nausea associated with chemotherapy , but it opposes marijuana smoking or legalization . And in November , the American Medical Association reiterated its stance that marijuana is "  a dangerous drug " that should remain illegal . But it also called for additional research and the use of "  public health based strategies , rather than incarceration " to control it . Meanwhile , opponents say residents of Colorado and Washington -- which issued its first marijuana licenses Wednesday -- may be feeling some buyers ' remorse . "  The white coats are off , " said Kevin Sabet , director of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana . Sabet is a former White House drug policy adviser who co-founded SAM with former Rep. Patrick Kennedy , who has publicly battled his addiction to drugs and alcohol . In a letter to federal regulators , the Justice Department and the White House this week , Sabet , Kennedy and representatives of several leading anti-drug organizations argued that removing marijuana from the Schedule I list "  would be a mistake . " "  We do strongly support efforts to research the components of marijuana . We should break down the barriers of such research by making it easier for researchers to access , store , and administer such components , " they wrote . But that can be done without contributing to "  the normalization of marijuana , " they argued . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : ' I am doubling down ' on medical marijuana In states that have voted in marijuana , Sabet said , residents are uncomfortable with the rise of a new weed industry . "  What they 're getting is cookies and candies and ring pops that are targeted at kids . What they thought they were getting was allowing adults to smoke unencumbered in their own basement , " he said . Sabet said federal laws banning pot are n't changing "  anytime soon . " His organization is raising money and recruiting volunteers to fight the expected votes in Alaska and Oregon . But he said anti-drug forces expect to lose votes in more states before a backlash against legalization can take root . "  We do n't need to have voting on medicine , " he said . "  We need to have medicine in pharmacies that can be prescribed by doctors . "	20 U.S. states now allow medical marijuana Leading medical groups remain ambivalent on the issue There is growing pressure to change marijuana 's Schedule I classification Anti-legalization groups are mobilizing to combat upcoming votes
EW.com  -- The Emmy nominations are being decided even as I write this . Members of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences must hand in their ballots by June 28 ; the nominations will be announced on July 19 . Why do n't we help out these folks and suggest worthy candidates ? That 's the thinking behind the long , carefully reasoned , highly passionate , sometimes stubbornly flukey list that follows . As EW 's TV critic , I tend to have some opinions not shared by the majority of official Emmy voters . I also suspect , however , that you , the EW.com reader , share some of my passions -- such as "  Fringe , " "  Girls , " and "  Community " -- that the Academy is unlikely to nominate . Which is one reason to agitate for them , right ? Over the next couple of weeks , the entire EW.com staff , a hardy band I would dub The Emmy Watch Wizards , will be interviewing actors , producers , and writers from the shows on the list below . The Emmy Watch brigade will also post clips of their best work as part of this great project . I 'm using the Emmy committee 's eligibility period  June 1 , 2011-May 31 , 2012  and you 're going to notice immediately that I exceeded the number of nominations possible in most categories . Why ? Because it 's a wish-list , and I wanted to expand these things here and there , to get in favorites , long shots , and , simply , the deserving . All of which is going to drive some of you nuts , I know , but that 's part of the fun , I hope : Respond , argue , vote , and offer your own ballots for these categories . My wish-list begins below , deserving nominees in no order of preference -- it 's the democratic free-for-all way ! Comedy Series : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : "  Community , " "  Modern Family , " "  Louie , " "  Girls , " "  Parks and Recreation , " "  30 Rock , " "  Enlightened , " "  Happy Endings , " "  How I Met Your Mother , " "  The Middle " With "  Girls , " "  Enlightened , " "  Louie , " and "  Community , " it 's difficult to recall a season in which there were more major network  broadcast and cable  sitcoms that reshaped the genre the way these four have , each in a distinctively different manner . But I also think it was a very strong year for the mainstream sitcom â $ " and just a few years ago , many readers would think I was stretching it to call brilliantly eccentric shows such as 30 Rock or Parks and Recreation mainstream . But headed up by Modern Family , whose mastery of both middle-American sitcom conventions and mass appeal outreach shows so signs of exhaustion , this is a list that suggests the sitcom is in robust health . Drama Series : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : "  Breaking Bad , " "  Homeland , " "  Mad Men , " "  Justified , " "  Fringe , " "  The Good Wife , " "  Sons of Anarchy , " "  Revenge , " "  Game of Thrones , " "  Parenthood " For me , "  Homeland " is the show to beat . No , "  Breaking Bad " is . No , "  Justified " is ... you see the "  problem " here : We 're living in a new Golden Age of Drama !  A Platinum Age ?   A Twitter Age ?  Add to this shows that do n't have a prayer of getting nominated , led by "  Fringe " and tailed by the artful trash of "  Revenge , " and you 've got an amazingly diverse range of possibilities . In another era , one not so dominated by cable , series such as "  Parenthood " and "  The Good Wife " would , I would assert , have won multiple Emmys already . Comedy Actor : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Joel McHale , Louis C.K. , Jim Parsons , Alec Baldwin , Rob McElhenney In contrast to other categories , this one yields the least number of nominees I am enthused about .  Which is worth a post of its own : How did sitcoms become so dominated by women as their central characters ?  But I like the opportunity to give a nod to a very good actor in a mediocre series  that would be Jim Parsons / "  Big Bang Theory "  , as well as the chance to remind readers that Rob McElhenney has been doing excellently buffoonish work on "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia . " And of course I 'm really pulling for Louis CK . Comedy Actress : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Amy Poehler , Laura Dern , Lena Dunham , Julia Louis-Dreyfus , Tina Fey , Zooey Deschanel , Patricia Heaton What a formidable group of performers we have here . Poehler took "  Parks and Rec 's " political-campaign storyline and invested it with strong emotion as well as assiduous hilarity . You might call Lena Dunham 's portrayal of Hannah in "  Girls " minimalist or mumble-core-y ; I 'd call it marvelously sly . And Laura Dern : Holy cow , she turned "  Enlightened " into a showcase for comic acting that carried the weight of the most riveting drama . Plus , Julia Louis-Dreyfus is giving a great performance in a show , "  Veep , " that has n't quite lived up to its initial promise . A fascinating category by any measure . Drama Actor : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Damian Lewis , John Noble , Jon Hamm , Bryan Cranston , Timothy Olyphant , Dustin Hoffman , Steve Buscemi The formidable trio of Jon Hamm , Bryan Cranston , and Damian Lewis ought to be joined by John Noble , whose work on Fringe is fully the equal to the trio 's , and I would definitely include Dustin Hoffman for his work on "  Luck , " despite the fact that the abrupt cancellation of that daring series did not allow for what would doubtless have been the full flowering of what Hoffman had planted in his first season 's labor . Drama Actress : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Claire Danes , Julianna Margulies , Elisabeth Moss , Katey Sagal , Elizabeth McGovern , Anna Torv This category is comparable to what I was saying in the Comedy Actor segment : There are n't as many first-rate showcases for lead women as there are for men in dramas . That stipulated , I believe Anna Torv 's various shadings of the multiple-universe Olivia Dunhams in "  Fringe " was highly Emmy-worthy work . I also think that Elizabeth McGovern has been somewhat overlooked in all the praise for "  Downton Abbey " -- her lovely approach to her character is a model of restrained yet highly effective acting . Whether or not this proved to be Elisabeth Moss ' swan-song on "  Mad Men , " her performance was remarkable , as she moved Peggy from dutiful , imaginative agency cog to a wise-verging-on-cynical woman who you can bet deserved that kiss of fealty Don Draper bestowed upon her hand . And all that said , Claire Danes is the one to beat , I 'd wager . Supporting Actor Comedy : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Ty Burrell , Danny Pudi , Donald Glover , Ed O'Neill , Nick Offerman , Aziz Ansari , Chris Pratt , Max Greenfield This is the category in which Emmy voters really need to widen their field of vision . If you do n't grant that Danny Pudi and Donald Glover in "  Community , " and Chris Pratt and Aziz Ansari in "  Parks and Recreation , " are doing some of the most adroit acting on television , well , it 's time for a revolution , comrades ! And Ed O'Neill got some wonderful showcases for his fully fleshed-out creation in "  Modern Family " this season . Supporting Actor Drama : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Giancarlo Esposito , Mandy Patinkin , John Slattery , Peter Dinklage , Aaron Paul , John Ortiz , Stephen Lang , Joel Kinnaman , Michael Pitt , Walton Goggins , Dax Shepard Yes , this is one loaded-up list . But there 's no one I could not suggest for nomination here . The suggestions of Slattery , Patinkin , Esposito , Dinklage , and Paul are all no-brainers .  In the case of Esposito 's Gus Fring , it 's literally a half-brainer .  But look at the rest of my picks . Joel Kinnaman frequently carried The Killing through its weaker episodes this season on his skinny frame . Dax Shepard made a leap in his acting when presented with some juicy subplots on "  Parenthood . "  Except for that romance with Cello Girl , that is .  And John Ortiz was -- I agree with a remark producer-writer David Milch made to me â $ " "  the soul of ` Luck . ' " My left-field selection here , or so it might seem to you , is "  Terra Nova 's " Stephen Lang , but I would argue that his pumped-up , out-size performance was the best thing about that over-inflated , ultimately disappointing series . Supporting Actress Comedy : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Julie Bowen , Gillian Jacobs , Alison Brie , Eden Sher , Casey Wilson , Allison Williams , Kristen Wiig As in the corresponding male category , new blood is needed here . Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs in "  Community , " Casey Wilson in "  Happy Endings , " and Eden Sher in "  The Middle " all deserve to be recognized for their varying approaches to wackiness . And as reader-divisive a figure as "  Saturday Night Live 's " Kristen Wiig can be  I know from my time recapping "  SNL " that there 's no quicker way to provoke a deluge of comments than to bring up , say , Gilly  , she merits a spot here for her final-season , post - "  Bridesmaids " relentless work ethic-plus-talent . Finally , Allison Williams ' work on "  Girls " might actually be underrated by her casting as the sad-pretty-girl contrast to roommate Hannah , but she really pulled off a tricky role with deftness . Supporting Actress Drama : Emmy Watch wish-list nominees : Madeleine Stowe , Maggie Smith , Christina Hendricks , Archie Panjabi , Anna Gunn , Natalie Zea Here is the most enjoyably motley group of nominees . While Hendricks and Smith are sure-things for official Emmy voters , I would add the firm swagger of Natalie Zea in "  Justified , " the hip-swiveling heinousness that Madeleine Stowe projects in "  Revenge , " and Anna Gunn 's "  Breaking Bad " performance , which only increases with controlled intensity every season . So EW 's Emmy Watch begins . Be on the look-out for our exclusive interviews with wish-list nominees starting next week . And of course , send me your own , below . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Critic picks some of the shows he 's like to see nominated for an Emmy Some award winners of past show up on the list It 's a motely crew of potential nominees
CNN  -- German Bundesliga side Schalke have announced Huub Stevens as the replacement for recently-departed coach Ralf Rangnick , on the same day that former Danish international Michael Laudrup left his role as coach of Spanish club Real Mallorca . Rangnick , 53 , guided Schalke to the semifinals of the European Champions League last season but left the Veltins Arena earlier this month , citing fatigue as his reason for leaving the club . Dutchman Stevens , 57 , previously spent six years as Schalke coach between 1996 and 2002 , guiding the Gelsenkirchen outfit to a UEFA Cup triumph against Italian giants Inter Milan in 1997 . Stevens , who has also had spells in charge of Hertha Berlin , Hamburg and PSV Eindhoven , has signed a two-year deal . "  Huub Stevens , who coached the Royal Blues from 1996 to 2002 , has returned to his former stomping ground with immediate effect , " read a statement on the club 's official website . "  Stevens has put pen to paper on a contract to 30 June 2013 . " Schalke currently sit fifth in Germany 's top division , having won four and lost three of their opening seven matches . As Schalke appointed a new coach , Laudrup ended his one-year tenure in charge of Mallorca . Laudrup , who represented Denmark on 104 occasions , announced his decision to leave the club at a press conference on Tuesday . The former Spartak Moscow coach made the decision due to his relationship with club owner Lorenzo Serra Ferrer becoming damaged beyond repair . "  This situation can not continue like this , " Laudrup , 47 , said . "  From now on , Mallorca will be whatever it is Serra Ferrer wants . " Laudrup guided Mallorca to a 17th-place finish last season as the one-time Copa del Rey winners avoided relegation by just one point . The club sold star midfielder Jonathan de Guzman to Spanish rivals Villarreal in August and Laudrup saw his assistant Erik Larsen sacked on Monday . "  Yesterday one of my assistants was fired , " he said . "  Once again , it is very difficult -- if not impossible -- to find the peace required to work here . "  The team is hurt by this situation . What we need is calm and I can not go home every night , angry , disappointed . I have a family . " Laudrup 's final game in charge was a 2-1 win over Real Sociedad on Sunday , and his former charges travel to Osasuna on Saturday .	Huub Stevens hass returned to Schalke after departure of Ralf Rangnick Dutch coach Stevens previously had a six-year spell in Gelsenkirchen Michael Laudrup has left Spanish outfit Real Mallorca Laudrup resigns after disagreement with club 's owner
AURORA , Colorado  CNN  -- In her best year as a mortgage broker , Laura Glick says she made "  six figures . " This week she was one of more than 1,200 people attending a job fair and applying for one of 150 jobs paying between $ 7 and $ 12 an hour at a new Kohl 's department store in a Denver , Colorado , suburb . Laura Glick says she has a good resume but even getting an interview is difficult . She has been out of work for seven months and never thought it would take her this long to find a job . It 's not the kind of job she thought she would be applying for , but she has a case of the jitters just the same . "  Your heart starts to race , and you get nervous even though it is not some big job like you used to have , " she said . "  I 'll take anything at this point . " Glick is not alone . Many other people have lost their jobs in this tough economy . A record number of jobless claims was set last month , when first-time claims hit a 26-year high of 589,000 claims in one week . Last week 's claims also broke the half-million mark , 524,000 , according to a new government report cited on CNNMoney.com . Glick , 29 , has been living on about $ 1400 a month in unemployment benefits , barely enough to cover her rent and health insurance . To get by she has stopped eating out , given up cigarettes and has stopped taking her pets to the vet for regular checkups . "  Its feels very degrading , some of the places I 'm applying , " Glick said . "  It 's really difficult , and its hard to stay positive , but that 's the only way you 're going to get something is staying positive . And I 'm hoping everything happens for a reason and the doors that have been closed are going to be the ones that lead to open ones . " Watch could you be an entrepreneur " Job seekers have been pouring into a hotel ballroom all week for one of the prized jobs . They fill out paperwork and then are taken up to a hotel room in groups of ten or so . The beds have been removed from the room , and they sit in a circle while store managers holding clipboards ask questions . Most are told they will hear back within three weeks . But some get word right away . "  Hey guess what . I got the job , " exclaimed Rebecca Erickson , speaking to her mother on her cell phone . When the other applicants filed out the managers asked her to stay behind and offered her a job . She was so excited she forgot to ask how much the job pays . "  It 's only part-time , but I 'll take it . There 's always room for advancement , and with it being a new store opening you never know , a full-time position may open up , " she said . Erickson , a 31-year old single mother of three , has been unemployed for about two months and has been supporting her family on about $ 1400 a month in unemployment benefits and food stamps . "  It 's awesome ; It 's great ; I love it , " she said . "  To know that I got a job and they have had over a thousand applications come in for this job , and to know that I am the one to get it is just awesome . " A store opening such as this one is rare . With unemployment at 7.2 percent nationwide and retail sales down for six straight months , there are more going-out-of-business signs than grand-opening signs . Most of the applicants came alone , but a set of identical twins came here as a team . "  Where ever he goes , I go , " said Jeri Hines , here with his brother Jerell . The 23-year-olds seem to always have a smile on their faces and insist on working together . They have spent the past year doing odd jobs such as raking leaves and shoveling snow while working on a comic book . "  Its about a girl running around looking for treasure , " Jerell said . As the Hines twins make their way up to the interview room , their strategy is simple . "  Be really energetic and be sure they know everything they can about you , " Jerell Hines said On the way out their smiles are still in place , they flash a thumbs up sign and in unison call out , "  Keep your fingers crossed . "	1,200 people hoping for a job applied at Colorado store hiring 150 Mortgage broker once earned six figures , hopes for $ 7 - to $ 12-per-hour job Store openings are rare with retail sales down for six straight months A single mother of three is excited after getting a part-time job
ESSENCE.com  -- During this time of economic uncertainty , some historically black colleges and universities are being hit hard as they try to stave off foreclosures , layoffs and dwindling enrollments . Carlton E. Brown is the president of Clark Atlanta University , a historically black university in Georgia . Now Georgia state Sen. Seth Harp , a Republican , says he knows how to ease racial tensions while cutting costs in a state known as a mecca for historically black colleges and universities : merge black institutions with white ones . ESSENCE asked Carlton E. Brown , president of Clark Atlanta University , whether HBCUs can weather the storm . The following is an edited version of that interview : ESSENCE : There have been rumors about Georgia 's HBCUs downsizing . What 's really happening ? Carlton Brown : The most important thing to understand is that nothing is happening to HBCUs that is not also happening to every other institution in America . All of our major donors have been calling us this year , informing us that they have been losing money . This past fall , we enrolled 200 fewer students than we expected , not because of a lack of desire to attend but because of their inability to meet the bill . ESSENCE : ` House of Payne ' star graduating ESSENCE : What is the response from African-Americans to this merger proposal from Republican state Sen. Seth Harp ? Brown : When things are going well , people become comfortable . You might even say complacent . Watch what HBCUs are saying about Obama 's budget cuts " When these issues are raised , they begin to naturally react and think about all the differences that these institutions make in the lives of communities . These institutions pride themselves on building the kind of relationships with students that are transformative . ESSENCE : Do you feel as if this proposal is a political or economic issue ? Brown : It 's become both . In a time of economic decline , everyone looks for what they think is a reduction in cost . It 's like reducing your police force . But by that kind of reduction , you increase unrecoverable costs : There is more death and destruction . The same thing is true when you 're talking about these kinds of institutions . ESSENCE : Is there another answer to save money other than merging ? Brown : The bottom line is that states should be called to support these institutions at the level that they should have been supporting them the last 100-plus years . ESSENCE : ACORN in the hot seat again ESSENCE : What 's your take on Sen. Harp 's explanation that the merger would end signs of Jim Crow segregation ? Brown : I would oppose that . At the point of desegregation , the logical and just approach would have been to close the white institutions , which existed to perpetuate discrimination . ESSENCE : Weighing in on the HBCU controversy ESSENCE : If the proposal becomes reality , what do you think it would mean for HBCUs ? Brown : I think it would be the beginning of the end for them .	Lawmaker says combining black colleges with white ones will cut costs Historically black university president says that move would end HBCUs These institutions pride themselves on building relationships , president says Lawmaker says combination would ease racial tensions as well
CNN  -- Skeletal remains found in the chimney of an Abbeville , Louisiana , bank two months ago have been identified as those of a local man who had n't been seen in 27 years . The remains are those of Joseph W. Schexnider , who vanished at age 22 in January 1984 , Abbeville police Lt. David Hardy told CNN . Schexnider 's disappearance was noted after he failed to show up for a court hearing on a charge of possession of a stolen vehicle . When officers showed up at his home to take him in to custody , Schexnider 's mother said he had fled to avoid arrest . The remains were discovered in May when construction workers were doing renovations on the main branch of the Bank of Abbeville , a historic building that sits on the main square in the southwestern Louisiana town of 25,000 people . Tests done at a Louisiana State University forensics lab established the remains were those of Schexnider . The cause of death was likely dehydration and starvation , Hardy said . Foul play was not suspected and the case is closed , he said . But why Schexnider was in the chimney remains a bit of a mystery . Hardy told reporters that Schexnider had gloves and a cigarette lighter on him , but no bag or anything to indicate he planned to carry loot from the bank . Even if Schexnider had planned a burglary , the chimney would not have gotten him into the bank . Hardy said the fireplace that the chimney vented had no large opening at the bottom from which he could have emerged . How could the remains have gone unnoticed for 27 years ? One , Schexnider had a history of running away , once even joining a traveling circus , Hardy said , so even his family was not actively looking for him . Two , the chimney opens on to the second floor of the red-brick bank building in Abbeville , Hardy said , and for decades the second floor had been used mainly for storage . Schexnider 's family is not commenting on the case , Hardy said	Joseph W. Schexnider vanished at age 22 , when he was facing a stolen vehicle charge The remains were discovered in May by workers doing renovation on the bank building The chimney was too small at the bottom for him to gain entry into the building , police say
Kevin-Prince Boateng scored the fastest Serie A hat-trick in 10 years and Mario Yepes grabbed a late winner as AC Milan came back from 3-0 down for a sensational 4-3 victory at Lecce Sunday . The Rossoneri were 3-0 down at the interval following goals from Guillermo Giacomazzi , a Massimo Oddo penalty and Carlos Grossmuller . But Ghana international Boateng came off the bench to spark a remarkable turn around with a 14-minute treble . Yepes then headed home in the 83rd minute to give Massimiliano Allegri 's men an unlikely victory . "  It was very important that we could win this game , it was unbelievable , we came back , I scored three goals , " man-of-the-match Boateng told AFP . Boateng 's effort was the fastest triple in Italy since David Trezeguet scored a 10-minute hat-trick for Juventus in 2001 . Elsewhere , Udinese went top with a 3-0 victory over newly-promoted Novara . Captain Antonio Di Natale scored a double and Maurizio Domizzi added the third as their side opened up a two-point lead over Juventus , who were held to a 2-2 draw by Genoa Saturday . Milan 's city rivals Inter won their second game in a row as Thiago Motta scored the only goal in their 1-0 defeat of Chievo in the San Siro . In Germany 's Bundesliga there was a big upset as leaders Bayern Munich lost 2-1 at Hannover in a bad-tempered game in which both sides ended with 10 men . Norway striker Mohammed Abdellaoue and Germany 's Christian Pander scored for Hannover to inflict only Bayern 's second defeat of the season . After Abdellaoue converted a 23rd-minute penalty for Hannover , the contest reached a fever pitch with a players from both sides in a mass brawl . Bayern had defender Jerome Boateng sent off and Pander increased the lead after 50 minutes . Hannover were also reduced to 10 men when captain Steven Cherundolo was sent off for a foul on Franck Ribery just after the hour mark . David Alaba pulled a goal back for the leaders with seven minutes left and Bastian Schweinsteiger hit the post , but the home side hung on . Defending champions Borussia Dortmund won 5-0 against Cologne Saturday and trail Bayern by three points .	Kevin-Prince Boateng hits 14-minute hat-trick for AC Milan Fastest Serie A triple in 10 years Milan come from three down to beat Lecce 4-3 Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich lose at Hannover
CNN  -- Imagine the size of the box this one came in -- a Lego tower stretching 36 meters into the sky above the Hungarian capital Budapest . The 34.76 - meter  114 feet  tower , which was completed on Sunday , has been certified as the world 's tallest toy brick structure by Guinness World Records . It beat the previous record holder , a 34.4-meter structure constructed last year with the help of U.S. students from a school in Delaware . A spokesman for Guinness World Records confirmed that the tower qualified as the "  tallest structure built with interlocking plastic bricks . " He said the record was officially registered to Lego Store Budapest on May 25 . The Budapest tower , topped by a Rubik 's cube -- a Hungarian invention -- was also built with the help of Hungarian primary school children , according to local news websites . The structure , built in front of the city 's St. Stephen 's Basilica , used hundreds of thousands of blocks . CNN Travel 's series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Lego tower in Budapest confirmed as world 's tallest by Guinness World Records Tower reaches 34 meters over city 's St. Stephen 's Basilica Local school children helped build the structure , which was topped by a Rubik 's cube -- a Hungarian invention
CNN  -- The sheriff of a small Virginia county , where residents and officials alike had expressed dismay over the burial of a Boston bombing suspect within their midst , said Saturday that it appears "  all paperwork is in order at this point , " suggesting the interment was legal and nothing can be done about it . The previous day , when news came out that Tamerlan Tsarnaev had been buried in Caroline County , local officials said they would review the matter to make sure all protocols were followed . And if they were n't , county board of supervisors chairman Floyd Thomas said Friday , "  We would look into undoing what happened . " Caroline County Sheriff Tony Lippa said , in a statement Saturday , that he and David Storke -- the mayor of Bowling Green , Virginia , who also owns a funeral home -- spent Friday night reviewing the case . That includes looking at Tsarnaev 's death certificate , burial permit official disposition , a removal or transportation permit from Massachusetts and deeds recorded at the Caroline County Circuit Court . Those checks did not turn up anything to indicate the burial was done improperly . In Caroline County , local officials do not need to be consulted or have to approve the burial of a person on county land in advance . Source : Russia withheld details about Tsarnaev "  Like the rest of America , the citizens of this county were outraged by the Boston Marathon bombings . We too mourned the loss of life , prayed for the survivors and offered our support , " Lippa said . "  Unfortunately , we now find ourselves forever connected to this tragedy in the most unsavory way , as the final resting place of one of the alleged terrorists . " As Thomas pointed out , Tamerlan Tsarnaev had "  no ties to Caroline County . " His body ended up there nearly a month after he died following a shootout with police just outside Boston , which took place days after the bombing . Most recently , his body was in a funeral home in Worcester , Massachusetts , where protesters appeared frequently outside amid calls for him to be sent back to where his parents live in southern Russia . That was until a Virginia woman named Martha Mullen came into the picture , reaching out to representatives of her church plus local Muslim , Jewish and Hindu representatives in an effort to find a final resting place for Tsarnaev , according to the Islamic Society of Greater Richmond . Mullen also talked with her local pastor about the moral implications of her spearheading the effort . What did suspected bomber 's widow know ? "  Jesus tells us , ` Love your enemies , ' " she said , according to the Islamic Society . "  Not to hate them , even after they are dead . " On Thursday morning , Tsarnaev was buried in an unmarked grave in Al-Barzakh Muslim Cemetery in Doswell , Virginia . Tsarnaev 's uncle Ruslan Tsarni was a point man in the effort , and he expressed "  outrage " that Tsarnaev 's own parents "  have not been here for their children . " The burial caught people off guard in Caroline County , which has about 30,000 residents . In addition to voicing confusion and disgust , officials expressed concerns that the grave site might become a target for protesters or vandals . A sheriff 's deputy was posted there after the news broke Friday . There were no incidents reported that night and into Saturday , according to the county sheriff 's office , which added that the cemetery will get "  no more and no less " protection than any other cemetery . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III , Jason Hanna , Justin Lear and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	The sheriff of Caroline County , Virginia , reviews the burial of Tamerlan Tsarnaev "  All paperwork is in order at this point , " he says , suggesting burial is legal , ca n't be undone County officials were n't consulted in advance , then expressed surprise and dismay Sheriff : County is "  now connected to this tragedy in the most unsavory way "
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Courts in Myanmar have sentenced a blogger , a poet and several dissidents to several years in jail for anti-regime activities , a court official told CNN Tuesday . Young people at an Internet cafe in Myanmar . The verdicts were announced Monday and Tuesday , the court official said . Blogger Nay Phone Latt was sentenced to more than 20 years in jail for his illegal Internet activities , the court official said . The blogger was a "  major source of information for the outside world " when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations , said The Irrawaddy , an online newspaper published by exiles from Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . The government exercises strict controls over media outlets in the southeast Asian country . Dissidents often turn to the Internet to disseminate information . In the second case , poet Saw Wai received a two-year jail sentence for a poem he wrote for Valentine 's Day that contained a veiled jab at the junta 's leading figure , Senior Gen. Than Shwe . The first words of each line in the eight-line poem , "  February the Fourteenth " spelled out the message : "  Senior General Than Shwe is crazy with power . " On Tuesday , the government handed down prison sentences to about a dozen members of a pro-democracy group known as the '88 Generation Students . Irrawaddy said the members were each sentenced to 65 years in jail , but CNN could not independently confirm the figure . Members of the group took part in the anti-government demonstrations that ended with the death of as many as 100 people last year after security forces clashed with thousands of protesters . The dead included 40 Buddhist monks . Witnesses said the violent crackdown in September 2007 came as hundreds of monks defied a military ban on public assembly . Until then , demonstrations led by the monks -- who are highly respected in the predominantly Buddhist country -- had gone largely unchallenged by the military , which has ruled the country since the 1960s . The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated . The action was informally dubbed the "  Saffron Revolution " because of the maroon robes with saffron sashes that the monks wore .	Myanmar court jails blogger , poet and dissidents for anti-regime activities
CNN  -- A male suicide bomber dressed in women 's clothing killed three members of Somalia 's U.N.-backed interim government and 16 others Thursday when he detonated at a medical school graduation ceremony in Mogadishu , government officials and witnesses said . The Transitional Federal Government said Education Minister Abdullahi Wayel , Health Minister Qamar Aden and Higher Education Minister Ibrahim Hassan Adow were among the dead after the bomber attacked Banadir University 's medical school commencement . The African Union , which leads a peacekeeping mission in Somalia , put the death toll at 19 . The victims also included nine students and two doctors , according to a professor at Banadir University , while journalists said two of their colleagues died in the blast . In addition , Sports Minister Suleman Olad Roble was hospitalized in critical condition , his relatives told local media . Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed blamed the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab for the attack and displayed what he said was the body of the bomber for reporters , a local journalist who attended the news conference told CNN . The body the president displayed had a beard . The president also showed the remains of the suicide belt and shreds of a hijab -- a garment worn by some Muslim women to reflect modesty -- at the news conference , according to the journalist , whom CNN is not naming for security reasons . At the United Nations , the Security Council condemned the bombing as an act of terrorism against "  people dedicated to building a peaceful , stable and prosperous future for the people of Somalia . " It urged a "  thorough investigation " and expressed hope that those responsible would "  be brought swiftly to justice . " "  The Security Council expresses its deepest sympathies and condolences to the families of those killed and to those injured in the attack , as well as to the Transitional Federal Government and the people of Somalia , " the council 's current president , Burkina Faso 's U.N. Ambassador Michel Kafando , said Thursday . Video of the graduation ceremony showed Dr. Osman Dufle , the country 's former health minister , speaking as the camera begins to shake -- apparently from the explosion . Afterward , Dufle told journalists that he saw a person dressed in black moving through the audience just before the blast , according to the Radio Mogadishu journalist . Al-Shabaab is made up of former allies of Ahmed , once a leader of the Islamist movement that briefly held power in Mogadishu in 2006 . Adow , a Somali-American , served as the foreign secretary of the Islamic Courts Union when it held Mogadishu . But while Ahmed and other former members of the ICU accepted a U.N.-brokered peace agreement with the government they once fought , Al-Shabaab -- which the United States says has links to al Qaeda -- has rejected the peace agreement and has waged a bloody campaign against the transitional government . The African Union 's peacekeeping mission AMISOM condemned Thursday 's attack . It vowed to "  spare no efforts to ensure that the perpetrators of this act and such heinous crimes against humanity being carried out in Somalia " will be brought to justice . The journalists killed were Mohamed Amiin Abdullah of Shabelle Media Network and freelance cameraman Hassan Ahmed Hagi , who worked closely with the network . CNN regularly works with Shabelle Media . The African Union condemned the attack , saying it would "  spare no efforts to ensure that perpetrators of this act and such heinous crimes against humanity being carried out in Somalia " will be brought to justice . The National Union of Somali Journalists also condemned the attack and said it brought the number of journalists killed in the country this year to eight . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Three government ministers , two journalists , two professors and nine students among 19 killed Attack struck ceremony held at Hotel Shamo for Banadir University 's medical school President blamed Islamist group Al-Shabaab for attack
CNN  -- The search will continue until at least Friday night for 16 people missing since Thursday morning when a helicopter carrying them to an offshore oil platform ditched in the Atlantic Ocean off Newfoundland , Canadian officials said . A helicopter made an emergency crash landing off Newfoundland en route to Hibernia oil field on Thursday . One survivor , identified as Robert Decker , was found and taken to a hospital , but efforts to find more survivors had proven fruitless , said Maj. Denis McGuire of the Rescue Coordination Center in Halifax , Nova Scotia . The body of one person , who has not been identified publicly , also was pulled from the water . There were 18 people aboard the helicopter when it went down , about 30 nautical miles from St. John 's . "  All we 've got is the debris field , " McGuire said . "  There are no indications of any -LSB- more -RSB- survivors , but the search will continue . " The water is 400 feet deep at the site where the helicopter hit the water , he said . Helicopters and ships were scouring the debris field Thursday evening , and search-and-rescue technicians were planning to use night-vision goggles and flares overnight . The debris filled a six-mile area , said Jeri Grychowski of the Rescue Coordination Centre in Halifax . Officials became aware that the helicopter was having problems shortly after 9:10 a.m. , when the pilot declared a mayday , McGuire said . "  They declared their mayday and then they hit the water or landed in the water approximately eight minutes later , " he said . About 25 minutes later , a helicopter arrived and discovered the survivor , the body , the overturned helicopter and two empty life rafts , he said . Those aboard should have have been wearing survival suits that would have kept them dry and were equipped with lights and personal locator beacons , but the suits have not helped searchers . "  We have not received any signals whatsoever , " McGuire said . The suits theoretically would allow wearers to survive 24 hours in the freezing waters -- or until about 9 a.m. Friday -- but the search effort was to continue well beyond that . "  We will continue to search until there 's absolutely no chance that any survivors will be located , " he said . "  Until last light -LSB- Friday -RSB- . " At that time , based on water temperature and the size of the search area , officials will decide whether to continue the effort , he said . Early in the day , high winds and seas hampered the search , but by late afternoon , the weather had improved , though seas were still about 13 to 16 feet  4 to 5 meters  and winds were at about 40 knots  46 mph  . The survivor was taken to the Health Sciences Center in St. John 's , Newfoundland . The helicopter had been heading to the Hibernia offshore oil platform when it went down in what Grychowski called a controlled emergency crash landing . The pilot reported some technical malfunctions before the crash and radioed that he was turning the chopper around , said Rick Burt of Cougar Helicopters -- the operator of the S-92 Sikorsky copter .	NEW : Search to continue "  until there 's absolutely no chance " of locating survivors NEW : People aboard chopper should be wearing survival suits , locator beacons One survivor in hospital , one man found dead , 16 still missing 18 aboard were oil workers ; copter ditched into waters off Newfoundland
CNN  -- It 's been more than a month since Jerry Mann 's 9,000-acre farm has gotten rain , and when the 56-year-old Montana man examines the dry , shriveling kernels of wheat and barley , he 's understandably nervous . "  We 're looking at a 30-40 % drop in the usual yield if we do n't get some rain here real soon , " he said . The high Tuesday in Great Falls , Montana , is 95 , a number that pales in comparison to the triple digits seen recently in other parts of the country , but presents major problems for its residents -- particularly those involved in agriculture . Extreme weather : Get ready to see more of it With cooling temperatures in the South and Midwest , national attention has shifted to Arizona and California , where temperatures are well above 100 . But the real story is temperatures up to 15 degrees above normal in northwestern cities such as Great Falls , according to CNN meteorologist Sarah Dillingham . Mann , 56 , knows the land and knows the crops . He was born into farming , and on that land he 's raised wheat , barley and a family . A 30 % to 40 % drop in yield , of course , means a 30 % to 40 % drop in income . "  You worry , " he said , sighing . "  But there 's nothing you can do about it . " The heat came early this year , but it is n't uncommon for Montana temperatures to swing wildly , said Great Falls Fire Chief Randall McCamley . It 's one of the things he likes about Great Falls , where he has lived for 30 years . "  We can break a record high and a record low on the same day here , " he said . "  It keeps us guessing . " Though untimely , the temperatures in Montana have n't caused any heat-related deaths , state officials said . But at least 51 people elsewhere in the United States have died from heat-related -- or heat-exacerbated -- causes in the past two weeks . It is difficult to determine an exact number because of a lag time in official counts and differences in the states ' standards . Triple-digit strategies for staying healthy The National Weather Service has issued excessive heat warnings for parts of Arizona , California and Nevada through Wednesday , with temperatures forecast to peak Tuesday at 113 degrees in Las Vegas ; 113 in Phoenix ; 116 degrees in Yuma , Arizona ; and 125 degrees in Death Valley , California . In the Las Vegas Valley , local officials are opening up cooling stations Tuesday to give residents a place to beat the heat . Forecast highs in the 100s will continue into next week . But as the Southwest heated up , the rest of the nation began returning to normal summertime temperatures . A cold front pushed through the Midwest , as well as parts of the South and mid-Atlantic states , sparking severe storms and heavy rain in some areas . The cool-down follows a heat wave that roasted much of the country for more than a week and comes as the National Climatic Data Center reported the mainland United States has experienced the warmest 12 months since record-keeping began in 1895 . Past twelve months warmest ever recorded in U.S. . The report does not take into account blistering heat from this month , with 2,116 high-temperature marks either broken or tied between July 2 and July 8 in communities nationwide . But it does incorporate the warmest March recorded as well as extreme heat in June , which also helped make the first six months of 2012 the warmest recorded of any January-June stretch . "  There are a lot of things going on that have been very unusual over the last several months , " said Dev Niyogi , earth and atmospheric sciences professor at Purdue University . In the last half of June , 170 all-time temperature records were matched or smashed in cities across the lower 48 states . The U.S. State Climate Extremes Committee also is reviewing whether 113-degree temperatures in South Carolina and 112-degree recordings in Georgia qualify as all-time records in those two states . Heat affecting your area ? Share your photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . Six common sun myths , exposed Emilia strengthens to Category 4 hurricane in Pacific Opinion : Heat wave lesson -- We take comfort for granted Cold front forecast , but blistering heat to linger a little longer CNN 's Ed Payne , Greg Botelho , Joe Sutton , Devon Sayers and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Temperatures are as much as 15 degrees above normal in the Northwest NEW : A Montana farmer fears he could lose 30 % to 40 % of his crop because of the heat Temperatures Tuesday in California may go as high as 125 Last 12 months were the hottest on record in the U.S. , report says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani forces have killed as many as 200 Taliban militants in the past day in the Swat and Shangla areas , the military said Sunday . Pakistan has launched a massive military operation against the Taliban in the Swat Valley . CNN could not verify the account , because journalists are barred from the region . The military blamed the Taliban for injuring civilians as the offensive entered its third week . "  Indiscriminate mortar firing and planting of IEDs -LSB- improvised explosive devices -RSB- in the streets and roads by the miscreants in the populated areas of village Thana , Malakand and Mingora , resulted into civilian casualties , " the military said in a statement . Watch more on crisis " The military eased a curfew on the region , allowing civilians to flee the fighting between 6 a.m. and 3 p.m.  7 p.m. Saturday and 4 a.m. Sunday EDT  . The United Nations refugee agency warned Friday of a "  massive displacement " of civilians as the military wages its campaign with helicopter gunships , tanks and artillery . Watch as CNN 's Ivan Watson tours a refugee camp " In the last few days , an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 Pakistanis have fled the military operation , according to U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees spokesman Ron Redmond , citing provincial government data . Another 300,000 Pakistanis were on the move or expected to flee the fighting . At least two soldiers were killed Sunday , and another died of wounds he suffered on Friday , the military statement said . Watch why civilians have backed the Taliban to survive " The military has been releasing regular reports saying it has killed Taliban militants in the region , but it has produced little evidence of the successes it claims . Journalists have not been permitted to observe the offensive and the army has not shown the bodies of the dead militants . It is also not clear what effect the offensive is having on the overall fight against the Taliban in the region , as fears grow that they could threaten the stability of Pakistan , a nuclear-armed power and key U.S. ally .	Pakistani military says 200 Taliban fighters have been killed in 24 hours An unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured Tens of thousands of civilians have fled as the military campaign intensifies
CNN  -- The competition for payment processing services , especially mobile payments , is heating up . Last week Google kicked it up a notch by announcing that it 's phasing out Google Checkout in favor of the new Google Wallet . This service supports in-store tap-to-pay payments from your phone via near field communications technology , as well as purchases on the web . If you log in to your Google Checkout account now , you 'll be notified that you 've been switched over to Google Wallet . Any credit cards or other payment information you 've saved in Google Checkout will be available in Google Wallet . The catch : Google Wallet is n't yet widely used for in-store purchases . So far its NFC payments are enabled only for Sprint Nexus S users who also have a Citibank MasterCard or a Google prepaid card , and who are making purchases at MasterCard PayPass-enabled merchant locations . So this holiday shopping season , it 's unlikely that many people will be waving their phones around to buy holiday gifts . But in the coming year , more U.S. smartphones will be equipped with NFC , bringing a variety of tap-to-pay or wave-to-pay options to consumers . A competing NFC-based mobile phone payment system , ISIS , is launching in some markets  Austin , Texas , and Salt Lake City  in 2012 . Why are U.S. retailers slow to adopt NFC payment technology ? One reason is the expense and effort required to install NFC-enabled point-of-sale equipment in stores and to integrate it with merchants ' systems . It 's a bit of a chicken-and-egg dynamic : Retailers typically do n't invest in offering a new payment option until they see widespread consumer demand ; but few consumers are likely to prefer a payment option that 's not yet widely accepted . At the recent Open Mobile Summit , Google VP of Payments Osama Bedier observed : "  Merchants adopt new payment models because they increase sales . If I gave you a payment option that was totally free , merchants would n't adopt it unless it increased sales . " GigaOm writer Ryan Kim contends that payments alone are n't enough to make NFC popular . "  Mobile marketing , along with consumer loyalty , will be in the front seat as well and will be critical in helping to drive the growth and adoption of NFC , " he wrote . "  While the idea of contactless payments is intriguing , there is increasingly an awareness that tapping a phone to pay for an item will not sell itself . ... Discounts , daily deals and loyalty reward programs can be activated through NFC technologies . " At the Open Mobile Summit , Dickson Chu , managing director of digital networks for Citi 's Global Enterprise Payments unit , said he also thinks retailers ' adoption of NFC will be driven by marketing . But he cautioned : "  Reward discounts are a race to the bottom . Not every merchant engages in that , it 's just not part of their economics . " Chu thinks that in the long run , merchants may use NFC not just to deliver deals and coupons , but to deepen relationships with individual consumers . "  That 's interesting , and it may be more profitable , but it 's a longer term play , " he noted . Another Open Mobile Summit panelist , PayPal 's VP for mobile , David Marcus , made this point : "  Today , retailers learn about customers at the least effective time -- just when they 're leaving the store . They 'd like to know about you when you arrive at the store , so they can customize your shopping experience and treat you properly . " That may sound creepy to consumers  remember "  Minority Report " ?  , but in the competitive retail business , merchants are constantly seeking an edge to boost sales and repeat business . The technology of NFC itself is still a moving target , and standards are n't settled . Merchants are wary of investing in the next Betamax . This week a global organization of wireless carriers with GSM mobile networks announced that 45 carriers around the world -- including AT&T , T-Mobile , and Verizon Wireless in the U.S. -- are supporting standards for NFC payments and committed to support and launch services based on it . But , as PaidContent noted , "  The crucial questions now will be whether these carriers stick to their word ; and whether handset makers , other infrastructure providers and consumers follow these carriers ' lead . " In the meantime , while these issues sort out , Google also announced this week that it 's making it easier to integrate Google Wallet into mobile web payments . Granted , at most stores this probably would not make sense yet -- but it might appeal to the many consumers who buy movie tickets online , rather than stand in line at the box office . So Google is partnering with Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com to offer Google Wallet as a payment option for their mobile web checkout . Once this option is implemented , users wo n't have to try to type their 16-digit credit card number plus the expiration date and security code on their phone in order to buy a movie ticket . Typing on mobile phones is a notorious hassle , and mobile Web users often abandon their online shopping carts when they reach the point of entering payment information . Of course , Fandango.com and Movietickets.com do n't just sell tickets on the Web . They also offer their own apps for iPhone , Android , and other smartphone platforms . It 's unclear whether Google Wallet will be offered as a payment option for in-app purchases -- but Albert Wenger , a partner with Union Square Ventures , observed that if Google decided to offer this ability , it might "  pull the rug out from underneath Apple 's 30 % tax on in-app purchases . " The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Google Wallet supports tap-to-pay phone payments using near field communication U.S. retailers are slow to adapt to NFC tools because of installation expenses and efforts Google Wallet will be offered as an option for Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com 45 carriers around the world have announced their support of standards for NFC payments
"  UglyGorilla , " "  KandyGoo , " and "  WinXYHappy " are some of the aliases used by the Chinese accused of hacking U.S. companies on Monday . The men behind these handles are officers of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  under a unit known simply by the code 61398 . Little is confirmed about the mysterious unit 61398 , a section that the Chinese authorities have not officially acknowledged . The Chinese defense ministry said the country 's military "  has never supported any hacker activities . " But the U.S. indictment notice pinpoints a non-descript building on Datong Road in Shanghai 's Pudong District as one of the locations for unit 61398 's alleged cyber espionage activities . When CNN tried to visit the building last year , our correspondents were chased away by security guards , as seen in the video above . What is unit 61398 and what do they do ? U.S.-based Internet security firm Mandiant released a 60-page report last year detailing allegations against the shadowy unit over a six-year period . According to Mandiant 's document and the U.S. indictment , here 's what we know about the secret division . Capable Mandiant says unit 61398 is also known as the "  comment crew , " and has systematically stolen hundreds of terabytes of data from at least 141 organizations across 20 industries worldwide since as early as 2006 . Large Mandiant estimates that more than 1,000 servers are being used by unit 61398 . The security firm believes the unit employs anywhere from hundreds to thousands of staff . A look at the physical size of the building in Shanghai -- 12 floors high , with more than 130,000 square feet of space -- suggests the unit could house around 2,000 people . Focused Mandiant observed 141 companies targeted by unit 61398 , out of which 115 were in the United States . These were blue-chip companies in important industries such as aerospace , satellite and telecommunications , and information technology -- strategic industries that were identified in China 's five year plan for 2011 to 2015 . "  It 's really a who 's who of American companies , " says Grady Summers , Mandiant 's vice president . Some of the alleged victims included in the latest indictment are U.S. Steel Corp. , Westinghouse , Alcoa , Allegheny Technologies , the United Steel Workers Union and SolarWorld . Well-supported Unit 61398 was given a special fiber optic communication infrastructure by state-owned enterprise China Telecom in the name of national defense , Mandiant reported . Tricky The accused Chinese hackers reportedly use spear-phishing to hack into companies . The simple trick makes scam emails appear like they are from someone the receiver actually knows . For example , the emails would be personally addressed and signed by another employee in the same company . Spear-phishers may scan social media to find out personal details about a victim to make the scam emails seem legitimate . Tip of the iceberg Unit 61398 is just one of more than 20 cyber attack groups with origins in China , says Mandiant .	Shadowy PLA unit coded as 61398 could be responsible for cyber espionage U.S.-based security firm Mandiant studied hacking activity originating from China over a six-year period Mandiant says it has details on the what , where , who , and how of unit 61398 Chinese authorities deny any connection between the military and cyber espionage
CNN  -- Stretch out your core , cue the music and get ready to follow the beats . Zumba and other dance workouts are debuting on the list of the top 20 predicted fitness trends for 2012 . Lack a little rhythm ? Well , there 's a trend on the list for just about every person , preference and body part . The trends were selected through an annual survey conducted by the American College of Sports Medicine . The survey was completed by 2,620 fitness professionals worldwide who ranked their selections into a list of 20 trends they believed would be big in 2012 . "  The survey attempts to show a distinction between fads and trends and is a good representation of what 's occurring in the health and fitness industry worldwide , " said Walter Thompson , Ph.D. , the lead author of the survey and a fellow of the American College of Sports Medicine . The list serves to educate consumers and have them question the health clubs they attend . Gym-goers need to determine if their club offers the services that have been deemed trendy across the fitness industry in the year ahead , Thompson says . For instance , Zumba , a dance workout , offers classes in more than 110,000 gyms in more than 250 countries . So it probably wo n't be hard to find a gym that offers these classes . "  I think people are waiting to see if we 're a fad , but class numbers keep getting bigger and Zumba is becoming more popular , so now , people realize we 're here to stay , " said Alberto Perlman , CEO and co-founder of Zumba fitness . Zumba 's popularity has skyrocketed over the years , and the dance workout was one of the biggest surprises on the list for 2012 . "  Zumba is liberating and magical , and one of the key ways it has expanded is through word of mouth , " Perlman said . Zumba ranked ninth on this year 's list . Thompson is curious to see if it will follow Pilates ' short run in the top 20 fitness trends . Pilates was ranked in the top 10 for three consecutive years , beginning in 2008 , but dropped off in 2011 . Of course , there are always trends that are expected to make an appearance on the list each year , such as educated , certified and experienced fitness professionals ; strength training ; and fitness programs for older adults . Fitness professionals claimed the No. 1 spot on the 2012 list -- and have done so for the past five years . The demand for fitness trainers is expected to boom over the next half-decade . The U.S. Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics determined that the " ... jobs for fitness workers are expected to increase much faster than the average for all occupations -LSB- through 2018 -RSB- . " "  It starts with knowledge , and from that stems all the different ways to get in shape . If you have a certified and educated fitness professional , they can guide you through the other 19 fitness trends , " said Brian Attebery , a trainer certified by the National Fitness Professionals Association and the owner of RESULTS Fitness and Nutrition Center in Edmond , Oklahoma . Also returning among the veteran trends is No. 3 on the list : fitness programs for older adults . As baby boomers are aging , more are attempting to keep their youthful physique and energy with frequent gym visits . "  The baby boom generation is retiring , and retiring more healthy . They 're a lot more active , and many enjoy working out , " Thompson said . "  And with the economy the way it is , group training was another trend that did n't come as a surprise . These group training sessions are directly related to the economy , and trainers often offer discounts to groups of people . " Once the new year rolls in and resolutions to hit the gym go into full effect , this predicted list of fitness trends will certainly come in handy .	Survey predicts the top 20 fitness trends for 2012 Dance workout Zumba debuts on the list , ranking ninth this year Certified fitness professionals have taken the No. 1 position for the past five years Fitness programs for older adults moves to No. 3 as baby boomers hit the gym
Justice Clarence Thomas rarely speaks from the bench but his comments in less formal settings are often illuminating , often controversial -- especially on race . It is a topic that continues to engage the national debate , especially when it comes from the mind of the Supreme Court 's only African-American jurist . Thomas spoke this week at a small gathering of students and faculty at a Florida college , where he echoed previous statements on the not-so subtle racism he remembers experiencing when leaving his native South . "  The worst I have been treated was by northern liberal elites . The absolute worst I have ever been treated , " the 65-year-old justice said . "  The worst things that have been done to me , the worst things that have been said about me , are by northern liberal elites , not by the people of Savannah , Georgia , " his hometown . His comments were first reported by Yahoo! News , but confirmed by several people who attended the Tuesday event at Palm Beach Atlantic University , a nondenominational Christian school . Social media reaction strong The reaction from social media has been strong , reflecting the unique pull Thomas commands , despite his low-key , press-adverse persona . That theme of personal , political , and cultural isolation in his early professional life informs much of Thomas ' current views on hot-button issues like race , seen most keenly in rulings issued from the bench . Last year , he sided with the conservative majority to strike down a key section of the landmark Voting Rights Act , blocking the federal government from using its most potent enforcement tool . No longer can the Justice Department rely on a decades-old formula to require states with a past history of voter discrimination against minorities to "  pre-clear " any changes in their voting procedures . In a concurrence , Thomas went further , saying the Voting Rights Act provision was completely outdated and unconstitutional . "  Today , our Nation has changed , " he wrote . A long-held belief Now the justice 's comments this week echo his long-held belief that government and society at large is overly focused and overly sensitive on trying to solve perceived racial problems . "  My sadness is that we are probably today more race and difference-conscious than I was in the 1960s when I went to school , " he told students . "  To my knowledge , I was the first black kid in Savannah , Georgia , to go to a white -LSB- Catholic -RSB- school . Rarely did the issue of race come up . Now , name a day it does n't come up . Differences in race , differences in sex , somebody does n't look at you right , somebody says something . Everybody is sensitive . If I had been as sensitive as that in the 1960s , I 'd still be in Savannah . Every person in this room has endured a slight . Every person . " Thomas has also consistently voted as a justice to eliminate affirmative action in college admission criteria , including a case from last term . "  Although cloaked in good intentions , the university 's racial tinkering harms the very people it claims to be helping , " said Thomas in a June decision limiting use of race at the University of Texas to achieve diversity in the student body . Comments are familiar CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Wednesday the justice 's latest comments are familiar . "  This is very consistent with how he has expressed himself about race throughout his entire career , " said Toobin . "  Race is something to be overcome by individual initiative . Any problems you might have can be overcome by hard work and not collective action . " Thomas has long been perceived as a contradiction , an African-American man and self-professed civil rights activist in college with liberal views , who became increasingly conservative as his career advanced in government . He wrote about the transformation in his memoir , "  My Grandfather 's Son , " saying he felt "  tricked " by whites , when recruited to attend Yale Law School . "  I was bitter toward the white bigots whom I held responsible for the unjust treatment of blacks , " he wrote . "  But even more bitter toward those ostensibly unprejudiced whites who pretended to side with black people while using them to further their own political and social ends . " Most famously , he voiced that frustration during his 1991 Senate confirmation to the high court , when aggressively fighting off accusations of prior sexual harassment . "  This is a circus . It 's a national disgrace . It is a high-tech lynching for uppity blacks who in any way deign to think for themselves , " he said . Sources close to him say the memories of his wrenching public ordeal are not forgotten by any means , but the experience , they say , has given him a greater appreciation of the unique role he now occupies . Controversial hearing For most Americans , Thomas slipped into virtual anonymity after he took his judicial oath . He shuns interviews and rarely speaks during arguments . In fact , he has gone eight years without speaking substantively , when cases are presented in the public sessions . But those close to him say you do n't know the real Clarence Thomas . "  Justice Thomas is known as being quiet and taciturn , and has n't asked a question in years , " said Carrie Severino , a 2007 law clerk who remains close to him . "  He 's actually an incredibly great storyteller . He could talk for hours very easily . If you do get into a conversation with him , it 's normally a very long and engaging process . " Behind the closed marble hallways of the court , Thomas is well known for his booming voice , hearty laugh , and friendly manner . Colleagues say they are amazed he seems to know every one of the several hundred employees by their names , as well as their families and their problems . He shatters the mold in many ways , and is especially close friends on the court with Justice Stephen Breyer , whose views are considered liberal . The two can often be spotted on the bench whispering in each other 's ears , sharing an occasional laugh . "  There are a lot of people who do n't like the fact that he breaks their expectations , " Severino said . "  They expect him as an African-American to be toeing the liberal line , and he 's his own man . You know , he 's his own man among conservatives . He 's not following Justice  Antonin  Scalia , he 's not following Chief Justice  John  Roberts . He 's going to do his own thing . And the people who might expect him to follow their lead are going to be disappointed . " Doing his own thing Doing his own thing has often meant Thomas is a lone dissenter in cases big and small , in issues ranging from state-federal authority to executive immunity and government regulation . The consistency of his conservative views has earned him a quietly influential power base among his colleagues , which only recently has begun to attract public notice . "  In several of the most important areas of constitutional law , Thomas has emerged as an intellectual leader of the Supreme Court , " said Toobin in a 2011 "  New Yorker " essay . "  Since the arrival of Chief Justice John Roberts in 2005 , and Justice Samuel Alito in 2006 , the court has moved to the right when it comes to the free-speech rights of corporations , the rights of gun owners , and potentially , the powers of the federal government ; in each of these areas , the majority has followed where Thomas been leading for a decade or more . Rarely has a Supreme Court justice enjoyed such broad or significant vindication . " But anger and disappointment remain among many in the African-American community . "  It is severely disturbing . I wo n't call it disappointing , because I did n't expect anything different from Justice Thomas , " said Mark Lamont Hill , a CNN political commentator and Columbia University professor , about these latest remarks . "  He suggested race does n't matter , that race should n't matter or be a factor in any decision-making process . This ignores reality of race that persists today . " Despite the public focus on skin color during his comments in Florida , Thomas ' broader message was one of faith and public service , topics he feels far more comfortable addressing in such forums . As one of six Catholics on the bench , Thomas noted his religious upbringing helps in the role as a judge , where he is "  in the right place to do hard things . " "  I quite frankly do n't know how you do these hard jobs without some faith , " he concluded .	Supreme Court justice does n't speak from the bench But he did this week in Florida where he echoed previous comments on racism The reaction from social media has been strong , reflecting the unique pull Thomas commands Thomas has long been perceived as a contradiction
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel led home teammate Mark Webber as Red Bull claimed a 1-2 in the Malaysian Grand Prix on Sunday . Red Bull have claimed all three pole positions so far this season , with German Vettel heading the grid in the first two races and Webber starting first at Sepang , but had been hit by reliability issues priot to Sunday 's race . However , they finally got their reward this time around , with Vettel outpacing his Australian colleague after the first lap , holding on for a comfortable victory . Formula One standings after three races "  It was a great race for us and a great result for the team after the last two races when we just did n't get the results we wanted , " Vettel told reporters . Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg claimed third place -- although it proved another disappointing race for seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher who was forced to quit the race early because of suspension problems . The grid had a lop-sided look to it due to Saturday 's dramatic qualifying session which was hit by heavy rain . This meant the two dominant teams , Ferrari and McLaren , were both towards the rear of the field as the race began and had to weave their way through slower cars in order to get amongst the top 10 for some world championship points . McLaren 's former world champion Lewis Hamilton drove superbly to battle his way to sixth position , after starting 20th , while Ferrari 's Felipe Massa finished seventh and current world champion Jenson Button was eighth . Meanwhile , Bahrain GP winner Fernando Alonso , who led the championship going into the race , saw his race ended on the penultimate lap due to an engine problem with his Ferrari -- after he had tried to overtake Button . With Alonso failing to finish in the top 10 , therefore missing out on world championship points , Massa 's seventh-placed finish proved enough for him to steal the overall lead from his Ferrari teammate The Brazilian , who has returned to F1 this season after suffering head injuries in an horrific crash last season , lies on 39 points , two ahead of Alonso and Vettel who are tied for second place . But this season promises to be one of the closest ever with only nine points separating the top seven after three different winners -- Alonso , Button and Vettel -- in the first three races .	Sebastian Vettel beats Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to win Malaysian GP Vettel had started on pole position for the first two F1 races of the season Felipe Massa finishes seventh but overtakes Fernando Alonso to lead overall
CNN  In what 's sure to be a moment fraught with symbolism and broadcast around the world , an infantry company-sized contingent of Iraqi Peshmerga will cross over Wednesday into Kobani , Syria , from Turkey . They 'll bring heavy weapons , artillery and gear crucial to the ongoing Kurdish defense of Kobani , now in its sixth week . But , despite all the attention it will garner , the troop movement does n't necessarily signal a major shift in the fight , analysts say . "  In terms of a major war that 's of some significance to U.S. national security , the arrival of 150 militiamen to an area is probably not of tectonic significance , " said Steve Biddle , a senior fellow with the Council on Foreign Relations . That 's particularly , Washington Institute defense fellow Jeff White says , since most tacticians consider Kobani to be of little inherent strategic interest in the fight against ISIS , which has captured large areas in Syria and Iraq . What could be significant , Biddle says , is the back story explaining how Turkish leaders came to allow the movement in the first place . The United States wants Turkey to do more , including committing ground troops to the fight , Biddle said . It could signal a backroom deal unlocking greater Turkish cooperation in the fight against ISIS , the militant group that calls itself the "  Islamic State . " Or , Biddle says , it could simply be the product of a Turkish government holding its nose in an effort to deal with an increasingly rotten crisis on its doorstep . America 's newest allies : Syria 's Kurds The Peshmerga force The Iraq Peshmerga contingent arrived by air from Irbil , Iraq , and landed in Urfa , Turkey , early Wednesday , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reported . The group was driven in six minibuses toward the border , Anadolu reported , while a separate convoy crossed into Turkey carrying weapons for the Iraqi Kurds . The fighters will enter Kobani soon to reinforce fellow Kurds who are defending against ISIS , a Peshmerga general told CNN on Tuesday . "  The Peshmerga have been ready for a few days , then had logistical problems , but they no longer do , " Brig. Gen. Halgurd Hikmat said of the Iraqi Kurdish forces . The force is made up of 161 Peshmerga fighters with weapons "  that will be of good help to our brothers in Kobani , " according to an official with the Ministry of Peshmerga , the defense ministry for the semiautonomous Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq . Separately , about 200 Syrian rebels entered Kobani at dawn Wednesday with weapons that included mortars and heavy machine guns , Syrian rebel commander Col. Abdul Jabar Okaidi told CNN by phone . More fighters are available if needed , he said . What impact will they have ? The Peshmerga fighters are better trained and equipped than their Syrian Kurdish counterparts , and are bringing heavy weapons sorely lacking in Kobani , White said . They will roll into a city defended by a beleaguered band of Syrian Kurds and Free Syrian Army fighters who have seen few reinforcements since ISIS ' siege of the city began in mid-September . And their arrival probably cements the city 's defenses against ISIS , White said . Still , ISIS is also reinforcing its contingent in Kobani , White said , setting out the prospect of a protracted fight over the city that has become important less for its strategic value than its role as a television star . Kobani lies just across the border from Turkey , giving international journalists a clear vantage point to report on the battle there . But there is a military significance as well , analysts say . With all the attention on the fight and both sides bringing in reinforcements , White said , the fight for Kobani continues to give U.S. and allied forces the opportunity to bloody ISIS there , and to keep its forces tied up . "  As long as the city does n't fall , it works to the advantage of the U.S. strategy , " he said . "  The ISIS guys who are fighting in the city are n't available to fight somewhere else . " The Turkish role Turkish officials were not immediately available to comment on Wednesday 's Peshmerga movements . But Turkey has previously said it would allow the Peshmerga to pass through its territory into Syria . With ISIS controlling the Syrian land surrounding Kobani , the Peshmerga 's easiest path into Kobani is through Turkey . Turkey 's decision to let the Peshmerga traverse Turkish territory represented a major policy shift . The Syrian Kurdish fighters , part of the People 's Protection Units , or YPG , have ties to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought a 30-year guerrilla war against the government of Turkey , where about 20 % of the population is Kurdish . Turkey , the European Union and United States consider the PKK a terrorist organization . Earlier this month , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the Syrian Kurdish and ISIS militants were "  terrorists . " The Turkish government also has bristled at the United States ' efforts to parachute weapons , ammunition and medicine to YPG fighters . But while Turkey did nothing to intervene in Kobani , Kurds protested in Turkish streets . More than 30 people were killed in cities around Turkey this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups as well as Turkish police . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Gul Tuysuz , Jason Hanna , Ivan Watson , Zeynep Bilginsoy and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Peshmerga 's arrival will be symbolic , but not a major development , analyst says Official : Iraqi Kurdish fighters heading to Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani Turkey has said it would allow the fighters to enter Kobani through Turkey Kobani has been under ISIS attack since September
Mental Floss  -- Sean Connery was n't supposed to be James Bond . Keanu Reeves was n't supposed to be "  The One . " So , who were the original choices ? "  I would have absolutely messed up ` The Matrix , ' " Will Smith told Wired about turning down the role of Neo . Here are 5 actors and the legendary roles they turned down : 1 . THE ROLE : James Bond in "  Dr. No " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Cary Grant Despite being Bond producer Albert Broccoli 's best man , Grant said , "  I do n't " to the offer , and Sean Connery got the role instead . Of course , many studio executives objected to the decision , and even Bond creator Ian Fleming said Connery "  was n't exactly what I had in mind . " REGRETTABILITY METER : Low By the 1960s , Cary Grant already had a spectacular film career . If he 'd accepted the role  as Broccoli later revealed  , it would 've been just a one-movie deal . Mental Floss : Name that 007 tune 2 . THE ROLE : Neo in "  The Matrix " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Will Smith turned it down to star in the forgettable action flick "  Wild Wild West , " and the part went to Reeves . REGRETTABILITY METER : Low In an interview with Wired , Smith said , "  I would have absolutely messed up ` The Matrix . ' At that point I was n't smart enough as an actor to let the movie be -- whereas Keanu was . " 3 . THE ROLE : Vincent Vega in "  Pulp Fiction " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Michael Madsen , who was stuck in lengthy rehearsals for "  Wyatt Earp . " John Travolta got the role instead and , almost overnight , transformed from a Hollywood has-been into one of the most bankable stars in the business . REGRETTABILITY METER : High Madsen called "  Wyatt Earp " a "  big waste of time . " Mental Floss : Kim Jong Il , the director he kidnapped , and the awful Godzilla film they made together 4 . THE ROLE : Gandalf in the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Sean Connery , who 'd never read the J.R.R. Tolkien series and claimed he "  did n't understand the script . "  Can you say karma ? REGRETTABILITY METER : High In return for playing the role , New Line Cinema offered the Scottish actor up to 15 percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned Connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role -- as much as $ 400 million . 5 . THE ROLES : Sundance in "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " Jimmy "  Popeye " Doyle in "  The French Connection , " and Captain Benjamin Willard in "  Apocalypse Now " WHO LET THEM GET AWAY : Steve McQueen REGRETTABILITY METER : Tragically high McQueen turned down the role of Sundance simply because costar Paul Newman refused to give him top billing . Later , McQueen declined the lead in "  The French Connection " because he felt the part was too similar to the tough cop he 'd played in 1968 's "  Bullitt . " Gene Hackman took the part and won an Oscar for it . And finally , in 1978 , McQueen told "  Apocalypse Now " director Francis Ford Coppola to shove off when he was offered the lead . McQueen 's non-negotiable asking price was $ 3 million ; plus , he did n't feel like spending four months shooting in the Philippine jungle . Instead , Martin Sheen landed the role , and despite suffering a heart attack during the stressful production , he gave one of cinema 's greatest performances . Mental Floss : The 9 Battles of Martin Scorsese For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Sean Connery turned down role of Gandalf in "  LOTR " and lost $ 400 million Imagine Will Smith as Neo in "  The Matrix ; " he declined the role John Travolta was NOT the first choice for "  Pulp Fiction 's " Vincent Vega Steve McQueen rejected lead roles in "  Apocalypse Now ; " "  Sundance "
Sometimes , residents of the Middle East have a hard time taking a joke . This , at least , is how the editor of the satirical blog the Pan-Arabia Enquirer sees it . The website , based in Dubai and self-dubbed "  the world 's only 7-star satirical news source , " gets roughly 400,000 page views per month and is often likened to The Onion . According to its editor , some of the most popular stories are often confused for bona fide fact . "  Judging by the response it gets , I 'd say it 's a 50-50 split between those that think it 's a joke , and those that really do n't , " says the editor , who prefers to remain anonymous  "  Our stories generate anger from people who are outraged , and I do n't want to be the focal point of that anger , " he says  . A story published last month claiming a new gold-class lane would be introduced on the road from Dubai to Abu Dhabi -- which the site joked would be paved in gold and separated from the other lanes with a velvet rope -- provoked earnest ire . "  This is sick . Faux-elite structures build on the back of internationally-sourced slave labor in lifestyles financed by unearned oil revenues . I am appalled at the news that comes out of this country , " wrote one commenter . Read more : Arab youth find comic relief in stand-up An article on the site about Emirates Airlines introducing shisha lounges to their flights actually inspired a few UAE residents to contact the carrier for more information . It was also picked up by a few travel websites , and published as fact . "  Even the terribly photoshopped picture , " he marvels . As for why his readers seem so gullible , he attributes it to the infancy of satire in the Middle East . "  Satire is n't exactly alien , but it 's not a known concept in the region . People here have a tendency to believe everything that is put in a newspaper , " he notes . Whether the art form is new or not is subject to debate . Still , many agree that it is ripening in the region . "  We 've always had room for satire , though maybe it was more widespread in Lebanon -- due to their strong TV channels , political system and level of freedom of speech -- though it 's always been around in Jordan in terms of play shows , newspaper columnists and caricatures , " notes Fadi Zaghmout , the Jordanian blogger behind The Arab Observer , and one of the Pan-Arabia Enquirer 's 4,500 Twitter followers . "  I do see it gaining ground now , " he adds . Read more : In the Middle East , cartoons can kill Pan-Arabia 's editor says that while some people do n't get the joke , many seem to find the site a lifeline . "  I definitely think there 's a hunger for it , " he says . "  We get comments from people who say , ` thank God there 's something like this here , I was going out of my skull , ' and readers are starting to send in their own stories . Some of the biggest stories have been sent in by readers , and not just Western expats taking the piss out of the country they live in -- most come from Arab readers . " Of course in many ways , the Middle East is not an easy place to be a satirist . Earlier this month , Bassem Youssef , the Egyptian talk show often likened to Jon Stewart , had his show suspended after he started poking fun at the country 's military regime . Other comics in the region have faced similar fates . Sami Fehri , a Tunisian producer of a political puppet show , was imprisoned for a year on corruption charges , and in July , Saudi blogger Raif Badawi was sentenced to seven years in prison and 600 lashes for mocking religious figures . "  This is what has put us down as a community , as a population , for so long . We ca n't really talk back , " Youssef told CNN in an interview earlier this year . "  People equate being laughed at as being ridiculed , -LSB- saying -RSB- ' I ca n't be ridiculed by this little dot dot dot brat . But if you start to suppress people 's freedom of speech under any excuse you want , it 's not good for the country , " he added . Pan-Arabia 's editor , who says he admires Youssef 's humor and bravery greatly , finds his suspension from television somewhat ironic . "  There he was , happily mocking -LSB- former president Mohamed -RSB- Morsy , and he got arrested , and everyone went out on the street pushing for free speech and he gets put back on air . Then everything changes , and he goes on air and mocks -LSB- General Abdel Fattah -RSB- el-Sisi , and everyone 's in uproar . In Egypt , satire is fine so long as it 's going in one direction , which is hysterically satirical in itself . "	The Pan-Arabian Enquirer is the Middle East 's answer to The Onion The satirical newspaper is often confused for fact The region can be tough on satirists Egyptian comedian Bassem Youssef was taken off the air earlier this month
