CNN  -- Kids are scared of the dark . That 's normal . But Deonta Howard is now even more leery of nightfall . The 3-year-old boy was shot in the face last week and now says that whenever the sun goes down in Chicago , people might get shot again . His mom was taking him home from the hospital late Wednesday when reporters caught up with them . He told them he wants to go home to see grandma , but he says he 's not going back to the park in their Back of the Yards neighborhood on the South Side . That 's where two men allegedly opened fire on him last Thursday . Bullets from an assault rifle and another gun wounded 13 people , police say . Two of the victims were 15 years old . Little Deonta was the youngest hit . Luckily , all survived . Authorities think the violence may have been gang related . Deonta was shy and gave brief , quiet answers . He was short on eye contact but long on bravery . The flu shot he got at the hospital hurt worse than the gunshot wounds , Deonta told CNN affiliate WBBM . His face does n't hurt , he assured . But his face defied his bravado . The right side was so swollen that it pushed his nose off to the left . A big bandage covered his upper lip . Tears streamed down his right cheek . It did n't look like he was crying . The eye was swollen shut , irritated and watering , it appeared . He will need surgeries for the next 15 to 20 years to correct the damage caused by a bullet that entered Deonta 's ear and exited through his cheek , his mother Shamarah Legget said . He has had two already . "  But it 's ok , " she said . "  I can deal with anything , as long as my baby comes home . " A reporter 's microphone stirred Deonta 's playfulness . He reached for it . "  I got shot , " he said into it . "  Right here , right here , right here , right here . " He pointed to spots on his face . Four men arrested Police have arrested four men in connection with the shooting . Two of the suspects -- Tabari Young , 22 , and Bryon Champ , 21 -- fired shots onto a full basketball court , Chicago police said . Champ , is a documented gang member . All four have been charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with a firearm , police said . Young is accused of firing the assault-style rifle . Police say Champ also fired a gun of some kind . A third suspect , Kewane Gatewood , 20 , is accused of supplying the assault weapon , and Brad Jeff , 22 , was allegedly the lookout during the shooting , police said . ` It 's got to stop , ' Grandmother says after 3-year-old shot in Chicago Deonta 's grandmother has made a plea to those fueling violence in Chicago . "  Y' all out here killing these innocent people , kids , parents , grandparents , mothers , fathers : It 's got to stop . You need to stop , " Semehca Nunn said . Chicago bans some semiautomatic weapons and high-capacity magazines and restricts handguns . The FBI 's annual crime report last week showed Chicago had 500 homicides in 2012 , up from 431 in 2011 and more than any other American city . Chicago officials have said homicides this year are below the 2012 pace . Still , Chicago does not have the highest homicide rate in the United States . That distinction belongs to Flint , Michigan , with one homicide for every 1,613 residents , according to the FBI data . Detroit is close behind , with one killing for every 1,832 residents . In 2012 , the number of violent crimes increased by 0.7 % , compared with the previous year , according to the FBI figures . For Chicago , 7 weekend homicides represent progress CNN 's Mariano Castillo and David Simpson contributed to this report .	3-year-old Deonta Howard will require years of surgery to his face He has become more afraid of the dark and refuses to go back to the shooting scene Four men have been arrested ; all charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with firearm There were two trigger men and two accomplices , police say
Paris , France  CNN  -- Former Colombian hostage Ingrid Betancourt tells the story of her six-year captivity in a book due to hit the shelves Tuesday . Betancourt , a former presidential candidate in Colombia , was held for more than six years by Marxist rebels before the Colombian military rescued her and 14 others in 2008 . "  Meme le Silence a une Fin , " or "  Even Silence Has an End , " will go on sale around the world , the publishing house Gallimard said . In June , Betancourt filed a suit , asking for about $ 7 million from the Colombian government for the years she spent as a hostage . Betancourt and her family members say the government did not do enough to protect her . Betancourt was freed in a high-profile helicopter rescue mission in July 2008 . Colombian commandos posed as humanitarian aid workers to free the group , which included three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and military members . In a memoir published last year , the U.S. military contractors rescued along with Betancourt painted an unflattering portrait of the dual citizen of France and Colombia , describing her as someone who hoarded belongings and let her temper flare during their time in the rebel camp . CNN 's Sarah Goddard contributed to this report .	The book tells the story of her six-year captivity in Colombia It is titled "  Even Silence Has an End "
CNN  -- Amal Alamuddin may have just accomplished what many believed was the impossible : snagging Hollywood 's most notable bachelor . The Lebanese-born British beauty married George Clooney who many thought could never be tied down . Not a lot is known about Alamuddin , who is said to have started dating the actor in October 2013 and became engaged in April 2014 . But here is what we do know : 1 . She 's a well-respected attorney . Alamuddin 's profile on the site The Legal 500 says she "  specialises in international law , human rights , criminal law and extradition . " Some of her clients have included the Royal Court of Bahrain and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . "  She is also part of the legal team representing the government of Cambodia in a case involving a territorial dispute with Thailand at the International Court of Justice in The Hague , " the site says . "  She has previously worked as a legal adviser to judges at the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , and as senior legal adviser to the prosecutor of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon . " 2 . Clooney is n't the only one who finds her attractive . She was named one of the 21 hottest female barristers in London on the blog "  Your Barrister Boyfriend . " The blog states : "  Amal Alamuddin may make some feel inadequate because she has achieved the seemingly unattainable ideal of contemporary femininity : She is both breathtakingly beautiful and formidably successful . " 3 . She 's a world traveler . In addition to being fluent in both Arabic and French , Alamuddin has traveled widely . Her time in the United States included graduating from the New York University School of Law , and among her trips is a safari to Tanzania she reportedly took with Clooney in March . 4 . She 's discreet . Alamuddin , 36 , has n't been speaking out about her relationship with the 53-year-old star . She has not given extensive interviews and People magazine reported on their wedding based on brief comments from Clooney and guests at the ceremony . 5 . Alamuddin must be special . There 's no debating this one . Clooney , who was married from 1989 until 1993 to "  No Strings Attached " actress Talia Balsam , has long been outspoken about the fact that he has had no desire to wed again . In a recent Esquire interview , Clooney said , "  I have n't had aspirations in that way , ever , " about becoming a husband and father . He has proved that by dating his fair share of women over the years but not settling down . 6 . Her co-workers are happy for her . Alamuddin may not be talking , but her law firm has spilled the beans . The Doughty Street law firm was clearly excited about the news and released a statement that read in part : "  The barristers and staff of Doughty Street Chambers offer their best wishes and congratulations to Ms Amal Alamuddin , a member of Chambers , and Mr George Clooney on their engagement to be married . "	Amal Alamuddin has been very private She is a respected international lawyer Clooney had said he had no aspirations to remarry
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two suspected drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal region Wednesday killed eight suspected militants , intelligence officials said . In the first incident , one missile was fired on a militant hideout in the area of Mir Ali of North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan , the two intelligence officials said . Five were killed . Later , a second suspected U.S. drone strike killed three individuals believed to be militants , the officials said . The drone fired two missiles at a vehicle in the Data Khel area of North Waziristan . According to a CNN count , Wednesdays strikes were the 81st and 82nd this year , compared with 52 in 2009 . The officials asked to not be named because they were not authorized to talk to the media . While the United States is the only country in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials usually do not comment on suspected drone strikes .	NEW : Second strike kills three suspect militants , officials say NEW : Death toll from first strike reaches five The attack takes place in North Waziristan It targets a militant hideout
CNN  -- Could another deep water -- or even shallow water -- oil drilling disaster be looming ahead ? Experts warn it certainly could happen again . The Deepwater Horizon catastrophe , they say , highlights flaws in the drilling industry 's main defense against oil and gas explosions -- the blowout preventer , which is supposed to shut down an oil and gas well if something goes wrong . Oil companies have treated such devices as virtually fail-safe . "  They 're certainly not fail-safe because they did n't close this well . If they had been 100 percent fail-safe they would have sealed , they would have closed , " said Petroleum Engineering Professor Paul Bommer of the University of Texas at Austin . Indeed , there have been numerous rig blowouts , including a large gusher in the Timor Sea off the coast of Western Australia last year . A growing number of blowouts have caused offshore oil drilling to become sloppier in the past decade . There were 72 spills that dumped 18,000 barrels of oil into U.S. federal waters from 2000-2009 , compared to just 15 spills that put 2,000 barrels into the water during the prior decade , according to data compiled by the Minerals Management Service  MMS  of the Interior Department , which regulates energy exploration .  The database excludes spills of less than 50 barrels  . Avoiding such spills depends upon the reliability of the blowout preventer , which is essentially a faucet on top of the oil well that keeps oil and gas from gushing to the surface . Rig workers use the preventer to keep a well under control , especially when oil and gas surge or "  kick up " from a well . When its valves do n't do the job , the blowout preventer can choke off the drilling pipe -- like squeezing a straw while drinking . And , if that fails to work , a blowout preventer has yet another line of defense -- huge shear rams -- like giant scissors that are supposed to be able to cut and seal the drilling pipe . But , a mile underwater , where the pressure is intense , drill pipes need to be thick , especially the joints between them . And those joints are very hard to cut . "  There are some parts of the pipe that the shears were never meant to cut , " said Ford Brett , an expert in petroleum project management who is advising the Interior Department 's oil drilling safety review . "  No one 's equipment will shear the drill collar body . That 's a lot of metal . It 's not going to be possible to shear certain things , " added Benton Baugh , another advisor to Interior 's review of the Deepwater incident and President of Radoil , which designs and manufactures oilfield and subsea drilling equipment . A 2002 study for the Minerals Management Service warned of such trouble in shearing drilling pipe deep underwater . Initial research painted , "  a grim picture of the probability of success when utilizing this final tool in securing a well , " wrote consultant West Engineering Services . West Engineering would not comment to CNN on its studies for the government . "  The blowout preventers had a probability of failing to crush that pipe that approaches 50 percent , " said Professor Robert Bea of the University of California at Berkeley who is familiar with the study . "  It would be like getting on an airplane having a 50 percent chance of making it to your destination , " added Bea . Based on 55 years of engineering experience , including a stint as chief offshore engineer for Shell , Bea is warning government investigators that blowout preventers are not reliable in the deep sea and he worries they could fail in the Arctic , where the industry is pursuing energy resources . "  You can keep on pushing equipment to the point of where it breaks , and I think we broke it . All of the drilling operations underway of this nature in the world today depend on these devices as the final line of defense . " In the harshest of environments , a mile underwater or in the Arctic Tundra , blowout preventers operate under great stress , increasing their potential vulnerability to wear and tear . "  It is a mechanical piece of equipment . It is utilized in harsh environments . Yes , it can wear out , " said Professor Steve Sears , chair of the Department of Petroleum Engineering at Louisiana State University . In fact , BP told congressional investigators there were several leaks in the hydraulic system that was supposed to power the shear rams of the Deepwater Horizon 's blowout preventer . "  It was a coupling that had not been tightened down adequately . It was several turns loose , " said a person with knowledge of the investigation . BP officials also discovered a dead battery . The final safety switch for a blowout preventer that has lost communication with its oil rig is the "  deadman " system that 's supposed to trigger the blowout preventer to shut the well . It did not activate during the Transocean April 20th rig explosion . Another study West Engineering Services prepared for the Minerals Management System in 2003 found flaw with the deadman system . "  The most serious drawback to this system ... is the mind set of the rig personnel . Many operator and contractor personnel refuse to arm the system from fear that it will either not operate when needed or activate inappropriately , causing downtime . " Such downtime can be extremely costly . If the blowout preventer cuts through drilling pipe it can easily cost $ 10-million to replace that section of pipe and put the rig back into production , said Baugh . Given the multiple problems with blowout preventers energy experts concede the oil industry must quickly raise its safety bar . "  We must improve the safety systems of blowout preventers . Obviously it 's time to take it to the next level , " said Baugh . "  There are more strenuous conditions occurring and we must have more strenuous solutions for them . " The Interior Department , facing the reality of energy drilling dangers , is in the process of toughening rules for offshore oil exploration . "  We must ensure that offshore drilling is conducted safely and in compliance with the law , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Drilling operations not subject to the administration 's six-month deepwater drilling moratorium have until the end of the month to : -- Provide independent third party verification of the safety and effectiveness of blowout preventers ; -- Install a secondary control system for subsea blowout preventers  current regulations do not require such a backup  ; -- And , adhere to new inspection and reporting requirements for blowout preventers . By September the Interior Department intends to require blowout preventers to have two sets of sheer rams spaced at least four feet apart in case a drill pipe joint is in front of a shear during an emergency . The Interior Department says such steps will "  increase the safety in offshore oil and gas development , " but concedes they , "  represent only the beginning of the Department 's work . "	Blowout preventers are supposed to cut off flow from oil wells Preventer failed on BP well in the Gulf Experts question reliability of device in extreme conditions
CNN  -- The Philippines has reached a preliminary agreement with Muslim rebels after 15 years of talks , the president announced Sunday , marking a major milestone after decades of militant insurgency in the nation 's troubled south . The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades for an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines . It has been blamed for rampant attacks in the region . President Benigno Aquino III described the deal as a "  framework agreement " for establishing a new autonomous region to be administered by Muslims in the south . It comes after 15 years of negotiations between the government and the rebels . 2009 : Rebels bomb electricity tower , official says "  This framework agreement paves the way for a final , enduring peace in Mindanao , " Aquino said . "  It brings all former secessionist groups into the fold ; no longer does the Moro Islamic Liberation Front aspire for a separate state . " It also provides a framework on issues such as power structure and revenues in the southern region . "  This means that hands that once held rifles will be put to use tilling land , selling produce , manning work stations and opening doorways of opportunity for other citizens , " he said . The new autonomous region will be named Bangsamoro . "  It deserves a name that symbolizes and honors the struggles of our forebears in Mindanao , and celebrates the history and character of that part of our nation , " the president said . The preliminary deal marks a major milestone after years of negotiations with the Moro group to help end an insurgency that has killed tens of thousands . The Moro group is estimated to have 12,000 members , but military sources say it may have been splintered when government troops conducted offensives in 2000 . British and American officials applauded the agreement . "  I wholeheartedly welcome the announcement of the framework agreement ... to bring peace and development to Muslim Mindanao , " Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  This is a testament to the commitment and vision of the parties . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the agreement "  a testament to the commitment of all sides for a peaceful resolution to the conflict in the southern Philippines . " The new region is expected to replace the current one by 2016 , when the president 's term ends , according to officials . Ex-Philippines president arrested on corruption charges Journalist Maria A. Ressa contributed to this report	The deal comes after 15 years of negotiations between the government and the rebels UK foreign secretary : "  I wholeheartedly welcome the announcement " Aquino : The deal is a framework agreement for establishing an autonomous region The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades for an independent Islamic state
CNN  -- Army troops and rebels clashed on Wednesday in the violence-ridden eastern part of Congo , threatening to undermine an already fragile stability . Hundreds of people in North Kivu fled toward the city of Goma by road trying to escape the fighting . The sound of heavy artillery echoed through the hills . The Congolese army continued a second day offensive to recover the cities of Rugari and Rumangavo , and to takeover these positions held by the insurgency . "  The situation is deteriorating because of the fighting between various groups , " said Ronald Paul Veilleux , the International Rescue Committee 's provincial director for North and South Kivu . As of January 2009 , an estimated 1.5 million people in North and South Kivu provinces have been internally displaced , and the number continues to rise , according to the United Nations . "  People are losing their homes , their livelihoods and their hope , " Veilleux said . The massive displacement has also led to an increase in gender-based violence . According to Veilleux , reported cases have gone up by 75 % nationwide since April , and many go unreported in a nation that is already known as the rape capital of the world . In addition , this past week the World Health Organization reported a sharp increase in the number of cholera cases in North Kivu . "  There is potential for this to turn into an epidemic if the situation continues to deteriorate , " said Veilleux . The eastern part of Congo has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border fearing reprisals following the genocide in neighboring Rwanda . In 1998 the vast nation -- previously known as Zaire -- became a battleground for eight African countries . More than 5 million people died in the war and its aftermath , making it the deadliest conflict since World War II . Despite the signing of peace accords in 2003 , fighting continues in the eastern part of Congo between various rebel groups and the Congolese army , which is back by U.N. peacekeepers . There are many different forces on the ground , all of whom are armed . "  The fighting is like a view through a kaleidoscope , " said John Campbell , an Africa expert with the Council on Foreign Relations . Amid growing concerns of an escalating conflict , the U.S. government announced last week that it will cut military aid to Rwanda . The United States has accused Rwanda of supporting rebels in Congo . "  The United States government is deeply concerned about the evidence that Rwanda is implicated in the provision of support to Congolese rebel groups , including M23 , " said Hilary Fuller Renner , a State Department spokeswoman . The M23 -- named after a failed peace agreement signed on March 23 three years ago -- is a rebel group that split from the Congolese army earlier this year . It has been accused of killing hundreds of people . One of the M23 commanders , Bosco Ntaganda , is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes . In a report to the U.N. Security Council in June , a U.N. expert panel on Congo found "  substantial evidence " attesting to support from Rwandan officials to armed groups operating in the eastern region . It documents a "  systematic pattern of military and political support provided to the M23 rebellion by Rwandan authorities " in the form of recruits , weapons and military equipment . Rwanda has denied allegations that the M23 are backed by their country 's Tutsi leadership . "  As we have made clear from the outset , Rwanda is neither the cause nor the enabler of instability in the eastern  Congo  , " said Louise Mushikiwabo , Rwanda 's foreign minister . Journalist Gemma Parellada contributed to this report .	Army troops and rebels clashed on Wednesday Numbers of internally displaced people continues to swell Disease and violence against women also are seen rising sharply U.S. has accused Rwanda of supporting rebels in Congo
CNN  -- Former Pakistan captain Mohammad Yousuf has quit international cricket after he was hit with an indefinite suspension . Yousuf was given the ban earlier this month by the Pakistan Cricket Board  PCB  after they launched an inquiry into a winless tour to Australia . The 35-year-old and Younus Khan were accused of "  infighting " while seven other players also received bans . A story on the PCB 's official Web site quoted Yousuf as saying : "  The level of support shown to me since the ban by the fans has really touched me and I appreciate all the messages of support I have received . "  I will always remember the backing of the fans , and the support from my family and my friends at this difficult time . "  It was never my intention to suddenly stop playing international cricket like this and I feel that I still have 2 or 3 years international cricket left in me and could have gone on playing for Pakistan . "  I always wanted to retire when I felt the time was right and not for it to be dictated to me . I feel physically fit and feel that I could have served the nation well for at least the next couple of years , but I guess it was n't meant to be . "  I have no issues or axes to grind with team mates , however I am disappointed with my treatment by those in authority and that is the reason why I want to retire from international cricket . " Yousuf made 7,431 runs at an average of 53.07 in his 88 Tests . He also scored 9,624 runs in 282 one-day internationals .	Mohammad Yousuf announces his retirement from international cricket Yousuf was banned indefinitely by the Pakistan Cricket Board earlier this month Yousuf captained his country in nine Test matches
As Thomas Eric Duncan remains in isolation at a hospital in Dallas , and American journalist Ashoka Mukpo prepares to be transported home , many are wondering : Will they receive an experimental drug like other Ebola patients treated in the United States ? Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol received an experimental serum called ZMapp , engineered from antibodies harvested in mice . Questions remain about the extent to which ZMapp was responsible for the patients ' recovery , but demand for the drug has skyrocketed . Unfortunately , the process used to make the doses given to Brantly , Writebol and a few other patients is costly and time-consuming . Public health officials are now looking for ways to develop more of this experimental drug quickly . Tobacco plants may hold the key . In the world of health and medicine , the word tobacco usually brings to mind cancer , emphysema and heart disease . But in recent years the plant 's tarnished reputation is getting a makeover from the development of pharmaceuticals through an effective , swift and cost-cutting technique that has been dubbed "  biopharming . " Tobacco plant-based drugs are not a new concept . But there are no treatments currently developed through tobacco plants that have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration . That may change as the deadly Ebola virus continues to spread through West Africa , where it has killed more than 3,300 . Kentucky BioProcessing in Owensboro was one of the first biopharmaceutical companies tasked with developing the ZMapp serum through tobacco plants . The company has been working in collaboration with San Diego-based Mapp Biophamaceutical , which developed the ZMapp vaccine , since August . Eyes have also turned to Texas-based biotechnology company Caliber Biotherapeutics , which that same month claimed it was ready to fast-track the drug if need be . The company , which says it operates the largest tobacco-based pharmaceutical facility in the world , has been working on cutting costs and increasing quantities of certain cancer drugs through genetically modified tobacco . Drugs and vaccines are manufactured in a variety of ways . Flu vaccines , for example , are most commonly produced by injecting fertilized hen eggs with the virus . The virus is incubated for days so it can replicate , be harvested , inactivated or weakened , and then made into either a flu shot or nasal spray . The process can cost around $ 150 million each year , using $ 600,000 eggs each day . Tobacco plants can produce antibodies in much less time for a fraction of the cost , advocates say . The process begins by cloning a gene and inserting it into a virus . That infected gene is then injected into the tobacco plant , where it multiplies within the leaves before it is extracted and purified . Unlike with egg-based and mammalian cell-based products , each tobacco plant can produce enough antibodies for dozens of doses of a pharmaceutical , experts say . The plants are also easy to contain and manufacture in controlled environments such as greenhouses . Medicago Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company in North Carolina , produced 10 million flu vaccines in 30 days using tobacco plants in a federally funded effort called "  Blue Angel . " The program tested the prospect of rapid vaccine production in the hypothetical case of a global health pandemic . It is estimated the company could make as many as 100 million doses for as little as $ 36 million . The Canadian biopharmaceutical company PlantForm is using tobacco to produce a drug that reduces the growth rate of breast cancer tumors . The drug is a "  biosimilar " form of a current drug on the market called Herceptin , usually produced by creating antibodies in mammalian cells from hamsters ' ovaries . The current treatment costs up to $ 100,000 per patient , according to PlantForm . The company estimates up to $ 120 million could be saved by 2017 by manufacturing the drug with tobacco plants instead . One of the pioneering programs to use tobacco for vaccine manufacturing is the University of Louisville 's Owensboro Cancer Research Program in Kentucky . Since 2007 , it has used a relative of tobacco , called nicotiana benthamiana , to develop vaccines for everything from cholera to cervical cancer . In August , the center announced it had received a $ 14.7 million grant to produce a gel made from crushed tobacco leaves that prevents HIV transmission . The process involves isolating a protein called griffithsin , which can be found in red algae . The protein fends off HIV by sticking onto the outer surface of an HIV-infected cell , shielding noninfected cells from the virus . Once isolated , the protein is injected into the tobacco plant and then extracted 12 days later . It is then crushed , purified and mixed into a gel that can be used as a lubricant . "  Our hope is for the gel to be as effective as the condom , " senior scientist Dr. Kenneth Palmer said . Palmer , a native of Zimbabwe , has been studying plant-based pharmaceuticals since 1997 when he received his doctorate at the University of Cape Town in South Africa . Before working with tobacco , Palmer studied the prospects of using corn to develop pharmaceuticals . But while edible plants are just as well-suited as tobacco for biopharming , Palmer said they are not the way to go : "  You do n't want to risk contaminating the food supply with pharmaceuticals . " Your Ebola questions answered One company learned that the hard way . In 2002 , ProdiGene , a biopharmaceutical company based out of College Station , Texas , was fined $ 3 million after a corn-produced vaccine for diabetes and diarrhea nearly contaminated a crop of soybeans in Nebraska and Iowa . The incident ignited a massive backlash against the development of plant-based pharmaceuticals , and the FDA and U.S. Department of Agriculture implemented new and stricter regulations for field-testing of pharmaceuticals engineered through food crops . To date , there is only one plant-based pharmaceutical approved by the FDA : Elelyso , which contains an enzyme engineered through carrot cells . The medication treats Gaucher 's disease , a rare genetic disorder that stops cells and organs from functioning properly . Palmer does n't blame the FDA for the bottleneck in biopharmaceutical approval . Rather , he concedes that compared with competing technology used to make pharmaceuticals , biopharming is still relatively new . He sees the success of ZMapp as a big catalyst for movement in the industry : "  Unfortunate as it is , the Ebola epidemic in West Africa is a huge leg up for the field , " Palmer said . "  I think it will only help validate the technology as a viable option . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Experimental serum used to treat Ebola being developed using tobacco plants "  Biopharming , " using plants to develop drugs and vaccines , is a fairly new field Advocates say using tobacco plants is cheaper and faster than traditional methods
EW.com  -- These days , there are many less flattering things you could say about a movie than that it 's enjoyable in a square , uncomplicated , stirringly old-fashioned way . 42 , a sports drama about how Jackie Robinson broke the color line in professional baseball , is in some ways a film that could have been made 30 years ago , or 50 years ago .  In fact , it was made 63 years ago : 1950 's The Jackie Robinson Story starred the legendary second baseman himself .  The film depicts Robinson , played by the dazzling , little-known actor Chadwick Boseman , as a fearless , noble athlete-crusader -- which , of course , is just what he was , though 42 scarcely spends three minutes trying to find any flaws in him  surely he must have had one  , or even giving him a sprinkle of idiosyncrasy . Is the writer-director , Brian Helgeland  who wrote L.A. Confidential and directed A Knight 's Tale  , worried that we would n't admire Robinson enough ? Helgeland works in what I think of as a conservative -- or maybe it 's just really , really basic -- neoclassical Hollywood style , spelling everything out , letting the story unfold in a plainspoken and deliberate fashion , with a big , wide , open pictorial camera eye . It 's like the latter-day Clint Eastwood style , applied to material that 's as traditional as can be . EW : ' 42 ' aims to be box office MVP Yet in one vital way , the movie feels very contemporary . When Robinson joined the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 , spearheading the civil rights era before it had a name , he was subjected , on and off the field , to a degree of racial antagonism that could almost be called terrorism . For all its wholesomely uplifting , message-movie design , 42 makes that struggle look every bit as brutal and scary as it was . Robinson 's fellow Dodgers , many of them Southern boys , welcome him to the team by signing a petition to have him kicked off . He 's booed from the stands , pitchers take open delight in beaning him , and in one scene , when he 's up at bat , the manager of the Philadelphia Phillies  Alan Tudyk  heckles him from the sidelines by calling him the N-word for five unrelenting minutes . The way that scene goes on and on is scathingly powerful , as Jackie can barely keep himself from coming apart . Boseman , a graceful and handsome actor with a deep inner fire , gives Robinson a stare that 's penetrating and guarded at the same time . A lot of the film 's drama is reading that face -- the intelligence and masked outrage . Jackie is n't allowed to fight back against any of the viciousness  if he did , it would look to mainstream America like he was the troublemaker  , yet swallowing it eats up his spirit . How does he cope ? EW : ` Star Trek Into Darkness ' 10 new pics By playing the hell out of the game . Even if he had n't been baseball 's trailblazing crossover star , Robinson had a talent on the field that was explosive . He was a wizard at stealing bases , and the movie glories in his quickness and bravado -- how he steps off first base and eases down the path , hopping back and forth like a jackrabbit on a hot stove , holding his arms low , letting his fingers wiggle like nervous antennae . 42 portrays this athletic showmanship with an element of racial psychodrama . Robinson is n't just teasing the pitchers  the more they look at him , the less they can tell what he 's going to do next  . He 's mocking them , working off his anger . He triumphs , and holds on to his sanity , by beating racist players at their own game . The movie covers just three years of Robinson 's life , beginning in 1945 , when he 's a World War II veteran playing in the Negro Leagues and gets recruited by the forward-thinking Dodgers general manager , Branch Rickey , to join his minor-league club , the Montreal Royals . As Rickey , a stogie-chomping grump with a heart of gold , Harrison Ford seems to have reinvented himself as an actor . He gives an ingeniously stylized cartoon performance , his eyes atwinkle , his mouth a rubbery grin , his voice all wily Southern music , though with that growl of Fordian anger just beneath it . Calling Robinson into his office , he tells him that he needs a player who does n't so much have the guts to fight back as the guts not to fight back . 42 is a rousing tribute to how impossible , and therefore heroic , a stance that was . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  42 " is a sports drama about how Jackie Robinson broke the color line Critic says the writer-director lets it "  unfold in a plainspoken and deliberate fashion " The film stars Chadwick Boseman and Harrison Ford
London  CNN  -- David Miranda , the partner of Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald , won a partial victory in his legal action against the Metropolitan Police Thursday , but the judge left a loophole that allows the police to continue investigating the materials they seized from him on Sunday . Miranda , a Brazilian citizen , spent nearly nine hours in detention Sunday being questioned under a provision of Britain 's terrorism laws , after he was stopped as he changed planes on his way home from Berlin to Brazil . Authorities confiscated Miranda 's electronic equipment , including his mobile phone , laptop , memory sticks , smart watch , DVDs and games consoles . The High Court order says that the inspection , copying , disclosure , transfer and distribution of the materials seized must cease , save for the purpose of protecting national security and for the purpose of investigating whether the claimant is a person who is , or has been , connected with terrorism . Opinion : Silence the media , compromise freedom The Metropolitan Police said it is pleased that the High Court "  rejected an attempt to prevent further examination " of the seized material . "  We welcome the decision of the court which allows our examination of the material -- containing thousands of classified intelligence documents -- to continue in order to protect life and national security , " police said . Jonathan Laidlaw , a lawyer representing the Metropolitan Police , told the court a criminal investigation has been launched following inspection of the material seized from Miranda . "  Initial examination of material seized has identified highly sensitive material , the disclosure of which could put lives at risk , " police said . "  As a result the Counter Terrorism Command ... has today begun a criminal investigation . This investigation is at an early stage and we are not prepared to discuss it in any further detail at this stage . " Speaking outside court , Miranda 's lawyer Gwendolen Morgan , of the law firm Bindmans , described the ruling as a partial victory . She said she was not aware of any basis for the criminal investigation , adding that at no point during his detention was Miranda asked any questions about whether he was a terrorist . Miranda and his legal team will decide whether to appeal the ruling after the court provides its full reasoning , she said . The implications of this judgment are "  something journalists worldwide should be worried about , " Morgan added . Miranda 's partner , Greenwald , has been at the forefront of high-profile reports exposing secrets in U.S. intelligence programs , based on leaks from former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . ` Misuse ' of terror law Bindmans , which was hired by The Guardian to represent Miranda , filed the case to seek recovery of Miranda 's property and prevent the government from inspecting the items or sharing what data it may have already gleaned from them . The High Court claim followed a written request to the Home Office and Metropolitan Police asking for assurances that the material will not be inspected , copied or shared with third parties . The UK authorities misused Section 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000 to detain Miranda , Morgan said in the court filing Wednesday . Their action was also in breach of European human rights law , she said . Miranda ` afraid ' during questioning The law firm was seeking an injunction against the government because it has not given the undertakings asked for , she said . "  The purpose of these proceedings is to protect the confidentiality of the sensitive journalistic material that was seized from the Claimant . Confidentiality , once lost , can clearly never be restored , " she said . The British government has defended its actions in Miranda 's case , saying it has a duty to ensure national security . The Metropolitan Police have called what happened "  legally and procedurally sound " and said it came after "  a detailed decision-making process . " Evidence of pressure from prime minister New evidence emerged Wednesday that the pressure placed on The Guardian over its reporting on information leaked by Snowden came from the highest levels of government . Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger told CNN on Wednesday how a senior British official who asked The Guardian to destroy hard drives containing leaked information about the NSA was "  acting on behalf of the prime minister , " David Cameron . Rusbridger said the official has now been identified as Cabinet Secretary Jeremy Heywood , and that he first contacted him in mid-June . "  He said he was acting on behalf of the prime minster , " Rusbridger said . "  For about a period of a month , it was a cordial conversation . " But by mid-July , Rusbridger said , "  it became an explicit threat of legal action if we did n't either return the disks or destroy them . " The Guardian complied by destroying the hard drives . "  The point , which I explained to the British officials , was that Glenn Greenwald , the Guardian reporter , lives in Brazil , " Rusbridger told CNN 's Hala Gorani , who was sitting in for Christiane Amanpour . "  He has a copy , and we already have another copy in America . So destroying a copy in London was n't going to stop us from reporting . " Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , who heads the Liberal Democrats , Cameron 's coalition partners , considered the authorities ' request "  reasonable , " his office said . â $ ª "  The Deputy Prime Minister felt this was a preferable approach to taking legal action , " according to a statement issued Wednesday evening . "  He was keen to protect the Guardian 's freedom to publish , whilst taking the necessary steps to safeguard security . " Miranda was stopped as he was returning to the couple 's Rio de Janeiro home after staying in Berlin with filmmaker Laura Poitras , who has been working with Greenwald on NSA-related stories . Miranda has said he does n't know what material he was carrying . He does n't work for The Guardian , but the newspaper paid for his flights because he was helping his partner . He and Greenwald told CNN 's Anderson Cooper of their distress and anger about his treatment at Heathrow Airport . "  To start detaining people who they think they are reporting on what they 're doing under terrorism laws , that is as dangerous and oppressive as it gets , " said Greenwald . Opinion : U.K. government and press collide in bullying of reporter 's partner CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and Mick Krever and Andrew Carey reported in London . CNN 's Bryony Jones and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Police hail court 's rejection of "  attempt to prevent further examination of material seized " Court bars use of materials seized , except for purpose of protecting national security Lawyer for the police says a criminal investigation has been launched Miranda was detained for nearly 9 hours Sunday at Heathrow Airport
Dallas  CNN  -- A federal judge has blocked key parts of a Texas law that would require doctors to provide a sonogram to pregnant women before they get an abortion , days before the law was set to take effect . U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks , in Austin , Texas , found that several portions of the law are "  unconstitutionally vague , " and that it violates the First Amendment by compelling doctors and patients to engage in government-mandated speech . As written , the law would require women seeking an abortion in Texas to view a picture of the embryo or fetus and hear a description of its development before having the procedure . It was to take effect on September 1 . The preliminary injunction , issued Tuesday , blocks the state from enforcing any penalties against a doctor who does not place sonogram pictures where a pregnant woman may see them , or does not make the heartbeat audible . It also blocks penalties against the woman . "  Today 's ruling is a huge victory for women in Texas and a clear signal to the state legislature that it went too far when it passed this law , " said Nancy Northup , president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights . "  Politicians have no business telling doctors how to practice medicine or meddling in women 's private medical decisions . " The Center filed the lawsuit , which was granted class-actions status . Texas Gov. and Republican presidential hopeful Rick Perry said the state would appeal the decision . "  Every life lost to abortion is a tragedy and  the  ruling is a great disappointment to all Texans who stand in defense of life , " he said in a statement . "  This important sonogram legislation ensures that every Texas woman seeking an abortion has all the facts about the life she is carrying , and understands the devastating impact of such a life-changing decision . " The bill stirred some controversy in Texas , but it easily passed through the state House and Senate , both of which are controlled by Republicans . The law says that at least 24 hours before an abortion is performed , women must undergo a sonogram , a procedure that uses ultrasound to create an image . The doctor , then , is required to give , "  in a manner understandable to a layperson , a verbal explanation of the results of the sonogram images , including a medical description of the dimensions of the embryo or fetus , the presence of cardiac activity , and the presence of external members and internal organs , " the law states . In his order , Sparks agreed with the abortion providers that many clauses in the law were too vague . He wrote , "  The court is inclined to agree with  the  defendants ' characterization that  the  "  plaintiffs have chosen to throw everything at the wall and hope something sticks . " The court also found that the sonogram law goes beyond existing informed consent laws regarding abortion and constituted a violation of the First Amendment . The law "  compels physicians to advance an ideological agenda with which they may not agree , regardless of any medical necessity , and irrespective of whether the pregnant women wish to listen , " Sparks wrote .	A judge ruled that doctors can not be penalized for not showing images to women The law was to go into effect September 1 The judge found some of the language unconstitutionally vague He also said that it violated the First Amendment
CNN  -- Toyota has announced drastic production cuts in North America and China due to difficulty in supplying parts following the massive earthquake and tsunami in Japan . Previously , Toyota Motor Engineering and Manufacturing North America , Inc.  TEMA  , had said it would suspend production on Mondays and Fridays between April 15 and April 25 . That will continue through June 3 , the company said in a statement . "  During the same period , production will run at 50 % on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday , " the statement said . In addition , Canadian production will be suspended for the week beginning May 23 , and U.S. production for the week starting May 30 . No decisions have been made for production after June 3 , according to Toyota Motor Corp. . "  No layoffs are planned during this period , " the statement said . "  Team members will utilize nonproduction time for training and plant improvement activities . " "  We are trying to continue production as much as possible and keep our work force intact in order to facilitate a smooth transition back to full production when all parts are available , " said Steve St. Angelo , executive vice president of TEMA . Last month , Toyota told its U.S. plants to prepare to shut down because of parts supply problems . Toyota employs 25,000 workers in North America . It operates nine plants in the United States in Kentucky , Indiana , Texas , Tennessee , Alabama , West Virginia , California and Mississippi . It also operates three plants in Canada and one in Mexico . In China , the company plans to go to 30 % to 50 % production from Thursday through June 3 because of difficulties delivering parts . Toyota had already announced that it dropped production in its manufacturing facilities in Japan to 50 % . Officials said Tuesday that the drop in production would continue and that Toyota would stop production all together between the dates of April 28 to May 9 . The earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck Japan on March 11 , leaving thousands dead .	Toyota announces drastic production cuts in North America and China The company had already announced that it dropped production in Japan The cuts come amid difficulty in supplying parts after last month 's quake and tsunami in Japan
CNN  -- The paint is peeling , puddles litter the inside of the building , putrid water lies in what was supposed to be a swimming pool and even the statue of the man who had the vision to build the sports complex is cracked -- a sad and inglorious tribute to Marc-Vivien Foe 10 years to the day after the Cameroonian 's tragic death . Once earmarked as a state-of-the-art $ 10 million sports academy , the only inhabitants today are not the next generation of Indomitable Lions but a handful of squatters and policemen -- with Foe 's father funding the latter because of the high risk of theft in this corner of Yaounde . Those are not Martin Foe 's only financial concerns because his bitter row with Marc-Vivien 's widow Marie-Louise over the distribution of the estate of the two-time African champion , double French league winner and former Premier League star lies at the heart of the complex 's decline . With Martin claiming that Marc-Vivien 's properties should be returned to his side of the family and the star 's wife -- neither relative would speak directly to CNN -- believing she should be the recipient , the duo are at such loggerheads that a resolution seems incredibly remote . It 's a dispute made all the more tragic given the former international 's body lies in the all-but-abandoned complex . Shortly after the midfielder died of cardiac arrest during a Confederations Cup semi-final on 26 June 2003 , Cameroon 's government pledged funds to ensure completion of a project started by a man who was posthumously decorated as a Commander of the National Order of Valor . The country 's then prime minister laid the medal on top of Foe 's coffin as some 3,000 mourners - including further government dignitaries , FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Cameroon 's football squad -- gathered at the four-hectare site . But because of the intense familial row -- while a government promise of funds also failed to materialize -- the real legacy of Foe 's death is not to be found in a suburb of Cameroon 's capital but in the world 's international football stadiums instead . "  Foe 's death really shook FIFA and what changed was the attitude of the Executive Committee and other decision-makers towards medicine and the health of the players , " Professor Jiri Dvorak , FIFA 's chief medical officer , told CNN from Brazil . "  There were already medical courses in place and we were aware of the issue of cardiac arrest , but that was the extent of what we were doing . But once we experienced it live , in front of rolling TV cameras , we realized the reality of the situation and understood we had to do more . "  It made me certain that prevention was the way to go and so many , many new regulations have been implemented since then to reduce the risk of sudden cardiac death on the pitch . " Medical screening Football 's world governing has acted steadily over the years to try to ensure that there are as few repeats as possible of the awful scenes that were broadcast to millions around the world from Lyon a decade ago . The French city was , ironically , the very one where Foe 's registration was kept although English side Manchester City had been keen to sign the tall Cameroonian -- who had been with them on loan the preceding year -- on a permanent basis . They would never get the chance as the then 28-year-old collapsed in the 72nd minute of the semifinal against Colombia with no-one around him . An opponent was the first to notice the seriousness of the situation and unlike the swift treatment given to Bolton Wanderers ' Fabrice Muamba at Tottenham Hotspur last year , medical assistance was slow to arrive . Despite attempts to resuscitate him for 45 minutes and the fact that he was still alive when taken to the ground 's medical center , Foe died because of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy -- a condition that involves an abnormal thickening of the heart muscle . Those who are prone to the problem are up to five times more likely to suffer a cardiac arrest when exercising intensively than they would be when leading a sedentary lifestyle . As the tributes flooded in for a talented player with terrific stamina and , according to those who knew him , a permanent smile on his face , FIFA reacted by making it mandatory to equip all stadiums hosting international matches with automated external defibrillators . In addition , the organization introduced medical screenings of all players ahead of any FIFA competition -- a policy which was of clear benefit to all the recipients , but especially those from Foe 's continent . At the African Under-17 Championship in Algeria , FIFA -- in conjunction with the continental body CAF and the local FA -- medically assessed all 160 players and unwittingly discovered that nearly 70 % of the teenagers had never seen a doctor before in their lives . Late last month , FIFA issued all of its 209 member associations a Medical Emergency Bag , one which the global body says is similar to those in use by the American and South African military and which , more importantly , boasts a defibrillator among its contents . However , Dvorak readily concedes that the bag will be largely worthless unless the training of teams ' medical personnel is up to scratch . "  It is important that the doctors and paramedics are adequately educated to be able to use it in case of emergency , but we can never guarantee that the right training is being done all around the world , " said the Czech . "  Definitely at those competitions where we are responsible , like the Confederations Cup here in Brazil , we check that the relevant people are able to understand what they have in their hands -- and how important it is that they know . " All the more so since the first symptom of those suffering hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can sometimes be death itself , while footballers to have died of cardiac issues in recent years form a depressingly long list -- with the cases of Antonio Puerta  Sevilla  , Daniel Jarque  Espanyol  and Phil O'Donnell  Motherwell  prominent among them . While the medical measures undertaken by FIFA form part of Foe 's legacy , a final chapter continues to play out wherever Cameroon 's Indomitable Lions roam . Irreplaceable midfielder The first team from Africa to reach the World Cup quarterfinals  in 1990  , Cameroon were feared at the time of Foe 's death -- with the team having added the 2002 Nations Cup to their 2000 title as they became the first to win back-to-back crowns in nearly four decades . Since the death of a central midfielder who has simply proved irreplaceable in the middle -- a box-to-box player with aerial presence and a calming , disciplined demeanor -- Cameroon 's footballing fortunes have steadily declined . They have not won a match at the World Cup since Foe 's death  missing out on Germany 2006 altogether  nor another African title -- and political rows and team squabbling have meant the four-time continental champions have failed to qualify for the last two Nations Cups . The last month has been indicative of the country 's recent woes , with World Cup qualification having hung by a thread until opponents Togo -- who beat Cameroon earlier this month -- were found to have fielded an ineligible player during the qualifier , meaning the Lions may be awarded some fortuitous points instead . At the same time , the football federation chose to re-elect Iya Mohamed as president -- despite the fact he was being detained by local police at the time after being accused of transgressions connected to his role as director-general of the state-owned Cotton Development Company . A once proud game is , in short , something of a mess -- and perhaps the crumbling complex where the patriotic Marc-Vivien Foe lies is a fitting , if sad , reflection of the lamentable state of Cameroonian football today .	26 June 2013 is the10th anniversary of Marc-Vivien Foe 's death Foe died from a cardiac arrest during a Confederations Cup semi in Lyon , France Back in Cameroon , Foe 's sports academy is in a state of disrepair Last month FIFA issued all of its 209 member associations with a Medical Emergency Bag
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's prime minister said Monday he will resign to save what he called the country 's "  infant democracy . " Pushpa Kamal Dahal cited a serious political crisis caused by the president 's "  unconstitutional " order . It is the latest fallout over the status of Nepal 's army chief , Gen. Rookmangud Katawal . The Maoist government sacked Katawal on Sunday . Hours later , President Ram Baran Yadav reinstated him . Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal , commonly known as Prachanda , resigned on Monday , citing a serious political crisis caused by the president 's "  unconstitutional " order . "  The dual powers that have been unconstitutionally established in the country must end under any circumstance , " Prachanda said in a televised address announcing he would resign from the country 's Cabinet . Prachanda is the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  , which had been the largest party in Nepal 's coalition government until it recently withdrew . The former guerilla leader headed a decade-long bloody Maoist insurgency to abolish the country 's monarchy before being sworn in as prime minister in August . In his address on Monday , Prachanda blamed certain political parties and "  power centers " for "  striking at our democracy , constitution and the peace process by putting the president in the forefront of the controversy over the chief of army staff . " "  This has raised concerns over our infant democracy and the peace process , " he said . "  I appeal to the people , civil society and political powers to be committed to the struggle for establishing a democratic Nepal . " Nepal 's interim constitution gives the president powers as supreme commander of the army and guardian of the constitution . Yadav 's spokesman said the president had the support of 18 parties in parliament when he reinstated the army chief . The decision to fire Katawal touched off protests . Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets on Sunday . Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions , there were no serious injuries reported . The Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government 's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels , as a 2006 peace deal required . The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency . Under the deal , more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country 's security forces . Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Government calls president 's order to keep army chief in office "  unconstitutional " Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal resigns over order Maoist government ordered army chief of staff to be fired after recruitment issue Military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-Maoist rebels
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Beastie Boys canceled all scheduled concerts and delayed their next album release while member Adam "  MCA " Yauch is treated for a cancerous tumor in a salivary gland , Yauch says in a video statement to fans . The Beastie Boys ' Adam Yauch will be treated for a cancerous tumor in a salivary gland . "  The good news is that they did scans of my whole body and it 's only localized in this one area and it 's not in a place that affects my voice , " Yauch says . "  So , that 's nice . That 's convenient . " The cancer is in his left parotid gland and "  also in a lymph node right in that area , " he says . He will probably have surgery next week and radiation treatments afterward , he says . With band mate Adam "  Ad-Rock " Horovitz sitting next to him , Yauch tells fans how he found out he had cancer . "  About two months ago , I started feeling this little lump in my throat , like you would feel if you have swollen glands or something like that , like you 'd feel if you have a cold , so I did n't really think it was anything , " he says . His doctor sent him to a specialist who diagnosed the cancer , he says . Yauch does not estimate how long the tour will be delayed , but he apologizes to "  anyone who 's made plans " to come to the shows . The illness will also delay the release of the band 's next album , "  Hot Sauce Committee Part 1 , " he says .	Beastie Boys member Adam "  MCA " Yauch has cancerous tumor Band postponing tour , delaying release of next album while he gets treated Yauch : Tumor "  only localized in this one area "
CNN  -- European leaders meeting in Brussels Thursday need to send Russia an unmistakeable signal that its military intervention in Ukraine will not be tolerated . The consequences of failing to act firmly would have a negative impact far beyond the European Union 's eastern neighborhood . One country waiting quietly to see if Vladimir Putin gets away with his de facto land grab in Crimea is China , a growing military power locked in a series of territorial disputes with the countries around it . There is too much at stake for the lesson that borders can be unilaterally changed by force to be allowed to stand . An important starting point is for EU policy makers to understand that Russia acted out of weakness rather than strength . Faced with the loss of a friendly regime in his own back yard , Putin lashed out without any real thought for the consequences . There are already signs that he realizes he overplayed his hand . In his press conference on Tuesday , the Russian President stressed the limited and temporary nature of his goals , professed friendship towards Ukraine and even expressed sympathy for the protestors who overthrew his Ukrainian ally , Viktor Yanukovych . The reason for this is clear . Putin wants to rebuild his influence over Ukraine as a whole and recognizes that the occupation of Crimea is more likely to unite the country against him . A second factor giving him pause for thought will have been the reaction of the markets in weakening the ruble and wiping billions from the value of Russian businesses . Russia 's economic difficulties were already beginning to mount before this crisis broke . Growth is stagnant and likely to remain so . Little progress has been made in modernizing and diversifying the economy despite years of talking about it . Net capital outflows from Russia run at tens of billions of dollars each year at a time when its investment requirement remains huge . Russia may find an ally in China Even Russia 's status as an energy superpower is now challenged by a combination of American shale gas and EU competition measures against Gazprom . Indeed , the only metric by which Russia remains strong is its ability to generate scary headlines in the western media . These vulnerabilities give the EU plenty of options for leverage over Russia if it chooses to use them . One important focus of attention should be on political and economic reform in Ukraine itself . Stabilizing the situation , providing economic aid and encouraging free elections to choose a new government should be immediate priorities . Assistance should also be given to help Ukraine realize its goal of energy independence from Russia . Work to allow the reverse flow of Ukraine 's pipelines to import gas from west to east will increase supply options until measures can be taken to raise domestic production . Reviving and completing the EU 's association agreement with Ukraine will be another important element . The aim should not be to shut Russia out . Ukraine and Russia have strong ties of history and culture , a fact still reflected in the preference of most Ukrainians for close relations between the two countries . The EU should be willing to talk to Russia about its interests in the region and the creation of a common economic space provided Russia ends its military intervention , restores friendly ties with Kiev and does n't assume a right of veto over Ukraine 's future . Influence has to be earned not asserted as an attribute of Russian greatness . If Russia wo n't be a good neighbor , the EU should help Ukraine to move on regardless . Targeted measures aimed at the financial and personal interests of the Russian elite will also help to focus minds . We know from the Kremlin 's furious reaction to the U.S. Magnitsky act that this can be an effective instrument . Travel bans and asset freezes aimed at Russian officials who supported and facilitated the invasion of Crimea should be combined with a rolling program of money laundering investigations into Russian financial assets held in western banks . Action to restrict flows of western capital , limit technology transfer and toughen visa requirements would also hurt . Perhaps the most provocative thing western governments could do would be to remind Russia of what it potentially stands to lose by undermining the principle of territorial integrity in relations between states . Russia has been anxious about its own internal cohesion since the break up of the Soviet Union . In addition to concerns about Kaliningrad and eastern Siberia , Moscow faces open revolt in the northern Caucasus . Upgrading diplomatic contacts with non-violent opposition groups from these regions is a message the Kremlin would understand . So far the measures European leaders have been prepared to discuss fall far short of what is required get Russia 's attention . The suspension of trade talks that were in any case going nowhere and even cancellation of the G8 summit come under the heading of gesture diplomacy . The Obama administration has been much tougher in thinking about the kinds of sanctions that are needed . With deeper ties of energy and trade , European leaders feel they have more to lose and are reluctant to endanger what remains a fragile economic recovery . But they risk far more if nothing is done in response to a grave violation of international law . Only a direct challenge to Russia 's material and geopolitical interests is likely to have an impact on Putin 's calculations . Anything short of that will amount to a wasted day out in Brussels . Read more : Full coverage of Ukraine crisis Read more : Why would Moscow risk war ? Read more : Five ways to end the crisis The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Clark .	European leaders are meeting to discuss sanctions against Russia over Ukraine David Clark says Putin acted without thought and Russia 's economy is weak Clark says Russia has vulnerabilities Europe can leverage -- and should do so He says gesture diplomacy will not be enough , otherwise the talks will be wasted
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Ailing President Umaru Musa Yar ` Adua has returned home to Nigeria , though it was not immediately clear whether he was well enough to resume duties . Abdullah Aminchi , Nigeria 's ambassador to Saudi Arabia -- where Yar ` Adua has been receiving medical treatment since November -- said the president 's health had improved considerably and that he went back to Nigeria on Tuesday . He was treated for inflammation of tissue around the heart , a condition that was diagnosed last fall after he complained of chest pain . He was taken to King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , where he had undergone his last checkup in August , his doctor said His absence had created a power vacuum in Africa 's most populous nation , observers said . It also sparked demonstrations in the nation 's capital , Abuja , where protesters demanded a constitutional order on his absence and evidence about his true state of health . Explainer : Will Nigeria 's leader return to power ? As a fix , Nigerian lawmakers voted earlier this month to install the country 's Vice President Goodluck Jonathan as head of state . A statement from the U.S. assistant secretary of state for the Bureau of African Affairs Wednesday welcomed the news of Yar ` Adua 's return , but said he hoped that it was not "  an effort by his senior advisors to upset Nigeria 's stability and create renewed uncertainty in the democratic process . " "  Nigeria is an extraordinarily important country to its friends and partners , and all those in positions of responsibility should put the health of the president and the best interests of the country and people of Nigeria above personal ambition or gain , " said the statement from Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson . "  As a nation of 150 million people , Nigeria 's democracy and its continued adherence to constitutional rule should be the highest priority , " the statement added .	Unclear whether Umaru Musa Yar ` Adua will resume duties Yar ` Adua has been treated for inflammation of tissue around the heart His three month absence created a power vacuum in Nigeria
CNN  -- The World Bank said that it is increasing funding to the war-wracked and drought-stricken Horn of Africa to $ 1.88 billion from more than $ 500 million , a generous gesture that coincides with a U.N. mini-summit on the devastated region . "  Countries in the Horn of Africa that are facing one of the worst droughts in more than half a century , causing mounting malnutrition , food insecurity , and displacement of people , " the D.C.-based bank said in a statement on Saturday . The announcement comes as the first week of U.N. debates wrapped up Saturday where delegates continued to outline their visions for peace and global security . "  In Ethiopia , Kenya , Somalia and Djibouti , more than 13 million people need our help , " said U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon during the summit . "  In Somalia , famine has spread through large areas of the south . " Ban said three-quarters of a million people are "  at imminent risk of starvation " as a result of war , rising food costs and droughts that have continually plagued the region . He described the situation in the Horn of Africa "  as the worst humanitarian crisis in the world . " "  Somalia will never be free of the threat of famine until it has peace and stability , " said the U.N. chief . "  We could save many more lives if we were given free access to areas under the control of Al-Shabaab . " The al Qaeda-linked group has been waging an insurgency against Somalia 's transitional government since 2006 .	The U.N. hosts a mini-summit on drought and famine in the Horn of Africa Three-quarters of a million people are "  at imminent risk of starvation , " said the U.N. chief
CNN  -- "  Jurymen seldom convict a person they like , or acquit one that they dislike . " -- Clarence Darrow A moussed , tousled brown hairstyle is murder trial defendant Phil Spector 's latest look . Since April , the murder trial of music producer Phil Spector has been playing out in Los Angeles , California , oddly contrasting gruesome CSI details with the defendant 's daily fashion emergency . Jurors finally will go behind closed doors for deliberations at the end of the week . Their impressions of Spector 's over-the-top fashion statements and nebbish-like demeanor could weigh as heavily , legal analysts say , as any of the conflicting expert testimony about ballistics , blood spatter and other forensic evidence . Spector , a diminutive aging hipster who invented the "  Wall of Sound " and worked with the Beatles and Ike and Tina Turner , is accused of second-degree murder . He allegedly shot Lana Clarkson , a B-movie actress-turned-House of Blues hostess whose film credits include "  Barbarian Queen " and "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " As the sun began to rise on February 3 , 2003 , police found her body slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's 8,500-square-foot Pyrenees-style castle , a Colt Cobra Special .38 - caliber revolver at her feet . The question the jury must answer is straightforward : Did Spector , 67 , shoot Clarkson , 40 , in the face after she spurned his romantic advances and tried to leave his home ? Or did she shoot herself , either by accident or in suicidal despair over her flagging Hollywood career ? The jurors did n't hear directly from Spector . The most damaging testimony came from his Brazilian-born driver , who said the boss wandered out of the castle that morning and announced , "  I think I killed somebody . " His dress and mannerisms at the defense table were impossible to ignore . "  Sometimes the most important thing about a defendant 's court appearance is the defendant 's appearance , " Court TV anchor Lisa Bloom said . "  Looks count when it comes to a criminal trial , " agreed Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . "  They can work for a defendant , and they can work against a defendant . " Levenson , who observes and analyzes high-profile trials , has written a scholarly article on the subject . She cites studies that show jurors are influenced by how attractive -- or unattractive -- a defendant is . Such impressions are not formally recognized as evidence in most courts , and jurors are rarely instructed on how to weigh them , she found . Levenson concludes that jurors inevitably take cues from a defendant 's courtroom demeanor , whether judges want them to or not . Demeanor makes the biggest impact when a defendant does n't take the stand . "  We need to be realistic as to how we deal with the theater of the courtroom , " Levenson concludes . "  Demeanor evidence of non-testifying parties is the new frontier . " She suggests adding a jury instruction to weigh a defendant 's demeanor like any other character evidence . It could prove to be a controversial idea . Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst , is comfortable with the current standard . "  If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , " he said . "  Jurors ca n't help but look at a defendant . But turning it into a formal part of trial would be a mistake . " Levenson agreed to share an advance copy of her richly footnoted paper , which will be published in January 's Minnesota Law Journal . She cites several well-known cases in which jurors later said their impressions of the defendant influenced their verdicts : Attorneys long ago learned how to manipulate nonverbal cues to communicate with juries . "  Smart lawyers use it to their advantage , " said Mark Geragos , a frequent guest on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " The prominent Los Angeles criminal defense attorney has given makeovers to several of his clients , including Whitewater figure Susan McDougal , who favored white pantsuits in court and won acquittals at two trials . Spector 's courtroom appearance seems to be a misfire , said Geragos , who does n't believe the defense team is making the fashion calls . Geragos says a defendant can "  make or break himself " " At Spector 's trial , jurors have heard about his history of threatening women with guns , although one witness left an impression more comic than fearsome when she offered this description of the gun-toting defendant : "  He looked like Elmer Fudd . The gun was bigger than he was , " said Kathy Sullivan , recalling an incident she alleges took place in 1997 or 1998 . By contrast , the jurors ' view of Clarkson has only two dimensions . In the agency photos she used to look for acting jobs , she is a striking , tanned California blonde with windswept hair and a broad smile of white , perfectly even teeth . In heels , she stood about 6 feet tall , according to testimony , while Spector is 5 feet , 4 inches tall . Jurors also have been barraged by gruesome crime scene photos of Clarkson . Her mouth is a pulpy crimson chasm . The revolver lies at her feet , which turn outward in platform Mary Janes . Jurors heard during the prosecutor 's case how the bullet severed her spinal cord and shattered her teeth , spraying bloody saliva in a two - to six-foot arc , about how her dying gasps may have sprayed onto Spector 's white jacket . Levenson has been advising the judge on legal issues during the Spector trial , so she declined to comment on the specifics of his case . But the consensus among the experienced trial analysts who spoke with CNN is that Spector has not done himself any favors . Spector has sported three hairstyles in three different shades , a color wheel of pastel ties and pocket handkerchiefs topped at times by foppish , flowing morning coats . He has worn an orange tie with a pink shirt , and a black shirt unbuttoned in a fashion better suited for an airport lounge . He wears platform shoes . Trial bloggers and observers gossip about whether he is wearing a wig or lipstick . "  He 's definitely a nutty guy , " observed Toobin . "  He 's certainly not a very likable looking guy . " "  Somewhere between Charles Manson and Marilyn Manson , " quipped Kendall Coffey , a former U.S. attorney in Miami who regularly comments on legal matters for CNN . "  As a prosecutor you 're saying , ` Bring it on . We like blond . We like goofy clothes . We like a guy who looks like he 's as phony as a $ 3 bill . ' " Coffey says Spector looks "  completely untrustworthy " " "  Fairly unhinged " was the impression offered by Geragos , who described Spector 's courtroom look as "  perplexing . " The usually ebullient lawyer was uncharacteristically subdued in his comments : "  It is not an engaging look . It is not repulsive . I do n't think this would be your ideal situation from a defense standpoint . " Court TV 's Lisa Bloom believes Spector is trying to communicate to jurors that he 's "  an eccentric rock star " who does n't place much stock in what 's happening in the courtroom . "  I think the pimp suits are his way for showing disrespect for the process . " Bloom said Spector is sending a message : "  It 's all about me , me , me . I 'm the celebrity . It 's all about me . " She doubts it will be effective . "  His clothes are so out there , " Bloom said . "  His looks are so out there . Will it backfire ? I do n't know . You have to take into account this is L.A. " E-mail to a friend	Jury deliberations to begin soon in Phil Spector 's murder trial Legal analysts say demeanor , odd looks could be a factor Spector is accused of fatally shooting actress Lana Clarkson Spector 's defense says Clarkson shot herself
CNN  When Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 , hardly anyone in America could help but see his face at their breakfast table . His photo 's appearance on milk cartons after his May 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . On Friday , more than 35 years after frenzied media coverage of his case horrified parents everywhere , a New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing , Pedro Hernandez . He confessed to police three years ago . Etan Patz 's parents have waited that long for justice , but some have questioned whether that is at all possible in Hernandez 's case . His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not . Hernandez told police in a taped statement that he lured Patz into a basement as the boy was on his way to a bus stop in Lower Manhattan . He said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag . Neither the child nor his remains have ever been recovered . But Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "  IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , " his attorney Harvey Fishbein has said . Police interrogated Hernandez for 7 1/2 hours before he confessed . "  I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that when the police were finished , Mr. Hernandez believed he had killed Etan Patz . But that does n't mean he actually did , and that 's the whole point of this case , " Fishbein has said . But in November , a New York judge ruled that Hernandez 's confession and his waiving of his Miranda rights were legal , making the confession admissible in court . Another man 's name has also hung over the Patz case for years -- Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's babysitter . Etan 's parents , Stan and Julia Patz , sued Ramos in 2001 . The boy was officially declared dead as part of that lawsuit . A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million -- money the Patz family has never received . Though Ramos was at the center of investigations for years , he has never been charged . He served a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and was set to be released in 2012 . He was reportedly immediately rearrested upon exiting jail in 2012 on failure to register as a sex offender . Since their young son 's disappearance , the Patzes have worked to keep the case alive and to create awareness of missing children in the United States . In the early 1980s , Etan 's photo appeared on milk cartons across the country , and news media focused in on the search for him and other missing children . "  It awakened America , " said Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . "  It was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . " The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said . But the news industry was expanding to cable television , and sweet images of children appeared along with destroyed parents begging for their safe return . The fear rising across the nation sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act , which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . Former President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984 . It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . Joe Sterling and CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	The young boy 's face appeared on milk cartons all across the United States Patz 's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children Pedro Hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing in
CNN  -- It 's the internet 's fault that , if the U.S. Postal Service has its way , you wo n't be getting letters delivered to your mailbox on Saturdays anymore . After all , how many stamps have you bought lately ? But the engine of the USPS 's demise could also save it . After all , how many packages have you received from Amazon lately ? And would n't you like to get them faster ? Postal Service spokesman John Friess says that while its letter-carrying business is shrinking , its package-delivery business is growing .  Note that postal carriers will still be delivering packages on Saturdays .  In its anxious search to make money any way possible , the agency late last year began testing a same-day delivery service in San Francisco for online purchases . While the experiment , called Metro Post , is starting out small , it also comes at a time when the world 's largest online retailer might be looking for a lot of trucks and a lot of drivers who can do same-day delivery cheap . Amazon 's strategy for consumer domination includes erecting million-square-foot warehouses near the country 's largest cities . The company has played coy on whether its expanding physical infrastructure signals plans to offer same-day delivery on a wide scale . If so , it will still need a transportation infrastructure to go along with it . And that fleet ca n't just consist of UPS trucks that Amazon tells to go faster . Same-day delivery requires a fundamentally different logistical framework from its standard system , logistics experts say . To get orders delivered even as quickly as overnight , Amazon pulls together the orders at its distribution centers before turning the packages over to UPS or FedEx . The carriers then feed those packages into their own logistics operations , which typically means traveling to UPS or FedEx distribution centers and depots before heading out on trucks to people 's houses . All of that transit does n't move fast enough for same-day . To make same-day work , the orders must travel straight from the distribution centers to customers . Of course , Amazon could hatch plans with UPS and FedEx to offer same-day . Unlike those two companies , however , which both have thriving businesses doing what they already do , the USPS has drivers with fewer letters to deliver and a desperate need to innovate . According to the optimistic logic of the so-called sharing economy , that seemingly dire scenario does n't look like a problem ; it looks like idle capacity just waiting to be leveraged . According to Friess , the Postal Service would n't need to hire new drivers or buy more trucks to offer same-day , Friess says . The agency would simply have to adjust where its drivers were going and when . "  We already have the existing infrastructure in place , " he says . "  That 's what sets us apart . " The postal service still has miles to go before becoming Amazon 's courier of choice . The pilot program is limited to delivering a maximum of 200 packages per day to customers of 1-800-Flowers . com 's sister brands , which sell popcorn , cookies , chocolate and gift baskets . Friess says the USPS is planning to add more retailers soon . If the test is successful , which he says the agency believes it will be , Metro Post will roll out to other large markets across the country . Friess declined to speculate on whether the USPS ' 214,000 trucks â $ " what the agency calls the world 's largest civilian fleet â $ " could end up in the service of Amazon . But he said he believed the USPS will start to look increasingly attractive to other companies exploring the same-day option : "  We 'd never close the door on ways to expand our revenue . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Internet has hurt the postal service , but could also be its savior Amazon could go to same-day shipping , and use U.S. Postal to do it USPS has a pilot program , Metro Post , that does just that
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Thousands of angry protesters took to the street in downtown Dhaka and other major cities as regulators halted trading on the country 's prime Dhaka Stock Exchange after the DGEN index fell a record 9.25 % within an hour of opening on Monday . After Sunday 's record fall of 600 points , the market began at 10 a.m. , but it nose-dived within an hoursetting a record fall . The authority instantly halted the trading as the DGEN index dipped to 660 points in an hour triggering off violent protests . A notice on the DSE website reads , "  Today 's  10-01-2011  market has been halted as per SEC 's  Security and Exchange Commission  order , it will be resumed after further announcement . " All the top SEC and DSE executives sat in an emergency meeting and a DSE spokesman said the decision was taken to safeguard the tens of thousands of small investors who went on a selling spree in panic Monday morning . Many investors in the street , however , claimed the index dipped due to manipulation by some big investors . "  I 've lost my capital here ... I did n't have any job ... I borrowed taka 300,000  US$ 4285  from my relatives and invested ... two thirds of the capital has gone ... I 've become a pauper ... how can I repay the loan ? " lamented an investor , Abdur Rahim . Like Rahim , thousands of angry investors , who lost their money , immediately took to the street in downtown Motijheel and its adjoining areas -- defying large contingents of anti-riot police -- and damaged cars and buses . They took control of more than a kilometre of the street , blocking traffic movement and burning used tires and broken furniture in the capital 's commercial hub . The protests also spread many parts of the country including the southern port city of Chittagong , holy shrine city of Sylhet and many other places . Protesters marched in groups chanting anti-government slogans for not intervening before the market plunged and blocking the roads to traffic . "  The government will certainly look into if there is any manipulation , " Bangladesh Finance Minister AMA Muhith said . In Dhaka , police used clubs and water canon to disperse the violent protesters who pelted chunks of bricks and small stones at police in retaliation . Earlier , the biggest fall in a single day was on December 19 last year when DGEN slipped 552 points or 6.73 percent . The investors took a bumpy ride of a rollercoaster in recent weeks as they saw a record peak of 80 percent rise on December 5 and subsequently saw a nosedive after three days prompting protests in Dhaka and elsewhere in the country . In a bid to settle the market , the SEC on Sunday morning lifted the bank loan ceiling of 100 million taka  about US$ 1.43 million  for investing in the stock market and eased many other restrictions but those steps could not stop the price erosion on Monday . said . In Dhaka , police used clubs and water canon to disperse the violent protesters who pelted chunks of bricks and small stones at police in retaliation . Earlier , the biggest fall in a single day was on December 19 last year when the DGEN index slipped 552 points or 6.73 percent . The investors took a bumpy ride of a rollercoaster in recent weeks as they saw a record 80 % rise on December 5 and subsequently saw a nosedive after three days prompting protests in Dhaka and elsewhere in the country . In a bid to settle the market , the SEC on Sunday morning lifted the bank loan ceiling of 100 million taka  about US$ 1.43 million  for investing in the stock market and eased many other restrictions , but those steps did not stop the price erosion on Monday .	Dramatic drop in DGEN index prompts protests Protesters say market being manipulated by large investors Index fell 9.25 % with an hour of opening Monday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Desperate Housewives " star Eva Longoria 's divorce from NBA star Tony Parker was finalized by a Texas court , according to her publicist . Anderson Group Public Relations issued a short statement confirming the divorce Monday . The couple filed for divorce in November after reports surfaced that she found evidence he was cheating with the wife of a fellow San Antonio Spurs player . She filed in Los Angeles and he filed in Bexar County , Texas . "  It is with great sadness that after seven years together , Eva and I have decided to divorce , " Parker said in a statement at the time . "  We love each other deeply and pray for each other 's happiness . " Longoria issued a similarly worded statement a day later . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Longoria and Tony Parker both filed for divorce in November Both issued a statement at the time saying they still loved the other
A day care worker in Ohio is accused of raping two of the children she was trusted to care for . Heather Koon , 25 , was arrested Friday at her home in Oberlin and charged with two counts of rape , the Lorain County Sheriff 's Office announced in a statement . Koon was a full-time employee of ABC Kidz Childcare in Elyria from August 2012 to March , according to Carlos Johnson , the day care 's attorney . According to Johnson , authorities inadvertently learned of the alleged rapes late last week when they went to check on a registered sex offender and found an unregistered laptop . Koon was the sex offender 's girlfriend , according to CNN affiliate WKYC . Johnson said the laptop contained videos of the alleged rapes . He said the day care 's administrator called the parents of the two alleged victims on Friday to notify them . "  It 's a tragic allegation , and we hope it is untrue , " Johnson told CNN . He added that the day care is fully cooperating with the investigation and that Koon passed both state and federal background checks prior to her employment . "  She was just re-certified in January , " he said . Johnson said Koon went to another day care after she left ABC Kidz Childcare . Calls to Koon 's home , the sex offender and to family members of both were not returned Monday night . Koon was in the Lorain County Jail Monday night , according to the sheriff 's office website . It is not clear whether Koon has an attorney . The Lorain County Sheriff 's Office said "  the case is considered open and active with further investigation to follow . " Philly priest accused of raping altar boy Pastor accused of raping his parishioners Montana teacher who raped student after month-long sentence	Heather Koon is accused of raping 2 children while working at a day care Video of alleged rapes found on a sex offender 's laptop , day care 's attorney says Koon , 25 , was the sex offender 's girlfriend , according to CNN affiliate WKYC Koon passed background checks , the day care 's attorney tells CNN
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A northern Italian region has approved a measure to pay women from low-income families not to have abortions . Authorities from the Lombardy Region , on Italy 's border with Switzerland , approved the creation of a 5-million euro  $ 6.1 million  fund aimed at providing help to low-income families , the region said on its website this week . The fund would grant about 4,500 euros  $ 5,500  a year to a woman who changes her mind about having an abortion because of economic reasons . The woman would receive 250 euros  $ 306  a month for 18 months , according to the site . "  We want to help the family , maternity , and birth rate , removing the obstacles as much as possible , beginning with those of an economic nature that make it more difficult to choose in favor of life , " said the region 's president , Roberto Formigone . The option of accepting the check will be presented to women in abortion clinics during the consultations they have prior to having an abortion , the site said . The region 's health department said economic reasons were the predominant reason that woman have abortions . Critics attacked the measure as "  a short-term solution to a long-term problem , " according to Italian media . The fund is called "  Nasko , " a play on the Italian word "  nasco , " which roughly translates to "  I 'm being born . " About 128,000 abortions are performed in Italy every year , according to the Italian Health Ministry . That compares to 195,743 in England and Wales last year , according to the British Department of Health , and 846,181 in the United States in 2006 , according to the most recent figures reported by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Italian region to pay women not to have abortions Women would be from low-income families Authorities blame economic reasons for abortions Critics call it short-term solution
CNN  -- It was just after lunchtime , and 17 kindergartners huddled around a table marked with paint . Teacher Lindy Shoemaker held a vase covered in small objects : an "  I < 3 Tennis " keychain , a LEGO flag and other goodies the students brought from home . It might seem like any art class , but the students ' piece was inspired by the work of folk artist Howard Finster . The children knew about his colorful , eclectic art because they 'd seen them up close that day at the High Museum of Art in Atlanta . This , their teachers said , is the kind of learning that happens only when schools cut out the classroom and take learning on the road . In late February , students from the independent , private Galloway School in Atlanta spent the entire school day inside the museum . It was closed to the public but wide open to Galloway 's 750 students , ages 3 to 18 , for a day of "  school without walls . " This was no ordinary field trip , school leaders said . A museum visit typically means a bus ride , a few hours for students to observe the same exhibit , and a lot of reminders to stay quiet and not touch anything . On this day , hundreds of students , teachers and staff members flooded the museum , wearing white T-shirts with red logos that read "  HIGH Energy . " Movement and noise filled the wings as teachers and students explored lessons in art , music , history , geometry , physics -- all of them designed by teachers in collaboration with the museum 's education department . The experience pushed the boundaries of the usual field trip , Galloway Head of School Suzanna Jemsby said , even in an era when many schools are cutting trips entirely . The school was "  rethinking about it as a carnival of learning , " Jemsby said . "  There will be chaos , and that belongs to experiential learning , and that is what we 're looking for . We 're looking for a hubbub of activity and student inquiry . " Teaching from reality The idea for the "  school without walls " started simply , with a meeting of the Galloway School leader and the museum director . By allowing students to visit on a Monday , when the museum is typically closed , they could assure more freedom and security for students while still relying on the education and catering staff , they decided . Teachers visited during a professional development day and worked with the museum 's education department to design courses that paired existing exhibits with lessons their students would need even in their regular classrooms . The final schedule spanned 87 sessions for students in pre-K through high school , far more than could be offered during a standard school day , sometimes allowing teachers to break out of their typical subject matter . At the museum , Galloway health and physical education teacher Denny Beatty led a session about the civil rights movement called "  Walking in Someone Else 's Shoes . " Bayless Fleming 's students searched for shapes in the museum and wrote riddles that incorporated math vocabulary . Jemsby , the school leader , explored the color blue with young students . Museum workers pitched in , too : Director Michael Shapiro analyzed work by Western bronze artist Frederic Remington while Rhonda Matheison explained the business model for museums . "  Teachers had to think outside the box , teach from real things , teach in different ways than they have before , so it 's a big growth experience for them , " said Virginia Shearer , director of education at the High Museum . "  The difference is that students get to see the real thing up close and personal , and they get to connect all of that background learning to the real thing . " READ : Students , say goodbye to snow days It did n't take long for teachers to zero in on unique learning opportunities or for students to break out of a desk-and-classroom mindset . "  They 're much more excited by the learning , so it 'll stick with them more , " teacher Susan O'Shields said . The hardest part , some teachers said , was to remember what to pack : Without their usual classroom supplies available , they had to plan ahead . "  We kept being like , ` Oh , we need to get this . Oh , we need to pack that , ' " Fleming said . The value of a field trip Gas costs , budget cuts and jam-packed school days loaded with tests have all cut back on field trips that used to dot educational calendars . But if schools find a willing partner , they could easily replicate the idea behind the "  school with no walls , " Shearer said . Some schools are turning to technology , using Google Glass or Skype to take students to faraway places they could n't otherwise go . But even visits to local cultural institutions can hold tangible educational value , said Brian Kisida , an education reform researcher at the University of Arkansas ' College of Education and Health Professions . In a recent study involving nearly 11,000 students from 123 schools , he found that students who visited the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville , Arkansas , demonstrated stronger critical thinking skills , higher levels of social tolerance and greater historical empathy than those who did n't . They also developed a taste for art museums and cultural institutions . He found that benefits were even greater for students who came from high poverty or rural schools , minority students and those who had never before visited a museum . Those students are especially reliant on their schools to provide those experiences , he said . Some have come to see field trips and time in cultural institutions as "  unnecessary frills , " Kisida said , that slice away at time needed to maximize test scores . He says they 're not . "  Schools certainly have to deal with tight budgets , but they also have to prioritize different ways of spending their resources , " Kisida said . "  If school leaders are able to see the benefits of these types of trips , they might be able to prioritize them . " Kisida had n't heard of other schools hosting entire days of school at museums , but some programs are trying to emphasize learning outside the classroom , like the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum School Partnership Program in Boston and Embarc in Chicago , he said . "  It 's a great thing that should be replicated and serve as a model for other institutions and schools looking to expand the types of learning that they 're doing for their students , " he said . READ : Would you want Google Glass in your child 's school ? Sherri Breunig , a former public school teacher who 's now the director of communications for the Galloway School , said she can understand why some schools would be reluctant to try an entire school day away from the classroom : Worry about "  what-ifs " can get in the way of experiments , she said . "  There 's an element of fear , whether it 's an independent or a public school , that they have to stay within the lines when working with kids , " she said . "  You do n't have to be bound by these artificial lines when it comes to educating kids . " Nourishing the learning process Throughout the day , the museum was busy not with the usual crowds but with fifth-graders stretching in their movement class , sixth-graders pounding drums and first-graders painting polygons on T-shirts . Cutting out the classroom took some getting used to for some students . First-grader Jake Isenberg commented that he liked the size and variety of shapes inside the museum , while his classmate Nate Oertell said he preferred their regular classroom because it "  feels like more time at school . " Sixth-graders Vivi Malkonian and Lily Siegel , who went to sessions about African-American art , music and photography , agreed that the museum took them outside their comfort zones . "  At school , we 've been there forever , and we know it like the back of our hand , but here you get to explore and see new things you 've never seen before , " Malkonian said . "  I got to see a lot of new students I have n't worked with and their outlooks on the art , " Siegel said . READ : How one teacher is innovating his classroom Some high school students enjoyed the environment , but with their minds already geared toward college , a day in the museum did n't always help much . High school freshman Alexander Nieves said he saw some limitations to the event . He and his classmates are used to to the speed of laptops and other technology to move them efficiently through material , and with some students minds ' already on college , they struggled to connect with the offerings . Personally , he enjoyed the challenge . "  In school , you 're really just sitting down in a chair getting exercises drilled into your head , but this really allowed creative flow , " said Nieves , 15 . "  The main idea of school is to prepare someone for life , and the best way to do that is to not have the same environment . Experimenting with different environments gives students a sense of a new area and working and learning in different ways . " "  Variety , " he said , "  nourishes the learning process . " Has your school cut back on field trips , or found new ways to give students hands-on experiences ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Gas costs , budget cuts and test pressures have led some schools to cut field trips One Atlanta school took all its 750 students to a museum as a one-day learning experiment Researcher : Some field trips aid critical thinking , social tolerance and historical empathy
CNN  -- Media magnate Rupert Murdoch will meet journalists at his News International subsidiary in London Friday , to take charge of the crisis surrounding the embattled Sun newspaper , with some speculating whether he will "  sacrifice " UK staff to prevent the controversy from spilling across the Atlantic . "  At the moment it appears he is ready to sacrifice the journalists and journalism in London to do whatever it takes to be seen to be cleaning up his act there so that it will play better in the United States , " Andrew Neil , a former editor of Murdoch paper The Sunday Times , told CNN . "  The consequence of that is quite amazing -- The Sun , which is the most loyal newspaper Murdoch has ever owned -- now believes it is being hung out to dry and the Sun journalists are turning against them . " Murdoch issued a personal assurance to one of his executives that he 'll continue to own and publish The Sun newspaper , according to an internal staff memo sent by News International Chief Executive Tom Mockridge . Allegations of pay-offs to public officials by Sun employees -- five of whom were arrested Saturday -- threatens to bring the UK crisis across the shores to the U.S. , where the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prevents companies from paying bribes overseas . "  This is for Rupert Murdoch no longer about journalism . This is about defending News Corp. , his American based parent company , from judicial action and investigation in the United States , " Neil said . Such actions could put broadcast operations , the most profitable part of the News Corp. operations , in jeopardy , said Porter Bibb of Mediatech Capital Partners in New York . "  If it can be proven that anybody working for News Corp. bribed or gave money to an official of a foreign government -- i.e. the UK -- that 's a clear violation and the Justice Department will start the wheels in motion , and I think that 's what Rupert Murdoch has been gearing up for in the past few months , " Bibb said . All of the Sun employees were released on bail , and none so far have been charged . A wave of scandals This latest controversy surrounding Murdoch newspapers in the UK also raises a larger issue of journalists protecting confidential sources and paying to get information . If the case moves to the U.S. , it raises the specter of anti-bribery laws in a showdown with the First Amendment , which protects freedom of the press . "  It 's really ironic that the greatest threat to freedom of the press in Great Britain today , and around the world today perhaps , has come from Rupert Murdoch because of his excesses , " said Carl Bernstein , the Pulitzer-Prize winning journalist who , along with Bob Woodward , broke the Watergate series of stories that eventually led to the resignation of U.S. President Richard Nixon . The arrests of the Sun employees comes after Murdoch-owned newspaper News of the World was found to have hacked into private voice mails of a widespread range of public officials , celebrities and victims of crime . The phone-hacking scandal prompted Murdoch 's son , News Corp. executive James Murdoch , to shut down News of the World in July . The best-selling British newspaper was 168 years old . So far , News Corp. and its subsidiary companies have paid more than $ 200 million in legal fees and settling of 59 of 60 lawsuits that have been filed in the phone hacking case . Phone hacking : How the scandal unfolded James Murdoch is now facing new e-mail evidence that would have made him aware of widespread phone-hacking at the newspaper . The younger Murdoch has appeared twice before a UK investigatory committee and said he has no knowledge of the practice . While Murdoch started in newspapers , the UK division of his News Corp. empire -- which includes movie studio 20th Century Fox , the Fox Broadcasting Company and Harper Collins Publishers -- is only a $ 1.6 billion slice of the $ 32 billion empire . Dark side of the Sun "  I ca n't imagine a corporate crisis that is larger than this , " said Michael Wolff , a contributing editor to Vanity Fair and author of "  The Man Who Owns the News : Inside the Secret World of Rupert Murdoch . " "  There are essentially two parts of the company : There 's the American company which comprises most of the assets and earnings , and then there is the British company that is composed mostly of newspapers , " Wolff told CNN . "  That 's kind of a legacy company . It 's one of the places where Murdoch got his start and one of the places where his heart is . "  Most of the News Corp. executives in America have been saying for a long time , ` why do we have newspapers ? ' " Wolff said . "  The legal jeopardy of his son and heir , James Murdoch , gets more and more dire every day . I think they need to do something big and final , and I think it 's going to be getting rid of his UK business . " The Sun 's editor , Dominic Mohan , has said the paper has a readership of more than 7.7 million . Paying for stories The arrests of journalists have spread alarm , and prompted an editorial by the Sun that police dawn raids against its journalists were part of a "  witch-hunt " that had left Britain behind former Soviet states on press freedom . But there is a sense that the practices that helped Murdoch build his media empire are now threatening to bring it down . "  This is a system that Rupert Murdoch set up , these are his values that the Sun has practiced , let 's not kid ourselves about it any more than the atmosphere in the Nixon White House was about his aids and underlings , " Bernstein said . "  It 's both a tragic story and story of real corruption -- institutional corruption , moral corruption of a journalistic institution , but at the same time we need to protect the principal of protecting sources . " "  Rupert Murdoch had tabloid view of journalism , probably still does , that you do whatever it takes to get the story . The end will justify the means . You 've got to destroy the competition , " said Neil , who worked with Murdoch for 11 years . Bernstein said there are circumstances where paying for information is permissible . "  Such as if you are in Bosnia and you say to somebody , ` take me to a mass graves , I want to see the mass graves site ' .  But  is it permissible while following the royals around to say , ` here 's 100 pounds , tell me what the royal family was doing last night ' ? No . But at the same time , these bums ought to be protected along with those who practice real journalism . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson , Dan Rivers , Atika Shubert , Max Foster , Richard Quest , Felicia Taylor and Soledad O'Brien contributed to this story	Rupert Murdoch expected Friday to meet with employees of the Sun newspaper Five Sun employees were arrested Saturday on allegations of bribery Law prevents U.S. firms like News Corp to bribe officials in foreign governments Wolff : Pressure growing inside New Corp to shed its UK newspaper business
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy released nine of the 16 suspected pirates it was holding on a ship for the last few weeks , according to defense officials . The U.S. Navy apprehends suspected pirates February 12 in the Gulf of Arden . The pirates were released because the Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court , in accordance with a recent agreement between the United States and Kenya , the officials explained . The nine were brought into Somali waters and then handed over to the Puntland coast guard . Puntland is the self-proclaimed Somali state that includes the point of the horn of Africa . The suspected pirates were detained by the Navy after the captain of the Indian-flagged ship Premdivya broadcast a distress call to all ships in the area that it had come under attack by a small boat . The Navy saw a small boat meeting the description given by the Premdivya , and the occupants were detained and moved to the nearby USS Vella Gulf , where they were held .	Navy did n't have evidence to hand suspected pirates to Kenya for prosecution Nine people were brought into Somali waters , handed to coast guard Suspected pirates were detained after a captain broadcast a distress call Captain said he was under attack by pirates in small boat
CNN  -- A 7-year old Michigan boy took a 20-mile drive in his stepfather 's car , ending in a high-speed chase with local law enforcement , according to the Huron County Sheriff 's office . Around 10 a.m. Monday , 911 dispatchers received multiple calls reporting what appeared to be a young child driving a red Pontiac across town . "  Uh , yes , I 'm on Kinde Road outside of Caseville , and believe it or not , I just passed about a 5 - , 6-year-old kid flying down the road with a red Pontiac Sunbird , " one caller told the dispatcher as he tried to follow the speeding car . Eventually , the caller lost sight of the boy . According to Huron County Sheriff Kelly J. Hanson , the car was seen again minutes later in Caseville by another man who called 911 . It was racing past a Dairy Queen restaurant . Based on details provided by 911 dispatchers , Huron County Sheriff 's Deputy Randy Britt and Caseville Police Chief Jamie Learman began searching for the car . Hanson said Britt and Learman caught up to the young driver and attempted to stop the car , which officials said was driven as fast as 50 mph . The boy appeared to have difficulty pulling over and footage from Britt 's dashboard camera shows the officers eventually had to box the car in to slow it down . According to Hanson , though stopped , the car was still running and in gear . The boy was upset , he said , and could n't unlock the car door . Finally , officers were able to calm the child and get the door open . Britt put the vehicle in park . "  It was learned that the child had left his residence in his stepfather 's vehicle , which is in the Sheridan Township area . He was heading for his father 's residence in the Filion area , " said Hanson . "  Deputy Britt called the child 's mother and got her voicemail . She quickly returned the call and was unaware that her son was missing . Apparently , she had worked a night shift and had left instructions with the boy to be awakened at 10:00 a.m. " A deputy brought the mother to the car and her frightened son , where deputies arranged for them to go to the county Department of Human Services . "  We 're waiting to hear back from DHS to see how to proceed if we need to , if there is any trouble in the home , any neglect , " Hanson said . "  We wo n't release the parents ' names until DHS has decided what to do , so we do n't interfere with possible court proceedings . " No charges have been filed against the boy or his mother . According to Timothy J. Rutkowski , prosecuting attorney for the Huron County Prosecutor 's Office , "  We 're still in the process of looking over the report . "	911 caller reports "  kid flying down the road with a red Pontiac Sunbird " Boy takes stepfather 's car , heads for dad 's home miles away , police say No charges filed against boy as officials check family situation
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Vowing to help return democracy to Pakistan , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto ended eight years of self-imposed exile and returned Thursday to her native country , where she was greeted by a massive crowd of supporters . Former Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto cries upon landing at Karachi International Airport Thursday . Shortly after arriving in the southern port city of Karachi , Bhutto entered the bustling city streets in an armored motorcade for protection against the crush of supporters celebrating her arrival . Bhutto said she was "  emotionally overwhelmed " by the welcome , but she wasted no time addressing the political situation in Pakistan . Minutes after her arrival at Karachi International Airport , Bhutto called for a return to democracy to repair Pakistan 's tarnished image as a haven for terrorists . "  The people that you see outside are the real image of Pakistan , " she told reporters . "  These are the decent , hard-working , middle classes and working classes of Pakistan who want to be in power so that they can build a moderate modern nation where everybody has equality . "  This is the real Pakistan , and if we get democracy , this is the face of Pakistan the world will see , not the face of extremists who have thrived under dictatorships . " "  I hope I can live up to the great expectations which people here have , " she said . Her arrival comes amid death threats , which she told CNN were the result of "  the rise of extremism " and a "  fear " of her return . "  I am aware of the threats for my security , and this has been discussed with  President  General Pervez Musharraf , " Bhutto told CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi Wednesday . However , Bhutto warned of "  hidden hands " that would take action "  if any untoward action happens . " The threats come as the result of "  certain people who have gained a lot through dictatorship , " she said , referring to Musharraf 's grip on power . "  They have presided over the rise of extremism , they have created safe havens in the tribal areas of Pakistan for the Taliban and other militants , and they fear my return . " The streets of Karachi were packed with tens of thousands of supporters waving banners , dancing and chanting slogans calling for Bhutto as the next prime minister . An independent analyst and journalist in Pakistan told CNN that Thursday 's reception was one of the country 's biggest . See While there have been no official numbers , Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party estimated more than a million people turned out to greet the former Pakistani premier . Moved by the massive crowd , Bhutto said "  I ca n't believe how many people are outside that can see me . This is the most memorable moment in my life . " Hear Bhutto talk with CNN by phone upon arriving in Pakistan " Throngs of police and security guards fortified the city , strategically placed on rooftops and other posts in efforts to secure a peaceful homecoming . In addition , side streets were blocked with barriers . Riding in a bulletproof truck , Bhutto led a caravan to the tomb of Muhammad Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan , despite requests by authorities not to . See crowds gathered around Bhutto 's bulletproof truck as welders add finishing touches Several hours after her arrival , the caravan had only moved a short distance , not even clearing the airport premises . The motorcade will travel some 20 km  12 miles  to the tomb , and it may take until Friday morning before she reaches it due to the dense congestion , Pakistani officials said . Bhutto will eventually travel to her home in an upscale area near the coast . The 54-year-old Bhutto , the first woman ever to lead an Islamic nation , hopes to secure a third term as prime minister after January elections -- possibly under a power-sharing deal with Musharraf , who has seen his support plummet in recent months . Bhutto 's adviser has said she wants only a return to democracy . Earlier this month , Musharraf cleared the way for Bhutto 's return after agreeing to drop outstanding corruption charges against the former prime minister and a number of other politicians , as part of his own bid to stay in power . A union with Bhutto would allow Musharraf to stave off criticism about his grip on power , which would be significantly weakened if he stands by his pledge to abandon his position as military chief . He overwhelming won a third term as Pakistan 's president earlier in October in a parliamentary vote . Bhutto has said she would only join Musharraf 's government if he abandons his military post , which he has vowed to do sometime before he is sworn into office on Nov. 15 . The Bush administration continues to support Musharraf , whom it views as a key ally in the war on terrorism . However , administration officials have toned down that support in recent months after intelligence assessments indicated Musharraf 's agreement with tribal leaders gave al Qaeda and Taliban militants free rein along the Afghan border . That agreement has since been scrapped and the Pakistani military has resumed operations in the tribal regions . Despite seeking a power-sharing deal with Musharraf , Bhutto continues to criticize the Pakistani leader for allowing terrorists to thrive in the western tribal regions . Some of Bhutto 's critics warn that her desire to return to office is not simply about restoring democracy in Pakistan . Karachi-based social scientist S. Akbar Zaidi said he does n't think Bhutto "  has any democratic sentiment in her at all . " "  This is a way to power in Pakistan -- you make a deal with whoever happens to be in power , " he said . "  It 's got nothing to do with democracy . I think it 's unfortunate that the U.S. has been promoting this liaison between Musharraf and Benazir , hoping that it will bring democracy . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Zein Basravi in Dubai contributed to this report Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	"  Emotionally overwhelmed " Bhutto greeted by thousands on return to Pakistan Calls for return to democracy to repair Pakistan 's image as terrorist haven Bhutto heading for tomb of Pakistan 's founder , expected to address crowds Reception , said to be one of Pakistan 's biggest , comes amid threats to Bhutto
CNN  -- Actress and filmmaker Ricki Lake has a special connection to CNN Heroes . Her friend and onetime nanny , Marie Da Silva , was chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero in 2008 for her work starting a school for AIDS orphans in her native Malawi . Lake sat down with CNN Entertainment senior producer Denise Quan to talk about CNN Heroes . Below are excerpts from that interview . Denise Quan : You have a very personal connection with Marie Da Silva , do n't you ? Ricki Lake : Well , let me just say that I 'm the one who discovered Marie . I knew ! No , Marie was my employee ; she worked as my nanny for a decade . I knew from the second Marie walked in to the interview there was something special about her . She leads her life in such a positive way that she 's just a great example for me . Quan : So besides the personal connection , why is this cause so important to you ? Lake : My grandfather died of AIDS back in the late '80s , when a blood transfusion in a hospital could give you HIV and AIDS . So I 'm personally , obviously , connected to this disease and wanting to find a cure . But then you look at continents like Africa and how the population is completely annihilated by it . With Marie , to see her family members that have succumbed to the disease and the children in her village that are all left behind -- not only without parents , but without an education -- it just seems like an obvious cause to get behind . And it 's just remarkable when you think of what one person , a nanny of all professions , was able to do while working for me full time . To me , Marie 's picture is in the dictionary next to the word "  hero . " Quan : This is your third year of involvement with CNN Heroes -- Lake : Riding Marie 's coattails . -LSB- laughter -RSB- Yes , I 'm so appreciative of all that you guys do and personally how I 've been affected by what you do . Quan : How have you been inspired by some of the CNN Heroes that you 've met ? Lake : They 're amazing . The fact that they do so much in their own lives , it 's like they 're so separate but so organically similar . There are so many parallels about these remarkable people that give so much of themselves to help others for very little fanfare . That 's what I love about this event . It gives this , you know , just due recognition , knowing firsthand what Marie did pre-CNN Heroes acknowledgment , and post . She 's been able to build a secondary school . Now they have a school bus . Now her goal is to change the curriculum of AIDS education in all of Africa . It feels like none of that would have been possible without the exposure that CNN Heroes has given her . Quan : Why do you think celebrities like you keep coming back to help us out , year after year ? Lake : I think we 're all inspired . We 're all just regular people and want to do our part . I want to be close to what you guys are doing , I want to do more . I ca n't wait to see who 's being honored this year . I look forward to that night and just being a part of it . Being there live , it 's in your blood , you know ? You just feel like you 're walking on air to meet these people . Quan : Why do you think we need to honor everyday heroes ? Lake : We all could use a little inspiring . To see what our neighbor is doing to help others , I think , makes us do better and be better . It makes you feel good . It makes you feel like you 're doing something worthwhile . We all can do a lot more than we 're doing .	Marie Da Silva , a top 10 CNN Hero in 2008 , was once a nanny for actress Ricki Lake Da Silva funds a school for AIDS orphans in her native country of Malawi Lake has a personal connection to the disease ; her grandfather died of AIDS in the '80s
Legendary Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian of all time , was arrested early Tuesday in Maryland on a DUI charge , according to the Maryland Transportation Authority . Phelps , known as the "  Baltimore Bullet " and winner of 18 Olympic gold medals , was arrested at about 1:40 a.m. and charged with driving under the influence , excessive speed and crossing double lane lines within the Fort McHenry Tunnel on I-95 in Baltimore , the authority said in a statement . He was later released . Phelps , who returned to competitive swimming in April , said on his official Twitter account that he understands the severity of his actions . "  I know these words may not mean much right now but I am deeply sorry to everyone I have let down , " Phelps , 29 , said in a series of three tweets . USA Swimming issued a written statement Tuesday afternoon . "  The news regarding Michael Phelps and his actions are disappointing and unquestionably serious . We expect our athletes to conduct themselves responsibly in and out of the pool , " the statement said . A Maryland Transportation Authority police officer was operating a stationary radar on southbound I-395 leaving Baltimore when a white 2014 Land Rover passed traveling at 84 mph in a 45-mph zone . The officer followed the vehicle onto northbound I-95 , through the tunnel and stopped the Land Rover just beyond the tunnel 's toll plaza . The 22-time Olympic medalist was identified as the driver by his driver 's license and appeared to be under the influence , the statement said . "  He was unable to perform satisfactorily a series of standard field sobriety tests , " the statement added . "  Mr. Phelps was cooperative throughout the process . " Previous run-ins with the law It was not Phelps ' first DUI case . In 2004 , he was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . In 2009 , a photograph surfaced of Phelps allegedly smoking pot from a bong at a party . "  I 'll make a million mistakes in my life but as long as I never make the same mistake again , then I 've been able to learn and grow , " Phelps told CNN in 2012 . He also said that the incident made him realize who his real friends were . After the bong incident , Phelps was suspended from competitive swimming for three months and one of his sponsors said it would not renew his contract USA Swimming , the nation 's governing body for competitive swimming , said it was withdrawing financial support for Phelps and barring him from competition during the period of his "  reprimand . " Kellogg Co. said it would not renew his advertising contract . "  Michael 's most recent behavior is not consistent with the image of Kellogg , " company spokeswoman Susanne Norwitz said at the time . At the time , Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " after a British newspaper published the photograph . The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina in Columbia . Back in the water In April , back in the pool for the first time since 2012 , Phelps was close to his peerless best and raced to a second-place finish in the 100-meter butterfly final in front of a sold-out crowd at the Skyline Aquatic Center in Arizona . Phelps retired after the 2012 Olympics and embarked on a year of travel and golfing , with little mention of a return to swimming . But he sparked speculation about a potential comeback by re-entering the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's testing program last November -- which began a nine-month wait required before a swimmer can again compete . When the question of a return to Olympic action arose -- with a potential fifth games in Brazil in 2016 -- Phelps would only say he is taking "  one step at a time . " In August , he won five medals at his first international meet -- the Pan Pacific Championships -- since the Olympics . Phelps won the 100-meter butterfly and was on Team USA 's winning 800-meter and 400-meter medley relay teams . He took silver in the 200 individual medley and 400-meter freestyle relay . He was selected as the United States Olympic Committee 's male athlete of the month . Amanda Bynes arrested on DUI charge	Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps apologizes to people he "  let down " 22-time Olympic medalist is arrested on a DUI charge A Land Rover he was driving in Baltimore was stopped for speeding Phelps , 29 , returned to swimming in April , about two years ahead of next Olympics
Indian police are on the lookout for three Iranians they suspect of involvement in last month 's bombing of an Israeli Embassy car in New Delhi , a senior investigator said Thursday . The investigator , who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity , identified the suspects as Houshan Afshar , Syed Ali Mehdi Sadr and Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi . The Iranian Embassy spokesman , Hassan Rahimi Majd , did not respond to CNN 's calls for a comment . Syed Mohammad Kazmi , an Indian freelance journalist working for an Iranian news outlet , was arrested last week in connection with the February 13 attack , which left several people wounded . In a separate incident on February 13 , another device was found on an Israeli Embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia , and safely detonated . A day later , a series of bombs disguised as radios detonated in Bangkok , Thailand . The Bangkok blasts did not kill anyone , and their intended targets were not clear , although authorities have said they were intended for Israeli diplomats . The devices used explosive materials that are not available in Thailand and were likely smuggled in , police said . The first bomb went off in a rental house in Bangkok believed to have been leased to foreigners , according to Thai authorities . After the blast , two of the men left the scene , while a third detonated two more bombs -- one when a taxi driver refused to give him a ride and another when he tried to throw a bomb at police officers as they closed in on him . The last bomb exploded near the man , blowing off his legs below the knee , authorities said . Thai police released a photo of a radio set packed with explosives . The devices included C-4 class plastic explosives , steel balls to increase destructive power , and round magnets . Police said the bombs had a five-second delay to allow the bomber to escape . The Thai National Security Council has drawn a tentative link between the bombs in Bangkok and those in India and Georgia , saying the materials used in the devices were similar . Kazmi , the freelance journalist , was held on charges of plotting the New Delhi attack . Authorities did not say for which Iranian media organization he works . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has blamed Tehran for the attacks . But Iran has denied the accusation , saying that "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . " Three other Iranians are in custody . Allegations that Iran was involved in the attacks "  are fabricated and false and are prepared by the U.S. and the Zionist regimes , " the official Iranian Islamic Republic News Agency , quoting a spokesman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry , said last month .	Indian police are looking for three Iranian suspects in last month 's bombing in New Delhi Incidents occurred in Tbilisi , Georgia , and Bangkok , Thailand Tehran denies any involvement in the attacks
The actions of the captain and crew of the sunken ferry Sewol "  are akin to murder , " South Korean President Park Geun-hye said Monday . Her comments come after a radio transcript released a day earlier suggested that passengers aboard the doomed South Korean ferry could n't reach lifeboats to escape because the ship tilted so quickly that it left many of them unable to move . "  Please notify the coast guard . Our ship is in danger . The ship is rolling right now , " a crew member on the ship first tells authorities in a dramatic conversation that took place while the Sewol ferry was sinking last week . An unidentified crew member on the Sewol talked to two different Vessel Traffic Service centers as the ship sank Wednesday morning , the transcript revealed . Someone on the ship contacted the traffic service in Jeju -- the ferry 's destination -- at 8:55 a.m. and communicated with it before the conversation switched to Jindo VTS , which was closer , about 11 minutes later . "  The ship rolled over a lot right now . Can not move . Please come quickly , " the crew member says a minute after initial contact . At one point Jeju advises the crew to get people into life vests . "  It is hard for people to move , " Sewol replies . After the conversation switches to the traffic service in Jindo , the Sewol crew member says several times that the ship is leaning too much for passengers to move . Sewol : "  Our ship is listing and may capsize . " Jindo VTS : "  How are the passengers doing ? ... " Sewol : "  It 's too listed that they are not able to move . " A short time later , another exchange takes place : Jindo VTS : "  Are the passengers able to escape ? " Sewol : "  The ship listed too much , so it is impossible . " The transcript may help answer one of the major questions about the capsizing : Why did n't more passengers escape on lifeboats ? Many missing , scores killed At least 64 people have died in the sinking , and 238 are missing , the South Korean coast guard said Monday . Search crews brought more than a dozen bodies to shore Sunday morning , a solemn process pierced by screams and cries from the passengers ' families . The wrenching scene came after four police boats arrived in rapid succession . The first carried four bodies . The second boat had three more . The third and fourth also carried three bodies each . Each body was taken onto a stretcher on the dock in Jindo , draped in cloth . After an inspection , they were carried along a path guarded by police -- who were also shedding tears -- and past grieving family members . Some relatives refused to accept the outcome . "  Wake up ! Wake up , please ! " one man screamed . With hundreds of people still missing , the heartbreaking scene will likely play out over and over again . Although 174 people were rescued shortly after the vessel sank Wednesday , no survivors have been found since . Nonetheless , more than 100 divers continued plunging into the frigid Yellow Sea Sunday . And 35 aircraft and 214 ships aided in the search , Joint Task Force spokesman Park Seung-gi told reporters . At around noon on Monday  11 p.m. ET Sunday  , divers will try to enter the ship 's cafeteria , where authorities believe most students were when the ship started to sink , he said . One diver described his experience to CNN affiliate JTBC . Teams have been focusing on the third and fourth floors of the ship , where investigators believe many of the missing might be . "  It 's hard to say exactly where you are once you enter the ferry , since it is completely dark and you basically have to feel your way around based only on the blueprint of the ferry , " diving team leader Hwang Dae Sik said . "  So it is hard to say definitively in what compartment you are searching and what your are discovering . " As they wait , relatives of the missing have been asked to submit DNA samples . Park on Sunday declared the cities of Ansan and Jindo as special disaster zones eligible for national disaster assistance programs , in order to facilitate central government help , a spokesman for the Joint Task Force Headquarters said in a news release . Ship 's captain defends evacuation According to the transcript , Jindo Vessel Traffic Service urged the captain to take charge . Jindo VTS : "  The captain should make  the  decision to make people escape . We do not know the situation so captain make final decision on passengers ' escape . " The captain has defended his order to delay the evacuation of the ferry . "  It is a fairly fast current area , and the water temperature was cold , " Capt. Lee Joon Seok said , according to CNN affiliate YTN . "  I thought that abandoning the ship without discretion would make you drift off a fairly far distance and cause a lot of trouble . At the same time , the rescue ship did not come , and there were no fishing boats or supporting ships around to help at that time . " The captain has been charged with abandoning his boat , negligence , causing bodily injury , not seeking rescue from other ships and violating "  seamen 's law , " state media reported . Prosecutor Lee Bong-chang gave more details about the accusations against the captain . "  Mr. Lee is charged with causing the Sewol ship to sink by failing to slow down while sailing the narrow route and making  a  turn excessively , " the prosecutor told the semiofficial Yonhap news agency . "  Lee is also charged with failing to do the right thing to guide the passengers to escape and thereby leading to their death or injury . " If convicted , the captain faces from five years to life in prison . The captain was n't at the helm of the Sewol when it started to sink , the prosecutor said . A third mate was at the helm . So where was the captain ? The captain was not in the steering room when the accident took place , according to police and his own account . He said he plotted the ship 's course , and then went to his cabin briefly "  to tend to something . " It was then , the captain said , that the accident happened . A crew member , described as the third mate and identified only as Park , appeared in handcuffs with Lee . The third mate said she did not make a sharp turn , but "  the steering turned much more than usual . " Park is facing charges including negligence and causing injuries leading to deaths , said Yang Joong-jin , a maritime police spokesman . A technician with the surname Cho is also facing the same charges , he said . The captain was one those rescued soon after the Sewol began to sink , violating an "  internationally recognized rule that a captain must stay on the vessel , " maritime law attorney Jack Hickey said . "  Pretty much every law , rule , regulation and standard throughout the world says that yes , the captain must stay with the ship until all personnel are safely off of the ship , certainly passengers . " Families protest over rescue operation Murky waters cloud the horror facing ferry rescue divers	South Korean President says captain and crew 's actions are "  akin to murder " At least 64 bodies have been found , the coast guard says 238 people are still missing ; 174 have been rescued Official : Divers will try to reach the ship 's cafeteria on Monday
CNN  -- U.S. Sen. Michael Crapo , R-Idaho , was arrested early Sunday morning in Alexandria , Virginia , and charged with driving under the influence , according to the town 's police department . Jody Donaldson , an Alexandria police spokesman , said Crapo was arrested by an officer at 12:45 a.m. ET after the officer noticed Crapo 's vehicle running a red light . "  Sen. Crapo was identified as the driver and arrested after failing several field sobriety tests , " Donaldson said in a statement . "  He was taken into custody without incident and transported to the Alexandria Adult Detention Center where he was released on a $ 1,000 unsecured bond . " Crapo released a statement through his office Sunday , saying : "  I am deeply sorry for the actions that resulted in this circumstance . I made a mistake for which I apologize to my family , my Idaho constituents and any others who have put their trust in me . "  I accept total responsibility and will deal with whatever penalty comes my way in this matter . I will also undertake measures to ensure that this circumstance is never repeated . " A court date was set for January 4 , according to Donaldson , who added that Crapo 's blood alcohol level was .110 at the time of his arrest . The legal blood alcohol level for drivers in Virginia is .08 . Donaldson also said Crapo was alone in the car at the time . Crapo has represented Idaho in the Senate since 1999 . Before that he served in the U.S. House of Representatives for six years . He was re-elected in 2010 with 71 % of the vote . He 's a member of the Senate 's "  Gang of 8 . " According to his official biography on congress.gov , Crapo is also a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which prohibits the use of alcohol among its members .	NEW : Idaho Sen. Michael Crapo 's blood alcohol level was .110 at the time of his arrest , police say Crapo is accused of driving under the influence in Virginia Crapo : "  I am deeply sorry for the actions that resulted in this circumstance " Crapo has represented Idaho in the Senate since 1999 and was in the House for six years
Mashable  -- Amazon has just entered the streaming music business with the launch of Cloud Player , a music player that lets anyone upload their music to Amazon 's servers and play them via the web or Android . The new Cloud Player service adds a new "  Save to Amazon Cloud Drive " button for saving MP3s to the cloud , as well as an option to upload music from a hard drive to a user 's Cloud Drive . Users are given 5 GB of free storage , but can get 20 GB if they purchase an album through Amazon . It 's $ 1 per GB after that . Cloud Player comes in two flavors , an app for the web and an Android app counterpart . Both players allow users to upload their music , create playlists and organize their music . And because it 's a cloud-based platform , users can access their music and settings from any compatible computer or Android device . The most comparable service to Cloud Drive is probably Grooveshark , which also lets you upload your music , though Amazon has several major advantages in its MP3 store , its longstanding payment system and its stronger brand recognition . Google and Apple have been rumored to be hard at work on their own cloud-based players , but it looks like Amazon beat them to the punch . Amazon 's Cloud Player will certainly face a stiff challenge when they launch their own streaming music services , especially given Google 's control over Android and Apple 's control over iPhone and iTunes . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The service adds a new "  Save to Amazon Cloud Drive " button for saving MP3s to the cloud Users are given 5 GB of free storage , but can get 20 GB if they purchase an album Google and Apple have been rumored to be hard at work on their own cloud-based players
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- In a very clever television advertisement , Delaware Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell looks directly at the camera and says to voters : "  I 'm not a witch . ... I 'm you . " In another ad , O'Donnell says that unlike her Democratic opponent Chris Coons , "  I did n't go to Yale . I did n't inherit millions like my opponent . I 'm you . " This statement , in a nutshell , is the message of the Tea Party movement . O'Donnell promises that she will not follow the practices of Washington incumbents who believe that trading favors and making backroom deals are legitimate ways to stay in office . O'Donnell is not alone in advancing this message . In West Virginia , Democratic Gov. Joe Manchin is facing an unexpectedly difficult race against Republican John Raese to fill the seat of the late Sen. Robert Byrd . According to Politico , the casting call for an advertisement that was recently broadcast by the National Republican Senatorial Committee in West Virginia stated that they were searching for the " ` Hicky ' Blue Collar look . ... These characters are from West Virginia so think coal miners/trucker looks . " Many conservative candidates this year have been tapping into the tradition of conservative populism , a tradition that has animated right-wing politics since the 1970s . In their effort to challenge the legacy of the New Deal and the Great Society programs and to overcome the image of country club conservatism , many in the GOP have argued their party best represents average Americans . They have focused on social and cultural issues and anti-establishment rhetoric to claim this mantle . In 2008 , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a potential presidential candidate in 2012 , talked about "  Sam 's Club Republicans . " The problem they have to overcome is there is a major disconnect between their message and the record of the Republican Party in which they are running . When Ronald Reagan became president in 1981 , he advanced the agenda of supply side economics and economic deregulation . His policies have defined the Republicans ever since . According to Reagan , economic policies that benefited the wealthiest Americans would have a trickle-down effect that eventually helped lower-income brackets . Regressive tax cuts that benefit wealthier Americans but generate deficits were also fine since , in the long run , more revenue would flow into the Treasury from rising wages . The voices of conservatives who were skeptical of the theory of supply-side economics rapidly faded away . That includes George H.W. Bush , who in 1980 called Reagan 's proposals "  voodoo economics . " In his book "  Unequal Democracy , " political scientist Larry Bartels has documented the effect of these policies . During the conservative era of American politics , the so-called Age of Reagan , the distribution of income and wages has become more unequal in the United States than in comparable countries . "  Under Democratic presidents , " Bartels writes , "  poor families did slightly better than richer families  at least in proportional terms  , producing a modest net decrease in income inequality ; under Republican presidents , rich families did vastly better than poorer families , producing a considerable net increase in income inequality . " See more CNN.com opinion articles While there are a number of factors behind these changes , public policy mattered very much . According to Bartels ' persuasive account , rising inequality was not just a result of natural market forces such as globalization , but also a product of partisan choices about the direction of economic and fiscal policy . Americans , he shows , in all income brackets have enjoyed more economic success when Democrats inhabit the White House . Meanwhile , the economic policies of Republican presidents , such as regressive tax cuts , have disproportionately benefited the wealthy . In another book , political scientists Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson have reached a similar conclusion . They have shown how the mobilization of business in Washington during the 1970s profoundly effected inequality . Allying with the Republican Party , the business community pushed for the deregulation of numerous industries , tax cuts for the upper-income classes and policies that weakened organized labor . The result , according to Hacker and Pierson , were policies that left working - and middle-class Americans at the mercy of powerful market forces . Playing defense , many Democrats , including President Clinton , followed this agenda as well . Although President Obama has continued part of the centrist approach of Clinton on many economic issues , he has also pursued economic policies that have focused on working - and middle-class Americans . His economic stimulus program revolved around government spending for projects that would bring jobs to the unemployed and prevent other jobs from disappearing . His health care reform will expand coverage to more than 30 million Americans who have been left outside the market . He has pushed for an extension of the Bush tax cuts to all but the highest-income Americans . To be sure , he has been far from successful . The high unemployment rate is evidence that the success of Obama 's policies have been limited , and the administration made compromises that avoided more stringent constraints on powerful interests . Given the history , O'Donnell 's ad , as good as it is as a piece of political theater , has its problems . Her website suggests that O'Donnell , like most Tea Party candidates , will not depart that greatly from the GOP 's economic policies of tax reductions , deregulation and the curtailment of government spending . It might very well be that O'Donnell is one of us , but her party 's economic policies have tended to benefit a very narrow and well-off portion of the population . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Christine O'Donnell 's campaign , ads stress populist theme of "  I 'm You " Julian Zelizer : Republican policies have helped wealthy and increased inequality He says the GOP has supported supply-side economics , deregulation since Reagan Under Democrats , Americans of all income have done better , Zelizer says
CNN  -- The United States leads the world in the rate of incarcerating its own citizens . We imprison more of our own people than any other country on earth , including China which has four times our population , or in human history . And now , a new Pew report announces that we are keeping even nonviolent inmates behind bars for increasingly longer terms . This comes at a time when soaring costs of prisons are wreaking havoc on federal , state and local budgets , as schools , libraries , parks and social programs are slashed . When I graduated from the University of California at Los Angeles in 1983 , my state spent more on higher education than prisons , a lot more . That equation is now reversed . Money that could have gone into reducing skyrocketing tuition and cuts to education has instead gone to prisons and inmates . Over the past 23 years , California constructed roughly one new prison per year , at a cost of $ 100 million each , while it built only one new public college during the same period . Nationwide , spending on prisons has risen six times faster than spending on higher education . As I protest education cuts , I 'm so often told , "  We just do n't have the money . " It 's a lie . We do have the money . We just choose to spend it on prisons . Why is this not a front and center issue in the presidential campaign ? Largely casualties of our misguided "  war on drugs , " and vigorously promoted at the federal level by the "  drug czar " and a $ 15 billion annual budget , the number of incarcerated Americans has quadrupled since 1980 . More than two million of our people are now locked up , with another nearly five million under an increasingly restrictive system of correctional control in lieu of or after incarceration . Criminalizing human behavior like never before , our judges are required by law to mete out increasingly punitive , long sentences , even for children . Even after inmates are released , they remain under the heavy-handed and pricey control of the criminal justice system for years or for life , often legally barred from voting , receiving public housing , food stamps or student loans . Forced to "  check the box " on job applications that they are convicted criminals , even those who have had simple convictions like marijuana possession are often legally discriminated against by employers . An unemployed young man recently wrote to me about being shut out of his dream job , nursing , because of a decade-old marijuana offense . In fact , no one at all will hire him . As he languishes on a friend 's couch , he is hopeless , depressed and suicidal . In the United States , one man out of eighteen is incarcerated or on probation or parole , and more are locked up every day . We are the last developed country on the planet to lock up juveniles , overwhelmingly boys , for life-without-parole sentences for crimes committed when they were minors .  Though the Supreme Court banned mandatory life-without-parole sentences for minors in June , judges may still impose the sentence as a discretionary matter . Here 's one stark way to understand our new normal of mass incarceration : If we wanted to return to 1970s level of incarceration , we 'd have to release four out of five people behind bars today . Nonviolent offenders are 60 % of our prison population . Releasing half of them would free up nearly $ 17 billion per year for schools or other worthy programs , with no appreciable effect on the crime rate . In fact , many studies conclude that mass incarceration is crimogenic , i.e. , locking up people for minor offenses increases crime because they become hardened behind bars . Since few prisons offer therapy or vocational programs and children left behind in fatherless homes are more likely to grow up to become offenders themselves , the problem just gets worse . But we can not keep going down the road of locking up more people for longer amounts of time . According to Pew , prisoners released in 2009 served an average of nine additional months in custody , or 36 % longer , than offenders released in 1990 . Annually we now spend $ 68 billion and growing on local , state and federal corrections . The American public strongly supports reducing time served for nonviolent offenders . But candidates appear afraid to touch this touchy third rail issue , for fear they appear less than "  tough on crime . " Why does the right not consider our multibillion-dollar prison system to be the type of bloated government program ripe for cost-cutting ? Why is the left so rarely concerned about the warehoused young lives and the destruction of inner city families from our culture of mass incarceration ? Why do both sides accept the framing of this question , so often parroted : In these tough economic times , should we cut more social services or raise taxes ? It 's a false dichotomy . The third alternative is to stop warehousing our own people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom .	The number of incarcerated Americans has quadrupled since 1980 Lisa Bloom : We need to stop warehousing our own people , especially nonviolent offenders She says spending on prisons has risen six times faster than spending on higher education Bloom : Why is n't this front and center issue in the presidential campaign ?
CNN  -- Australia drew 1-1 with World Cup opponents Ghana despite playing with 10 men for over an hour of Saturday 's Group D clash in Rustenburg . The result put Ghana in pole position to qualify for the second round in South Africa , with four points from two games . Serbia 's shock win over Germany on Friday left both sides on three points , while Australia prop up the table with just one . Australia 's key player Harry Kewell , returning from long-term injury , was shown a straight red card by Italian referee Roberto Rosetti in the 24th minute after being adjudged to have deliberately blocked a goalbound shot from Ghana 's Jonathan Mensah with his arm . Brett Holman had given Australia -- who had Tim Cahill sent off in their opening defeat by Germany -- the lead in the 11th minute , capitalizing on a mistake by Ghana goalkeeper Richard Kingson . Kingson failed to gather a ball from Mark Bresciano 's 30-yard free-kick , and Holman pounced on the rebound and fired home from close range . Going a goal down galvanized the Ghanaians , who embarked upon a series of promising attacks . The Black Stars ' pressure eventually told when they were awarded a penalty in for Kewell 's misdemeanor . When the distraught Galatasaray midfielder eventually left the pitch , Asamoah Gyan -- who scored the winning penalty in Ghana 's first World Cup match against Serbia -- made no mistake from the spot . Ghana were denied a halftime lead when Kevin Prince Boateng 's surging run into the penalty area ended with a low shot , but Socceroos keeper Mark Schwarzer dived low to his right to pull off a fine save . Ghana continued to press forward in the second half but failed to make their man advantage tell . And as second half wore on their shooting became increasingly speculative and wild , although substitute Quincy Owusu Abeyie forced a save from Schwarzer in injury-time . Luke Wilkshire should have put Australia ahead again in the 72nd minute when he was clean through on goal , but the midfielder shot straight at Kingson , who parried the ball away . Substitute striker Joshua Kennedy was on hand for the rebound , but could only scuff his effort into the ground , allowing Kingson time to gather the ball . After the match , Australia 's coach Pim Verbeek conceded that his team 's chances of reaching the next round of the competition were slim , but he refused to give up hope . "  The next game we have to win at least 3-0 . We are still in the race , but it will be quite difficult , " he told the BBC . "  But I 'm really proud of the players , I think playing with 10 players for such a long time was not easy . "	Australia and Ghana draw 1-1 in Group D match in Rustenburg Brett Holman gives Australia early lead before Gyan equalizes from penalty spot Australia 's Harry Kewell sent off in first half for handling ball on goal line Draw puts Ghana on top of group , one point ahead of Germany and Serbia
CNN  -- Remember in the late '90s when you would kill time in AOL and IRC chatrooms or post on Usenet ? You 'd strike up conversations with strangers about subjects you were all interested in , say "  The X-Files , " container gardening or The Fugees . Facebook wants to bring some of that community back with a fun new iOS app called Rooms . The free app , released on Thursday , lets you create or join chatrooms based on shared interests . Start a "  room " for "  Law & Order " fan fiction writers , toss up a background photo of Olivia Benson and customize your name or like button with gun or knife emojis . People who join the room can post photos , text and videos . You can share the invite widely or keep the guest list short , though the posts are public . The social media giant is 10 years old . That 's solidly middle-age in Internet years , as evidenced by the number of parents and grandparents who have successfully colonized Facebook . To avoid obsolescence , the company has been quick to jump on any new messaging trends that are hip with the kids . It bought Instagram and WhatsApp . It made a Snapchat clone called Poke in 2012 , and another called Slingshot earlier this year . Recently , anonymity has been a hot topic embraced by standalone apps such as Whisper and Secret , and cherished by people whose online personas are entirely pseudonymous . Facebook saw first-hand how much people value being able to communicate under their chosen identities . The company started cracking down on members who were n't adhering to its "  real-name " policy and incurred the wrath of activists and drag queens . Rooms takes the opposite stance . It does n't require people to use their real names , and encourages chatters to use as many "  nicknames " as they like for different rooms . In the blog post announcing the app , Facebook 's Josh Miller trumpets the key feature . "  In Rooms , you can be ` Wonder Woman ' -- or whatever name makes you feel most comfortable and proud . You can even create different identities for different contexts . "	Facebook 's latest app Rooms lets people chat about shared interests People make up names and switch them up between chatrooms The app is only available for iOS users and launches Thursday
CNN  -- Walk into Lisa Nasser 's kitchen most evenings and you 're greeted by rich aromas that indicate an exceptional cook is at work on a delicious creation . Colleen Doyle , editor of the "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment " cookbook , prepares tuna-bean salad . Cooking is Nasser 's passion , but she left the kitchen and the cooking to others for six months in 2006 when she , like her mother before her , learned she had breast cancer . Numerous rounds of chemotherapy left her spent . "  I did n't have the energy to go shopping , bring in the food , prepare the food . I needed to rest , to sleep , " she recalls . Nasser 's experience is n't unique . According to the American Cancer Society , more than a million Americans will undergo cancer treatment this year . For cancer patients , nutrition is especially important , but many find that they are too tired to cook , or the food tastes bad , or they are too nauseated to eat , or they have painful mouth sores -- or all of the above . To coincide with National Breast Cancer Awareness month in October , the American Cancer Society has released a cookbook called "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment . " Colleen Doyle , registered dietitian and editor of the cookbook , says the book is full of recipes and eating strategies that patients with all types of cancer can adopt to help deal with the unpleasant side effects of treatment . Chemotherapy , radiation and drug therapies often leave patients with nausea , diarrhea , constipation , mouth sores , taste alterations and unintentional weight loss . "  One of the things we did was organize recipes by the symptoms that they might be experiencing , " Doyle says . "  A lot of cancer patients going through chemo -- no surprise -- feel nauseous around those times when they are getting chemo . And so we talk to them about eating foods that are kind of bland ; think about avoiding really spicy foods , any kind of Mexican foods , things with lots of flavors , things with lots of herbs and spices . " See recipe samples from the cookbook " That certainly was the case with Nasser . "  I wanted pasta or rice dishes , anything that was bland , " she says . Doyle says it 's also helpful to eat small frequent meals when battling nausea and to recognize that for some , the odor of cooking foods can be unsettling for the stomach . "  If you have somebody who cooks meals for you , it might be helpful for you to be in a totally different part of the house when they 're cooking if you 're going through a period where the smell of food really bothers you , " says Doyle . Nasser was fortunate enough to have friends and neighbors deliver meals to her house . Once her nausea started to subside she was able to be more adventurous in what she ate . "  I remember calling a friend saying I wanted grape leaves . I remember wanting that tart lemony flavor and only hers were going to do it , " she recalls . Watch Doyle cook in the kitchen " It turns out that tart , strong flavors help with another nagging symptom of cancer therapy : altered taste perception . Like Nasser , some patients experience a metallic taste that will not go away . For others , food might seem tasteless , as if the taste buds have stopped working . For those problems , the cookbook offers recipes like tuna-bean salad that help wake up the taste buds and mask the metallic taste . "  This dish is full of lots of different flavors : strong flavors in the red peppers , the onion , the celery and the tuna itself . ... It also has a real tangy vinaigrette that can help kind of -LSB- push -RSB- that flavor quotient up a bit , " says Doyle . Doyle also suggests marinating meats in Italian salad dressings , or mustard or barbecue sauce , and trying strongly flavored foods such as cranberries , sauerkraut or pickled vegetables . Cooking with glass pans instead of metallic cookware and using plastic utensils instead of silverware might also make a difference . Patients undergoing cancer treatment can also suffer bouts of constipation or diarrhea . One of the best strategies to ease constipation -- a common side effect of chemotherapy , anti-nausea and pain medications -- is to eat foods high in fiber , such as vegetables , fruits  including dried fruit like prunes , raisins or apricots  , beans and nuts . What if diarrhea is a problem ? "  There 's a real concern about becoming dehydrated . So be sure you 're drinking plenty of fluids and that those fluids do n't have caffeine , " says Doyle . Broths , diluted juices , sports drinks -- even Popsicles or gelatin -- can help get some liquid into the system . Foods such as applesauce , rice and bananas can help slow down the digestive tract , as can oatmeal and canned peaches or pears . Avoid greasy , fried or very sugary foods because they can be irritants . Thanksgiving marks four years since Nasser 's days of chemotherapy drips and intravenous needles . Her health today is excellent and neighbors are once again making excuses to stop by during dinnertime in order to bask in the inviting aromas and sample the rich sauces bubbling up from deep pots on her stove top . Nasser , who did n't have the benefit of the cookbook when she was sick , hopes to use her copy only as inspiration and not as a tool for providing relief from the side effects of cancer treatment . "  Hopefully I wo n't need it for that . And if I do , I 'll now know what to do , " she says .	For cancer patients , nutrition is important , but many have a hard time eating American Cancer Society has new cookbook : "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment " Cookbook contains recipes to help with treatment side effects Recipes aim to combat metallic taste , nausea , constipation , diarrhea , mouth sores
EW.com  -- For the first time ever , pioneering MTV reality series "  The Real World " is changing its format . After 21 years and 28 seasons , "  The Real World " is shaking things up with a twist and name change for its upcoming edition , which has the show returning to San Francisco . Arguably TV 's second longest-running reality show  the first would be "  COPS , " which launched in 1989  , "  The Real World " will be re-titled "  Real World : Ex-Plosion " when it airs next year . The season begins like any other : Seven young , attractive and single diverse castmates from around the country move into a house . They 'll start to form bonds , with each other and with San Francisco locals . Then , one month into the three-month shoot , they 'll go away for a day trip . When they return , they 're in for a huge shock : Their exes have moved in too . Discovery 's new survival series : ` Dude , You 're Screwed ! ' Jonathan Murray , who co-created the series with Mary Ellis-Bunim , notes the show 's diverse-mix-of-strangers-in-a-house format is n't quite as earth-shattering of a format these days . Many reality shows -- from Fox 's "  Hell 's Kitchen " to CBS ' "  Big Brother " -- use bunking together as merely one component of the show 's drama . "  When ` The Real World ' went on the air in ' 92 , you put seven diverse people together and you get conflict , and out of that conflict would come change , and then you have a story , " Murray says . "  Now that it 's 21 years or so later , maybe we 're a bit of a victim of our own success . Diversity is a fact of life today . A lot of young people date people of different races , or have friends who are gay . The world has changed . We 've had conversations -LSB- with the network -RSB- throughout 28 seasons of the show , but we 've never made this big of a commitment to change . " There was also the issue of the show 's ratings . "  The Real World " has proved incredibly durable considering how much the reality genre has evolved , and how many reality shows have come and gone on MTV -- the network has always prided itself on trying to find the next bright and trend-setting idea . Yet MTV has gone from ordering two "  Real Worlds " a year down to one as the show 's numbers have fallen -- the most recent season averaged 1.5 million viewers . MTV and Murray hope the new format will make the show appointment viewing once again . The Exes twist has been done in reality TV before  Big Brother 's "  X Factor " twist in 2003  , but Murray suggests the idea came about in a more organic way . "  When we cast people we usually always try to cast single people , " he said . "  And they 'd say they were single during the casting process . Then the moment they arrived at the house suddenly their ex was back in their life . I do n't know if it 's a safety blanket or that we 're never really done with our exes . When you talk about the age of our cast , their ex is often their first love -- they play a huge role in their life . " Lifetime to launch new Tim Gunn fashion series When casting season 29 , producers sought singles who had particularly interesting relationships with their exes -- there 's the person who 's really close friends with the ex , the one that 's always getting texts from his ex , etc. . After filming began , producers had to scramble to convince the exes to drop everything and join the cast too -- five of the seven agreed . "  Four weeks into the show , after some -LSB- housemates -RSB- started to develop new relationships , the exes come in -- thus , Ex-Plosion , " Murray said . "  Then it got really complicated and really interesting . I 'm still shocked we were able to pull it off . " "  We wanted to give our audience a fresh take on the series , " added Susanne Daniels , president of programming , MTV . "  We are excited about this season 's twists and unexpected turns . " Now that the format has changed , a move that acknowledges the show 's own need to evolve , one must wonder : Can "  The Real World " ever go back ? Murray says the brainstorming sessions that led to "  Ex-Plosion " inspired many other potential twists as well . "  We always approach it one season at a time . We will get this show on the air , see how people react and then decide . We had probably 10 good ideas for the season . This was one . Maybe there will be another good idea for season 30 . " Fox orders comedy pilot from ` Big Bang Theory ' star Johnny Galecki In another twist , the housemates were given smartphones for the first time , for posting messages and photos throughout their experience in the house . During filming , the messages and photos were only viewable on a closed system viewable by the housemates , their friends and family  and their exes , of course  . The banked content will be gradually rolled out publicly once the show starts airing sometime next year . And what about the hot tub ? Does "  The Real World " still have a hot tub in the house for the new season or has that changed too ? Murray pauses at the question . "  Of course there 's a hot tub . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Real World " is changing its format for the first time The new season will be re-titled "  Real World : Ex-plosion " It 'll feature seven roommates and their exes The season will return to San Francisco , and is set to air next year
Mashable  -- This is what the world looks like , according to the Facebook social graph . Facebook intern Paul Butler was interested in the locations of friendships , so he decided to create a visualization of Facebook connections around the globe . How local are our friends ? Where are the highest concentration of friendships ? How do political and geological boundaries affect them ? Butler started by using a sample of 10 million friend pairs , correlated them with their current cities and then mapped that data using the longitude and latitude of each city . That was the easy part . Creating the right effect to show connecting relationships between thousands of cities proved to be a challenge . Butler wrote a fascinating Facebook note explaining some of the challenges he faced creating his visualization : "  I began exploring it in R , an open-source statistics environment . As a sanity check , I plotted points at some of the latitude and longitude coordinates . To my relief , what I saw was roughly an outline of the world . Next I erased the dots and plotted lines between the points . After a few minutes of rendering , a big white blob appeared in the center of the map . Some of the outer edges of the blob vaguely resembled the continents , but it was clear that I had too much data to get interesting results just by drawing lines . I thought that making the lines semi-transparent would do the trick , but I quickly realized that my graphing environment could n't handle enough shades of color for it to work the way I wanted . Instead I found a way to simulate the effect I wanted . I defined weights for each pair of cities as a function of the Euclidean distance between them and the number of friends between them . Then I plotted lines between the pairs by weight , so that pairs of cities with the most friendships between them were drawn on top of the others . I used a color ramp from black to blue to white , with each line 's color depending on its weight . I also transformed some of the lines to wrap around the image , rather than spanning more than halfway around the world . " With a few more tweaks , he eventually came up with the amazing visualization you see here . At first glance , it provides some expected data -- the U.S. has the highest concentration of Facebook friendships , and Africa has the lowest concentration . While most of Russia and Antarctica are nowhere to be found , the rest of the world is easily identifiable . What do you think of the visualization ? Does anything about it surprise you ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A Facebook intern created a visualization of Facebook connections around the globe Using a sample of 10 million friend pairs , he correlated them with their current cities The U.S. has the highest concentration of Facebook friendships while Africa has the lowest
CNN  -- A British couple kidnapped by Somalian pirates in the Indian Ocean have issued another desperate plea , saying they are being badly treated and need urgent help . Paul and Rachel Chandler , from Kent in southern England , were taken by pirates from their yacht , the Lynn Rival , on October 23 , just days after setting sail from the Seychelles islands for Tanzania . The couple was brought ashore and are being held in separate locations in central Somalia . Their captors initially demanded a ransom of $ 7 million , but the British government -- in line with longstanding policy -- has refused to pay . In a video filmed on Thursday in Somalia by the French news agency AFP , Rachel Chandler begged the British government to help secure the couple 's release . "  Please help us , these people are not treating us well , " she said . "  I 'm old , I 'm 56 and my husband is 60 years old . We need to be together because we have not much time left . " A doctor was shown examining Paul Chandler , 60 , who appeared to be in a better state than his wife . The medic found Rachel Chandler in poor mental health , calling out for her husband , AFP reported . "  She is sick , she is very anxious , she suffers from insomnia , " Dr. Mohamed Helmi Hangul told the agency . "  She 's very confused , she 's always asking about her husband -- ` Where 's my husband , where 's my husband ? ' -- and she seems completely disorientated . " Paul Chandler said his conditions were poor and also pleaded for help . "  Please help us , we have nobody to help us , we have no children ... We have been in captivity for 98 days and we are not in good condition , " he said , also on Thursday . Hangul said Paul Chandler "  had a bad cough and seemed to have some fever . " A spokesman for the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office told CNN on Sunday : "  We are monitoring the situation very closely and doing everything we can to help secure a release . "  We remain in regular contact with the family and are providing support . We call for the safe and swift release of Paul and Rachel . " Pirates have been very active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia . Earlier this month , pirates attempted to hijack an Indian crude oil vessel 105 nautical miles from Somalia , the EU 's anti-piracy naval force said . The pirates opened fire on the ship and were later arrested . Piracy on the high-seas reached a six-year high in 2009 , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	British couple kidnapped by Somalian pirates issue another plea for help Paul and Rachel Chandler say they are being poorly treated and need urgent help Chandlers were taken from their yacht by pirates in October Pirates have demanded ransom of $ 7 million
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Four boys were killed Saturday when hurricane-force winds caused a roof to collapse at a sports center outside Barcelona , Spain , authorities said . A police officer inspects the site of the roof collapse Saturday near Barcelona , Spain . Nine people , including two adults , were injured . At least six others in Spain and four in France have died in storms that have socked the region , authorities and Spanish media reported . The sports complex collapsed shortly after 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  in Sant Boi de Llobregat , a suburb just west of the city , near the Prat airport . The boys who died , who were 9 to 12 years old , were among 17 youngsters playing baseball outside when strong winds began blowing . The adults took 11 of the children into the building , authorities told CNN sister network CNN + . The winds caused the metal roof and part of the building 's concrete siding to collapse on those inside , said a reporter for CNN + . Watch rescuers dig through the rubble " The six boys who stayed outside were not hurt . Earlier official reports that said they had been injured were wrong . Emergency workers thought they had rescued all survivors and recovered all bodies from the building by early afternoon , the CNN + reporter said . Spanish media have reported winds of up to 99 mph in parts of Catalonia , whose capital is Barcelona . Strong winds have also had much of northern Spain on alert . The winds would signify a Category 2 hurricane , which has wind speeds that range from 96 to 110 mph , according to the Saffir-Simpson scale . The winds toppled garbage containers and other objects in Madrid . Various northern airports had delays , as did high-speed train service between Madrid and Barcelona , authorities said . A Civil Guard officer in northwestern Spain died when a tree fell on him as he tried to clear other fallen trees , and a woman in Barcelona was crushed by a wall that caved in . The severe weather , which began Friday night , has also pummeled southwestern France , knocking out power for about 1.2 million homes , according to Electricite de France . On Saturday , two drivers in the city of Les Landes were killed when heavy winds downed trees that fell on their cars . A 78-year-old man also died after being struck by debris near his home , police said . In Gironde , a 73-year-old woman who was on a respiratory machine died after her home lost power . Regions hit include Pyrenees-Atlantiques , Hautes-Pyrenees , Gers , Haute-Garonne , Gironde , Lot-et-Garonne , Aude and Pyrenees-Orientales , officials said , with fallen trees and damaged roads hindering access . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Sujatha Samy-Randy contributed to this report .	NEW : In France , woman on respirator dies when home loses power Six people killed elsewhere in Spain in separate incidents Stormy weather hits Spain , France , with winds of up to 99 mph Electricite de France : Power lost to 1.2 million homes
CNN  Maroon 5 pulls off the ultimate wedding heist in their newest video , "  Sugar . " And it 's sure to leave you with a smile . Their mission : surprise couples on their wedding day . "  We are going to drive across L.A. and hit every wedding we possibly can , " says frontman Adam Levine as the video starts . "  It 's going to be awesome . " The video was shot in the Los Angeles area on December 6 , 2014 . In it , the band drive from wedding venue to wedding venue , and sneak up on stage that 's enclosed by giant curtains . The magic happens when the curtains drop . The looks of the faces around the room are priceless : delight , tears , confusion . So , how did the band pull off the surprises ? "  Only the grooms knew in each case , " a representative for Maroon 5 told Entertainment Tonight . The band is not sure if the grooms "  disclosed it to their bride and wedding party . " "  They had stages set up for their actual wedding band already . All we did was some simple continuity changes to match each one as best we could . " If the crashing concept looks familiar , that 's because it is . In the 2005 film , "  Wedding Crashers , " Jeremy Grey and John Beckwith , played by Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson , brought wedding crashing to the big screen . David Dobkin who directed the movie also did the video . "  It was an out of body experience , " Levine told People Magazine in a press release . "  I had no idea I would be affected by the overwhelming reactions we received from the couples and guests . Being able to create an unforgettable experience for several people was the highlight of it all . "	The looks of the faces around the room are priceless "  Only the grooms knew in each case , " a rep told Entertainment Tonight
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Thursday that a recently reached security agreement with the United States should not be signed until after elections in April . His comments in Kabul to thousands of tribal elders at a meeting -- known as a loya jirga , or grand assembly -- are at odds with what U.S. officials want . The loya jirga must decide whether to accept or reject the deal , which lays out a limited support role for American forces beyond next year . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters in Washington that authorities are "  seeking clarity on the meaning and intention , " of Karzai 's remarks . "  Broadly speaking , when we signed the strategic partnership agreement last year , both countries committed to completing the BSA  bilateral security agreement  within one year . We , of course , know the math . That window is this month , and we believe that signing the BSA sooner rather than later is essential to give Afghans certainty about their future before the upcoming elections , and enable the United States and other partners to plan for U.S. presence after 2014 , " she said . "  We need a timely conclusion of this in order to plan for a -- any potential post-2014 presence -- which means signing it by the end of the year , " Psaki said . If approved , the agreement would go into effect January 1 , 2015 , and last "  until the end of 2024 and beyond , unless terminated " by mutual agreement and with two years notice by either party , according to a copy of the deal posted online by the Afghan government that a U.S. official confirms is authentic . The subject of military raids and strikes has long been a sore point between the two countries , especially given a number of incidents in which noncombatant men , women and children were killed . The proposed deal contains references to respecting "  Afghanistan 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " and adds U.S. forces "  shall not target Afghan civilians , including in their homes . " It does not address past transgressions . "  If you accept and the parliament passes it , the bilateral security agreement would be signed when our election is done -- without any problem and with dignity , " Karzai said Thursday in Kabul . Elections are scheduled for April . The Afghan president also addressed the subject of trust between his country and the United States . "  My trust with America is not good . I do n't trust them , and they do n't trust me . The last 10 years have shown that I have fought with them , and they have made propaganda against me , " he said . U.S. troops first deployed to Afghanistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , which were coordinated by al Qaeda leaders then based in the south Asian nation . Since taking office , President Barack Obama has promised -- and , in some cases , acted -- to reduce troop levels there , in addition to stating the goal of ending the U.S. combat mission by the end of 2014 . The approval of a security agreement would pave the way for Americans troops to remain on the ground in Afghanistan beyond that . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The Afghan president says the pact should not be signed until after April elections His comments are at odds with what U.S. officials want "  My trust with America is not good . I do n't trust them , and they do n't trust me , " Karzai says
CNN  -- A Michigan teenager pleaded guilty Monday in the mob beating of a 54-year-old grandfather after he inadvertently struck a child with his truck in April , according to a news release from the Wayne County Prosecutor 's office . Bruce Wimbush , 18 , pleaded guilty to assault with intent to do great bodily harm , according to the news release . Wimbush admitted in court Monday that he punched the driver , Steven Utash , in the jaw and was among a "  large group of people " that attacked the man in April . The teen told Judge James Callahan that after seeing Utash hit a child , he "  got emotional " and his anger took over , according to CNN affiliate WDIV . "  I have a little brother and when I saw the kid , all I could see at the time was my little brother , " Wimbush said , according to WDIV . The charge was reduced by prosecutors from assault with intent to murder with the agreement that Wimbush will testify in future proceedings related to the assault , the release said . Three other adult suspects are charged with attempted murder in the attack while a fourth , a juvenile , is charged with assault and ethnic intimidation . They are scheduled to appear in court this week , according to the prosecutor 's office . Wimbush will be sentenced on July 7 and faces up to 10 years in prison , according to the prosecutor 's office . Utash , the driver , was hospitalized in a coma after the attack . He returned home in May after spending more than six weeks in a hospital and rehabilitation center , according to a "  Help Steven Utash " Facebook page post . The boy struck by Utash 's vehicle was treated for a leg injury at a local hospital and then was released home , according to the prosecutor 's office . Severely beaten Detroit driver discharged after 6 weeks Daughter of severely beaten Detroit driver says he 's breathing on his own ` Race is being looked at ' as a possible motive in attack on Detroit driver CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	An 18-year-old pleads guilty in a mob attack on a Detroit driver The driver had hit a child in an accident Bruce Wimbush says he got "  emotional " after seeing child hit , he then hit the driver Wimbush pleads guilty to lesser charge in exchange for testifying against others in case
CNN  -- Six years have passed since the final episode of "  The Sopranos " aired , but the location of that last shoot , Holsten 's Brookdale Confectionery , still boasts the connection to the show . The Bloomfield , New Jersey , ice cream parlor still draws visitors who want to see the place where the fictional Tony Soprano may have met his end . On Wednesday , Holsten 's owner reflected on the death of James Gandolfini , the actor who played the mob boss . Gandolfini died in Italy , possibly of a heart attack . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America "  It was a great honor , one of the highlights of my life " to have the final episode shot at Holsten 's , owner Chris Carley said . He recalls how gracious Gandolfini was , posing for pictures and signing autographs for his staff . Best quotes from the mouth of Tony Soprano "  He was a very down-to-earth man when the camera was n't rolling , " he said . The actor bought sushi for everyone on the second day of shooting , and Carley remembers Gandolfini sitting in the driveway in the back of the building , lit cigar in hand . "  It was like he was holding court , everyone around him listening and laughing , " he said . Appreciation : James Gandolfini , a pure actor Many New Jersey establishments were touched by the show . The strip club on "  The Sopranos , " the Bada Bing Club , is also a strip club in real life , albeit with a different name . Like Holsten 's , Satin Dolls in Lodi does not forget its Soprano ties . It still bills itself as "  the original " Bada Bing Club in its advertising . Read : Entertainers , politicians mourn Gandolfini	The Sopranos was shot in many New Jersey locations Fans still visit some of the places where the show was filmed One owner recalls the graciousness of the late James Gandolfini
CNN  -- The love of money may be the root of all evil according to the Bible , but that has n't stopped bookmakers from offering odds on who will emerge from the white smoke as the next pope . At odds as low as 2-1 , Cardinal Angelo Scola , the archbishop of Milan , is the bookmakers ' favorite to succeed Benedict XVI , who Thursday becomes the first pope to step down for almost 600 years . Those betting an African will take the Catholic Church 's top job for the first time will be happy to hear Ghana 's Cardinal Peter Turkson is running a close second at 5-2 , while Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican Secretary of State , is currently running third with odds of 3-1 . MORE : Conclave to elect new pope starts Tuesday Claire Davies , a spokeswoman at Irish bookmaker Paddy Power , said more than Â # 300,000  $ 450,000  in bets on the next pope have been placed since Benedict 's resignation -- and that 's before the papal conclave to choose the next church head has even started . "  It 's our biggest non-sporting event of the year , " Davies told CNN , "  and we expect the betting to really pick up as we head towards the conclave . " Canadian Cardinal Marc Ouellet and Brazilian Cardinal Odilo Scherer round out Paddy Power 's top five -- and though betting on the next pope is illegal in the U.S. , the Irish bookmaker is offering 20-1 odds on Cardinal Timothy Dolan , America 's top Catholic . But Vatican insiders are n't the only prospective pontiffs punters can wager on in the hopes that a puff of white smoke will finally put their bank accounts into the black . Davies says nine more bets have been placed on Father Dougal Maguire -- the dimwitted fictional priest from Irish television sitcom "  Father Ted " and a 10,000-1 underdog -- than for Claudio Hummes , a Brazilian cardinal who also has the added benefit of being a real person . Paddy Power says it has also drawn 20 bets at 1,000-1 that U2 singer Bono will be the next pope , and another five on Richard Dawkins , the famously outspoken atheist and scientist , at an ominous 666-1 . One British bookmaker is even offering 10,000-1 odds that disgraced American cyclist Lance Armstrong will be chosen to head up the church . But the bookies ' odds are n't necessarily the best indicator of who the next pope will be , and a phrase repeated by Cardinal Javier Barragan of Mexico is worth remembering : "  He who enters the conclave as a possible pope comes out a cardinal . " According to Davies , Pope Benedict was 20-1 after his predecessor 's death in 2005 before rising to 6-1 at the start of the conclave -- "  up with the favorites , but not a nailed-on certainty . " While the next pope will almost certainly be chosen from among the cardinals set to attend the conclave at the Vatican within the next few weeks , technically any practicing Catholic can be elected to lead the church . So if you 're feeling lucky , there 's already one former leader living in Italy who has spare time on his hands . Three-time ex-premier Silvio Berlusconi may be an underdog -- but at 2,500-1 , at least there 's a chance .	Milan 's Angelo Scola is odds-on favorite to be elected as next pope Ghana 's Turkson , Canada 's Ouellet also in top five for UK bookmakers Betting on next pope "  biggest non-sporting event of year , " says Irish bookmaker Bono , Richard Dawkins , Silvio Berlusconi among underdogs offered by bookmakers
CNN  -- In most of the country , employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties . Heather Wiseman , a retail sales associate , lost her job because consuming water while working , an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy , violated store policy . Victoria Serednyj , a nursing home activity director , lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables . Her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables "  took up a small part , roughly five to 10 minutes " of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task . Workers covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act , by contrast , can continue working despite their physical limitations . The Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act of 2008 broadened the ADA to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions . Pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working . According to EEOC regulations issued in 2011 , the amended ADA requires employers to accommodate persons who experience "  shortness of breath and fatigue when walking distances that most people could walk without experiencing such effects . " It also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a "  20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months . " In some circumstances , even a far more common 50-pound lifting restriction may qualify an individual for ADA coverage . To date , courts have balked at including pregnancy within the Americans with Disabilities Act . They 've reasoned the physical limitations accompanying pregnancy are too short-term and minor to qualify as disabilities . The courts ' remaining objection to providing ADA accommodations to pregnant workers is pregnancy is "  the natural consequence of a properly functioning reproductive system " and therefore can not be a disability . The Family and Medical Leave Act provides no protection to the approximately 40 % of American workers who fall outside its scope . Even for workers covered by the act , it does little to enable women to continue working during their pregnancies . When a pregnant worker is unable to perform her usual job duties , her employer may force her to take unpaid leave under the act even when temporary job modifications would enable her to continue working . If the employer requires her to take leave before the 28th week of pregnancy , the worker will lose her FMLA-guaranteed right to reinstatement because she will exhaust her 12 weeks of FMLA leave before the baby arrives . Unlike pregnant workers , ADA-eligible employees can continue earning a paycheck whenever they are able to do their job with reasonable accommodations . And if ADA-eligible workers also enjoy FMLA coverage , they can save their FMLA leave for situations when their medical condition truly necessitates time off . The courts ' objections misunderstand the Americans with Disabilities Act . The ADA significantly differs from earlier disability laws that viewed persons with disabilities as defective . The ADA recognizes much of the disadvantage associated with disability is more environmental than biological . For example , historical decisions to solely provide building access by stairs reflect the historical assumption wheelchair users would not , and should not , participate in public life . Had wheelchair users historically been considered full citizens , employers and architects would not have so frequently designed buildings that exclude them . Properly understood , the ADA 's mandate to reimagine our social environment to accommodate historically excluded persons should encompass pregnancy . Like more traditional "  disabilities , " the interaction between pregnancy and many work environments constricts women 's employment opportunities . It also reflects the historical workforce marginalization of childbearing women . If American culture is to value pregnant women as legitimate wage earners , work polices should accommodate pregnancy 's physical effects . Accommodation rights for pregnant workers need to catch up to accommodation rights for persons with disabilities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeannette Cox .	Law professor : Americans with Disabilities Act should include pregnancy Courts have balked , saying physical limitations are too short-term and minor to qualify Work policies should accommodate pregnancy 's physical effects , says author
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- Chris Carriger is a 6-foot-1-inch , 250-pound police detective who served four tours in Iraq with the Missouri National Guard . But even someone with that size and life experience is no match for an EF5 tornado , as Carriger learned Sunday night when one struck his house in Joplin , Missouri . "  My feet were actually being pulled in the air , " Carriger told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I was just trying to figure out what I was going to do to keep there , and  I  just kept grabbing for the first thing I had . And that was the  bathtub  faucet . And basically , some debris fell on me and kind of held me down . " Carriger 's home was one of about 8,000 structures destroyed by the twister 's swirling 200 mph winds , City Manager Mark Rohr said , citing a Federal Emergency Management Agency report . The devastation "  looked like some of the things I 'd seen in Baghdad , " Carriger told Cooper , recalling his stints as a military policeman who came upon the aftermath of several firefights . Although Carriger lost his home , in some respects he 's lucky . His wife was away at work when the tornado hit , and the two dogs in the house -- his family Havanese and a black Labrador K9 from work -- safely rode out the storm in a closet . Beyond that , Carriger says he 's fortunate to live in a community where so many people are reaching out to help each other -- especially the newly homeless . "  We 're staying wherever we can find with friends , " he said . "  We 've had numerous offers .  Joplin residents '  friends and family are opening their homes . " Even with his home in ruins , Carriger went right back to work at the Jasper County Sheriff 's Office , paying forward the kindness he has been shown . Officers are patrolling the devastated areas and enforcing curfews while the fire department searches for missing people . "  There are other people out here , " Carriger told Cooper . "  We 've got to get these people help , too . " While many trials lie ahead for the people of Joplin , Carriger is encouraged by everyone uniting for the better good . "  The American spirit is there , " he said . "  It 's strong . We 'll get through this . We just have to bond together . "	Chris Carriger 's house was one of thousands destroyed by a tornado in Joplin , Missouri Carriger said he held on to a bathtub faucet when the storm came through Carriger , a police detective in Jasper County , has served four tours in Iraq
Night gathers , and now your watch begins . You step into the elevator and take a last look around the courtyard of Castle Black before a bone-rattling ride lifts you 700 feet , depositing you in the whipping wind of the frigid north , high atop The Wall . Then , as the red flames of torches flicker in the distance , you hear two telling blasts from the watchmen 's horns . The wildlings are coming . For thousands of "  Game of Thrones " fans , that brief immersion into the life of a Night 's Watch soldier in the HBO show is becoming a reality this week , thanks to an exhibit at the South by Southwest Interactive festival that employs one of the hottest gadgets in tech . "  Ascend the Wall " is part of a traveling exhibit promoting the wildly popular fantasy epic , which returns for its fourth season next month . It 's built using Oculus Rift , a virtual-reality headset that has captured the imaginations of gamers since its $ 2.4 million debut on Kickstarter in 2012 . Designed specifically for video gaming , the Rift provides a 360-degree field of vision , allowing wearers to view , and react to , their surroundings in a realistic manner . The device 's capabilities were inspiring to Mike Woods , creative director of Framestore , the London-based visual-effects company that developed "  Ascend the Wall . " "  It 's whatever you want it to be , " said Woods , whose company recently scored an Academy Award for best visual effects for "  Gravity " and has another for 2008 's "  The Golden Compass . " "  They know that they 're reinventing gaming , " he added . "  There are , literally , endless possibilities . " At the exhibit , which also featured props , costumes and other "  Game of Thrones " displays , visitors lined up , sometimes for several hours , for a turn in a bank of booths designed to look like the elevators that carry soldiers on the show 's massive , icy wall . Once inside , they 're fitted with the Oculus Rift and a set of headphones , and the experience begins . The visuals are built using a gaming engine , and the booth 's floor and walls are equipped with rumble packs that help create the illusion of movement . A set of air vents complete the experience , flicking on and off to cool the temperature and give the sense that the wearer has , indeed , exited the elevator into a howling wind above . The end result is impressive . Rift 's full field of view makes it difficult not to keep looking over your shoulder , expecting an unpleasant surprise . And when it moves you to the edge of the wall , it 's a challenge to not instinctively scramble back , despite intellectually knowing you 're standing still in an Austin music hall . Oculus made at least one big fan with the exhibit : Actor Kristian Nairn , an avid gamer who also happens to play gentle giant Hodor on "  Game of Thrones . " "  I was excited to try the Oculus Rift ... Was n't ready for the awesome , " Nairn wrote on Twitter after checking it out on Saturday . "  I 'm telling you , if you are excited about it ,  it 's  better than you hope ! " In another post , he said he was picturing how the Rift could be used with games such as "  Skyrim " and "  World of Warcraft . " "  They will be perfect for it , " he wrote . Naim was n't the only one singing its praises . Many of those who waited in a long line to test out the Oculus seemed similarly wowed . "  The Oculus experience at the #GOTExhibit is ridiculously good , " tweeted Andy Kinsella , executive producer at Google Creative Lab . "  Wanted it to last for hours . " The fourth season of "  Game of Thrones " kicks off April 4 . Merging a popular cable TV series with cutting-edge technology appeared to be a winning combination at South by Southwest , where the first five days of the 10-day festival are devoted to film and digital culture . At times , the wait to get into the exhibit itself  never mind the Oculus experience  was more than two hours . And festival organizers said that , as of Sunday , "  Game of Thrones " was the ninth-most popular topic in tweets that also mentioned South by Southwest . Assange to SXSW : We 're all being watched Kevin Bacon on ` Six Degrees ' game : ' I was horrified '	Fans at SXSW are lining up to check out the Oculus Rift virtual-reality headset Headset offers a virtual world that immerses the wearer in HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " A consumer version of the Oculus Rift is expected on the market within the next year
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan is postponing its presidential elections until August 20 due to security and logistical concerns , the country 's election commission said Thursday . Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's five-year term is coming to an end this year . The balloting was originally scheduled for late May , but the independent election commission laid out several reasons for the delay . Security is a factor , the commission said . It also cited a lack of trained staff , incomplete voter registration and the weather . It is difficult to campaign or distribute ballots during the rough winter months in the rugged landscape . The elections are a critical moment for Afghanistan as President Hamid Karzai 's five-year term ends . He was elected in December 2004 in largely peaceful polling . But since then , the Taliban militant movement has regrouped , international troop deaths have increased and there has been an increase in terror attacks , mostly in eastern and southern Afghanistan . Afghanistan has already registered 3 million voters and is holding voter drives to register more . The United States will deploy additional troops in coming months to provide much-needed security in the run-up to the election . The country expects to hold parliamentary elections in 2010 . Meanwhile on Wednesday coalition forces fighting in southern Afghanistan killed four militants , the U.S. military said . Coalition soldiers were targeting a Taliban leader in the Zabul province when militants fired on them , according to a military statement . Soldiers returned fire , killing the four militants . Soldiers then searched their compound and confiscated several assault rifles . This operation comes as the U.S. military is contemplating adding three brigades to the war effort in Afghanistan . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday that the troop build up could happen by this summer . CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report	Afghan presidential elections come as President Hamid Karzai 's five-year term ends Afghanistan has registered 3 million voters , holding voter drives to register more U.S. troops will deploy extra troops to provide security in run-up to the election
Palm Beach , Florida  CNN  -- For years , Army veteran Roy Foster 's motto has been "  No man left behind . " This month , he 's broadened it to include women . In November , Foster was recognized at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " as a Top 10 CNN Hero of 2009 for his efforts to help male veterans struggling with homelessness and addiction . His nonprofit , Faith * Hope * Love * Charity , has provided food , housing , counseling , employment and medical services to more than 1,100 veterans . "  I was somewhat overwhelmed at the tribute . To be a part of something that you love doing -- to be honored in doing it was , you know , strange , " recalled Foster , 54 . "  But then to be showcased internationally was tremendous . And it 's still reaping benefits today . " Among those benefits is Foster 's recent opening of the First Stop Resource Center and Housing Program in Palm Beach , Florida . The center and program widen the scope of support services his organization has been offering through its original Stand Down House . They also bring Foster 's long-held dream to fruition . "  Twenty years ago , the dream was to be able to provide assistance and services for homeless veterans and their entire family , " he said . "  We did come up with Stand Down House 10 years ago , but there was never that support for the family or the female veterans . This year , we 've been fortunate enough to complete that vision . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes The First Stop Resource Center assists veterans and their families through various periods of crises , including homelessness and addiction . Before its addition , Foster and his team had to send veterans in need from one partner aid agency to another over multiple days , in multiple locations -- increasing the risk of losing clients back to the streets . At the new resource center , veterans in need are able to meet with any of First Stop 's 15 community aid partners under one roof in a single visit . They can receive assistance with housing , legal , medical care , employment , child care , education , pensions , food stamps and transportation needs . "  We were looking to establish a place where we will not lose them in that process of ` hurry up and wait , ' " Foster said . "  We want to centralize it . We want to get their needs addressed and ... get these service members back out into the community . That 's what it 's about . " First Stop 's housing program is geared toward female veterans and veterans with children . Set adjacent to the organization 's original Stand Down House for male veterans , the two new residence buildings can provide temporary housing for up to eight single female veterans and two small families . It is only the second transitional housing facility in the nation available to veterans with children , according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . "  We 're trying to empower the family structure , because if the family struggles , the soldier struggles . When the soldier struggles , it puts everyone at risk , " Foster said . Barbara Williams is First Stop 's first female resident . An Operation Desert Storm veteran , Williams fell on hard times after losing her job last year . Now , she and her daughters have a roof over their heads and the hope of better days to come . "  My pride is restored , " said Williams , 40 . "  I 'm able to just go off to look for jobs and not worry about where am I going to go when I come home . It 's just so much relief . " The seed money for the new housing facility arrived shortly after Foster was announced as a Top 10 CNN Hero . A local veteran and recovering addict who was touched by Foster 's story approached him with a donation that covered the first year 's housing budget , about $ 44,000 . The furnishings were donated by a local veterans ' motorcycle club . "  Believe it , there are people in America that do care , and we were blessed to come across these individuals , " Foster said . "  And the thing that I appreciate the most is it is done for veterans by veterans . ... We are going to leave no man , or woman or family behind . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Stand Down House website and see how to help .	Roy Foster was recognized as a Top 10 CNN Hero of 2009 for his work with veterans Foster 's Stand Down House helps veterans struggling with homelessness and addiction His organization recently expanded to help women veterans and veterans ' families Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Tuesday that an Oklahoma law limiting marriage to heterosexual couples violates the U.S. Constitution , giving yet another victory to same-sex marriage supporters . U.S. District Court Judge Terence Kern said the court would not immediately enforce this ruling -- therefore not opening the doors right away to marriages of gay and lesbian couples in Oklahoma -- pending appeals . Still , he delivered a clear opinion on how the voter-approved Oklahoma state constitutional amendment relates to the U.S. Constitution . "  The Court holds that Oklahoma 's constitutional amendment limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples violates the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , " the judge wrote , saying that protection "  is at the very heart of our legal system . " His decision specifically deals with "  Part A " of an Oklahoma Constitutional amendment that says , in part , "  marriage in this state shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman . " Kern said that "  the Court 's rationality review reveals Part A an arbitrary , irrational exclusion of just one class of Oklahoma citizens from a government benefit . " Proponents of the state constitutional measure , he points out , "  purposefully  drew a line  between two groups of Oklahoma citizens -- same-sex couples desiring an Oklahoma marriage license and opposite-sex couples desiring  a  marriage license . " CNN -- which has a copy of the ruling -- first learned of the court 's decision via Twitter . This case was first brought by a pair of lesbian couples in 2004 , the same year that Oklahoma citizens voted to put a ban on same-sex marriage in their state 's constitution . Susan Barton , one of the four women involved , told CNN that she is "  absolutely thrilled " with the decision , saying it was worth the long fight . She and her partner , Gay Phillips , have lived in Oklahoma for more than 50 years . They have been together for the past three decades and got a civil union in Vermont and have marriage licenses issued from Vancouver , British Columbia , and San Francisco . "  You ca n't stay in this for nine years and not have faith , " Barton said . " ... I feel like we are already married ,  but  I want our state to recognize our marriage . " CNN received no immediate response from the Tulsa County district attorney 's office , which was among those arguing for the state 's same-sex marriage ban . Gov. Mary Fallin spoke out against the ruling , which she said defied the views of 75 % of those who voted in favor of limiting marriage to a man and woman . "  I support the right of Oklahoma 's voters to govern themselves on this and other policy matters , " Fallin said . "  I am disappointed in the judge 's ruling and troubled that the will of the people has once again been ignored by the federal government . " Learn more about same-sex marriage Several courts ruled on it over what now has nearly been a decade , but the momentous decisions were indirectly related . Those were made last summer by the U.S. Supreme Court , which stated that the federal Defense of Marriage Act "  violates basic due process and equal protection principles applicable to the Federal Government . " That meant the U.S. government would -- for tax and other legal purposes -- recognize same-sex marriages . However , the rulings did not directly address the many states , like Oklahoma , which have prohibited such marriages within their borders . Yet it has opened the door for lower federal courts weighing in on the matter , like U.S. District Judge Robert Shelby 's December 20 decision striking down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage . He argued that state 's law conflicted with the equal protection and due process guarantees under the U.S. Constitution . Carl Tobias , a constitutional law professor at the University of Richmond , said that federal district judges striking at state bans "  looks like a trend " that , ironically , is kicking into gear in the generally conservative states of Utah and Oklahoma . "  It seems to be moving much more quickly than people thought , " said Tobias . In his ruling Tuesday , Kern brought up both the high court 's decision  United States v. Windsor  and Shelby 's ruling , which he noted was about a case "  nearly identical " to the one in Oklahoma . At least 1,000 marriage licenses were issued for gay and lesbian couples in Utah between the time Shelby made his ruling and the U.S. Supreme Court issued its stay Monday , pending appeals . The federal government said it will recognize those marriages , while the state of Utah said it would not . Kern 's decision -- citing what happened in Utah -- to issue an immediate stay of his own decision means no gay or lesbian couples in Oklahoma will be in limbo as the case likely moves forward in the federal courts . His ruling Tuesday is not a total victory for the Oklahoma couples . The judge did n't rule in support of their argument challenging Section 2 of the Defense of Marriage Act asserting that states shall not "  be required " to accept same-sex marriages performed in other states . Nor does it provide any "  other relief , " such as possible monetary damages , as they 'd sought . Still , Kern does say , "  The Barton couple and their counsel are commended for their foresight , courage , and perseverance . " And he is clear in delivering the plaintiffs their biggest victory , regarding their chief focus in the Oklahoma state constitution . "  Part A , " Kern writes , "  intentionally discriminates against same-sex couples desiring an Oklahoma marriage license without a legally sufficient justification . " So what happens next ? Tobias noted that Utah and Oklahoma appeals could be heard together , because they 're similar and both in the Tenth Circuit . Unlike the solitary district judges , such appeals are done by a panel of three judges whose mission is to decide whether or not the lower court erred in its decision . Eventually , the Supreme Court -- even though it has notably steered clear of ruling on state-by-state variations -- could weigh in , settling the matter of whether states can ban same-sex marriage once and for all . That is a prospect few might have anticipated prior to last summer 's Windsor ruling , though there 's no telling how the divided court might come down . In the Windsor case , the Supreme Court struck down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act , which denied legally married same-sex couples the same federal benefits provided to heterosexual spouses . "  Windsor really might have been the tipping point , " Tobias said . "  But we 'll see . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert : Federal judges striking down state gay marriage bans "  looks like a trend " A federal judge says Oklahoma 's same-sex marriage ban violates U.S. Constitution He stays enforcement of the ruling , pending appeals ; this also happened in a Utah case Governor says she 's "  troubled " the government "  ignored " the people 's will
RollingStone.com  -- It 's been five years since Prince put out a new record in the United States , since he limited the release of his 20Ten LP , but that will change this fall . On September 30th , the artist will release two new records : Plectrumelectrum , his long-teased album with the group 3rdEyeGirl , and his recently announced solo LP , Art Official Age . He will reportedly hold a series of special events and live dates around the world , details for which are forthcoming , to celebrate the albums ' release . Both records are available separately as pre-orders , via the website ArtOfficialAge.com , and include "  instant gratification " downloads . Art Official Age is being billed as "  classic Prince , " since it was produced , arranged , composed and performed by the musician  alongside singer-songwriter Joshua Welton  . The record reportedly contains a mix of soul , R&B and funk . The pre-order includes the songs "  Breakdown " and "  Clouds , " as well as three digital singles . The funky , jazzy latter track is now streaming at Complex . RS : Prince 's 15 best post-eighties deep cuts Prince has already released the video for album track "  Breakfast Can Wait " and he played "  Funknroll " during his appearance on Arsenio earlier this year , though the version on Art Official Age is "  funkier and nastier , " according to a Minneapolis Star Tribune writer who got an early listen . The reporter also claimed that "  This Could Be Us " was a ballad inspired by Prince 's Purple Rain costar Apollonia Kotero and that "  The Gold Standard " had lyrics "  wild and rude . " The writer also said the album contained an "  aggressive and menacing " rap song featuring Rita Ora . Plectrumelectrum , a "  classic band album " that is said to be an "  electrifying funk-rock statement , " features the singer leading the all-female group ThirdEyeGirl . The ensemble test-drove a number of the record 's songs on their recent Hit and Run tours . "  No one can play like this band , " Prince told Rolling Stone about the record . "  People are going to try , but they wo n't be able to . " RS : Zooey Deschanel talks Prince collaboration He also previewed the record at a late-night listening session in New York City , which revealed the hard-rock guitar number  and pre-order instant-gratification track  "  Pretzelbodylogic , " as well as the original version of "  Funknroll . " Notably absent from the record is Prince 's duet with Zooey Deschanel , "  Fallinlove2night , " which got its debut on The New Girl in March . The records mark Prince 's return to Warner Bros. , the label he split from acrimoniously in the Nineties after wearing the word "  slave " on his face as a protest to his record contract . "  When you stop a man from dreaming , he becomes a slave , " he told Rolling Stone in 1996 . "  That 's where I was . I do n't own Prince 's music . If you do n't own your masters , your master owns you . " Earlier this year , Prince worked out a deal with the label where he now owns the masters to his recordings . The label previously announced a plan to put out a deluxe , digitally remastered , 30th anniversary release of the Purple Rain soundtrack , though it has yet to announce a release date . RS : Prince on Label Heads : ` They 're Always at the Beach With Their Kids ' "  Prince is one of just a handful of visionary artists who have truly reshaped and redefined modern music and culture , " Warner Bros. . Chairman & CEO Cameron Strang said in a statement about the two new records . "  For the past 35 years , he has never stopped evolving , challenging himself , reinventing his sound and pushing boundaries . In true Prince fashion , he has just given us not one , but two extraordinary albums that express the incredible range and depth of his talent . All of us at WBR are immensely proud to be working with Prince to bring this brilliant new music to his legions of fans around the world , and needless to say we are thrilled to be working in partnership with him again . " Art Official Age track list : 1 . "  Art Official Cage " 2 . "  Clouds " 3 . "  Breakdown " 4 . "  The Gold Standard " 5 . "  U Know " 6 . "  Breakfast Can Wait " 7 . "  This Could Be Us " 8 . "  What It Feels Like " 9 . "  Affirmation I & II " 10 . "  Way Back Home " 11 . "  Funknroll " 12 . "  Time " 13 . "  Affirmation III " Plectrumelectrum track list : 1 . "  Wow " 2 . "  Pretzelbodylogic " 3 . "  Aintturninround " 4 . "  Plectrumelectrum " 5 . "  Whitecaps " 6 . "  Fixurlifeup " 7 . "  Boytrouble " 8 . "  Stopthistrain " 9 . "  Anotherlove " 10 . "  Tictactoe " 11 . "  Marz " 12 . "  Funknroll " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Prince will release two albums on September 30 He 's already released a video for "  Breakfast Can Wait " He 's previewed music at New York City listening sessions
CNN  -- "  Within the oil crisis and climate change there is the opportunity for an economic , social and cultural renaissance the likes of which we have never seen before , " says environmentalist and perma-culture designer Rob Hopkins . Falmouth in England is one of many towns across the world that have ` transition ' initiatives . "  If only we can just unleash all the creativity and genius around us , rather than just lurching from crisis to crisis . " Hopkins is the founder of the "  Transition Town " movement , and the author of its bible , "  The Transition Handbook . " The movement was founded in Totnes , Devon , and Kinsale , Ireland , in 2005 and 2006 , with the aim of helping those communities prepare for the twin challenges of peak oil output and climate change . Since then it 's spread across the United Kingdom and to towns across the world . There are now 60 other projects already in action , and nearly 700 others considering getting involved . There is even a Transition storyline on the popular BBC radio soap opera , "  The Archers . " Fundamentally , it 's a grassroots initiative , and Hopkins believes that the move to an oil-free society is about community and individuals more than industry and government . "  We use about nine barrels of oil each per year in the UK , " he says . "  The first three we can influence ourselves , the next three are down to our communities , and the final third are the Government 's responsibility . We try and focus on the first six barrels . " Transition works by helping local people get together and find ways they can reduce their reliance on oil as a community , and cut their carbon footprint in the process . In Totnes , Transition have created local food guides , formed a sustainable building company , given talks and lectures to landowners and local government officials to show them how peak oil and climate change affect their management decisions . They have even created an alternative currency , the "  Totnes Pound " , which can only be spent within the town in an attempt to localize the economy and reduce reliance on imports . The fact that so much food was brought into this rural , agricultural region from many hundreds of miles away seemed one of the crazier excesses of the cheap oil era Hopkins believes is already over . In an attempt to change this -- both to prepare for the day it becomes too expensive and increase the town 's resilience - Transition Totnes encourages everyone to grow their own food . They operate a "  garden share " scheme that unites keen gardeners without land with those who do n't have the time , or fitness , to tend their own patch . They are also aiming to make Totnes the nut tree capital of Britain . "  We have identified unloved and derelict bits of the town , planted fruit and nut trees and trained the people living nearby how to look after them , " says Hopkins . "  You can get more protein and carbohydrate per hectare from a hybrid nut tree than anything else . " So far , Transition estimate between 10 and 15 per cent of the population have had some involvement with them . Ideas spreading from the fringes to the mainstream Totnes is a town with a strong tradition of alternative lifestyles and environmental awareness , and exactly the sort of place Transition would appeal : the high street is crammed with health food shops and healers . But in the two years the program has been in operation , word has spread and the concept seems to have struck a chord with thousands of people across Britain , many in areas without such a radical precedent . "  Now the people getting involved now are n't just the usual suspects , the hard core environmentalists , " says Hopkins . "  We have professionals , teachers , the Women 's Institute . "  The Archers " storyline was , for me , a real indication we had reached into Middle England . "  One of the reasons why Transition has grown so fast is that it 's expanded into a vacuum . "  People have known about climate change for some time , and now the idea of peak oil is spreading fast . But there was a real lack of action , what could you do after you 'd felt bad about it all for a few days ? That 's where Transition comes in . "  It 's not about finding out whose fault it is and chaining yourself to them , it 's about rediscovering old skills , like thrift ; being practical , taking control . "  Fifty years ago we all had these skills , but now we 've become the most useless generation ever to walk this planet . One of the nice things about Transition is that it brings older people in and makes them feel valued -- because they know these things . " Transition works by uniting local communities and forming groups to tackle individual areas -- energy , food , housing -- with the ultimate aim being the construction of an "  Energy Descent Plan " to plot out a twenty year divorce from oil . "  The British government 's own plans for the future assumes oil will be $ 65 a barrel in 2010 . Well , it has already hit $ 136 , with many analysts predicting $ 200 soon , so it 's quite clear they are not thinking this through . "  I think -LSB- UK prime minister -RSB- Gordon Brown could really do with being honest about energy . At the moment he is n't and that 's a very dangerous situation to be in . It 's no good saying we 'll up North Sea production or going off to talk to the King of Saudi Arabia , we need leadership that takes a proper appraisal . " Hopkins acknowledges that it 's hard for governments to take action until they know the country is behind them , but argues again , that 's where Transition comes to the rescue . "  We can help create that mandate , " he says , "  and revitalize democracy in the process . "	` Transition towns ' help local people get together to work to toward an oil-free future Harnessing creativity to prepare for oil peak and counter climate change Part of wider plan to localize solutions and strengthen democracy Current record oil prices help bring ` Transition Town ' ideas into mainstream
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Day two of Barcelona 's mobile extravaganza brings an app to control your car , a phone that becomes a laptop and better call quality for the older generation . Stuff Magazine brings us the lowdown . A phone that 's also a tablet Asus has been giving demos of its long-awaited Padfone -- the Russian doll of the mobile world . It 's a smartphone that slots into a screen  making it a tablet  , which then slots into a keyboard  making it a feasible laptop replacement  . The phone itself is no slouch , with a 4.3-inch Super AMOLED display running on a 1.5 GHz Snapdragon processor . Top end tablet from Huawei Huawei 's MediaPad 10 FHD is a 10-inch tablet that will gain fans not only because it 's up with the fastest quad-core tablets thanks to its K3 1.5 GHz chip , but also because it has an industry-leading 1920 x 1200 IPS display . All that and it 's running on the latest version of Google 's Android operating system called Ice Cream Sandwich . Superfast 4G connectivity and an 8-megapixel camera complete the package which comes in at just 600g and 8.8 mm thick . Alcatel 's cost-conscious offerings At the budget end of the smartphone spectrum , the Alcatel One Touch Ultra 995 leads the charge with a 4.3-inch display but running the older Gingerbread version of Android on a 1.4 GHz processor . It 's set to be closely followed by the One Touch TAB 20 -- a 7-inch Wi-Fi-equipped tablet . Phone-controlled cars Samsung smartphones will soon be able to connect with Toyota 's In-Vehicle Infotainment  IVI  system using a new Car Mode app . The app will let drivers add voice control , multimedia capabilities and internet services to their Toyota motor . Compatible cars will be launching in summer . Fujitsu intelligent phone prototype This speedy quad-core smartphone prototype has a 13.1-megapixel camera on board and is waterproof like its Japanese compatriot the Panasonic Eluga . A host of intelligent features are promised , including a fingerprint scanner and compatibility with health devices such as blood pressure monitors . For a more enjoyable calling experience it also uses age-specific frequency adjustment and real-time speech slowing to help make calls crystal clear .	Stuff magazine rounds up highlights of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona High speed tablets and hybrid padphones among newest gadgets Samsung and Toyota reveal a phone-controlled car
CNN  -- Tennis top dogs are out to avoid another "  Wacky Wednesday " at Wimbledon . Exactly a year ago , the famous grass-court grand slam experienced one of the weirdest days in its history as former champions Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova were knocked out and no less than seven players withdrew injured . This year , however , defending champion Andy Murray sidestepped a potential banana skin with an effortless 6-1 6-1 6-0 victory over world No. 92 Blaz Rola . "  I played well today , " said the world No. 3 , who next plays Spanish 27th seed Roberto Bautista Agut . "  He 's just come out of college and broken into the top 100 so it was tough for him but he 's got a good game . " Murray , who reached the French Open semifinal after a series of five-set slogs , was relieved to wrap up the second round match in just under 90 minutes . "  I felt like that cost me a little bit at the French Open , " he added . "  If you can finish matches as quickly as possible it definitely helps in the long run . " Second seed Novak Djokovic had a few more problems in his second-round match , finally overcoming veteran Czech Radek Stepanek -- who beat Murray at Queen 's Club this month . The Serbian world No. 2 triumphed 6-4 6-3 6-7  5-7  7-6  7-5  in three hours 17 minutes to set up a clash with Frenchman Gilles Simon , who beat Robin Haase of the Netherlands in straight sets . "  I was two sets up and had some break-point chances in the third and I should have closed it out in the third set tie-breaker , but credit to him for fighting , " said Djokovic , the 2011 Wimbledon winner and runner-up last year . "  He 's 35 years old but he 's moving very well . Grass is probably his most preferred surface . He performs really well on the big stages as you saw , " added Djokovic , who lost the French Open final against Rafael Nadal this month . "  He loves to engage the crowd , he 's an entertainer , and it was fun from one side to be part of a great thrilling match , but on the other side I should not have complicated my own life this way . " Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky sent out a warning by sensationally repeating his "  Wacky Wednesday " antics . Last year , Stakhovsky was a shock winner against Federer , saying afterwards : "  I can definitely tell my grandkids that I kicked the butt of Roger Federer . " The world No. 90 kicked ass again on the Wimbledon grass , this time sending in-form Latvian Ernest Gulbis packing 6-4 6-3 7-6 victory to book his place in the third round , where he faces Freance 's Jeremy Chardy . "  Nothing was working from my side , " Gulbis , the world No. 12 , told reporters . "  Two of my biggest weapons , my serve and return , were n't there . "  A lot of credit to Sergiy . That 's why he beat Roger last year on grass . The guy has a good game plan . He comes in , he chips the ball , he takes out the pace . " Spain 's seventh seed David Ferrer also succumbed to grass-court giantkilling , losing 6-7 6-0 3-6 6-3 6-3 to 2009 junior Wimbledon champion Russian Andrey Kuznetsov , who next plays Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer . It 's the first time in 18 grand slams that Ferrer had failed to reach the third round . Sixth seed Tomas Berdych went through to round three beating Australian Bernard Tomic , while Queen 's champion Grigor Dimitrov also progressed along with Italian 16th seed Fabio Fognini , South African No. 20 Kevin Anderson , Ukraine 's Aleksandr Dolgopolov and Croatia 's Marin Cilic . In the women 's draw , there was one upset as former world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka crashed out in the second round , with the eighth seed from Belarus losing 6-3 3-6 7-5 to 45th-ranked Serbian Bojana Jovanovski . Australian Open champion Li Na ticked off a 6-2 6-2 victory against Austrian Yvonne Meusburger , and the Chinese star will next play Czech Barbora Zahlavova Strycova . The 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova dropped just two games as she eased past German Mona Barthel , and the Czech will next face five-time winner Venus Williams -- who advanced to the third round with a 7-6 6-1 victory over Kurumi Nara . Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , a finalist in 2012 , swept aside Australian Casey Dellacqua 6-4 6-0 while former No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki also triumphed .	Big names out to avoid repeat of Wimbledon 's "  Wacky Wednesday " one year on Defending champion Andy Murray races into the third round with win over Slovenian Blaz Rola Last year 's runner-up Novak Djokovic battles through in four sets , but David Ferrer crashes out Former women 's No. 1 Victoria Azarenka loses , but second-ranked Li Na progresses
BRUNSWICK , Georgia  CNN  -- Seven of eight people killed last week in a southeast Georgia mobile home were laid to rest Saturday . The caskets were laid side by side for graveside ceremonies Saturday in Eulonia , Georgia . The funerals at Youngs Island Church in Eulonia , Georgia , were held for Chrissy Toler , 22 ; Russell D. Toler Sr. , 44 ; Michelle Toler , 15 ; Michael Toler , 19 ; Russell D. Toler Jr. , 20 ; Guy Heinze Sr. , 45 ; and Brenda Gail Falagan , 49 . The funeral for the eighth victim , Joseph L. West , 30 , is to be held at mid-month . Police have arrested Guy Heinze Jr. , the son of Guy Heinze Sr. , on eight counts of first-degree murder . Seven caskets for the seven victims stood side by side for the burial under sunny skies at a nearby cemetery . More than 200 mourners attended the funeral , including William Heinze , father of one of the victims and grandfather of the man accused of the killings . "  I 've never seen so much love and support at a funeral , " William Heinze told CNN affiliate WJXT . William Heinze also said he doubted that his grandson , Guy Heinze Jr. , was responsible for the killings . "  We want to know what really happened , " he said . "  The police may think they know what happened , but we want to really know the truth . " Investigators obtained an arrest warrant Friday evening for Guy Heinze Jr. , 22 , just hours after he had been freed from jail on charges of tampering with evidence and making false statements to a police officer , Police Chief Matt Doering of Glynn County , Georgia said Friday . "  I can assure you that this person is responsible , " Doering said at a news conference Friday evening . The bodies were discovered a week ago at New Hope Plantation mobile home park , north of the Atlantic coastal city of Brunswick . Seven died in the mobile home , and the eighth died a day later at a hospital . The chief refused to reveal how the victims were killed or the suspected motive . A 3-year-old who was injured was on life support at a Savannah hospital , her grandmother said . A man identified as Guy Heinze Jr. reported the slayings . He told an emergency dispatcher when he called last Saturday , "  I was out last night . I got home just now , and everybody 's dead . ... My whole family 's dead . It looks like they 've been beaten to death . " Watch report on funerals and arrest from CNN 's Sean Callebs " According to the first arrest warrant , Heinz provided "  investigators with false and misleading information about his whereabouts and involvement in the circumstances leading up to him calling 911 to report the deaths of his family members . " The arrest warrant also said he removed a shotgun from the residence and hid it in the trunk of his car . The killings have made people in the southeastern Georgia city of more than 16,000 uneasy , a waitress at a restaurant said . "  There 's still a lot of concern that that many deaths at one time can not have been done by one person , " Lucinda Bennett , a waitress at the 4th of May Cafe , said . "  There is still a little bit of nervousness in the area over whether they have got everyone that was involved with it . " Linda Davis , who works at a barbershop in the city , said everyone is puzzled over the slayings . "  You do n't go in and kill eight people and nobody hears screams or shots or anything like that with trailers that close together , " she said . CNN 's Sean Callebs and Lee Garen contributed to this report .	7 of 8 people killed last week in a mobile home were laid to rest Saturday Other victim will be buried mid-month , and an injured 3-year-old is on life support Guy Heinze Jr. , the son of one of the victims , is charged with murder Killings have left people in the city of 16,000 uneasy and incredulous
CNN  -- When President Obama announced his plan Wednesday night to launch air strikes in Syria against ISIS , he opened a new chapter in the American war on Islamic extremism . Click here to get all the facts on President Obama 's speech to the nation on his new strategy to combat ISIS with air strikes in Iraq and Syria . Or click here to read the transcript . Below are some key themes identified by CNN 's military and political commentators and reporters : It is a stunning turnaround from his previous policy - This new strategy represents a turnaround by President Obama on so many levels ; there are things the President refused to do that that he is now doing . He had said he would not arm Syrian rebels . He had said there would be no air strikes in Syria . Now the President says the U.S. and its coalition will hunt down ISIS wherever it may be . But it is important to note that the President never used the word ` war . ' He calls this a counter-terror operation - Jim Sciutto - CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Related : Sen. John McCain has showdown with Jay Carney over Obama speech on CNN It was a speech the president did not want to give - Let 's take a step back . This is a speech the President never intended to give , did n't want to give , and has been ambivalent about what he ought to do . This is a President whose narrative was killing Osama bin Laden and ending two wars . What he did tonight when he stepped up to the microphone , he essentially said , "  I am going to get involved in large airstrikes over two countries in a conflict that could well outlast his administration . There is no end point to this . " I think for the president tonight , this was a very difficult speech for him to give . - Gloria Borger - CNN Chief Political Analyst Related : Strong reaction to Obama statement ` ISIL is not Islamic ' Enacting Obama 's vision presents real issues for the military - I put myself in the position of my friend , Gen. Lloyd Austin , Combatant Commander , Central Command . What is he hearing right now ? I think what Gen. Austin hears was , "  Let me get this straight . You want me to expand operations into a country that is having a civil war , where we do n't like the leader of the country . We 're expanding operations in a country that is still having a religious war and has a little bit of turmoil in their government . You 're are asking me to train more forces , bring potentially a 40-member coalition together and conduct air strikes where I do n't hurt innocents . " - CNN military analyst Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling , U.S. Army , ret . Related : As Obama prepares for ISIS fight , where are the doves ? Obama was candid about the risks to Americans and the military - The President was candid about the threat of ISIS , the long term nature of the challenge and the risks of military action . Using Yemen and Somalia as examples of the fight against terrorism is understandable given the unpopularity of Iraq/Afghanistan , but critics were quick to say ISIS is a bigger , more complex challenge . More than anything , long term success relies on players that for years have proven unreliable : the Iraqi government , the Syrian opposition and regional partners , like the Saudis . - John King , CNN Chief National Correspondent It strangely threw in a pitch for the American economy - I thought the first part of the speech as he talked about the attack on ISIS was strong and presidential and serious . You could quibble with it , I am sure there will be disagreements . But as a presidential speech , it did very well . What surprised me was the second part of the speech when he started to talk about how well the country is doing with jobs and leading around the world . I think for an awful lot of people , America is feeling pretty blue right now . I think those kind of assertions do n't ring true to a lot of people . It seemed to me it detracted from the main message of the speech . - David Gergen - CNN commentator and former adviser to presidents from both political parties Round-up : Did Obama sell his ISIS strategy ?	On many levels , this is a turnaround for Obama One analyst believes it 's a speech he did n't want to give Hertling : It will present real issues for the military
CNN  -- Roberto Mancini believes Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans after the Argentina star changed his mind and decided to stay at Eastlands . Tevez stunned the City faithful when he said he wanted to leave the English Premier League side , citing personal issues . It led to a stand off with Mancini , which was resolved when Tevez had a change of heart , although doubts remain about his long-term future with the club . The saga was reminiscent of Wayne Rooney 's situation at city rivals Manchester United , where the England star said he wanted to leave before a very public climb down and apology . Football 's heroes and villains of 2010 Now Mancini is advising Tevez to take a similar course of action . "  I do n't know . Maybe he should apologize , " Mancini told the official Manchester City website . Despite the furore , Tevez retained the captain 's armband for the 2-1 home defeat to Everton on Monday . The shock loss was a setback to City 's title challenge and Mancini added : "  It is important now that Carlos plays well and scores goals . "  But the fans still love him . " Ahead of City 's Boxing Day trip to Newcastle , Mancini had more words of advice for his summer signing Mario Balotelli . The striker has won plaudits for his goalscoring ability , but Mancini wants him to show more battling qualities . "  You must also put your heart and your strength on the pitch , he said . "  I know a lot of players , good players like Mario , who did not play football in a top team because of this . " Mancini is set to recall controversial midfielder Nigel de Jong to his side for the trip to St James ' Park . The Dutchman has just served a one-game ban after picking up five bookings , but it was his challenge on Newcastle 's Hatem Ben Arfa in the home match in October which gained notoriety , although it went unpunished by referee Martin Atkinson . Ben Arfu was left with a broken leg , but Mancini said the controversy would not affect his selection . "  It has not affected Nigel and I never thought about leaving him out , " he said .	Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans Tevez said he wanted to leave Eastlands before changing his mind Mancini calls on Mario Balotelli to show more commitment
CNN  -- Denouncing election irregularities , Venezuelan opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski demanded a recount and said early Monday that he will not recognize the country 's presidential results "  until every vote is counted . " His comments came less than an hour after officials said the man former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez handpicked to be his successor had won the country 's presidential vote . With 99 % of votes counted , Nicolas Maduro won 50.66 % of votes , National Electoral Council President Tibisay Lucena said , calling the results "  irreversible . " Capriles won 49.07 % of votes , she said . Fireworks erupted over Caracas as Maduro spoke to cheering supporters , calling on Venezuelans to respect the results and respond peacefully . "  I have won by nearly 300,000 votes . It is the decision of the people , " he said . The closely watched election was the second time in just over six months that voters in the South American country cast ballots in a presidential election . Chavez , who ruled Venezuela for 14 years , celebrated a triumphant re-election victory in October . After his death on March 5 , authorities announced new elections to select his successor . Maduro , 50 , was the United Socialist Party of Venezuela 's candidate . Capriles , 40 , represents a coalition of opposition parties . Capriles is the former governor of Miranda state . He lost to Chavez in October 's presidential vote , coming within 10 percentage points of the longtime leader . It was a significant gap , but the closest any opposition candidate ever came to defeating Chavez during his rule . More than 18.9 million Venezuelans are registered to vote in the presidential election . More than 68 % of the country 's registered voters had cast ballots by 3 p.m. Sunday , elections officials said . Far beyond Venezuela 's borders , voters lined up at diplomatic offices around the world . Venezuela 's National Electoral Council says that more than 100,000 Venezuelans are registered to vote abroad at diplomatic offices in 88 countries . There are more than 37,681 Venezuelans registered to vote in the United States , according to government figures . By midafternoon , thousands had cast ballots in New Orleans . Many said they had traveled by car or bus for more than 12 hours to get there from Florida because Venezuela shut down its consulate in Miami last year . Beatriz Olavarria , who worked to mobilize voters , said it was n't easy . While campaigning lasted for months before October 's election , this time around , the official campaign period was only a matter of days . "  It was much more difficult because the time has been short , and the budget has been low , " she said Sunday , "  but the excitement has been enormous . " In addition to representatives from national organizations serving as observers , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council says 170 foreigners have been invited to witness the elections in Venezuela . The international group includes delegations from the Union of South American Nations and the Atlanta-based Carter Center . Authorities detained 43 people Sunday for alleged electoral crimes , Maj. Gen. Wilmer Barrientos told reporters . But elections officials said Sunday evening that the day had proceeded smoothly without major incidents . "  It has developed with total normalcy , with total calmness , " said Sandra Oblitas of the National Electoral Council . Polls were scheduled to close at 6 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  , but Barrientos said polling stations where voters remained in line would remain open until the last voter cast a ballot . As polls were closing on Sunday evening , Twitter accounts for Maduro and his party were apparently hacked with posts denouncing "  electoral fraud . " A group calling itself Lulz Security Peru claimed responsibility , while officials from Maduro 's campaign criticized what they said were "  dirty tactics , " blaming right-wing political opponents for the hacking . Both candidates ' campaigns called on Venezuelans to await official results calmly earlier Sunday . But they also appeared to be bracing for a fight , with opposition leaders decrying what they said were election irregularities and Maduro 's campaign vowing to defend the election results . Capriles said in a Twitter post that some officials want to change "  the desire expressed by the people . " Jorge Rodriguez , the head of Maduro 's campaign , stressed that the election had been fair and called on Maduro 's supporters to gather in front of the presidential palace . "  We will recognize the results , whatever they are , " he said . "  And in this we say , that in the scenario that the anti-Chavista candidate wins by one vote , we will recognize it , but in the scenario that we win by at least one vote , we are going to defend this victory with the people of Venezuela . " CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Patricia Janiot and Paula Newton contributed to this report from Caracas . CNN 's Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report from New Orleans and CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Capriles demands a recount Election officials say Maduro won the vote Twitter accounts for Maduro and his party are hacked Official : 43 people were detained for alleged electoral crimes
CNN  -- Scientists are more convinced that human activity is behind the increase in global temperatures since the 1950s , which has boosted sea levels and the odds of extreme storms , according to a leaked draft of an upcoming U.N. report . "  It is extremely likely that human influence on climate caused more than half of the observed increase in global average surface temperature from 1951 to 2010 , " according to a summary of the draft obtained by CNN . "  There is high confidence that this has warmed the ocean , melted snow and ice , raised global mean sea level and changed some climate extremes in the second half of the 20th century . " Those conclusions come from the upcoming report of the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the fifth in a series of multiyear reports seen as a benchmark on the subject . The panel 's last report , in 2007 , concluded that it was 90 % certain that rising temperatures were due to human activity ; the new draft raises that figure to 95 % . Climate change may increase violence , study shows The panel 's report is slated for release in sections , starting in September , and could be revised . But Marshall Shepherd , a research meteorologist at the University of Georgia and the president of the American Meteorological Society , said the report is expected "  to strongly identify the significant human impact on the climate system . " "  There are certainly some uncertainties that should be acknowledged , but the consensus is very clear that humans are playing a significant role , " said Shepherd , who contributed to the 2007 report but was not involved in compiling the upcoming document . Increasing concentrations of carbon dioxide and other emissions have driven up global average temperatures by about 0.6 degrees C  1 degree F  since 1950 , the report states . That 's likely to go up by between 1 and 3.7 degrees C  1.8 to 6.6 F  by 2100 , the draft states . Climate change sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion Meanwhile , the rise of sea levels , currently about 3 mm  1/8 inch  per year , is "  very likely " to speed up . Global average sea levels are expected to go up between 50 and 97 cm -- 20 inches to more than 3 feet -- by 2100 , according to the draft . "  Emissions at or above current rates would induce changes in all components in the climate system , some of which would very likely be unprecedented in hundreds to thousands of years , " it states . Those changes are likely to occur "  in all regions of the globe " and affect the water cycle , rising ocean acidity and changes in the water cycle . "  Many of these changes would persist for many centuries , " it added . Opinion : Obama is right on climate change The effect has already been seen in shrinking summer icepacks in the Arctic Ocean and warming permafrost in the Northern Hemisphere , it states . "  It is very likely that the Arctic sea ice cover will continue to shrink and thin and that Northern Hemisphere snow cover will decrease during the 21st century as global temperature rises , " the draft states . The science of global warming is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most researchers , who point to heat-trapping carbon emissions from the burning of fossil fuels as the major cause . A May study of research papers published between 1991 and 2011 found that more than 97 % of those that expressed an opinion on the cause of increasing temperatures supported that consensus . Skeptics point to the fact that the rate of warming has slowed since 1998 , a record warm year . But two more years , 2005 and 2010 , have topped that record -- and the report notes that each of the last three decades have been warmer than the last . Meanwhile , the insurance industry and urban planners are treating sea-level rise as a real threat . A study published over the weekend in the scientific journal Nature Climate Change warned that the world 's largest coastal cities will face tens of billions in flood losses a year even with improved defenses . The most vulnerable city on the list was the Chinese city of Guangzhou , with Miami , New York , New Orleans and Mumbai rounding out the top five . New York and much of New Jersey are still rebuilding from 2012 's catastrophic Superstorm Sandy , and a federal government report released Monday said reconstruction should take into account "  the existing and future threats exacerbated by climate change . " "  More than ever , it is critical that when we build for the future , we do so in a way that makes communities more resilient to emerging challenges such as rising sea levels , extreme heat and more frequent and intense storms , " Housing Secretary Shaun Donovan wrote in the report 's preface . CNN 's Tristan Smith , Dave Hennen and Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	Sea levels are "  very likely " to rise more rapidly , draft finds An upcoming U.N. report says scientific consensus is hardening The report says it 's 95 % certain that humans are behind rising temperatures The conclusions are consistent with those of other recent studies
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher has been one of Pirelli 's biggest critics this season , but Formula One 's tire supplier has backed the seven-time world champion to end his long wait for a victory at Sunday 's European Grand Prix . The 43-year-old , who has not finished on the podium since coming out of retirement in 2010 , told CNN that dealing with the rapidly degrading rubber this year was like "  driving on raw eggs . " He has been outshone by Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , but Pirelli 's motorsport director Paul Hembery believes the German can perform well in Valencia , where he has failed to make the top-10 in two previous attempts . Schumacher did , however , top the qualifying times at another street circuit last month in Monaco , but started the race sixth due to a penalty and ended up retiring early -- as he did last time out in Canada . "  I think you have to look at someone like , maybe Michael , getting the pole position , " Hembery told F1 's official website . "  He probably would have won Monaco if he had n't been penalized , so why not here ? Michael for Valencia , that 's where the money should go . " Sauber chief : "  F1 better than ever " Schumacher , who won 91 grands prix between 1992 and 2006 , was penalized in Monte Carlo due to a collision with Bruno Senna at the Spanish Grand Prix . The former Ferrari driver has endured a miserable start to the 2012 season , collecting just two world championship points and retiring from five of the first seven races . Rosberg , meanwhile , is fifth on 67 points and clinched the first race win of his career in China . But Schumacher , who has won the European Grand Prix a record six times at its former homes in Jerez and Nurburgring , is confident Mercedes can overcome the reliability issues which have dogged him . "  Our motto in the last few days has been to roll our sleeves up and focus on the job in hand , " he said . "  Everybody in the team has taken that approach to heart , so we can travel to Valencia in an optimistic mood . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn , who worked with Schumacher at Ferrari , conceded he has not provided him with an adequate car . "  The performance of our car and our tire management were generally good in Canada , however our competitiveness was compromised by reliability problems and mistakes , " said Brawn . "  This is a disappointment that is deeply felt by everyone in our team , and we have been working hard to ensure we understand the reasons and deal with them . "  Achieving zero-defect reliability is our highest priority . The opportunities available if we can give both drivers a reliable car and a clean weekend are clear . " After this weekend 's race in Valencia , the world championship will head to Silverstone for the British Grand Prix on July 8 .	Michael Schumacher tipped for success at Sunday 's European Grand Prix The Mercedes driver has not won a race since coming out of retirement in 2010 The seven-time world champion has retired from five of seven races in 2012 Schumacher 's teammate Nico Rosberg collected his first ever win in China
CNN  -- Neptune Collonges has become the first grey to win the Grand National , England 's most iconic horse race , since 1961 . Trained by Paul Nicholls and ridden by Daryl Jacobs , the 11-year-old won by a nostril from the Jonjo O'Neill-trained Sunnyhill Boy . It is the first Grand National win for legendary trainer Nicholls , who has trained 52 previous runners without success . In third place was Seabass , ridden by Katie Walsh , who recorded the highest-placed finish by a female jockey in the history of the race . The Grand National is one of the most recognizable events in the English sporting calendar which takes place annually at the Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool . The four-and-a-half mile course features 30 flights of jumps , some as large as five-feet high , including the notorious Chair and Becher 's Brook fences . The 2012 race got off to an inauspicious start after the Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Synchronised was spooked on his way down to the start and unseated his jockey , AP McCoy . McCoy eventually remounted and started the race , but Synchronised - who was bidding to become the first horse since Golden Miller in 1934 to win the Gold Cup and the Grand National in the same season -- fell at the sixth fence and subsequently had to be put down . The race was also marred by the death of another horse , According to Pete . Aintree 's managing director , Julian Thick said every effort is always made to make the event safe for everyone involved . "  Since last year 's race we have made further significant changes to the course and there have been four races run over the course without serious incident since then , " Thick said . "  After today , we will , as always , be looking at all aspects of this year 's race to see how we can improve safety further , " he added . Earlier in the afternoon another veteran jockey , Ruby Walsh , suffered a fall in the Aintree Hurdle , ruling him out of the Grand National , where he had been due to ride On My Own . The ride was taken by Paul Townend , although they , too , failed to finish . But the Walsh family was still well-represented in the race , with the third-placed Seabass ridden by Ruby 's sister Katie and trained by their father Ted .	Neptune Collonges wins the Grand National , one of UK 's most famous horse races Jonjo O'Neill-trained Sunnyhill Boy finishes second ; Seabass , ridden by Katie Walsh is third Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Synchronised a faller early in race and later put down
CNN  -- New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo took advantage of a break in light weather conditions to steal a march on its rivals in the annual Sydney-Hobart yacht race off the south-east coast of Australia on Sunday . Skipper Neville Crichton 's 100-foot vessel has led since leaving Sydney Heads , and moved more than 10 nautical miles ahead at the halfway stage in the evening . Second-placed British entry ICAP Leopard and Australia 's four-time line honors winner Wild Oats failed to catch an early breeze , giving Crichton the edge with more patchy weather predicted ahead in the 628 nautical mile event . Leopard skipper Mike Slade told the race 's official Web site that Alfa Romeo made a break at around 9 a.m. near Gabo Island after hours of frustratingly light winds . "  We were all just splashing about , there was no breeze whatsoever , and it 's always the case that someone will get that little extra puff , " Slade said . "  Alfa Romeo was in the right place to get it . We did n't get it , Wild Oats XI did n't get it , and Alfa put 10 miles on us both very quickly . " Wild Oats set the race record of one day , 18 hours and 40 minutes in 2005 , but that mark is almost certain to still be standing at the end of the 65th staging of the event , with the winner expected to cross the line on arrival at the island state of Tasmania on Monday night . "  We were unfortunate to get into a hole . We could see Alfa when she got her nose into the new breeze , " skipper Mark Richards told rolexsydneyhobart.com . "  These things happen . There is always an element of luck , and things went his way . It 's one of those frustrating things -- a role reversal of 2005 . " However , with conditions uncertain there is still a chance that 2002 winner Crichton could yet be denied a first victory in a yacht that was launched in 2005 and has 143 line honors triumphs to date . "  The big guys will have some running in Bass Strait , but there are still a lot of potholes between that and the finish , " yachting forecaster Roger Badham told the Web site . "  Anyone of the three could finish first . " Noel Cornish 's Sydney 47 St Jude is a surprise leader in the handicap standings , while the Sydney 38 Mondo became the fifth entry to retire and leave the fleet reduced to 95 . The race , first held in 1945 , has been hit by severe weather conditions in recent years . In 1998 , six competitors died and several boats were lost during a fierce storm on the first night . Two years ago the fleet was also hit by similar conditions , and eight yachtsman had to abandon a sinking craft .	New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo extends lead in Sydney-Hobart yacht race on Sunday Skipper Neville Crichton takes advantage of a break in light weather conditions in morning Second-placed ICAP Leopard and Wild Oats XI fail to catch breeze in 628 nautical mile event Australian record-holder Wild Oats bidding for fifth straight line honors victory
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  Thousands of demonstrators marched in Tunisia 's capital Sunday , protesting against terrorism less than two weeks after gunmen attacked a museum and killed more than 20 people there . "  We came to express our support and to fight this danger that 's threatening our society and our stability , " said Rafik Abdessalem , Tunisia 's former foreign minister , who was among the crowd . "  Fortunately , all Tunisians are united here today . We will be able to defeat terrorism , which is threatening Tunisia and all the neighboring countries . " As a heavy police presence stood guard , Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi marched alongside dignitaries and world leaders , including French President Francois Hollande and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , who led the crowd to the steps of the Bardo Museum . Protesters held banners that said "  We are not afraid " and "  Je suis Bardo " as they chanted "  Tunisia is free , and out with terrorism . " On March 18 , the art , culture and history museum was the site of a drastically different scene , as gunmen opened fire on tourists in a siege that also forced the evacuation of the neighboring Parliament . ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack in an audio message posted online the next day . Hours before Sunday 's demonstration began , Tunisia 's Prime Minister announced that Algerian national Khaled Shayeb , the alleged architect of the museum assault , was one of nine suspected militants killed in a raid in the south of the country . Arab Spring aftermath : Revolutions give way to violence , more unrest CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Thousands march in a protest against terrorism in Tunisia 's capital Demonstrators hold signs that say "  We are not afraid " and "  Je suis Bardo " Tunisia 's Prime Minister says a suspect in the Bardo museum attack was killed in a raid
CNN  -- Starbucks is closing more than two-thirds of its stores in Australia , days after announcing that hundreds of its American coffee outlets are also being shuttered . Starbucks announced plans to close 600 stores in the U.S. last week . The Seattle-based global coffee franchise said Tuesday that it will close 61 of its 84 locations in Australia by the weekend . The closures will mean that only 23 cafes will remain open in and around three major cities : Brisbane , Melbourne and Sydney , the company said in a statement Tuesday . Earlier this month , the company announced it would close 600 company-owned stores in the United States . Starbucks , named after the first mate in Herman Melville 's ` Moby Dick , ' was founded in 1971 . It has more than 8,000 company-operated stores and another 6,800 licensed cafes in 44 countries . Starbucks has seen rising competition from privately-held Dunkin' Donuts and McDonalds recently , and welcomed founder Schultz back as CEO in January after a lackluster performance by the company in the latter half of 2007 .	More than 60 Starbucks cafes to close by August 3 Closures follow news of more than 600 outlets to shut in U.S. Move by Seattle company will end 685 jobs in Australia , reports say
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- A Sri Lankan government minister narrowly escaped injury Thursday when a suicide bomber in a car detonated explosives , police said . File image of Maithripala Sirisena taken in May , 2007 . Two of the minister 's bodyguards were hurt in the blast , which occurred in a southern suburb of the capital city , Colombo . The minister , Maithripala Sirisena , heads the agriculture department . He is also the secretary of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party , a partner in the ruling coalition . Authorities blamed the attack on Tamil Tigers rebels . The fighting in Sri Lanka pits government forces in a country dominated by the Sinhalese ethnic group against rebels from the Tamil minority . The rebels , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , are fighting for the creation of an independent nation , citing discrimination by the Sinhalese . On Monday , a suicide bombing blamed on rebels killed at least 27 people , including a prominent politician and his wife . Another 60 were wounded . That bombing took place in Anuradhapura , the capital of Sri Lanka 's North Central province .	Minister 's bodyguards hurt in blast in southern suburb of Colombo Maithripala Sirisena heads the agriculture department Authorities blamed the attack on Tamil Tigers rebels
GLASGOW , Scotland -- Ronaldinho scored twice as Barcelona wrapped up their Scottish pre-season tour with a convincing 3-1 win over Hearts before a record 57,857 home crowd on Saturday . Two-goal Ronaldinho played a key part in Barcelona 's convincing 3-1 win . The Brazilian put Barca ahead with a 21st-minute penalty and restored their lead with a 40th-minute header after Finn Juho Makela had stabbed in a quick equalizer from Christophe Berra 's header across goal . Second-half substitute Thierry Henry , who scored in Barcelona 's 1-0 win over Dundee United on Thursday , set up the third six minutes after the interval for Mexican teenager Giovanni Dos Santos . The Frenchman ended a fine run by squaring a pass to the 18-year-old who slotted home from close range . The friendly was played at Murrayfield , home of the Scotland rugby union team , to accommodate a bigger crowd . The previous record for a Hearts home match was 53,396 for a Scottish FA Cup match against Rangers in 1932 . Arsenal were 2-1 winners over Paris St Germain and Valencia beat Inter Milan 2-0 on the first day of the pre-season Emirates Cup tournament . Both games were played at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium where the friendly tournament ends on Sunday with Arsenal playing Inter and Valencia facing PSG . Valencia recorded a comfortable win over the Italian champions . Jaime Gavilan opened the scoring , collecting a long ball forward and beating Inter keeper Francesco Toldo from a tight angle . Striker David Villa made it 2-0 before the break with a deflected free kick . Arsenal 's French midfielder Mathieu Flamini put the hosts ahead on the stroke of half-time in the day 's second game , with his first-time shot flashing in off the post . Danish forward Nicklas Bendtner poked home their second in a goalmouth melee in the 70th minute and Peguy Luyindula scored PSG 's consolation goal 10 minutes from time before Bendtner missed a late penalty . Rangers beat Chelsea 2-0 with both goals coming in the last four minutes of their pre-season friendly at Ibrox . Spanish substitute striker Nacho Novo fired home the opening goal with a 20-meter shot , after taking a neat pass from Chris Burke in the 86th minute . Three minutes later Slovakian striker Filip Sebo cracked home another goal from 20 meters out . The ball appeared to be flying wide until it took a deflection off a defender and went into the net . The match was played in a competitive spirit with several tough tackles flying in from the two sides who finished runners-up in their respective Scottish Premier and English Premier leagues last season . Chelsea 's best chance came with a first half header from Didier Drogba which flashed across the face of the goal . Darren Bent 's double and a goal by Dimitar Berbatov enabled Tottenham Hotspur to end their South African tour with a 3-0 win over Orlando Pirates on Saturday . All the goals came in the first 22 minutes , with Bent opening the scoring in the 10th with a stinging shot before providing a simple tap-in for strike partner Berbatov eight minutes later , after dispossessing Pirates defender Destin Makita . Bent then hit the bar before finding the net again following a fine flowing move at the Loftus Versfeld Stadium . Tottenham won the three-team tournament having beaten the Pirates 2-1 in Cape Town on Tuesday after starting their tour last weekend with a 2-1 win over Kaizer Chiefs in Durban . E-mail to a friend	Ronaldinho scores twice as Barcelona beat Hearts 3-1 at Murrayfield Rangers score two late goals to beat Chelsea 2-0 at Ibrox Park Arsenal and Valencia win on the first day of the Emirates Cup
CNN  -- IndyCar driver Dan Wheldon was killed by a fence pole that sliced through his car , causing fatal injuries , an investigation into his death concluded Friday . The 33-year-old Englishman , a two-time winner of the famous Indy 500 , died in a 15-car crash at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway during the final round of the 2011 series on October 16 . The report , published on the official IndyCar website , said the circumstances of the accident were a "  perfect storm " as his car flew into the air and hit the track side fence . "  The chassis impacted a vertical post along the right side of the tub that -- as the car passed by -- created significant damage extending from the pedal bulkhead , through the cockpit and shearing off the roll hoop , " IndyCar President of Operations Brian Barnhart was quoted . "  As the pole intruded the cockpit , the impact with the driver 's helmeted head produced non-survivable blunt force trauma . " Wheldon , who had started at the rear of the 34-car field , was in 24th place on lap 11 when the accident occurred , causing him to decelerate from 224 mph to 165 mph before he hit a car in front of him . Wheldon killed in horror crash in Las Vegas "  It is a tragedy . Our thoughts and support will always be with Dan 's family , " added Barnhart . In the aftermath of the crash , safety concerns were raised about the number of cars racing on the 1.5 mile circuit in Las Vegas , but these were rejected by the report . "  The 34-car starting field was determined to be acceptable based on factors such as length and width of the racetrack and pit space capability , and review of the incident supports the conclusion . "  Similar consequences could have occurred with any size starting field at any track , " it added . However , IndyCar organizers have decided against including Las Vegas on their schedule for the 2012 season . "  Las Vegas is a great city , a resort destination . Our fans , our sponsors and everyone likes Las Vegas and it 's a great place for the race , " IndyCar CEO Randy Bernard said . "  But I do n't want to go back there if the conditions are n't right and it 's not safe for our race cars . " IndyCar said they would continue testing at the facility with the next-generation 2012 car ahead of a possible return in 2013 .	IndyCar star Dan Wheldon killed by fence pole in October 15 crash in Las Vegas IndyCar investigation concludes circumstances of crash were a ` perfect storm ' Report rejects claims 34 cars too many for Las Vegas circuit Englishman Wheldon was a two-time Indy 500 winner
CNN  -- Italy 's soccer players can heal the "  suffering " caused by the country 's match-fixing scandal by winning Euro 2012 , says AC Milan star Alexandre Pato . The Brazilian forward , who has played in Serie A since he was 17 , says an Azzurri victory in Poland and Ukraine could rejuvenate Italian football following a year blighted by corruption allegations . The team 's Euro 2012 preparations were disrupted by a police raid on their training base four days before the start of the tournament , as several prominent football figures were arrested in connection with a match-fixing and betting investigation . The scandal prompted manager Cesare Prandelli to admit his team could pull out of the competition , but instead they have thrived and will face Germany in the semifinals on Thursday . "  What happened with the match fixing and the betting , it was really bad . Italian football has suffered a lot and we as players have suffered a lot , " said Pato , who moved to Milan from Brazilian club Internacional for $ 32 million in 2007 . "  But who knows ... Italy in Euro 2012 can turn it around so that Italian football can change and come back to world-class standards . " The "  suffering " described by Pato struck at the very core of Prandelli 's team , which beat England in a penalty shootout on Sunday to reach the last four . Football culture : Who are you ? Warrior or tika taka technician ? Full-back Domenico Criscito pulled out of Italy 's squad on May 29 after being questioned by officials probing gambling markets linked to fixing results of matches in Serie A. Nineteen others were arrested , 11 of them players in Italy 's top division , in the ongoing investigation by magistrates in the city of Cremona . The arrests were the latest in a long-running saga that has severely damaged Italian football . Seventeen people were arrested in a similar swoop last year , including former Lazio star Giuseppe Signori and ex-Italy striker Cristiano Doni , who was subsequently banned from the game for three and a half years . The allegations initially centered on the lower Italian football leagues but the latest police sweep indicates that suspicion has also fallen on the most high-profile teams . Italy reach semifinals after penalty kicks drama Meanwhile , Pato believes that on the pitch Italy 's current squad can compete with Europe 's best sides -- and possibly cause an upset against the highly fancied Germans . "  Most people did n't expect Italy to get this far , " said the 22-year-old , who will be representing Brazil at the London 2012 Olympics . "  Germany and Spain are really strong . Portugal has surprised me ; they have Cristiano  Ronaldo  who is playing really well . But I 'm going to root for Italy to get to the final , and I hope they can win it . " It would n't be the first time the Italy team had triumphed in the face of adversity . The Azzurri won the 2006 World Cup in the wake of the Calciopoli match fixing scandal , which saw Turin giants Juventus relegated to the second tier and stripped of two league titles . The repercussions of the latest corruption investigation are uncertain , but a repeat performance from the national side would go a long way to lifting the shadow hanging over one of Europe 's great football nations .	AC Milan star Alexandre Pato says Euro 2012 can save Italy 's tainted reputation in football Brazilian forward believes winning the tournament would change Italian game Scores of football figures have been arrested in latest Italian match-fixing scandal Defender Domenico Criscito withdrew from squad before Euro 2012 after police raid
CNN  -- About a decade ago , while walking through the spring training clubhouse of the then-Florida Marlins , a third baseman summoned me toward his locker and -- pants down , while changing out of his uniform -- farted in my face . I did not know the man . He did not know me . He simply thought , in some odd way , that farting into a stranger 's face constituted good humor . And , amazingly , it did . Teammates laughed and laughed and laughed . Ultimately , a catcher I 'd interviewed before walked up , tapped me on the shoulder and said , "  Typical bull -- . " Indeed . The professional athlete who breaks wind in a man 's face is not an anomaly . Neither is the athlete who -- as a joke -- sticks a pornographic film in the clubhouse TV 's DVD player . Or the one who gives a teammate a wedgie . Or a purple nurple . Or tells racist jokes . Or sexist jokes . Or ... you name it . Really , name anything . That 's why , as the world -- in and out of sporting -- chatters over the 144-page report commissioned by the NFL to explore allegations of bullying within the Miami Dolphins , I ca n't help but sigh , shrug and accept the reality that -- even with Richie Incognito 's warranted public flogging , even with Michael Sam 's announcement of his homosexuality , even with continued societal enlightenment -- little will change . As anyone who has spent time covering athletics will tell you , life in a male professional clubhouse is often akin to the worst fraternity on campus -- minus the rules , regulations and governing bodies . There is a caste system , but it has little to do with the most intelligent and mature rising to the top . Here , the skinny backup quarterback who attended , say , Harvard or Northwestern gains no points for his pedigree . The strong debater or the Tolstoy fan is n't considered a guide or guru . No , this is the heartland of Richie Incognitos -- large , loud , oafish dunderheads who would be branded bullies elsewhere but are here leaders . As the NFL report detailed , Incognito and Co. appeared to take a sadistic pleasure in torturing Jonathan Martin , a teammate considered to be weak . Ted Wells , a defense lawyer who investigated the scandal and produced the report for the NFL , called it "  a classic case of bullying , where persons who are in a position of power harass the less powerful " -- and truer words have rarely been written . Martin was mocked racially , mocked sexually , subjected to obscene jokes about his sister and mother . Another teammate , according to the report , was besieged with homophobic taunts and touched in a "  mockingly suggestive manner . " This is awful . This is not particularly surprising . Truth be told , the world of professional team sports is about as open-minded as a corpse . Yes , blacks and whites and Hispanics and Asians come together to fight for a common goal . Winning . Once the final whistle or buzzer sounds  or the last out is recorded  , the "  Kumbaya " spirit evaporates , and everyone wanders off into their groups and corners . Many go about their lives . Some -- the meek -- cower . Others -- the Incognitos -- pounce . They do so for the simple reason that others before them have also done so -- no one dares stand in the way . I vividly recall covering the San Francisco Giants when Barry Bonds was the team 's star . He was  to be blunt  an awful man to others -- rude to teammates , dismissive to fans , crude to the media and indifferent to Giants employees . When a San Francisco front office executive or public relations official would tiptoe up to Bonds with a question or request , he would be unceremoniously rebuffed . He might technically have held the power , but Bonds was bigger , stronger , more famous , more important -- and his way became the way . No matter what the so-called experts say on the morning talk shows  and Lord knows , it 'd be helpful if some of them ever even stepped foot inside a locker room  , that 's how it goes in sports . Unless pro sports commissioners Roger Goodell , Bud Selig , Adam Silver and Gary Bettman make a concerted effort to begin enforcing better behavior in their sports ' respective locker rooms , that 's how it will always go in sports . And the Richie Incognitos will continue to rule the terrain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : NFL report on bullying among Dolphins horrified many but should n't As a sportswriter , he says he often saw the immature behavior of players He says the strong bully the weak , while racism and homophobia are n't uncommon Pearlman : The culture of the locker room will remain unless sports chiefs change it
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An unidentified man twice jumped over a fence and into actress Halle Berry 's yard this past weekend , a Los Angeles police spokeswoman said Monday . Berry or her employees called police each time , but no one has been arrested , according to LAPD Officer Sarah Faden . It 's not unusual for photographers to stake out positions around Berry 's Los Angeles home to get shots of the Oscar-winning actress , but investigators do n't know what this intruder was trying to do , Faden said . The man was first confronted by a Berry employee after he hopped over the outer fence at 11 a.m. Saturday , she said . He told the staffer he was "  there to see somebody , " but he left after the employee ordered him out , she said . The police spokeswoman would not reveal who the man said he was looking for . The same man jumped the same fence at the same time Sunday morning , Faden said . Again , he said he was "  there to see somebody . " Again , he left when the the staff member told to leave , she said . Police are looking at security camera video for clues to identify the intruder , she said . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	An man jumped into Berry 's yard Saturday and Sunday , police say The intruder told a staffer he was "  there to see somebody , " police say He left each time after the employee told him to go , police say
CNN  -- Early this year , comic book writer Nathan Edmondson set out to tell fictional stories based on the super-secret U.S. government paramilitary organization once named the Intelligence Support Activity  or ISA  . But it turns out what Edmonson created from his wildest imaginations hues pretty close to reality about the little known , seldom discussed agency . His stories focused on a specialized subset of the organization that was a "  technologically advanced , mixed-gender team of first responders with backgrounds in a variety of military and spy disciplines . " In reality , the ISA has been around since the 1970s . Originally hidden from the Pentagon and Congress , its existence has never publicly or officially been acknowledged . "  The ISA is a secret kept from the Army , it 's even a secret kept from itself , " said Edmondson . "  If you 're in the ISA , you may not know who else is in it . It 's the military equivalent of telling a story about aliens in space . You 're reaching out for that great mystery , that void to see what you can pull out of it . " The mystery around the group alone seemed like a natural for storytelling . Then a funny thing happened as Edmondson started publishing the Image Comics title : He got a lot of things right . "  There were parts of this group that we crafted as fiction that we later found out were not as fictional as we thought , " the writer told CNN . Once Edmondson discovered this , he made a point to have the right people consulting on every issue . He reached out to a few contacts from his days having worked in Washington , as well as the U.S. Army Entertainment Liaison office . "  We 're -LSB- often -RSB- working with some special ops group , whether it 's Green Berets or PSYOPS Delta . We do n't let an issue go by without consulting people to see how we can make the issue richer in terms of special ops activity . " The most recent issue , "  The Activity " # 7 , had the participation of Navy SEALs , who co-plotted a major scene in the story . "  What happens in this particular scene has a domino effect on the rest of this book , " he said . "  We contacted some rather elite Navy SEALs -- in fact , we ca n't say with whom we consulted . We were instructed not to , " he said . "  We gave them our scenario and asked how we would go about doing it . They gave us a step by step of how they would execute this mission , down to things they would say or not say . The first 10 pages goes into what the SEALs told us , down to gear and weaponry too . " If you have n't heard about the ISA , that 's by design , as Edmondson pointed out when describing how he researched this idea for a comic book . "  I 'd been reading a lot about Delta Force or as they 're more commonly referred to , ` The Unit ' -LSB- the subjects of a recent CBS TV series -RSB- . In the course of reading about them I discovered some things about the ISA - their name changes every year to protect them . They are commonly known as Orange , the counter-terrorism of Delta Force -- they wanted a group in the army who could do all these things . You can go a lot of places with that , " Edmondson said , talking about possible story ideas . Edmondson said that many of his ideas come out of conversations he has with those involved in various special ops areas . He has also done various panels at conventions with members of the special warfare community . Comic books and the military have been connected going back to troops reading them in World War II to Marvel Comics ' recent special issues for service members . Edmondson 's writing on this and other books such as "  Dancer " has gained him a following in the comics world , but it goes beyond that with "  Activity . " "  We have an e-mail account set up into which we receive e-mails from soldiers all over who appreciate the accuracy and attention to detail . Officially working with the military on this is tricky as they can not to this day acknowledge the existence of the ISA , but we have received much support in general regarding simply our respectfulness of the armed forces . " Edmondson will also be visiting a few military bases in the near future .	Nathan Edmondson set out to write fictional account of super secret U.S. troops He says after he consulted with military members , he realized there was truth in his tales Unit has never actually been acknowledged by military Navy SEALs have been consultants for recent stories , taking a plot and giving it details
A transgender rights group announced Wednesday that it has filed a discrimination complaint in Colorado on behalf of a first-grader who was born a boy but identifies as a girl . The filing stems from a decision announced last December by officials at Fountain-Fort Carson School District that Coy Mathis could no longer use the girls ' bathroom at Eagleside Elementary . Mother Kathryn Mathis said she and her husband were shocked . "  We were very confused because everything was going so well , and they had been so accepting , and all of a sudden it changed and it was very confusing and very upsetting because we knew that , by doing that , she was going to go back to being unhappy , " she told CNN . "  It was going to set her up for a lot of bad things . " Coy was born with male sex organs but has identified as female since she could express herself , her mother said . The child had attended classes during her kindergarten year with no problems and no complaints from anyone at the school , Mathis told reporters at the Colorado Capitol in Denver , where she was flanked by her husband , Jeremy , and four other children . Wearing a girl 's winter coat , Coy stood behind her mother . Afraid bullies would make fun of her daughter , Kathryn Mathis said she pulled Coy out of school during winter break . "  In the end , we just want what is the best for Coy , " Mathis said about the complaint . "  We want her to be able to go back to school and be treated equally without discrimination and harassment . " Attorney Michael Silverman of the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund , which is representing Coy , said the complaint -- which was filed with the Colorado Civil Rights Division -- is intended to have an impact beyond a single family or school . "  For many transgender people , discrimination is a daily part of life . Unfortunately for Coy , it has started very early , " he said , adding that the complaint is a "  test of Colorado 's Anti-Discrimination Act . " "  The world is going to be looking at the school , " he said , which can "  send a message to the world and teach tolerance , fair play and equal rights . " A girl 's life For most of the past year , Coy has dressed as a girl . Coy 's passport and state-issued identification recognize her as female . Transgender kids : Painful quest to be who they are Kathryn Mathis said she got a call "  out of the blue " from the school in December saying that Coy could use the boys ' bathroom , gender-neutral faculty bathrooms or the nurse 's bathroom , but not the girls ' facilities . The district "  took into account not only Coy , but other students in the building , their parents and the future impact a boy with male genitals using a girls ' bathroom would have as Coy grew older , " a letter the family 's attorney received in December said . "  However , I 'm certain you can appreciate that , as Coy grows older and his male genitals develop along with the rest of his body , at least some parents and students are likely to become uncomfortable with his continued use of the girls ' restroom . " In a statement Tuesday , the district 's attorney , W. Kelly Dude , said : "  The district firmly believes it has acted reasonably and fairly with respect to this issue . However , the district believes the appropriate and proper forum for discussing the issues identified in the charge is through the Division of Civil Rights process . The district is preparing a response to the charge which it will submit to the division . Therefore , the district will not comment further on this matter out of respect for the process which the parents have initiated . " "  It 's sad that the Mathis family had to file a civil rights complaint in order for their daughter to be treated equally , " said Herndon Graddick , president of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , in a statement . "  The students clearly are n't the only people at this school who need more education . " A little-studied group Transgender children experience a disconnect between their sex , which is based on their anatomy , and their gender , which includes behaviors , roles and activities , experts say . For the general public , transgender identity may be a new concept , though many might recall Chaz Bono , the child of entertainers Sonny and Cher . Born female , Bono underwent a transition in his 40s to become a man . He wrote in his book "  Transition " that , even as a child , he had been "  aware of a part of me that did not fit . " He appeared last year as a man on "  Dancing with the Stars , " in part , he said , to destigmatize being transgender . Being transgender no longer a mental ` disorder ' in diagnostic manual Comprehensive data and studies about transgender children are rare . International studies have estimated that anywhere from 1 in 30,000 to 1 in 1,000 people are transgender . Some children as young as age 3 show early signs of gender dysphoria or gender identity disorder , mental health experts who work with transgender children say . These children are not intersex -- they do not have a physical disorder or malformation of their sexual organs . The gender issue exists in the brain , though experts do not agree on whether it 's psychologically or physiologically based . Many transgender people report feeling discomfort with their gender as early as they can remember . Transgender job seekers face uphill battle Gender identity is often confused with sexual orientation . The difference is that "  gender identity is who you are , and sexual orientation is who you want to have sex with , " said Dr. Johanna Olson , a professor of clinical pediatrics at the University of Southern California , who treats transgender children . Children around age 3 are probably not interested in sexual orientation , she said . But experts say some children who look like they will be transgender in early childhood turn out to be gay , lesbian or bisexual . Differences in schools School policies toward transgender students vary across the United States . In New York , for example , the law says students ca n't be discriminated against on the basis of their gender identity . But in Maine , a court ruled in November that a school district did not violate a transgender student 's rights when she was told she could n't use the girls ' bathroom . Gender nonconformity is not a disorder , group says Dude , the Colorado school district 's attorney , has said there is nothing in that state requiring public schools to permit transgender students to use restrooms intended for the gender with which they identify . He added that the Fountain-Fort Carson School District adheres to the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act in all respects : "  Coy attends class as all other students , is permitted to wear girls ' clothes and is referred to as the parents have requested . " She also has easy access to bathrooms other than the girls ' , Dude said . Coy 's case will be the first to challenge a restroom restriction under the state 's anti-discrimination act , the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund said . For now , the first-grader is being home-schooled . Girl Scouts accept transgender kid , provoking cookie boycott Reaction to Coy 's story CNN 's online audience has responded to this story with a range of questions and comments , with many saying the child is too young to comprehend gender differences . Mostly , posters said they felt sorrow for Coy as a child who is struggling . "  Just let the kid use the gender-neutral bathrooms . When he/she is a teen , if he is still convinced he is a girl , maybe then you can get into it with the school , " said commenter EDM . "  This kid is going to have a hard enough life if he really is transsexual , why start fighting battles now , when he should just be blissfully ignorant " ? Transgender teacher sues school for alleged discrimination Commenter AlawJ said the story left a "  negative impression of the parents . " "  My rash view may be unfair , but I remember being that age and have helped raise 9 nieces and nephews . One wanted to be a firetruck and ran around making truck noises . Another one of the boys liked to play dress up with the girls , " AlawJ wrote . "  My fiance 's little brother always wore dresses as well . But , at the end of the day , the parents are there to be the adults and make decisions for them . "  I also am a little weary when you read a story where the parents are filing lawsuits for their 6 year old child 's rights . " Editor 's note : A previous version of this story quoted certain reader comments that were harshly critical of Coy 's parents . We removed these comments because we decided they did not increase understanding of this complex and personal issue .	"  The district firmly believes it has acted reasonably and fairly , " its lawyer says Coy Mathis ' parents file a complaint under Colorado 's Anti-Discrimination Act Coy can no longer use the girls ' restroom at her elementary school The school district says Coy can use other restrooms in the school
CNN  -- Every year , come Valentine 's Day , I cringe at the thought of walking down the street with red roses , balloons and chocolates . It 's not that I do n't like all of the above , I simply dislike the commercialization of love . But whether you 're shy or not about proclaiming your love , the reality is that this day is big business . Lufthansa Cargo is one of the many carriers that help to deliver romance . Every year it transports 20,000 tons of flowers and plants . In the days leading up to Valentine 's Day , it will fly one thousand tons of roses . Ensuring they reach their final destination in full bloom is a complex logistical chain that begins with the growers . The roses come directly from Kenya , Colombia and Ecuador . They are picked up locally by the freighter and while they vary in shape and quality , they all have to meet tough quality standards and strict European Union regulations . This begins the moment they board the plane . Here , the captain has to shower them with love , attention and a temperature in the range of four and eight degrees . Lufthansa 's cargo pilot , Robert Nilles , tells me this is important "  because roses are easily perishable goods , it 's very important not to disrupt the code chain . " After a 10 hour flight , they land at Frankfurt and here , it 's all about speed and punctuality . With cargo doors open and temperatures below zero , the roses need to be moved quickly . In less than an hour , all 65 tons of roses are moved from the freighter to the perishable center where their temperature is taken once again . Hans-Jurgen Hess is responsible for the next step . As a representative of the German government , it 's his responsibility to check all food and plant shipments that come through Frankfurt . But his task is bigger than this : He 's a border inspector for the whole of the EU and he must make sure that everything that leaves Frankfurt is clean of any diseases . Picking up a pink bunch of roses , Hess shows me he 'll be looking at leaves and stems for plant rust , mildew , whitefly and many more bugs . He 'll examine one batch from each supplier and if clear , he 'll sign off and they 're good for delivery . So next time you buy or receive a bunch of roses , remember the precision of this logistical chain . It may have taken you five minutes to buy them , but it takes six hours to approve them . Now that 's commercial love .	The roses come directly from Kenya , Colombia , Ecuador and are picked up by a freight After a 10 hour flight , they land at Frankfurt and here , it 's all about speed and punctuality . Lufthansa Cargo is one of the many carriers that help to deliver romance
CNN  Equatorial Guinea stunned Tunisia by coming from behind to secure a famous , unexpected and bad tempered 2-1 victory and reach the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations . Amongst a hail of atrocious tackles and off-the-ball incidents , Tunisia took the lead when Ahmed Akaichi swept home midway through the second half . But a controversial penalty decision in injury time handed Equatorial Guinea a lifeline . Spain-born striker Javier Balboa , who was once on Real Madrid 's books , scored and sent the game into extra time and towards an ecstatic , and violent , conclusion . Tunisia 's players could scarcely believe what was happening . Punches were thrown behind the referee 's back as play acting ruined the game 's fluency . Free kick The referee again awarded a controversial free kick in the first half of extra time but there was nothing controversial about what happened next . Balboa stepped up again and incredibly curled the ball into the top corner to give the hosts a shock 2-1 lead . The game degenerated into a flurry of conflicts , fights and faked injuries . The referee blew the final whistle a full 15 seconds before the end and had to be escorted down the tunnel by armed police as Tunisian players and officials chasing him down the tunnel , marring what ranks as the finest moment in the country 's soccer history . Long shots The hosts are ranked 118th in the world by FIFA and were not scheduled to even compete in the tournament . Equatorial Guinea had initially been thrown out of qualification in the first round back in May 2014 after fielding an ineligible player . Several matches during their attempt to qualify for the 2014 World Cup were also awarded to the opposition for the same reason . But the Ebola crisis that has engulfed west Africa led to fears in Morocco , the original host country , that fans might bring the disease with them . After a lengthy saga , they eventually pulled out at the last minute . Equatorial Guinea , who co-hosted in 2012 , stepped in and were reinstated . Denmark '92 The build up to the tie had seen the hosts evoke the spirit of the Denmark national team of the early 1990s . Denmark failed to qualify for the 1992 European Championships but after Yugoslavia were ejected due to the civil war raging in their country , the Danes were given a free pass into the tournament . They went on to win it . "  We have the will to win and we like the challenge in front of us . We are hungry for victory , " Equatorial Guinea 's coach Esteban Becker said in a press conference earlier in the tournament . "  Denmark were instated in the 1992 European Championship at the last minute and they went on to win it . We want to do that too . " Yet that Denmark team , although in decline , was still considered to be one of Europe 's most cultured teams . Equatorial Guinea were one of the lowest ranked teams in the Africa Cup of Nations . They will now play the winner of Ghana and Guinea , who play Sunday . Congo v Congo The Democratic Republic of Congo also made it to the semifinals after a dramatic 4-2 victory over Congo . With the game tied 0-0 at half time there appeared to be little danger of a six-goal thriller . But the game burst into life in the second half . Congo raced into a 2-0 lead before a stunning comeback saw the Democratic Republic of Congo score four times without reply . They will now play the winner of Ivory Coast and Algeria , who also play Sunday .	Equatorial Guinea stun Tunisia Reach semi finals after 2-1 win DR Congo beat Congo 4-2 in other semi
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Federal authorities have charged a trendy Santa Monica sushi restaurant with serving whale meat -- an investigation that was spurred by the team behind the Oscar-winning documentary , "  The Cove . " Prosecutors charged Typhoon Restaurant Inc. , the parent company of The Hump , and one of its chefs -- Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , 45 -- with the illegal sale of a marine mammal product for an unauthorized purpose . While it is considered a delicacy in Japan and some other countries , meat from whale -- an endangered species -- can not be sold legally in the United States . The misdemeanor charge carries a federal prison sentence of up to a year and a fine of up to $ 200,000 for the company , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Lawyers for Typhoon could not be reached for comment . But the restaurant told the Los Angeles Times it accepts responsibility and will pay a fine . The investigation began in October when two members of the team that made "  The Cove " visited The Hump , officials said . "  The Cove , " which exposes the annual killing of dolphins at a Japanese fishing village , won the Academy Award for Best Documentary on Sunday . The restaurant , located at the Santa Monica Airport , is known for its exotic fare . Its Web site asks diners to surrender themselves to its chefs for "  a culinary adventure ... unlike any that you have previously experienced . " Armed with a hidden camera , the two women captured the waitress serving them whale and horse meat and identifying them as such , a federal criminal complaint said . A receipt from the restaurant at the end of the meal identified their selection as "  whale " and "  horse " with the cost -- $ 85 -- written next to them . The women snuck pieces of the meat into a napkin and later sent them for examination to a researcher at Oregon State University . He identified the whale sample to be that of sei whale , prosecutors said . The sei is found throughout the world 's oceans . Whalers began to hunt them after the population of blue and in whales declined due to overfishing . It is now considered an endangered species . In February and March , the activists returned and again asked for -- and were served -- whale meat , the criminal complaint said . A DNA test of the meat smuggled out after the February visit confirmed it to be meat from the sei whale , Mrozek said . During the last visit in March , officials with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration observed the activists asking for "  kujira " or whale meat . One of the officers then saw the sushi chef leave the restaurant and return with a wrapped package that he seemed to have retrieved from a parked Mercedes , the complaint said . The chef then told a customer it was whale meat , the document said . The next , officials raided the restaurant and chef Yamamoto admitted that he had served whale meat , the complaint said . "  Someone should not be able to walk into a restaurant and order a plate of an endangered species , " said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. . Authorities do not yet know where the meat came from . Conservation agencies are engaged in an ongoing feud with Japan over whaling . In the early 1980s , the International Whaling Commission determined that there should be a moratorium on commercial whale hunting . Whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts . The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year . Many in the international community believe that such hunts amount to needless slaughter . Critics say that Japan 's research is actually a pretext for retrieving whale meat to be sold in markets and restaurants .	Eatery charged with the illegal sale of a marine mammal product for unauthorized use Meat from whale , an endangered species , can not be sold legally in the United States Authorities do not yet know where the meat came from
The West African country of Senegal has confirmed its first Ebola case one week after closing its border with Guinea over fears that the deadly outbreak could spread , the Senegalese Press Agency reported Friday . Senegal is the fifth country in the region where the virus has spread . Senegal 's health minister , Awa Marie Coll Seck , confirmed that a 21-year-old university student from Guinea was infected with the Ebola virus and placed in quarantine in the Fann Hospital in Dakar , the news agency reported . Officials in Guinea alerted Senegal on Wednesday after losing track of the young man , the agency reported . The man , who does n't have any signs of bleeding , went to the hospital for a checkup , the agency said . His condition is stable . On August 21 , Senegal closed its border with Guinea over fears of the Ebola outbreak , the deadliest ever . The closure includes any aircraft and ships traveling to Senegal from Guinea , Sierra Leone or Liberia . The Ebola outbreak "  continues to accelerate " in West Africa and has killed 1,552 people , the World Health Organization said Thursday . The total number of cases stands at 3,069 , with 40 % occurring in the past three weeks . "  However , most cases are concentrated in only a few localities , " the WHO said . The outbreak has been centered in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , with a handful of cases in Nigeria . The overall fatality rate is 52 % , the WHO said , ranging from 42 % in Sierra Leone to 66 % in Guinea . The case of the Conakry University student is the first one reported in Senegal , which is northwest of Guinea . Sierra Leone and Liberia border Guinea to the southwest . Those three nations have been the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak . Corpses in the three countries are being buried without determining a cause of death , the WHO says . Medical staff can not keep up with current health demands , especially with the limited supplies they have on hand . Senegal is not the first country to close its border during the outbreak . President Ellen Sirleaf has shut most of Liberia 's borders to contain the virus . The few points of entry that are still open are testing people passing through for Ebola . Guinea and Sierra Leone have done the same . Kenya , South Africa and others in the region are also limiting travel to and from the area . On Friday , the WHO urged countries to avoid actions that compromise Ebola response efforts , such as closing borders and entry points or banning flights . The measures isolate and stigmatize the affected countries , making it difficult to transport supplies , the organization said via Twitter . The crisis has taken a heavy toll on health workers caring for those struck down by the virus . The WHO said Monday that 120 health care workers have died in the Ebola outbreak , and twice that number have been infected .	Senegal in West Africa confirms its first Ebola case a week after closing its borders A 21-year-old Conakry University student is infected and was placed in quarantine Officials in Guinea alerted Senegal on Wednesday after losing track of the young man Senegal closed its Guinea border on August 21 amid the deadliest Ebola outbreak ever
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb may have some leadership vacancies . The reported deaths of two of its most effective , wealthy and ruthless commanders within just a few days would be a major blow to the group that has invested heavily in establishing a stronghold in Mali , beyond the reach of that country 's weak government and army . On Saturday , Chad said its troops deployed in the remote Adrar des Ifoghas mountains in north-eastern Mali had destroyed a jihadist base and killed a number of terrorists , including their leader Moctar Belmoktar . Two days earlier another prominent jihadist -- Abdelhamid Abou Zeid -- was reported killed in the same area . The Chadian President Idriss Deby and a U.S. official subsequently confirmed his death , but the French have not . So far only the Chadians have reported the death of Belmoktar . But French officials confirm heavy fighting continues in the area where he was reported killed , and have disclosed that a French soldier has been killed in the operation . If both Abou Zeid and Belmoktar have been killed "  it would be big news , " according to Andrew Lebovich , a Senegal-based analyst who recently spent time in Mali , and has long followed the evolution of AQIM . "  It would mean the removal of two very experienced senior commanders , " he told CNN . The Ifoghas are an impenetrable range of peaks , ravines and caves with virtually no human presence beyond the nomadic Kel people -- a Tuareg tribe that raises goats , camels and sheep . Belmoktar and Zeid , while frequently bitter rivals , had both established camps in the Ifoghas as a precaution against international efforts to rid northern Mali of Islamic militants . Last week , French military spokesman Col. Thierry Burkhard said the militants were "  sustained in a region they know very well . They have set up defensive underground positions , that their members can move between , and they have prepositioned weapons and food depots , " he said . A year in control A year ago , as the Malian army and government collapsed in the face of a revolt in the north led by Tuareg separatists , the al Qaeda affiliate and other militant groups had moved into the major towns of the north - effectively splitting Mali in two . Abou Zeid had established himself in the fabled city of Timbuktu , introducing Sharia law , banning music and forcing women to wear the full veil in public . Belmoktar was seen in and around the town of Gao further east . Both men are -- or were -- Algerians , but had seized new opportunities in northern Mali , enriching themselves with smuggling and kidnapping operations , and taking advantage of their intimate knowledge of the desolate geography of the region . Abou Zeid 's group is thought to be still holding four French hostages kidnapped from a uranium mine in neighboring Niger in 2010 . Belmoktar had reportedly made millions of dollars from smuggling between Mali , Algeria and Libya -- as well as ransoming westerners his group had captured . He was also behind the attack on the In Amenas gas plant in southern Algeria in January , in which more than thirty foreign workers were killed . The French military intervention in Mali began days before that attack , and was subsequently supported by troops from several west African states . As French forces pushed north and jihadist bases were bombed from the air , hundreds of militants retreated into the desert and mountains . And in the weeks since , much of the military action -- including airstrikes by the French and joint Franco-Chadian deployments on the ground -- has been in and around the Ifoghas . Some 1,200 French and 800 Chadian soldiers have been sent to the area , gradually tightening the noose on jihadist fighters who had not disarmed and melted into the general population . Chadian special forces , under the command of the President 's son , have proved themselves effective in the difficult terrain -- no doubt helped by plenty of practice against rebels in remote parts of their own country .  Chadian militia also dealt Libyan forces a resounding defeat in the 1986 after Moammar Gadhafi tried to seize a border area . One French official told CNN last month that the Chadians were regarded as the most useful of the west African contingents , which number some 3,000 troops . But Chad 's forces have also taken heavy losses in the Ifoghas campaign . On Friday , the bodies of 26 Chadian soldiers were returned to the capital in a ceremony attended by President Deby . Leadership vacuum Neither Belmoktar nor Abou Zeid sat at the top of AQIM 's hierarchy in North Africa but they became the two most powerful al Qaeda figures in the sub-Sahara . Both commanded potent "  Katiba " or brigades of fighters intensely loyal to them . Abu Zeid was promoted to a deputy leadership position in the Sahara several years ago by AQIM 's Emir Abdelmalek Droukdel out of concern that Belmoktar was growing too strong . The Sahel countries of Mali , Mauretania and Niger became the new center of gravity for AQIM as Algerian security forces degraded the group in its traditional heartland . Droukdel - isolated and marginalized - struggled to exert control over his southern commanders . In an effort to restore his influence , Droukdel appointed a loyalist -- Jemal Oukacha  also known as Yahya Abou el-Hammam  -- as the overall commander of AQIM in the Sahara last autumn . He also sent an envoy to northern Mali to announce that Belmoktar had been relieved of his command . But although El Hammam was a ten year veteran of jihad , he is from the north of Algeria and according to analysts has wielded nothing like the influence of Belmoktar or Abou Zeid , who counted criminal kingpins , corrupt politicians and military officers among their contacts . El Hammam was designated as a terrorist leader by the U.S. State Department two weeks ago . It said that previous to his appointment as the Saharan emir "  Hammam led another AQIM element whose members operated in Northern Mali . In that capacity , he participated in several attacks launched on behalf of AQIM in Mauritania . " "  As of late 2011 , El Hammam reportedly had possession of multiple European hostages , " the designation added . Belmokar responded to his effective "  firing " by Droukdel by setting up a new commando unit called "  We Sign with Blood . " One of his close associates said he was setting up his own franchise of al Qaeda which would report directly to al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri . He vowed attacks against Western interests if the international community moved against jihadists in northern Mali . Before the bloody conclusion of the siege at In Amenas , he recorded a tape demanding the release of two prominent Jihadists from U.S. prisons . It appeared to be a calculated bid to raise his profile and popularity amongst jihadists worldwide -- and a shot across the bows of Droukdel . The operation was not without cost for Belmoktar . Several of his most experienced deputies were killed in the attack . Analysts tell CNN he either felt strong enough to risk losing them or the stakes were such that the operation was a necessity . Teh hostage attack was launched across from Libya . Both Belmoktar and Abou Zeid made trips to Libya after the fall of Gadhafi and established a network of contacts there . If they have been killed , analysts say it will set back Al Qaeda 's ambitions in Libya . Lebovich told CNN that if both senior commanders have been killed it will likely set back efforts by jihadists to wage a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the French and their allies . But recognizing the scale of the mission to restore Mali 's territorial integrity , French officials have indicated that some troops would stay in the country at least until July . France had been hoping to withdraw the majority this month . And it 's clear that Islamists groups are far from raising the white flag in parts of northern Mali . Another faction - the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa or MUJAO - remains active around Gao , where there have been several suicide bombings . The local government headquarters was seized by militants for several hours on February 21st , provoking a long gun battle with French and Malian troops . The fighting virtually destroyed the town 's market . MUJAO appears to have had close ties to Belmoktar . And Tuareg Islamist leader Iyad ag Ghali -- leader of the group Ansar Dine -- also remains at large . If Belmokar and Abo Zeid are gone , there may be one compensation for AQIM . Droukdel and his deputy al-Hammam may be able to wrestle back control of al Qaeda operations in the Sahara . In a letter Droukdel wrote last year and which was found by the Associated Press in Timbuktu last month , AQIM 's leader criticized his subordinates in northern Mali for trying to introduce Islamic law too quickly in the region and for imposing harsh punishments which he said jeopardized their whole project . "  Your officials need to control themselves , " he wrote . "  It is very probable , perhaps certain , that a military intervention will occur ... which in the end will either force us to retreat to our rear bases or will provoke the people against us , " he wrote . His prediction was accurate . Now he has to deal with the consequences of AQIM 's over-reach in Mali .	If both Abou Zeid and Belmoktar have been killed "  it would be big news , " analyst says They became the two most powerful al Qaeda figures in the sub-Sahara If confirmed , their deaths would likely set back efforts by jihadists to wage a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the French
CNN  A woman who alleges she was gang-raped by three University of Oregon men 's basketball players in March has filed a Title IX lawsuit against the university and head men 's basketball coach Dana Altman . The civil suit was filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Eugene , Oregon . According to the suit , the woman , a university student , alleges that three Oregon men 's basketball players cornered her in a bathroom in March and gang-raped her multiple times . Prosecutors did not file charges against the men , citing insufficient evidence . The lawsuit says that Altman knew one of his players , Brandon Austin , had a history of prior sexual misconduct allegations at another school but that Altman recruited him to play for the Ducks anyway . Austin and two of his Ducks ' teammates were dismissed from the team in May . The teammates are not mentioned by name in the lawsuit . The lawsuit also alleges that Oregon took no action until May , when it initiated procedures against Austin and his two teammates . Title IX requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault , even if criminal charges are never filed . "  This is a very important case that needs to be litigated , " said John Clune , an attorney for the woman . "  It is time for athletic departments to stop trading the safety of women on campus for points on a scoreboard . The University of Oregon community deserves better , and we hope this case will help in that effort . " In an email to campus Thursday that also posted online , University of Oregon interim President Scott Coltrane acknowledged the lawsuit and said the filing is not unexpected . "  The university disagrees with the allegations against it and believes that it acted in accordance with the law , including Title IX , " Coltrane said . "  This litigation in no way undermines the university 's ongoing commitment to support the -LSB- student who says she was raped -RSB- inside and outside of the classroom . " CNN 's attempts to reach Altman , Austin 's attorney and representatives from his current school have been unsuccessful . In November 2013 , before the start of his freshman season at Providence College , Austin and another player were suspended from the basketball team indefinitely over allegations of a reported gang-rape of another Providence student . He ultimately was suspended for the season . Austin sought to transfer to resume his basketball career , going to Oregon . Prosecutors declined to press charges in the case . At the time , the Daily Emerald , student newspaper of the University of Oregon , reported that Laura Fine Moro , Austin 's attorney , said the lack of charges exonerated her client . "  The accusers are cloaked in anonymity while the accused are plastered across the Internet . Even though my client is exonerated in the eyes of the law , justice was not served , " she said , the newspaper reported . According to the lawsuit , Altman and other Oregon personnel knew about Austin 's background and basis for his seasonlong suspension . "  UO and Altman did not notify the UO students and community that UO and Altman had knowingly brought a reported sex offender to the UO campus in Eugene , " the lawsuit says . The three Oregon players were dismissed from the team in May and were suspended from the university for four to 10 years . Austin found a new team and is playing at Northwest Florida State College . He has started every game this season so far , and he is averaging 15.9 points per game . The filing of the lawsuit comes days before the Oregon football team will face Ohio State in the national championship game on Monday . It 's also the second Title IX lawsuit filed against a university this week . On Wednesday , a woman who accused Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston of raping her in 2012 filed a civil suit in U.S. District Court in Orlando against the university , alleging the school violated her rights under Title IX . Winston has said the two had consensual sex . Prosecutors declined to press charges and a university investigation found he did not violate the school 's code of student conduct .	Student files Title IX lawsuit against University of Oregon , head men 's basketball coach Dana Altman Woman alleges three basketball players gang-raped her , according to suit Interim school president : "  The university disagrees with the allegations against it "
CNN  -- Tom Wheeler 's Monday started with protesters , ended with protesters , and was punctuated with pressure from President Barack Obama in between . The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission tried to leave his house in the morning , but his driveway was blocked by a small group of demonstrators who urged him to adopt tighter net neutrality rules . At first Wheeler tried to play along by helping them hold up a sign that blares "  Save the Internet . " "  I 'm on your side , " he argued , saying he also believes in an open internet . But he could hardly get in a word in , as the protestors , affiliated with the group Popular Resistance , chanted and sang songs outside his house . Both sides claim they want a free and open Internet , but they disagree on just how to make that happen . The protesters want tighter regulations to ensure none of the major Internet providers get better access to websites and services than smaller competitors . Such access , also known as "  fast lanes , " has been supported by Wheeler in the past . "  I think you 've all made your points . Can I get out of my driveway now ? " Wheeler asked , saying that they were now violating his rights . "  It 's the only moral choice we have , " one of the protesters replied . Wheeler was more than familiar with the group . They had staged multiple protests earlier in the year outside of the FCC , including an event that they billed as a musical . After about five minutes Monday , Wheeler is seen stepping around the demonstrators , abandoning his car and seemingly heading to work by foot . Edward Wyatt , a New York Times reporter , tweeted that Wheeler took the metro . Wheeler 's office did not immediately return a request for comment about the group . Later Monday morning , in a surprise announcement , Obama made clear his own proposals for net neutrality , agreeing that there should n't be any fast lanes and calling for stricter regulations to keep things equal . Wheeler , in a written statement , said Obama 's plan was a "  welcome and important addition . " Encouraged by the president 's proposals , the protesters returned to Wheeler 's home Monday night . But this time the mood was a bit lighter . Margaret Flowers , organizer with Popular Resistance , told CNN that they "  decided to change the tone a little bit . " They gave Wheeler 's wife a bottle of wine , and politely urged the chairman to be their "  Internet hero " by adopting the President 's proposals . He was n't quite as eager to engage with the protesters as he was in the morning , but things still remained cordial . Flowers said she was surprised the police were n't called . After Wheeler went inside , there was more singing . The group plans to hold another event Thursday night by the FCC , Flowers said . Perhaps "  some sort of dance party , something more festive . "	Net neutrality protesters showed up at the home of FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler They came the same day as President Barack Obama made an announcement on the issue
MBOLA , Tanzania  CNN  -- Moved by a 2007 trip to Ghana , singer/songwriter John Legend joined the fight to end extreme poverty in his lifetime . And based on his experiences in poor , rural areas of Africa , he says , real change is possible . John Legend says "  Mama " Mwadawa Ruziga 's role in uplifting her community inspired him . "  I do n't want people to only see Africa as a bunch of victims , " Legend says . "  The people that I 've come across in these extremely impoverished villages , they want to work . They want to participate in their own development . " To help people lift themselves out of poverty , Legend founded the Show Me Campaign , named after one of his songs . Partnering with economist Jeffrey Sachs ' Millennium Promise organization , Legend 's group adopted Mbola , a remote village in Tanzania that has little access to drinking water and improved farming techniques , according to Millennium Promise . "  The folks in Mbola are starting at a supreme disadvantage . Most of them are living on less than a dollar a day , " Legend says . "  It 's difficult for them to even survive . " On his 2007 visit to Mbola , Legend met "  Mama " Mwadawa Ruziga , a single mother of two who was freeing herself from poverty . Her entrepreneurial spirit impressed Legend and solidified his belief that sustainable development at the community level can work in the fight against poverty . Ruziga leads a local business collective that sells products -- like wine , jam and juice -- that it makes out of indigenous fruits . "  I was really inspired by her willingness to not just wait for a handout , but really take an active role in helping to uplift her community , " he says . Through the Show Me Campaign , Legend has pledged to raise $ 1.5 million over five years to support programs similar to Ruziga 's that are aimed at alleviating poverty in Mbola . But this is not just about cutting a check , he says . "  You can always go in and bring an influx of money and address things temporarily . But if development 's not sustainable , then something 's wrong , " Legend says . "  This is about teaching them how to farm better , improving the education system , getting water pumps . The idea is that -LSB- the community -RSB- will continue to sustain themselves over time . " Before joining her collective , Ruziga , 47 , says her life was at an all-time low . For years , she suffered through malaria and droughts . "  The only thing I did was farming , then I would just sit idle with nothing to do . But after joining the group , my life changed for the better , slowly by slowly , " Ruziga says . In addition to agricultural processing , Ruziga 's group focuses on horticulture and tree planting . Ruziga herself has been instrumental to the success of the group , traveling to trade shows in the Tanzanian cities of Tabora and Dar es Salaam to sell their products . "  Our group has spread to other areas of Tanzania , and we 've experienced great success because many people have come to know about us , " Ruziga says . Watch Legend talk about meeting Ruziga , and see her group making products " Six different villages have adopted the group 's successful model . "  I think she 's a great example of someone who 's given the tools to succeed , having the energy , having the follow-through , having the leadership skills to go ahead and do it , " Legend says . Not only has Ruziga 's group changed her own life , but other members ' lives have also improved . This is the first time that some of them have ever earned an income . "  Now they are more educated than before , " Ruziga says . "  The group provides them with a platform to exchange and explore ideas , and the revenue collected enables the members to cater for their basic needs . " Ruziga believes that the future depends on women taking an active role in their future and says her community is happy with the help and encouragement Legend offers them . For Legend , Ruziga 's passion is inspiring and motivating . Watch Legend visit with Ruziga and her group during his trip to Mbola " "  Mama Ruziga is an example of someone who is personally taking her destiny in her hands , and the destiny of her community into her hands . She is a leader , she 's inspirational , and she 's one of my heroes . "	Legend 's hero , "  Mama " Mwadawa Ruziga , is lifting herself and others from poverty They met when the singer/songwriter visited Tanzania on an anti-poverty campaign Ruziga leads a business collective that makes products from local fruits , sells them This is the first time some members of her group have ever earned an income
CNN  -- Gunfire struck nine people on Bourbon Street in New Orleans early Sunday , police spokesman Frank Robertson said . The shooting happened at 2:45 a.m. in the French Quarter . Initial reports had indicated that seven people were injured in the incident . Superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department Ronal Serpas said Sunday that the shooting may have occurred due to a heated exchange between two young men . "  Right now , we believe they did exchange gunfire , " he said at a press conference . "  Those two young men choose to hurt each other and put other people at risk . " The victims were taken to two different hospitals in the area . Two of the victims are in critical condition , Serpas said . The other seven are in stable condition and suffered non-life-threatening injuries , Robertson said . Additional information on the victims has not been released so far , but Serpas said some of them were not from New Orleans . Investigators are reviewing evidence and surveillance video , but have not established a motive for the shooting . Police are urging neighboring businesses and any eyewitnesses to turn in video or evidence that might help them catch those responsible for the shooting , according to Serpas . "  This is a heinous crime . These are two young men , both armed with firearms , who chose to settle a dispute between themselves without a moment 's care for anyone else , " Serpas said . "  I hope that they are listening . I hope that their friends are listening . I hope their moms and them are listening . " The 700 block , where the shooting occurred , is a popular gathering place for tourists and revelers , where many of them pack bars and clubs between St. Peter and St. Ann Streets . Crowds often spill into the streets . The scene is around the corner from other famed attractions , such as jazz concert venue Preservation Hall and the popular bar Pat O'Brien 's . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Patrick Cornell contributed to this story .	NEW : Police believe two young men are responsible for the shooting NEW : Police say some victims in the tourist-area shooting are not from New Orleans A total of nine people were shot during the incident Two people are in critical condition after late-night shooting in French Quarter
CNN  -- Real Madrid duly took advantage of Barcelona 's latest slip-up to return to the top of La Liga after a routine 3-0 win over Levante in the Bernabeu Sunday . The mid-table visitors ended the match with 10 men after David Navarro was sent off in the second half for a foul on Cristiano Ronaldo , but they were well beaten even before he saw red . Ronaldo had put Real ahead after 11 minutes before defender Marcelo put the home side two up just after halftime . An own goal from Nikos Karabelas completed Levante 's miserable evening . The victory put Carlo Ancelotti 's men three points clear of city rivals Atletico . Defending champions Barca lost 1-0 to struggling Valladolid Saturday and trail by four in third place , making this month 's El Clasico clash with Real all the more important . Real have not lost since a 2-1 league reverse to Barcelona in October as their goalscoring trio of Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale have found the net on a regular basis . Ronaldo showed his heading qualities by rising to meet Angel di Maria 's corner to put Real ahead before Benzema hit the post . Marcelo 's superlative curling effort on 49 minutes all but settled the affair before Navarro , who was once banned for seven months after a notorious Champions League brawl when playing for Valencia , got his marching orders for the seventh time in his career . Marcelo also had a hand in the final goal as Karabelas turned the defender 's cross into his own goal and there was just time for Ronaldo to thump the woodwork as he sought a second . Ancelotti was delighted as his team continued to mount a strong challenge on all fronts . "  We had the same intensity and concentration in the last few games , " he told Real 's official website . "  We played well from the first minute til the last ; very efficient and with security at the back . The match was very good , " he added . In Italy , Juventus have one hand on the Serie A title again after a 1-0 win over Fiorentina -- their 14th straight home league win . Ghana 's Kwadwo Asamoah struck a stunning winner just before the break , finding space before sending a rocket shot into the top corner . It was reward for Juve 's dominance against opponents they will meet again in the Europa League last 16 . Fiorentina might have leveled after the interval as substitute Ryder Matos headed against the crossbar from close range , but Juventus were deserved winners . It left them 14 points clear of Roma , who lost 1-0 to third-placed Napoli in the late kickoff , with former Real Madrid forward Jose Callejon heading in a late winner .	Real Madrid beat Levante 3-0 in La Liga Los Blancos three points clear at the top Cristiano Ronaldo scored the opener in Bernabeu Juventus maintain big lead in Serie A
London  CNN  -- Six months to the day before Opening Ceremonies , builders have handed the Olympic Village over to the London 2012 organizers . The first of 16,000 beds have been delivered as organizers start to fit out the rooms . "  We are starting the huge process to install essential facilities and services ready to welcome competitors from around the world in six months ' time , " Sebastian Coe , chairman of the London 2012 Organizing Committee said in a press release issued early Friday . The beds will soon be joined by 11,000 sofas and even 5,000 toilet brushes , say organizers . The Summer Games run from July 27 through August 12 . Olympic Village , a huge housing complex of some 2,800 apartments within walking distance of the stadium in East London , has already been sold as part of the post-games legacy plans . Nearly 1,400 of the apartments were sold in 2009 for $ 400 million and will be rented by local governments for subsidized housing . The remainder was sold to a consortium , including the Qatari government , as part of a $ 800 million deal to own and manage the entire village . Local campaigners have pushed for more of the apartments to be social housing as part of the organizer 's pledge to regenerate the area post-games . The original plan was for the developer Lend Lease to raise the funding privately to build the village , but the work started in 2008 at the height of the financial crisis . The government decided instead to the foot the reported $ 1.6 billion bill and is unlikely to recoup the entire cost of the housing . The complex will be known as East Village once it is turned over to renters and homeowners .	Olympic Village in London ready for next phase Games organizers will install facilities and services The Summer Games are scheduled to begin July 27
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's disapproval rating has reached a new high of 55 % while the number of Americans who think he is a strong leader has dropped to a new low , 48 % , according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday . And a familiar pattern in public opinion on Obama again asserts itself : Americans do n't like his track record on major issues while they continue to like him personally . Nearly eight in 10 respondents say Obama is likeable ; large majorities believe he is compassionate , hard-working , and has a vision for the country 's future . Three-quarters think he fights for his beliefs . But only 39 % approve of how he is handling unemployment , and just 36 % approve of the way he is handling the economy , not surprising when more than eight in 10 think the economy is in poor shape . Opinion on Obama 's economic track record is mixed , however . While fewer than one in 10  9 %  think his policies have made the economy better , about four in 10  39 %  credit them with preventing the economy from being even worse than it is today . On the other side , 37 % say Obama has made economic conditions worse . Fifteen percent think his policies have had no effect . Overall , 55 % now say they disapprove of how he is handling his job as president . That 's one point higher than the 54 % disapproval rating he routinely hit in polls taken in July and August . Forty-three percent now say they approve of how Obama is handling his job overall . That is not an all-time low for him ; he hit 42 % a year ago . Six in 10 say Obama has fallen short of their expectations . Those numbers are not great , but they 're way better than the 15 % who approve of how Congress is handling its job . One piece of good news for Obama is that his standing among the Democratic base has turned the corner after a drop in the wake of the debt ceiling agreement . The number of Democrats who wanted the party to renominate Obama dropped to an all-time low of 70 % in early August , but it rose to 72 % in the previous poll and 76 % in the current survey . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International September 9-11 , with 1,038 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . The sampling error for the question asked only of Democrats is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .	Overall , 55 % of Americans say they disapprove of how Obama is doing as president 39 % think Obama 's policies kept the economy from getting worse ; 9 % say they made it better 37 % think his policies have made the economy worse
Nigeria has reached a ceasefire agreement with the Islamist terror group Boko Haram that includes the release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls , Nigerian officials said Friday . The deal came Thursday night after a month of negotiations with representatives of the group , said Hassan Tukur , principal secretary to President Goodluck Jonathan . "  We have agreed on the release of the Chibok schoolgirls , and we expect to conclude on that at our next meeting with the group 's representative next week in Chad , " Tukur said . Officials provided few details about the release . Doyin Okupe , a government spokesman , did not specify when the girls would be freed . He said not all would be let go at once , but a "  significant number " would be released soon . "  A batch of them will be released shortly , and this will be followed by further actions from Boko Haram , " he said . "  It is a process . ... It is not a question of hours and days . " The Nigerian government consented to some demands by Boko Haram , but Okupe declined to provide details . The government , he said , "  is looking beyond the girls . We want to end the insurgency in this country . " "  On the war front , " he added , "  we can say there is peace now . " The agreement was first reported by Agence France-Presse . What is Boko Haram ? The terrorist group abducted an estimated 276 girls in April from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . Nigerian officials met with Boko Haram in Chad twice during talks mediated by Chadian President Idriss Deby , according to Tukur . "  The group has shown willingness to abide by the agreement which it demonstrated with the release of the Chinese and Cameroonian hostages few days ago , " Tukur said . In cross-border attacks by Boko Haram this week , eight Cameroonian soldiers and 107 group members were killed in heavy fighting that lasted two days in northern Cameroon , the country 's defense ministry said Friday , according to state broadcaster CRTV . The militants led an incursion near Limani , close to the border with Nigeria , on Wednesday , equipped with heavy weapons , including at least one tank , CRTV said , citing information from the defense ministry . The fighting lasted two hours and resumed on Thursday , when Cameroonian soldiers forced the militants back across the border into Nigeria . Seven Cameroonian soldiers were injured . A Boko Haram tank and other vehicles were destroyed and weapons and ammunition were seized by Cameroonian forces , according to CRTV . A source involved in talks with the militants told CNN last month that Nigerian government officials and the International Committee of the Red Cross had discussions with Boko Haram about swapping imprisoned members of the group for the more than 200 schoolgirls . It is unclear , however , whether the deal includes a prisoner swap . Where are the missing girls ? The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The militant group is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , the most populous country in Africa . In recent years , its attacks have intensified in an apparent show of defiance amid the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the Nigerian government . The militant group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . The group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Boko Haram was founded 12 years ago by Mohammed Yusuf , a charismatic cleric who called for a pure Islamic state in Nigeria . Police killed him in 2009 in an incident captured on video and posted to the Internet .	"  On the war front , we can say there is peace now , " government spokesman says Nigeria and Boko Haram have agreed to a ceasefire The deal includes the release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls The agreement was reached Thursday after talks in Chad between the two groups
Mafia killings do n't typically shock Italians -- as disturbing as the occasional hit may be , the tragedy usually affects only friends and families of the victims . But a coldblooded , point-blank killing this month in southern Italy has a nation grieving -- for a 3-year-old child . Nicola "  Coco " Campolongo was shot in the head along with his grandfather , Giuseppe Iannicelli , and his grandfather 's 27-year-old companion -- victims of an apparent mob hit over money . Their bodies were found January 19 in a burned-out Fiat Punto on the outskirts of Cosenza , in southern Italy 's Calabria region . Iannicelli , who was serving a drug-related sentence on house arrest , appeared to be the target of the hit . "  In all my years investigating organized crime murders , none has been as horrific as this one , " lead prosecutor Franco Giacomantonio told CNN . "  It is unimaginable that a child can be made to pay for the crimes of his parents . " The killing even caught the attention of Pope Francis , who called Coco 's death "  unprecedented . " He asked worshippers at his Sunday address to say a prayer for Coco and called on the boy 's killers to repent for their crimes . Coco 's 24-year-old mother , Antonia Iannicelli , did n't attend her son 's funeral . She 's serving a four-year jail sentence for the possession and sale of drugs . Police feared members of the powerful ` Ndrangheta crime organization -- believed to be behind the killings -- would target Iannicelli if she attended . Her two other children , ages 4 and 5 , were moved to protective custody in another region of Italy . Iannicelli will be allowed to serve out the rest of her sentence on house arrest with her surviving children . The killing of such a young child has sparked debate in Italy about how to protect children growing up in the shadow of the country 's crime syndicates in the impoverished south . Coco was just an infant when his mother began serving her jail sentence . On Tuesday , Francesco Talarico , head of the regional government in Calabria , wrote a letter to the president of Italy 's national observatory of the rights of minors , urging the group to "  lift the veil of silence " that often accompanies mafia crimes , and to "  seriously investigate what can be done to protect the future of at-risk children like Coco . " Coco 's mother was already serving her second prison term for drug crimes tied to ` Ndrangheta -- one of the most powerful organized crime syndicates in the world , according to Francesco Forgione , head of Italy 's Parliamentary anti-Mafia Commission . "  Coco 's mother is the first victim of the system , " Talarico told CNN . "  Her son had little chance to escape that life . " In the wake of Coco 's killing , Interior Minister Alfano Angelino and National Police Chief Alessandro Pansa signed an emergency protocol in the child 's name to ensure the protection of children 's rights . "  We need ... to make sure the protocol does not forget children who are growing up in vulnerable situations outside the law , who may be victims or witnesses to crimes . We need to make sure Coco is the last child ever killed like this , " Pansa said . No suspects have been named in the triple homicide , but Giacomantonio believes it is likely connected to the region 's drug trade . Would the Mafia target Pope Francis over Vatican reforms ?	Nicola "  Coco " Campolongo was shot and killed last week His grandfather and grandfather 's companion were also killed The boy 's death has shocked the country , even catching the attention of Pope Francis
Maj. Gen. Ralph Baker , commander of the Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa , was fired March 28 , according to a Washington Defense official . The command is headquartered in Djibouti and runs U.S. military operations in East Africa , including some counterterrorism operations . Baker , a two-star general , is appealing the firing , which was ordered by his boss , Gen. Carter Ham , the commanding general of all U.S. military operations across Africa . He was relieved of his duty for loss of confidence , three Defense officials told CNN . It 's the second embarrassing dismissal of a high ranking officer involved in the U.S. military hierarchy in Africa in five months . Gen. William "  Kip " Ward , the first four-star general to command U.S. military operations in Africa , was demoted for excessive spending from duty at U.S. Africa Command  Africom  . He lost one star and retired a lieutenant general . Ward used his rank to shuttle his wife on shopping sprees , enjoyed a lavish beachfront trip and once accepted a Defense contractor 's gift of going backstage to meet actor Denzel Washington .	The general was fired for loss of confidence It 's the second dismissal since November from U.S. commands in Africa In November another general was demoted for accepting favors
CNN  -- Cape Verde has seen its hopes of qualifying for a first football World Cup dashed after the sport 's global governing body FIFA punished the African country for fielding a suspended player . FIFA ruled on Thursday that Cape Verde 's Fernando Varela had played in a qualifying match while serving a suspension for unsporting conduct . Varela played in a match against Tunisia in September which Cape Verde won 2-0 . The result has now been officially reclassified as a 3-0 win for Tunisia . The decision means Tunisia have finished above Cape Verde in African qualifying Group B and will take its place in the forthcoming playoff matches to decide which five teams from the continent will qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . "  By means of a telephone conference , the FIFA Disciplinary Committee has today taken a decision to sanction the Cape Verdean Football Association  FCF  for fielding an ineligible player , " read a FIFA statement . "  The match has been declared to be forfeited and awarded 3-0 in favor of Tunisia , meaning that the Cape Verde Islands will not progress to round three of the FIFA World Cup African zone qualifiers having dropped to second place in Group B with nine points while Tunisia finish first with 14 points and will now advance . " The decision is a major blow for Cape Verde , which has only ever played in one major international tournament . The Blue Sharks qualified for this year 's Africa Cup of Nations , reaching the quarterfinals in South Africa before losing to Ghana .	Cape Verde will not play in the football World Cup following a FIFA sanction Governing body ruled the African country played an ineligible player against Tunisia Cape Verde won the match 2-0 , but result has been reclassified as 3-0 Tunisia win Sanction means Tunisia replace Cape Verde in the African World Cup playoffs
CNN  -- Dustin Johnson clinched the opening PGA Tour title of 2013 after holding off a final round challenge from fellow American Steve Stricker at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii . The season 's curtain-raiser pitted 30 winners from 2012 against each other , but play was delayed by three days as high winds and torrential rain battered the Kapalua resort and caused the event to be reduced to just three rounds . World No. 12 Johnson , three shots clear of defending champion Stricker heading into the final day , carded a five-under-par 68 to finish 16 under for tournament . Stricker , one place behind Johnson in the world rankings , had a putt to draw level with Johnson at the 13th but he missed and his rival carded an eagle at the 14th to move into an unassailable four-stroke lead . "  It gives me a lot of confidence going into this year , " Johnson told the Tour 's official website after becoming the first player since Tiger Woods to win a PGA Tour title in each of his first six seasons out of college . Stricker started the day in confident mood , but his slip at the 13th proved decisive as he eventually finished 12 under following a bogey-free round of 69 . "  I actually thought , as we started the round today , I could really put some serious pressure on this guy because I 'm going to hit first every time to the green , " said the 45-year-old , who is 90 under for his last 20 rounds at the Hawaii course . "  I had an opportunity , which is why we play is to have that opportunity to try to win . I had some chances today . "  I had some chances to put some pressure on early . Missed some putts there early in the round that could have made a difference , maybe not , but who knows-type thing . " Johnson and Stricker 's 2012 U.S. Ryder Cup teammate Brandt Snedeker carded a 69 to finish 10 under , one shot clear of reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson  71  and 2011 PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley  70  . World No. 31 Rickie Fowler finished on eight under after a stunning six-under-par 67 . The American was forced to start the tournament three times after wind halted his first two attempts . Englishman Ian Poulter , one of the heroes of Europe 's remarkable comeback victory against the U.S. in the September 's Ryder Cup , finished five under after closing with a 69 . The 2012 PGA Championship winner Webb Simpson was four under for the following a final round 71 .	Dustin Johnson finishes 16 under to clinch weather-effected Tournament of Champions The American finished four strokes clear of compatriot Steve Striker Strong winds and torrential rain meant the event in Hawaii was reduced to three rounds The tournament is the first of the 2013 PGA Tour season
CNN  -- The death toll rose to 13 and number of injured increased to 154 after a truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession exploded Friday in the central Mexican city of Nativitas , government news agency Notimex reported . The explosion occurred when one of the fireworks went astray and landed in the truck carrying "  a significant amount " of other fireworks , Notimex said . The injured persons were being taken to several area hospitals , Mateo Morales Baez told Notimex . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report	NEW : 154 people were injured , government news agency says A truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession explodes in Mexico One firework went astray and landed in the truck
CNN  -- From hot air balloon to hang-gliding operators , plenty of airborne adventure outfits promise to let you "  soar with the birds . " Few , however , deliver on the claim quite as literally or dramatically as Nepal 's Parahawking Project . An activity in which humans fly alongside beautiful Egyptian vultures , parahawking is one of the more sensational flight experiences on the planet . Flights take off from the lakeside town of Pokhara -- a jumping off point for whitewater rafting , mountain biking and other adventure activities in the Nepal 's Annapurna region . Thanks to the perennial presence of thermal gusts of air , traditional paragliding is an established and popular activity in the Pokhara Valley . Many paragliding outfits operate tandem flights in the area . But only the Parahawking Project offers two flight companions -- mine were named "  Scott " and "  Kevin . " Scott Mason was my human guide . Like most Egyptian vultures , Kevin , did n't say much , but was extremely handsome , with sharp eyes and an adorable spiked hairdo . The founder of Nepal 's Parahawking Project , Mason employs two Egyptian vultures , his preferred breeds in the air , to accompany paragliders in flight .  Kevin 's feathered colleague is named "  Bob . " Inspiration strikes over beers Like other birds , Egyptian vultures conserve energy while flying by seeking "  thermals " -- rising currents of warm air that occur when the sun heats the ground . Thermals are also important to paragliders , who use them to stay aloft for longer periods of time . Parahawking involves using trained birds to locate thermals . Human paragliders follow the birds as they fly , rewarding the birds with a piece of meat after they 've been guided to a thermal . "  The birds land on the passengers ' gloved hand for an inflight reward , " according to the Parahawking Project website . The idea of using vultures to lead paragliders first came to Mason in 2001 . Mason says inspiration struck over beers with the man who kick-started Nepal 's paragliding industry . "  The more beers we had , the better the idea seemed , " he says . "  Luckily , it still seemed like a good plan in the morning . " Taking flight Though a few other operators around the world have begun offering parahawking flights , Mason , who says he 's always been "  a bird guy , " says his project is the original . In the eight years since the tandem flights with vultures took off , Mason has had a number of interesting experiences . One involved a client with no arms for the birds to land on -- a fact the man failed to mention until go time . Then there was the vegan who decided , after jumping , that she could n't bear to touch the buffalo bait . The best part of the job "  is when a passenger is reduced to tears as the bird comes and lands on their arm during a flight , " says Mason . Magical experience Standing on a cliff on a sunny morning , Mason hands me a long leather glove . This will be Kevin 's perch when he alights midair on my arm . His motivation will be the raw buffalo meat tucked into my fist . The whole parahawking experience , which lasts about 30 minutes , is surreal . With 8,000-meter , snow-capped peaks reflecting in the lake below , the views from the sky are phenomenal . When Kevin finds us a strong thermal , we quickly follow and ascend , and then he 's called over for a reward . Sheer joy overwhelms the senses when sharing the skies with a bird at 2,000-plus meters . The concept is simple , the feeling magical . Conservation efforts In Pokhara , parahawking is roughly twice the price of a standard tandem paragliding session . From the â ‚ ¬ 125  $ 170  parahawking fee , however , 1,000 Nepalese rupees  about $ 10.50  are donated to vulture conservation projects in Nepal . Parahawking is just part of Mason 's mission to educate people on the value of vultures and threats posed to their existence . He 's also helped established the Ghachok Vulture Restaurant , a community-managed safe vulture feeding site near Pokhara . Tourists sign up with the "  restaurant " and those lucky enough to receive a forthright "  cow dead " text are invited to see the birds devour a carcass . The parahawking season runs from about October to April . Bookings are made through the Parahawking Project website or at the Blue Sky Paragliding office in Pokhara . The Parahawking Project , Maya Devi Village , Lakeside , Pokhara , Nepal ; +977 98066 47917 Brandi Goode is a freelance writer based in Tokyo .	In parahawking , Egyptian vultures guide paragliders to sky "  thermals " Paragliders hold raw buffalo meat in their fists to reward the birds for guiding them With each flight , about $ 10.50 is donated to vulture conservation projects in Nepal
BUCHAREST , Romania  Reuters  -- In the mobile phone version of the "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " video game , the torches hanging along the dark walls of Hogwarts glow in an eerily realistic fashion . Romania is known for its strong computing and language skills coupled with cheap labor . "  We invented the technology , it 's called ` dynamic lighting ' , " said Mihai Pohontu , general manager of Romania 's mobile phone branch of Electronic Arts Inc , the world 's biggest video game publisher . Romanian programmers , such as Pohontu 's team , are among the most sought-after in the world as large international IT companies turn to the east European country to take advantage of strong computing and language skills coupled with cheap labor . Its computer literacy is not without its dark side -- the country has an unenviable reputation as a hotbed for computer fraud and a large community of hackers . But legitimate IT is one of Romania 's fastest growing export sectors with turnover of about 1 billion euros  $ 1.38 billion  . Roughly 90 percent of some 1,000 IT companies in Romania are foreign-owned and the government hopes exports will reach 1 billion euros in the next couple of years . In February , Bill Gates opened a Microsoft Corp. technical support center in Bucharest . The investment followed , among others , the launch of a development center by Amazon.com Inc in the university town of Iasi in 2005 . That is the online retailer 's only software development hub in Europe besides one in Scotland 's Edinburgh . Other centers are located in India , the United States and South Africa . "  Romanian programmers are exceptionally creative . And in games , you need to explore , " said Pohontu . Prospects for large cash inflows from the European Union after Romania joined the bloc this January , cut-rate taxes and low wages add to Romania 's appeal . "  In Eastern Europe , Romania is appreciated as having the biggest growth potential together with Turkey and Russia , " said Stefan Cojanu , head of Oracle Corp in Romania . The software maker , which has a support and software development center in Romania , has doubled its local staff to 1,000 over the last year since opening a tower office in central Bucharest . It plans to hire an additional 500 employees . "  The geographical distance , the similar time zone and business mentality argue for us to develop our activities in a country where costs are also lower , " Cojanu said . Romania 's low wages of around $ 600 a month compare with $ 1,050 in Poland and $ 950 in the Czech Republic . Both countries also attract hefty investment in the IT sector . However , some see a risk the sector is overheating . Double-digit wage growth and a shortage of skilled labor is dampening the enthusiasm of some investors and Romania is struggling with emigration as workers leave for better pay . "  The battle for specialists is very intense , " said Ana Ber , head of human resources firm Dr.Pendl & Dr.Piswanger . "  There are n't enough of them , especially as many emigrated . " Industry observers say this state of affairs has prompted companies to focus on building support or software development centers , which need cheaper and lower skilled labor , rather than hiring high-end programmers . "  Romania remains good for outsourcing but not for first-class software authors , " said Dragos Stanescu , sales and marketing manager at GECAD , a Romanian company that sold RAV Antivirus technology to Microsoft in 2003 . "  The brains are already with companies that have good salaries and it is costly to buy them . A good senior programmer can earn 2,000 euros gross a month . Plus a 30 percent raise to buy him , and you have a salary of a good programmer in Germany . " FBI data show Romania may be the biggest single source of online auction fraud in the world , a multi-million dollar industry that scams people using Web sites like eBay . "  It 's highly organized . They create fake accounts to trick people into thinking they are insured , " said Gary Dickson , FBI representative in Romania . "  If Romanians were stopped , the amount of online fraud would drop significantly . " Experts say some 70 percent of software used in Romania is pirated , and salesmen still visit office buildings in central Bucharest to sell pirated CDs and DVDs . Some hackers hope their skills will help secure employment , although breaking into other people 's networks for fame or as part of a job CV has its dangers . "  The Romanian hacking community is quite large . They see the computer as a ticket out of the country . It is the easiest way to get a better-paid job abroad , " said Victor Faur . He faces a potential 54-year jail term if convicted on charges of hacking into U.S. government computers , including NASA . He was indicted in 2006 . "  I saw a computer for the first time when I was 14 . And I was glued  to it  , " said Faur , 23 . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Romania is known for strong computing and language skills and cheap labor Electronic Arts has a mobile phone branch in Bucharest Microsoft opened a technical support center in Bucharest in February
CNN  -- It takes a real man to make the moves on the wife of the most powerful man in the biggest country in the world . Especially when the wife is a civilian major general , her husband is sitting next to her , at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing , hobnobbing with the President of the United States and the entire event is being televised . But if 2014 has taught us anything it is that Vladimir Putin is a real man . From grabbing Crimea to finagling a featured role in the Olympic opening ceremonies for his gymnast girlfriend , he has flexed his political muscles as often as his pecs , and according to The Guardian newspaper has become "  a heart-throb among many Chinese women for his macho , man-of-action image . " And the social media-obsessed hordes on the Internet loved it . They loved him draping a shawl over the chilly shoulders of Peng Liyuan on Monday . They loved her taking it . They loved that China 's censors later concluded it did n't show their leader , President Xi Jinping , in a good light as a husband  too inattentive  and decided to block the footage within China . Never mind Ebola , ISIS , a historic greenhouse gas deal reached between China and the United States , or anything else about the actual meeting of world leaders that Putin , Xi and President Barack Obama were attending . This small act of courtesy by the scourge of Crimea showed him as adept at grabbing headlines as he is neighboring territories . What does Putin know that others , like Obama , for whom the China meeting is more of a respite from the news than a high-profile visit , do not ? Perhaps it is that the viewing public is essentially an adolescent boy . Or more properly , the audiences of the world are -- despite cultural and demographic differences -- pretty much just like the idiots that sat in the back of your eighth-grade history class snoozing through the substance but tittering through anything off-color and titillated by explosion , fights and mayhem . It used to be said that your better newspapers were written to be readable at an eighth-grade reading level . Nowadays in the world of immersive social media , 140-character tweets and never-ending video from smartphones and live feeds worldwide , what does reading have to do with it . The audience giggles and laughs for the same reason they did in Miss Groenwald 's class . Because everyone else was doing it . How else do you explain that television producers and Web pundits thought that one subject worthy of debate was a video showing Obama chewing gum at the same APEC meeting in Beijing . Trade talks ? Please . The President appeared undignified to some Chinese observers with a taste for the trivial . Said one Chinese social media commentator , "  We made this meeting so luxurious , with singing and dancing , but see Obama , stepping out of his car chewing gum like an idler . " Needless to say , some of America 's more right-wing news organizations picked up on the story because it showed Obama in a bad light -- as if plunging popularity ratings and a drubbing in the polls were not enough . Ha . The teacher 's socks do n't match , Mindy has last year 's backpack . That 's way more important than , like , geopolitics . This is not entirely new . When George H.W. Bush threw up on the Prime Minister of Japan on a trip awhile back or when Gerald Ford stumbled down a flight of stairs even longer ago , the gaffes became memes , defining these two notable public servants more so than many of their biggest accomplishments . But in recent years , the frequency and ridiculousness of the incidents seem to have accelerated . Whether it is George W. Bush massaging German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's shoulders at a summit , or Obama grabbing a selfie with Denmark 's attractive Prime Minister at a memorial service for Nelson Mandela , to the apparent displeasure of Michelle Obama , world leader outtakes have become pure click bait . Which is why tonight when you turn on the news , some of it is likely to look a lot like "  The Global Elite 's Funniest Home Videos . " But as you gawk and click and click again , remember it 's not the media that are at fault . It 's you . You 're the one who chose to sit in the back of the class with the other nitwits .	David Rothkopf : It takes a real man , Putin , to "  make moves " on China leader 's wife at APEC Putin put shawl on her , and media went nuts because public is an adolescent boy , he says Forget climate deal , ISIS , Ebola , he says , when focus is on Obama chewing gum Rothkopf : These nonevents have increased in recent years , and we 're to blame
