CNN  -- It would be dishonest to say that 2014 has been a good year for women . We looked in disbelief as a terrorist group in Syria and Iraq turned women into slaves , and another radical group in Nigeria captured hundreds of female students and disappeared with them . But 2014 was also a year in which many women fought back and inspired the world with their bravery and savvy . They taught us that the stakes are high and the road to a better future is fraught with difficulties , but with strength and dignity , we can get there . Here are some of the women who in 2014 stared down the odds , helped change history , or changed our perceptions . 1 . Vian Dakhil and the Kobani women who fought ISIS The most enduring and inspiring images of 2014 come from the besieged city of Kobani , the Kurdish town on Syria 's border with Turkey where ISIS , also known as the Islamic State , met unexpectedly fierce resistance . ISIS militants , who have brutalized girls and women , knew they would face opposition but did not expect Kobani 's defending army to include large numbers of women . Women make up about one-third of Kobani 's defenders and are part of a dramatic effort by female residents in Iraq and Syria to turn the tide against ISIS 's misogynistic extremists . It was Vian Dakhil who captured the world 's attention by telling her fellow members of the Iraqi parliament about the impending genocide of the Yazidis . There were also women in Mosul , Iraq , who gave their lives fighting against ISIS in other ways . Their collective message ? They would do everything possible to stop ISIS from reviving the practice of selling women into slavery . 2 . Josephine Finda Sellu and Kaci Hickox took on Ebola International attention on Ebola -- and panic that it will spread in the West -- has waned . But the battle to stop Ebola in West Africa continues , and the front lines are guarded by women , mostly nurses risking their lives to care for the ill . The story of Sierra Leone 's Josephine Finda Sellu , showed the incredible courage and commitment of the task . She recalled more than a dozen nurses in her staff already dead , wondering how many more would perish . Most of those fighting the disease are Africans , but Western volunteers have joined , also doing heroic work . They included Kaci Hickox , a Maine nurse who found herself at the center of a politicized dispute when she returned home . Hickox refused to allow politicians and public health officials give in to public fears . By refusing to sit quietly in an airport isolation tent , and later in home quarantine , she forced Americans to look more clearly at the risks and helped put an end to the overblown panic . 3 . Oby Ezekwesili helped rally the world to #BringBackOurGirls When hundreds of Nigerian girls were kidnapped by Boko Haram , the Islamist radical group , Nigerian women needed help to resolve the crisis . Oby Ezekwesili was one of the key figures who helped launch a viral campaign , #BringBackOurGirls , that took the Twitterati by storm and got the world 's attention . Some of the girls managed to escape , and bravely told the horrifying story of their captivity . The threat from Boko Haram is no longer secret . Neglect by the central government is harder to conceal , and the search is not over . Hope for their return is not lost . 4 . Malala Yousafzai won the Nobel Prize When it comes to defying those who would stop women 's equality , the foremost icon is Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban to stop her efforts to help girls attain education . Malala survived and kept up her mission . She and Kailash Satyarthi , an Indian children 's rights advocate , won the Nobel Peace prize together . She is the youngest person in history to win the award . 5 . Barbara Bowman , Joan Tarshis and others came out against Cosby More than a dozen women have come out accusing Bill Cosby , a beloved television personality , of sexual assault and rape . Women such as Barbara Bowman , Joan Tarshis , Janice Dickinson , Judy Huth and others . Perhaps what 's most surprising is that these accusations are not new but that the world had not taken them seriously . Nothing has been proved in a court of law , but the women , whose voices are finally being heard , have created an important zeitgeist moment . Sexual assault by anyone , even powerful people , is simply not acceptable . These women are breaking down the barriers for others to come out and tell their stories . 6 . Minal Sampath and fellow space explorers boosted India When Indian scientists and engineers put a rocket into orbit around Mars , mission control exploded into cheers . Among them were scores of women in colorful saris . India 's space program is drawing worldwide accolades , and many of the people responsible for its success are Indian women . Bravo ! 7 . Shonda Rhimes and Julianna Margulies are changing prime time For decades , women were relegated largely to supporting role on U.S. television . That has changed , with strong women now playing the lead in several prime time shows . The small screen is suddenly filled with powerful , multidimensional characters -- women whose lives are not centered on the men in their lives . There 's Olivia Pope , the lead character played by Kerry Washington in "  Scandal , " from producer Shonda Rhimes . There 's Alicia Florrick , played by Julianna Margulies in "  The Good Wife , " from producers Robert and Michelle King . And there 's Elizabeth Faulkner McCord , played by Tea Leoni , in "  Madam Secretary , " a show created by Barbara Hall . The landscape of television is being transformed -- we now have new role models not to mention more interesting programming . 8 . Taylor Swift and Sofia Vergara know how to build empires Women may have performed for a long time , but the phenomenon of women taking charge of their careers and building empires is newer . Talented , entrepreneurial women are creating entertainment empires with themselves at the center . This year , Taylor Swift seemed to have been everywhere while her album is the biggest of the year in copies sold . Meanwhile , Sofia Vergara remains the highest paid actress on TV for a third year in a row . They have become powerhouses , expanding their reach and their influence .	Frida Ghitis : 2014 is a year in which many women fought back against injustices The women who make up the army defending Kobani , Iraq , are brave to take on ISIS Malala , an advocate for girls ' education , became the youngest person to win the Noble Prize Josephine Finda Sellu was incredibly courageous to help Sierra Leone fight Ebola
CNN  -- Federal officials have opened a civil rights investigation into a police narcotics raid on the home of a Maryland mayor in which police burst in without knocking and shot the mayor 's two dogs to death . Mayor Cheye Calvo of Berwyn Heights , Maryland , and his mother-in-law were handcuffed and forced to kneel on the floor during the July 29 raid , which police said was part of an investigation into a scheme in which drugs apparently were sent to unsuspecting people . Prince George 's County police , who were in charge of the raid , issued a statement Friday clearing the couple of involvement and expressing "  regret . " The FBI and the U.S. attorney 's office in Maryland are investigating the incident , FBI spokesman Richard Wolf said Friday . Calvo had asked for the federal investigation . "  We lost our family dogs , " he said Thursday . "  We did it at the hands of sheriff 's deputies who burst through our front door , rifles blazing . " Watch the mayor 's description of the raid " According to The Associated Press , two men , including a FedEx deliveryman , have been arrested in the case . Police said the scheme involved shipping drugs to unsuspecting people 's homes and intercepting the packages . About $ 3.6 million in marijuana had been seized , police told the AP . In this instance , investigators told the AP , a package containing 32 pounds of marijuana was sent from Los Angeles , California , to Calvo 's house in Berwyn Heights , a town of 3,000 residents 10 miles from Washington . The package was addressed to his Calvo 's wife , Trinity Tomsic . In transit , a drug-sniffing dog in Arizona brought attention to the package , investigators told the AP . Police intercepted it when it arrived in Maryland , and it was delivered to the Calvo home by an undercover officer , according to the AP report . In a statement released Friday , Prince George 's County Police Chief Melvin High said he called Calvo on Thursday to tell him that in screening the case with the state 's attorney 's office , "  it was concluded that Ms. Tomsic and the Calvo family were innocent victims of drug traffickers . " "  I called him to express my sorrow and regret for that and for the loss of the family 's beloved dogs , " High said in the statement . A thorough review of the raid is being conducted , which is standard procedure in such cases , the department said . The Prince George 's County Police Department was in charge of the raid , and the sheriff 's special operations team was assisting . Watch the sheriff defend the drug raid " Calvo said he set the package aside after it arrived at his home and did n't open it . He said he was changing clothes and preparing to attend a community meeting when "  the door flew open . I heard gunfire shoot off . There was a brief pause and more gunfire . " He said he was brought downstairs at gunpoint while in his boxer shorts , handcuffed and forced to kneel on the floor along with his mother-in-law . Then , he said , "  I noticed my two dead dogs lying in pools of their own blood . " While he was being held , Calvo said , he told the police he is the town 's mayor , but they did n't believe him . "  They told a detective I was crazy , " he said . Berwyn Heights has a police force , he said , but Prince George 's County police did not notify the municipal authorities of their interest in his home or in the package . "  It was that lack of communication that really led to what has really been the most traumatic experience of our lives , " he said . Calvo added , "  they 've arrested the real criminals involved . We 're pleased to have that and get our name back as well . But really , this does n't excuse what they did . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief expresses regret for raid Mayor 's two dogs were shot and killed during raid Wife of Berwyn Heights , Maryland , mayor sent package containing marijuana Scheme designed to intercept packages sent to unsuspecting recipients , police say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's not every day the average Joe gets to take a peek at the personal possessions of a royal . Juan Carlos , the King of Spain , pictured on board his 52-foot racing yacht But , this month CNN 's MainSail program has been lucky enough to go on board Juan Carlos I -- the King of Spain 's racing yacht . We get a unique insight into just what a royal 's boat looks like and the kinds of technological toys and state-of-the-art equipment a King likes to equip it with . Speaking with the one of the boat 's crew members , Ignacio Triay , CNN MainSail presenter Shirley Robertson finds that the King 's boat is , indeed , at the cutting edge of modern sailing . The 52ft vessel is raced by a crew of 15 people and has competed in some of the world 's most popular yacht racing series , racing alongside the very cream of the world 's sailing talent . Video : See on board the King of Spain 's yacht " Triay , who has been sailing for the King of Spain for over 20 years , said the boat contains all of the best modern electronic and sailing equipment . For more sailing features -- including the 10 weirdest sailing terms you 'll ever hear -- visit the MainSail homepage .	CNN MainSail gets on board the King of Spain 's racing yacht The boat is a 52-foot racing yacht that requires a crew of 15 A crew member from the boat says it is full of state-of-the-art equipment
CNN  -- South Sudan 's Council of Ministers has declared Jonglei state a "  humanitarian disaster area " and called on international aid agencies to provide urgently needed humanitarian assistance . The declaration came Wednesday during a council meeting led by President Salva Kiir Mayardit , according to a posting Thursday on the government 's website . Government spokesman Barnaba Marial Benjamin said the council asked that international relief agencies , including the United Nations , provide aid to the Lou Nuer and the Murle ethnic groups and to people in other affected areas in the state . Marial said the council had resolved to deploy more forces to guarantee security . He further reported that the council had resolved to establish a high-level committee to effect reconciliation between the Lou Nuer and Murle . South Sudan gains control of town The council of ministers directed the two ethnic groups to return women and children from both sides who have been abducted and to reunite them with their communities , Marial said . The council said the national forces were in full control of Pibor , in Jonglei . The United Nations sent a battalion of peacekeepers to Pibor last week amid reports that members of the Lou Nuer tribe were marching toward the town , which is home to the Murle tribe , after attacking the village of Lukangol . In a statement posted Thursday by the independent News Agency of South Sudan , Marial was quoted as saying the Lou Nuer should vacate Murle territory so that the government can deliver relief services there . He appealed to the commissioners of Uror and Pibor counties to cooperate with the government to ensure the return of the abducted children and property of Lou Nuer and Murle communities . The London-based Minority Rights Group International , a nongovernmental organization , condemned the attacks between the Lou Nuer and the Murle and called on the government to protect citizens from all ethnic groups . "  Competition between ethnic groups over scarce resources has escalated in South Sudan , " said Chris Chapman , MRG 's head of conflict prevention , in a statement posted on the group 's website . "  At the same time there is a security vacuum , leading to the formation of militia groups and a breakdown of traditional structures of authority . This will continue to threaten the stability of the new nation , unless the government acts quickly to ensure security , inclusive representation for all communities , and equitable access to land and natural resources . " Ethnic tensions in the South Sudan state of Jonglei have flared as tribes fight over grazing lands and water rights , disagreements that have dissolved into cattle raids and abduction of women and children . Fighters first struck Pibor on Saturday , attacking a portion that was out of the reach of U.N. peacekeepers , said Col. Philip Auger of the South Sudan army . Benjamin said most of the Murle had fled when they heard the Lou Nuer were approaching . The nonprofit group Medecins sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , suspended its activities in Pibor County . The group 's clinic in Lukangol was "  burned and looted , " spokeswoman Emily Linendoll said , adding that its Pibor clinic "  has been targeted . " The attack on Pibor followed reports last week that Lou Nuer fighters raided Lukangol , burning it to the ground and forcing thousands to flee toward Pibor . At least 50,000 people have fled the violence in the state , said Quade Hermann , chief of radio at Radio Miraya , a U.N.-backed radio station in South Sudan . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon last week urged the groups to work with the government of South Sudan to find solutions . The violence in Jonglei state is the latest to rock South Sudan , which officially gained its statehood in July after separating from the north . South Sudanese celebrate birth of their nation "  The attacks , which on the face of it appear to be cattle raids , have deeper underlying causes related to poverty , competition for scarce resources , the ubiquity of small arms left over from a decades-long war and marginalization of ethnic minorities , " said MRG 's Chapman . "  In addition , the conflict between the Lou Nuer and Murle is taking on a dynamic of repeated revenge attacks , highlighting the need for the government to take urgent action to protect innocent civilians . " According to MRG 's 2011 research , some groups feel that they are not represented by the political system , and that resources have been diverted to more populous ethnic groups , leaving them poorer with unreliable access to land and resources .	South Sudan 's Council of Ministers calls for humanitarian aid At least 50,000 people have reportedly fled violence in the state Competition over scarce resources blamed The troubled nation became independent in July
CNN  -- The EU police are not about to take your vacuum cleaner away from you . So , stop worrying . But Monday marks the day that super powerful vacuum cleaners that use more than 1600 Watts can no longer be sold in stores in the EU , nor manufactured in EU plants . This should be of no shock to anyone . The rule - intended to improve energy efficiency - was agreed five years ago and manufacturers have reacted accordingly . They may not like it . Dyson for one is looking for a judicial review of the new rule , though it has complied with it . European consumers are used to this . New Wattage rules have already been in effect for light bulbs , televisions , washing machines and refrigerators . But for some reason here in the UK , the vacuum cleaner appears a step too far for the popular press which has noted that the EU is "  sucking " consumer rights out of Britain , or just that the "  EU Sucks . " There are reports of a jump in sales of the more powerful vacuum cleaners over the weekend before the ban took effect . "  I believe there is a misconception and that is that if you have a high-voltage vac that also means that it has a lot of power to suck the dust , " the EU spokesperson Marlene Holzner told me last week , dismissing endless columns of ink in Britain that we will have to vacuum for longer periods , hence use more electricity , to clean our homes . Vacuum cleaners will also have those little A-G charts on them so we know how much they cost us to run . There are also new rules on performance and noise levels . Outdoor vacs , wet and dry vacs and industrial vacs are exempt from all the new rules . But that did not make much news in Britain . Not that the EU is stopping there . The Wattage for vacuums will be lowered to a maximum of 900 Watts in 2017 . The current limit of 1600 Watts is just a temporary pause on the way to even more energy efficiency . Next year the EU will start to talk about putting other appliances on the list ; lawn mowers , mobile phones , hair dryers , kettles  watch out for the British headlines on that one -- EU Blows its Stack , EU Boils Over  . Brussels stresses there is no formal , or informal list and there is no guarantee new rules to lower the Wattage on smaller appliances will be adopted . But the goal here is greater energy efficiency . The EU hopes to meet about a third of its power reduction targets in the coming years simply by reducing energy used by appliances . It is finding steps to cut unnecessary power and it sees this as a less painful step on the way to that goal .	Vacuum cleaners that use more than 1600 Watts can no longer be sold in stores in the EU The European Union rule is intended to improve energy efficiency Next year the EU will consider other appliances such as mobile phones and hair dryers
While he awaits the next legal steps in the death of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , Jesse Matthew appeared in court Friday to answer charges on another case -- an alleged abduction , sexual assault and attempted murder from nearly a decade ago . During a brief appearance at the Fairfax County Courthouse in northern Virginia , Matthew only uttered two words -- "  Not guilty " -- to all three charges related to the September 2005 incident . Judge Dennis Smith set a trial date of March 9 . The trial is expected to last six or seven days . Authorities say that on September 24 , 2005 , a 26-year-old woman was returning from a grocery store in the city of Fairfax when someone grabbed her from behind and sexually assaulted her . "  We saw her purse on the front sidewalk , " said neighbor Stacey Simkins . "  He had already dragged her behind our units to the dark pool area . " The FBI would say later that "  the offender was scared away by a passerby . " It was n't until last month that a Fairfax County grand jury indicted Matthew in that case . The October 20 indictment came two days after authorities found what turned out to be Graham 's skull and bones on an abandoned property eight miles from where the University of Virginia sophomore was last seen . The 18-year-old Graham went missing before dawn on September 13 after being last spotted on several surveillance cameras in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area . Surveillance video and other accounts led authorities to identify Matthew as the suspect in her disappearance . Matthew was taken into custody September 24 on a beach in Galveston County , Texas , about 1,300 miles away from where Graham was last seen . The victim in the 2005 case was able to provide enough of a detailed description to yield a police sketch . Years later , that information would link Matthew to the case of another missing young woman -- Morgan Harrington , a Virginia Tech student who vanished in Charlottesville in October 2009 and was found dead a few months later . Prosecutor : Victim will fly from India to testify At Friday 's court hearing , lawyers for the 32-year-old Matthew waived the hearing of the charges against him . But according to the indictment in the 2005 case , he "  did feloniously , willfully , deliberately , intentionally and with premeditation attempt to kill  the victim  in the commission of or subsequent to an abduction with the intent to defile . " The woman now lives in India and is prepared to fly to the United States to testify in the upcoming trial , Fairfax County Commonwealth 's Attorney Ray Morrogh told reporters Friday . "  This is a difficult process for anyone , and for us to step back into her life so many years later  can be very difficult  , " Morrogh said of the woman , who was 26 at the time of the attack . "  I know that she is grateful ... I 'm just so pleased that she is cooperating . And she has just been really a saint to me . " In addition to the victim 's potential testimony , the FBI also said it has DNA evidence in the case . Lawyer seeks sanity test for Matthew One of Matthew 's lawyers late last month tried to introduce a motion late seeking a sanity evaluation for his client . But a judge cut defense attorney James Camblos short , saying that motion could be filed and considered later , once a judge was permanently assigned to the case . Camblos was n't in court Friday , and there was no mention then of another mental evaluation request . Matthew is charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the Graham case . He has not yet been charged in the 2009 case . Analysts say he may be tried first in Fairfax County , because authorities there have had more time to build their case , and they have potential eyewitnesses in addition to the DNA evidence . Speaking about the timing of the two cases , prosecutor Morrogh said that "  on a personal level , I 'd like to get it going thinking about my victim . ... On the other hand , I recognize the situation and I 'm totally flexible . Whatever the right to do is , that 's what we 'll do . "	Jesse Matthew pleads not guilty to abduction , sexual assault and attempted murder His trial in that 2005 case should start in March ; the alleged victim should testify Matthew also is charged in the case of Hannah Graham , who was found dead last month
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A fugitive South Korean soldier suspected of killing five members of his unit has been captured after he shot himself , bringing an end to a tense standoff . The enlisted soldier suffered heavy bleeding after shooting himself in his side below his left shoulder , the Defense Ministry said . He underwent surgery for his injuries , which are not life-threatening , according to authorities . The military had surrounded the soldier , identified as Sgt. Lim , in northeastern Gangwon province , and exchanged gunfire with him on Sunday . Lim , who was three months from the end of his compulsory military service , is accused of shooting and throwing a grenade at his fellow soldiers on Saturday at a base in a remote area near the heavily fortified border with North Korea . He had been categorized as a soldier in need of special attention , according to the Defense Ministry . In March 2013 , he was classed in category A , for soldiers showing signs of possibly committing suicide or causing accidents . But he was later changed to category B , for soldiers who with the help of others can carry out normal military life . Pleas for surrender Authorities said he used a K2 , a semiautomatic rifle that is a standard South Korean army weapon . It is similar to the U.S. military 's standard weapon , the M16 . The military had been in contact with Lim , repeatedly asking him to surrender , said Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok . On Monday morning , he spoke to his father on a phone provided to him by a military officer . His father and older brother later arrived at the scene of the standoff and continued efforts to persuade him to hand himself in , Kim said . But Lim did n't comply and shot himself with his rifle . He now faces investigation by military authorities . Lim left a note before his apparent suicide attempt , apologizing to the victims and their families , Kim said . There have been previous cases of South Korean military service members going on shooting rampages , in 2005 and 2011 . The base where he was serving is in an isolated area and carries out around-the-clock surveillance for any movements by North Korea , said Park Soo-geun , a former South Korean military intelligence official . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	NEW : The soldier 's life is not in danger after he underwent surgery , officials say NEW : He left a note apologizing to the victims and their families , the Defense Ministry says Sgt. Lim is accused of killing five fellow soldiers at a base near the North Korean border He was carrying out military service and has been deemed in need of special attention
CNN  -- It has been nearly a year since Haiti held elections , but it was not until late Tuesday night that the troubled nation finally was able to form a new government . Garry Conille , a United Nations development specialist and aide to Bill Clinton , was ratified by the Haitian Senate after debate that lasted more than seven hours . President Michel Martelly , who took office in May , congratulated his new prime minister , saying that the installation of new leadership was a step forward in implementing change in Haiti . Martelly 's two former prime ministerial nominations -- businessman Daniel Rouzier and lawyer Bernard Gousse -- were rejected by the Senate . The inability to form a working government had raised concerns about Haiti 's ability to move forward after a devastating earthquake in January 2010 . However , Conille was welcomed in many corners as someone knowledgeable on development challenges and someone who had experience in working with the global community . Conille , 45 , a gynecologist , earned a master 's degree in health administration from the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill . He worked for the United Nations Development Program and was a protege of economist Jeffrey Sachs , director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University . "  You need someone like Garry Conille who understands the international community because this is a country which depends on the largesse of the international community , " said Garry Pierre-Pierre , editor and publisher of the New York-based newspaper The Haitian Times . Most recently , Conille served as chief of staff for former President Clinton , the special U.N. envoy in Haiti . In that role , he was involved in international aid delivery to Haiti . Martelly and Conille have a tough road ahead . Critics say post-quake progress in Haiti , the poorest country in the Western hemisphere , has not been swift enough . Thousands of people remain displaced from their homes , many still in vulnerable makeshift camps . The new government has to take on recovery . Pierre-Pierre said it will be important for Haiti to choose a finance minister who has experience in the private sector , whose partnership with the government will be key to Haiti 's future . "  I just hope  Conille  is able to bring in someone who is as high-powered in the financial world as he is the development world , " Pierre-Pierre said . "  Too often in Haiti , we have loaded the government with good bureaucrats  and  not enough people with private sector experience . "	Senators ratified Garry Conille as Haiti 's next prime minister President Michel Martelly had failed to get his first two choices approved Conille is a development expert who served as an aide to Bill Clinton The new government must lead post-earthquake recovery efforts
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine 's embattled government has agreed to scrap harsh laws limiting protests and give amnesty to demonstrators who seized the Justice Ministry headquarters , a top official announced late Monday . With Ukraine 's political crisis deepening , protesters left the ministry after Justice Minister Olena Lukash warned that she would call for a state of emergency . But at the end of the day , Lukash said the anti-protest laws that went into effect on January 16 would be repealed and the protesters who occupied her ministry would receive amnesty -- as long as they cleared out of "  all seized premises and roads . " The statement came after another round of talks between the government of President Viktor Yanukovych and an opposition whose followers have massed in and around central Kiev 's Maidan Square to demand Yanukovych 's ouster and new elections . Police and protesters have fought pitched battles in the streets , leaving scores injured and several dead . Anti-government demonstrators seized the Justice Ministry building on Sunday night . They cleared out Monday after Lukash threatened to impose a state of emergency -- a step opposition spokeswoman Lesya Orobets warned could lead to the use of military units to suppress protests . "  We as an opposition spent the whole day trying to negotiate with people who actually captured the premises to get out of there , not to give them any legal base for a state of emergency , " Orobets told CNN 's Amanpour program . Oleksandr Danylyuk , the leader of one of the protest factions , said the groups retreated to avert difficulties in negotiations between the government and opposition . But while the protesters left the ministry , they remained outside , where a sign and front window were smashed , creating a blockade . They jumped up and down , thumping sticks on the ground and shouting , "  Bandits out . " The violence that has rattled Kiev for weeks spread outside the capital Sunday , with reports of protesters seizing municipal headquarters in other towns . Ukraine 's parliament was expected to hold a special session on the protests Tuesday , and the European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , was headed for Kiev in a bid to help defuse the standoff . Ashton urged the government not to impose a state of emergency , saying the move "  would trigger a further downward spiral for Ukraine , which would benefit no one . " "  What is urgently needed is a genuine dialogue to build a new consensus on the way forward , " Ashton said in a written statement late Monday . "  I hope that the Ukrainian parliament will set a clear path during tomorrow 's session towards a political solution . This must include revoking the package of laws passed on 16 January . " And U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called Yanukovych on Monday night to reiterate American support for "  a peaceful , political solution to the crisis , " the White House said . "  Underscoring that no time should be lost , the vice president urged President Yanukovych to pull back riot police and work with the opposition on immediate measures to de-escalate tensions between protesters and the government , " a White House readout of the call stated . "  He also urged the government to take concrete steps during tomorrow 's parliamentary session to respond to the full and legitimate concerns of the Ukrainian people , including by repealing the anti-democratic laws passed on January 16 . " Ukraine opposition rejects president 's offer ; protestor mourned Government offer rejected Ukraine , a former Soviet republic , is home to 45 million people . The clashes there are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead . Among the snowy rooftops of Kiev , smoke can often be seen billowing from the city center , where thousands of demonstrators have massed despite freezing weather , setting up makeshift barricades and bombarding police with gasoline bombs . Scenes of fires , burnt tires , smashed windows and the drumbeats of sticks on corrugated metal have become familiar occurrences on the city 's central arteries . More recently , protesters , old and young , have been voicing their anger about anti-protest laws passed this month . The controversial new laws have sparked concerns that they could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech . They 're also calling for changes to the country 's constitution . Former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , imprisoned since 2010 on charges the United States and Europe have called politically motivated , called on the opposition to remain firm in a statement Monday evening . "  The people of Ukraine went out onto the Maidan not for the opposition leaders to be given government posts , and not even for revoking of the dictatorial laws , " Tymoshenko said . "  The people want fundamental changes in their lives , justice in Ukraine and a path to European values . This is their last chance . " Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk has refused Yanukovich 's offer to be prime minister , Lukash said Monday night . Yatsenyuk , who heads the Fatherland Party , would have become the prime minister and would have been able to dismiss the current government , which has been one of the protesters ' demands . Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko , the former heavyweight boxing champion , said Sunday that he had rejected the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues . His announcement was greeted by loud cheers from the crowd -- but his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party , or UDAR , said it was ready to continue negotiations with the government . Yanukovych also said he would agree to a working group to look at changes to the constitution , according to the President 's website . Read more : Is Ukraine becoming a dictatorship ? Read more : Ukraine protests - 5 things you need to know CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard , Diana Magnay and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : "  No time should be lost " in defusing crisis , Biden tells Yanukovych Government pledges amnesty , end to anti-protest laws Jailed Yulia Tymoshenko calls on opposition to stand firm The Ukrainian parliament will hold a special session Tuesday
CNN  -- The first CIA agents landed in Afghanistan on September 26 , 2001 , beginning direct American efforts to overthrow the Taliban . Ten years later , the United States is still fighting the Taliban , and the recent assassination of Burhanuddin Rabbani , leader of Afghanistan 's High Peace Council , shows that we are far from total victory . The terrorist training camps are gone and al Qaeda 's top leaders are dead or on the run . Nonetheless , Afghanistan remains riddled with violence , corruption and hatred . The citizens of Afghanistan continue to suffer from crushing poverty , immobility and intimidation . President Obama in June made it clear that the United States would not continue to fight indefinitely in Afghanistan . The president announced that he would withdraw about one-third of the roughly 100,000 American soldiers in Afghanistan by summer 2012 . He also pledged a fuller disengagement by 2014 , when "  the Afghan people will be responsible for their own security . " Subsequent discussions revealed that the White House expected to keep no more than 25,000 soldiers in Afghanistan , about half the U.S. deployment in Germany . After 10 long years , American withdrawal from Afghanistan is wise and necessary . An open-ended commitment is unsustainable in the face of global recession , excessive U.S. government debt and pressing political challenges in Libya , Egypt , Syria and Iran -- just to name a few crucial countries . The United States must disengage from Afghanistan and focus its resources elsewhere . The real question is how the United States should withdraw and what it should leave behind . How can we make sure the sacrifices of the last 10 years are not betrayed after we leave ? How can we help ensure against a reversion to the conditions in Afghanistan that allowed the 9/11 terrorists to train and take refuge ? The United States has extensive experience with these questions , from our difficult interventions over the last century . In the Philippines , Germany , Japan , and to a certain extent , Iraq , American investments in nationwide elections , in a multiparty legislature and in a respected judiciary have brought some legitimacy to the government . This is a very mixed history with few "  victories , " but some insights that might help with our withdrawal from Afghanistan . Hedge your bets . American leaders have a tendency to invest heavily in friendly strongmen , like Ngo Dinh Diem in South Vietnam , Shah Reza Pahlavi in Iran and Hamid Karzai in Afghanistan . These figures initially look reliable and morally attractive as courageous leaders of anti-communist and anti-Taliban efforts . Extensive American support , however , becomes corrupting , increasing the isolation and dictatorial qualities of Washington 's chosen allies . In the end , dependence on strongmen discredits American power . As American soldiers leave Afghanistan , they must not "  hand over " power to Karzai or any similar figure . Instead , the United States must work hard in the next year to build deeper ties with diverse local leaders , many of whom oppose both the Taliban and Karzai at the same time . The United States should encourage power-sharing between groups , and it should avoid dependence on Karzai for security after 2012 . Afghanistan needs more federalism across regions and less centralization in Kabul . Build institutions . America 's long history of foreign interventions proves that local insurgents can outlast our soldiers . As in Afghanistan , the United States will eventually bring its troops home , but the insurgents have nowhere to go . They can stay under cover , re-group and re-emerge after the Americans leave . That is precisely the dynamic with the resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan . If American soldiers can not outlast the insurgents , American-supported institutions can . In the Philippines , Germany , Japan , and to a certain extent , Iraq , where American investments in nationwide elections , in a multiparty legislature and in a respected judiciary have brought some legitimacy to the Iraqi government . It is the joint businesses , the public works and especially the schools that changed society in the most enduring and beneficial ways . These institutions are also the most likely to draw local participation and popular endorsement . Money devoted to infrastructure and schools is well spent , especially as foreign military forces are reduced . Nurture regional stability . American efforts in Afghanistan are threatened most by the extremism and violence in Pakistan . Although an official ally of the United States , Pakistan has provided sanctuary for terrorists , including Osama bin Laden , and the leaders of the Taliban . Pakistan has contributed to the corruption and intimidation in Afghanistan that oppress citizens seeking a better way of life . The United States must put more pressure on Pakistan to play a productive role in the region . We must insist that the billions of dollars we send to Islamabad are not diverted to meddling in Afghanistan . Instead , the Pakistani military and intelligence agencies must work to apprehend terrorists , especially on their own soil , and they must enforce a cessation of violence on the key trade and communications routes into and out of Afghanistan . We can not ask the Pakistanis to abandon their sympathies for some extreme Islamic parties , including elements of the Taliban , but we can insist that they help to maintain order , stability , and openness in the region . Although Americans must withdraw from Afghanistan , they must do so in a way that supports positive changes . We must give Afghans the chance to run a functioning nation-state of their own . For all the difficulties of the last 10 years , there are real achievements -- including the establishment of political stability in the Northern provinces and the reduction in country-wide poverty -- to build on . Progress in withdrawal is possible and it will not cost very much . It will certainly come at less expense than a reversion of Afghanistan to the terrorist haven it was in September 2001 . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jeremi Suri .	Jeremi Suri : When we leave Afghanistan , 10 years of progress could be lost Suri : We must not hand over power to a strongman , like Karzai , which discredits U.S. We must insist Pakistan fights extremism within its borders and without , Suri writes We must invest in institutions , public works , he says , and especially schools
CNN  -- More areas of Bastrop County , Texas , were reopened to residents Monday following the devastating wildfire that destroyed more than 1,500 homes . "  Our goal is to get everybody back in by Thursday , " said county Judge Ronnie McDonald . Many of the residents will return to charred homes and possessions . Those with standing homes may have to wait weeks for electricity to return , and crews are still working on restoring drinking water , utility officials said . The Bastrop County Complex fire near Austin was 60 percent contained Monday after burning across more than 34,000 acres , according to the Texas Forest Service . The fire is blamed for the deaths of two people whose bodies were found in the burned-out rubble of a neighborhood last week . An urban search-and-rescue team scouring the fire zone for victims was expected to complete its work Monday afternoon , Bastrop County Sheriff Terry Pickering said . Two people among residents of the fire zone remain missing , but authorities believe they are likely out of state , Pickering said . Some residents of the Tahitian Village East subdivision were allowed to return Sunday , as were residents with property affected by the Union Chapel fire , also in Bastrop County . Residents in neighborhoods northeast of the town of Bastrop were being allowed to return on Monday , with additional areas reopening through Thursday . Authorities have distributed vehicle placards for residents seeking entry into the fire zone , and so far the re-entry process has gone smoothly , Pickering said . A traffic backup early Monday had since cleared , he said . School also resumed Monday for residents of Bastrop County , as well as in Waller and Montgomery counties , where the Riley Road fire has burned thousands of acres . "  It 's a relief actually . I 've been cooped up at the house and ca n't really do anything , " student Keeley Merrill told CNN affiliate KPRC-TV . With much of the state in an extreme drought , Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory . Since January 1 , nearly 3.7 million of the state 's 167.5 million acres have burned in 19,896 fires , according to Inciweb , a fire-tracking website run by state and federal agencies . The state Forest Service responded to 19 new fires Sunday involving 1,099 acres of land , including new large files in Harrison and Rusk counties . The state said the 40,548-acre Bear Creek fire in Cass County was 80 percent contained . It has destroyed 28 homes . The Riley Road fire was reported as 75 percent contained on Monday . The fire has destroyed 59 homes , the Texas Forest Service reported . Authorities were on the lookout Monday for possibly three monkeys that may have been released or escaped during the fire . One of the monkeys bit a state game warden on the thumb on Sunday , said Mike Cox , a spokesman for the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department . The bite was n't serious , but authorities are still keeping an eye out for the monkey gang , Cox said . While some residents expressed concern about hungry primates roaming the charred ruins , the incident gave others in battered Texas a much needed bit of comic relief . "  Has anyone noticed if the monkeys have wings ? " a poster to the Grimes County Facebook page asked in jest , referring to the villainous hench-monkeys for the Wicked Witch of the West in the "  The Wizard of Oz . " "  If I see flying monkeys then I know I can click the heels on my red ruby encrusted flip flops and this nightmare will all go away , " the poster said . Authorities said although the monkeys -- which appeared to be of the rhesus species -- had been seen in the area , they did not know where the monkeys came from . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities look for missing monkeys possibly released during fire Schools reopen in fire-charred Texas counties More residents also allowed to return home in Bastrop County , where 1,554 homes burned Two people remain missing , Sheriff Terry Pickering says
CNN  -- A top Florida lawmaker is demanding that the federal government help "  get to the bottom " of dozens of deaths at a now defunct boys ' reform school . "  For the sake of those who died and the family members still living , we 've got to find out what happened at the school , " U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , said in a letter dated Wednesday to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . His demand follows a report this week by state forensic investigators who say they 've discovered evidence that there are 19 more grave sites than previously thought at the Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys in the Florida panhandle town of Marianna . For years , stories and allegations of beatings , torture and murder have surrounded the century-old school . State authorities have previously said there were 31 burial sites at the school , and a 2009 state investigation found no allegations of wrongdoing in connection with those deaths . Now , investigators say there 's evidence that 98 boys died at the school , and some of them may be buried in the 50 graves found on school grounds . The school closed last year , allegedly because of budget cuts . Mystery surrounds school graves "  The reform school may yield some ugly reminders about our past , but we absolutely must get to the bottom of this , " Nelson said in a news release Wednesday . Nelson is asking the Justice Department to provide support and assistance to a team of anthropologists and forensic scientists from the University of South Florida as they continue to search the school grounds . The Justice Department has not yet responded to Nelson 's request . The USF team , equipped with ground-penetrating radar , is currently searching another part of the property where another cemetery may exist . So far , they have n't found anything . "  We found burials within the current marked cemetery , and then we found burials that extend beyond that , " said Dr. Erin Kimmerle , one of the investigating anthropologists . "  For the majority , there 's no record of what happened to them . So , they may be buried here , they may have been shipped to their families . But we do n't know . " She said she hopes a more thorough investigation , which would include the exhumation of bodies , would bring some closure to the families . "  When there 's no knowledge and no information , then people will speculate and rumors will persist or questions remain , " she said . Glen Varnadoe 's uncle , Thomas Varnadoe , died at the facility in 1935 . He wants state authorities to carry out exhumations so he can bring his uncle 's remains home to Lakeland , Florida . "  This is my uncle 's body . We want the state of Florida to point us to his grave and give us access to his remains so we can have him reburied with his family , " he told CNN . Varnadoe said both his father and uncle were both sent to the facility at one time , and -- according to his mother -- his father saw his dead uncle being buried on the property in the middle of the night . Varnadoe says he does not intend to sue the state of Florida for damages . He says he simply wants his uncle 's body . "  My mission is to recover his remains and bury him next to his mother , " he said . Who exactly is buried on the school grounds is a mystery that dates back to 1900 , when the boys ' school opened . The research team has gone back in time , going over old , antiquated state records and conducting interviews with survivors , when possible . The existing cemetery is marked only by 31 rusting tubular steel crosses . The forensic investigators say poorly kept , contradictory records have only added to the mystery about the cemetery and the school . Reform school ledgers and notations label some of the boys as "  runaways , " but it is unclear whether these boys were ever found . The school was officially closed in 2011 . "  These are children who came here and died , for one reason or another , and have just been lost in the woods , " said Kimmerle . "  It 's about restoring dignity . " During its century-long history , 98 deaths have been documented at the school , but the whereabouts of 22 bodies can not be determined by examining historical records , according to Kimmerle . Her team 's findings only add to the mystery , controversy and horror that has surrounded the former reform school for years . Elderly men , who were once sent to the reform school as wayward youth , have come forward with horrific tales of beatings , abuse and stories of boys who simply disappeared . In 2008 , Florida 's then-Gov . Charlie Crist ordered a state investigation into allegations by a group of men , known as "  The White House Boys , " who had came forward with stories of how they were beaten with leather straps by school administrators in the 1960s . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement issued a report that found 31 boys were buried in the cemetery , although each individual plot could not be identified . That report found that most of the boys had died either in a 1914 fire or from a flu pandemic four years later . At the time , the law enforcement agency said it could not determine where another 50 boys -- who died at the school as a result of illnesses or accidents -- were buried , blaming poorly kept school records . FDLE closed the case due to the lack of evidence that anyone had died as a result of criminal conduct , and no charges were filed . The new findings will undoubtedly lead to speculation that the newly discovered graves are evidence of a generations-long criminal coverup by administrators of the prison . In a statement to CNN , FDLE said it is aware of the new report . "  In the absence of any additional evidence , we do not anticipate further criminal investigative action , " said Keith Kameg , an FDLE communications coordinator .	Sen. Bill Nelson is calling for a federal probe into more graves found at a defunct reform school There were 31 known graves and a 2009 investigation determined no wrongdoing This year , researchers found evidence of 98 deaths and 50 graves The century-old school closed last year , allegedly for budget issues
CNN  -- BP showed up in court last week , finally , nearly three years after the Deepwater Horizon disaster and the hell it unleashed on the Gulf Coast . It 's a huge , high-stakes trial , and BP is taking the beating it 's earned . Here 's what 's at stake for America if there is a judgment : potentially tens of billions of dollars that will be used to create jobs while restoring some of our most productive and vulnerable natural places . Whether the trial results in a decision or a settlement , the outcome will send a signal about how serious this country is about enforcing its common-sense rules that guarantee clean air and waters . BP and its partners have already confessed to criminal negligence in the 2010 blowout that killed 11 men and gushed nearly 5 million barrels of oil . Every part of the Gulf of Mexico ecosystem , from the deep-sea corals to dolphins to migratory birds , was affected . Gulf Coast residents suffered billions of dollars in economic losses , with effects that rippled across the country . And despite those slick commercials that assure you all is well and then invite you to spend your tourism dollars on the Gulf Coast , the disaster is still unfolding . Last summer , scientists found traces of BP 's oil and dispersant in the eggs of migratory white pelicans nesting all the way up in Minnesota . Oil is still present on the Gulf 's beaches , in the marshes and under the water . It is working its way through the food chain , so it will be years before we understand the full extent of the disaster . BP 's billions at stake as courtroom showdown starts Just Wednesday , in fact , the Gulf Restoration Network documented a fresh rash of tarballs on a Louisiana beach known as Elmer 's Island -- a spot that gets re-oiled every time a storm stirs up BP 's submerged goo . We 're nearly three years in , and there 's no end in sight . That 's why our justice system must hold BP and other polluters fully responsible under the law for the worst offshore oil disaster in history . How much could BP end up paying ? BP is liable for up to $ 17.6 billion in penalties under the Clean Water Act if it is found grossly negligent .  And if this is n't gross negligence , it 's hard to imagine what is .  Add to that figure the potential for tens of billions more in fines under the Oil Pollution Act . This much is clear : The rules were put in place to deter and , if needed , to penalize the offenders . The Deepwater Horizon was the kind of disaster that was envisioned when the full force of these penalties was contemplated . Those penalties -- and nothing short -- are the fair outcome . It was n't surprising to see BP 's stock rise when it agreed to an unprecedented $ 4.5 billion in criminal fines . The market was saying , in essence : Guys , it could have been a lot worse . BP claims it now leads the way on safety So we know that some amount of penalties -- a staggering amount by normal standards -- has already been "  priced in " to BP 's value . So , this is n't about whether BP will continue to be an ATM for shareholders . It will be . And we 're not saying that there should n't be drilling in the Gulf Coast . We 're saying that even megacorporations need to play by the rules . If Justice Department lawyers agree to a weak settlement , the burden of rebuilding from this disaster will be transferred from a foreign corporation to American taxpayers . Worse , it will send a message to polluters that we do n't take seriously our air , water , wildlife , communities or economic health . What 's the difference between a $ 15 billion settlement and a $ 35 billion dollar judgment ? The ability to rebuild the Louisiana wetlands -- America 's delta -- for generations to come . A healthy , productive Gulf Coast where people and wildlife thrive . The principle that if you break it , you buy it . Families of killed rig workers react to BP settlement Under the terms of the RESTORE Act -- passed last year with historic bipartisan support -- 80 % of Clean Water Act civil penalties will go back to restore the environment and economies of the Gulf Coast states . That 's right and fair . We do n't love how the states want to spend every dollar . But this is what a grand political bargain looks like , in case we 've forgotten . Two weeks ago , we and our partners hand-delivered more than 133,000 petitions to the Department of Justice , calling for full and complete accountability under the law for BP and its partners . The point of the petitions was pretty straightforward : These rules matter to Americans , and everyone needs to play and -- in this case -- pay fully . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Yarnold .	David Yarnold : BP is rightly on trial , potentially facing judgment in tens of billions He says even if BP settles , it will send signal that U.S. enforces clean air , water rules He says pollution of Gulf spill still present three years later ; BP must be accountable Yarnold : Big judgment will fund Gulf coast restoration and send message
"  The Sixth Sense " star Haley Joel Osment has n't lost interest in a good scare . Now 26 , the Oscar nominee popped up at this month 's Toronto International Film Festival as one of the stars of Kevin Smith 's horror movie "  Tusk . " The film , about a podcaster who goes missing in Manitoba and the friends who go searching for him , kicked off this year 's event . The movie , which also stars Justin Long , Johnny Depp and Genesis Rodriguez , is actually the first part of Smith 's "  True North Trilogy . " The second installment , "  Yoga Hosers , " is currently filming -- and getting plenty of attention thanks to Osment 's role . The actor was photographed in Los Angeles on Tuesday in sporting a pinstripe suit , mustache and slicked-back hair , a visual that caught some fans off-guard . Writer/director Smith explained on Twitter , "  for those asking  about  the @YogaHosers pics of @HaleyJoelOsment , Haley is playing the Canadian Fuhrer , Adrien Arcand . " Arcand was a Montreal journalist who led a series of fascist political movements between 1929 and 1967 . "  Yoga Hosers " also stars Depp and his daughter , Lily-Rose Depp , along with Smith 's daughter , Harley Quinn Smith . The film revolves around two 15-year-old yoga enthusiasts who team up with Depp 's character to battle an ancient evil . According to Variety , the film is Smith 's answer to persistent questions from fans about his making a comic book movie . "  This is it , " Smith told the publication . "  But instead of yet another dude saving the day , our antiheroes are the most feared and formidable creatures man has ever encountered : two 15-year-old girls . " "  Yoga Hosers " is set for release in theaters June 1 .	Haley Joel Osment is starring in two of Kevin Smith 's new movies The "  Sixth Sense " actor 's role in "  Yoga Hosers " has grabbed attention Smith has had to address the actor 's unusual look for the role
CNN  -- I 'm a fan of Antonio Banderas ' Puss in Boots , a Latin-lover Zorro so romantic and vain that he 's preposterously unaware he 's ... well , a kitty cat . That said , building an entire animated feature around him turns out to be a bit like making a Marx Brothers movie with just Chico . In the "  Shrek " films , the joke of Puss in Boots , with his trilled consonants and penchant for chest-puffing sword duels , is that no one this cuddly should try to be this dashing . But in "  Puss in Boots , " that joke wears out its welcome in 15 minutes . We 're left with the feeling that Puss in Boots , as a character , has exactly one dimension : self-deluded Spanish-macho vainglory . He 's like a lost mascot from a taco commercial . The movie gives Puss a sidekick , the cracked-fairy-tale figure of Humpty Dumpty  voiced by Zach Galifianakis  , who was once his comrade and then betrayed him . When the movie plunges into the convoluted backstory of these two , only to emerge from the flashback about 20 minutes later , we begin to realize : The more stuff that happens in "  Puss in Boots , " the less stake we have in it . The movie throws in Jack and Jill  who are corpulent grown-up grouches  , magic beans and a beanstalk , a girl kitty  Salma Hayek  dressed , for some reason , as Catwoman , and a whole lot more . "  Puss in Boots " is beautifully animated  with 3-D that adds nothing  , but the film is so mindlessly busy that it seems to be trying to distract you from the likable , one-note feline swashbuckler at its center . EW.com rating : C See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In "  Puss in Boots , " that joke wears out its welcome in 15 minutes The more stuff that happens in "  Puss in Boots , " the less stake we have in it It seems to be trying to distract you from the likable , one-note feline swashbuckler
CNN  -- A man who told Maryland State Police that his wife was killed by a carjacker early Friday morning has been charged in her death . Ryan Holness , 28 , was charged with first - and second-degree murder in the death of Serika Dunkley Holness , 26 , according to Maryland police . Her body was found about 6 a.m. Friday in a field in Crumpton , Maryland , police said . Holness was arrested after inconsistencies surfaced in his story , according to investigators . Holness said that he and his wife were carjacked by a man armed with a knife and a gun on the New Jersey Turnpike while returning to Maryland from New York on Thursday night , police said . "  He told investigators that he was assaulted by the suspect and forced to drive to Crumpton , " said Gregory Shipley of the Maryland State Police . "  He said the suspect bound his feet and hands with duct tape before attacking his wife who had tried to flee the scene . " Police interviewed various people and launched a nationwide search for the carjacker and Holness ' 2007 blue Honda Accord , Shipley said . "  Information provided by Holness throughout the day Friday did not match information developed through witnesses and evidence at the scene , " Shipley said . Shortly after 11 p.m. Friday , Holness ' car was located by a D.C. police officer on a Washington street . "  Maryland State police homicide detectives have taken custody of the car , " Shipley said . State police are not yet sure how the car got to Washington .	Police arrest man who blamed carjacker for wife 's death Ryan Holness told police he and wife were assaulted on trip to Maryland Police say information Holness provided did not match witness statements , evidence
CNN  -- Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky has signed a new contract at the Emirates Stadium , the club have announced . The Gunners have not disclosed the length of the deal but it continues the club 's success in securing the future services of their key players . The Czech international , who joined the club from Borussia Dortmund in 2006 , is the 15th player to sign a new contract for manager Arsene Wenger since May 2009 . The deal also rewards the 29-year-old , who has scored 14 goals in 76 appearances , for his performances this season after two injury-blighted campaigns . Rosicky told the club 's official Web site : "  The last two seasons have n't been easy for me because of injuries but I feel it speaks volumes about the club 's belief in me for this to be signed , and I truly believe I have a lot left to offer the club , my team-mates and all the supporters . "  It 's felt like home since I arrived here four years ago and I believe we 're on the verge of achieving something special together . "  I 'm looking forward to the coming months and hope that together , we are all celebrating at the end of the season . " Rosicky follows Robin van Persie , Abou Diaby , Eduardo , Alex Song , Denilson , Theo Walcott and Aaron Ramsey in signing new contracts in the past year . Wenger said : "  I have spoken many times of Tomas ' class and contribution , not only on the pitch but off it as well , and I very much feel that this new contract reflects that . "  Tomas ' vision and touch is remarkable and I know that we will all benefit from his input in the coming seasons . "  Tomas is a special talent and we 're delighted that he has committed his future to Arsenal . "	Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky has signed a new contract at the Emirates Stadium The Czech international is the 15th player to sign a new deal with the club since May 2009 The deal rewards the 29-year-old for his performances this season after two injury-blighted campaigns
CNN  -- The president of the Russian republic of Tatarstan declared Monday a day of mourning as crews continued to look for bodies in the wreckage of a Russian jetliner that crashed on landing a day earlier . All 50 people on board , including the son of Tatarstan regional President Rustam Minnikhanov , died in the crash in Tatarstan 's capital , Kazan . Closed-circuit video , aired on Russian media outlets , shows the plane vertical to the ground as it crashes in the darkness , creating a large fireball and a wide fire on the ground . The victims ranged in age from 13 to 87 , according to a list of names the airline posted on its website . Among them was Lt. Gen. Alexander Antonov , the regional chief of Russia 's Federal Security Service , and a British national . "  Not all the bodies have been located , " Deputy Emergency Situation Situations Minister Vladimir Stepanov told local media Monday morning . "  The main work will be completed today . " Officials do not know why Tatarstan Airlines flight 363 crashed . Authorities say they have confiscated documents and fuel samples from Tatarstan Airlines . Part of the answer may lie in the Boeing 737 's flight and data recorders . Russian officials say they 've found the flight recorders , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said Monday . Russia 's Interstate Commerce Committee reports that the recorders ' container was seriously damaged , the news agency said , but they 've been sent to Moscow and could provide some information by Tuesday . Boeing is sending a team to assist with technical aspects of the investigation , the company said in a written statement that also offered its condolences to the families of the victims . The plane , carrying 44 passengers and a crew of six , took off from Moscow 's Domodedovo International Airport , about 700 kilometers  435 miles  west of Kazan . The pilot tried to land once before the plane crashed on the second attempt , officials said . The jet was 23 years old and had been in service with at least eight airlines , including Air France , Uganda Airlines and Bulgaria Air , according to aviation industry websites . In a November 2012 flight , it was forced to cut short a flight to Moscow and return to Kazan after losing cabin pressure , according to the website AeroInside . Russia has tried to improve its checkered reputation for air safety in recent years . In 2011 , then-President Dmitry Medvedev grounded two classes of Soviet-era aircraft after a pair of crashes that killed more than 90 people , including a charter plane crash that killed an entire professional hockey team . Medvedev said Russia would have to upgrade its aircraft fleet , step up safety standards and radically cut the number of airlines . 4 die in Bahamas plane crash Plane crashes in Bolivia , killing 8 Southwest Airlines pilot tells passengers "  We 're going down " CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Boeing sending technical team to assist in investigation Russian media airs video that shows plane in vertical dive as it crashes Flight recorders have been found , could provide data Tuesday , news agency says The jet had 44 passengers and a crew of six aboard
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Philippines raised the stakes in its maritime territorial dispute with China by announcing Tuesday it is taking the case to an international tribunal . The two Asian nations have been at loggerheads over China 's claims of sovereignty over large swathes of the South China Sea , one of several tense disagreements between Beijing and its neighbors over waters in the region . Read more : Why China wo n't turn the other cheek over foreign policy "  The Philippines has exhausted almost all political and diplomatic avenues for a peaceful negotiated settlement of its maritime dispute with China , " Philippine Foreign Minister Albert del Rosario said Tuesday . As a result , Manila is challenging China 's claims , which include the waters off the west coast of the Philippines , at an international arbitration tribunal , citing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea . Read more : Asean Chief : South China Sea risks becoming ` Asia 's Palestine ' The state-run Chinese news agency reported the announcement by the Philippines on Tuesday but did n't carry an immediate response from Beijing . Other countries , like Vietnam and Malaysia , also lay claim to parts of the South China Sea , a 1.3 million square-mile patch of the Pacific Ocean dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls . The area is a fertile fishing ground and is believed to hold large oil and gas reserves under its seabed . Tensions between China and the Philippines soared last year during a naval standoff over a remote rocky outcrop in a disputed part of the sea . That crisis lasted months and stoked fears of an open conflict before the Philippines withdrew its ships , citing stormy weather . Read more : How U.S. can help avert Asia crisis Analysts say China is trying to solidify its claims of "  indisputable sovereignty " over most of the South China Sea by conducting regular maritime patrols in the area . It is using a similar approach in its heated dispute with Japan over set of small islands in the East China Sea . The United States is treading a delicate path amid the various territorial tensions in the region . On Sunday , Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Qin Gang warned United States to "  be careful with its words " after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Washington opposes "  any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine Japanese administration " of the disputed islands in the East China Sea . Clinton had reiterated the U.S. policy that it does n't take a position on the ultimate sovereignty of the islands . As recently as last week , Xinhua reported that Chinese surveillance vessels were carrying out regular missions in the South China Sea . The Xinhua report cited Liu Cigui , director of the State Oceanic Administration , as saying that China would continue the patrols "  to secure the nation 's maritime rights and interests " in areas it claims as its territorial waters . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Manila says it is running out of options in its dispute with Beijing It says it will challenge China 's claims to the South China Sea at a tribunal It cites the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea China is involved in territorial disputes with several of its neighbors
CNN  -- AC Milan bounced back from the disappointment of missing out on a domestic double by beating Cagliari 4-1 on Saturday , with Robinho scoring twice . Milan wrapped up the Serie A title last weekend but were denied a place in the Coppa Italia final following a 2-1 defeat by Palermo in the second leg of the semi on Tuesday . However , Massimiliano Allegri 's team scored three goals in the first 35 minutes -- two of them going to Brazilian forward Robinho -- to subdue the visiting Sardinians . Robinho took his Serie A tally to 14 this season , joining compatriot Alexandre Pato and Zlatan Ibrahimovic as the club 's top scorers . Draw puts Inter into Italian Cup final Midfielder Andrea Cossu pulled a goal back before halftime , but veteran midfielder Clarence Seedorf sealed victory in the 77th minute to put Milan nine points clear of second-placed city rivals Inter . The Nerazzurri , whose five-year title reign is over after failing to repeat the heroics of last season 's treble , travel to third-placed Napoli on Sunday . Cagliari went into the match in 11th place and in no danger of being relegated , but suffered a fourth successive defeat . Lazio moved up to fourth and a possible Champions League place after beating 10th-placed Genoa 4-2 earlier in the day to end a run of three defeats . Brazilian Hernanes scored twice in the second half after goals from Giuseppe Biava and Tommaso Rocchi to lift the Rome side a point above Udinese , who visit 12th-placed Chievo on Sunday . Lazio travel to lowly Lecce in the final round next weekend , while Udinese are at home to Milan . Meanwhile , Lille are on course for a domestic double after beating Lille beat Paris Saint Germain 1-0 in Saturday 's French Cup final , winning the competition for the first time since 1955 . Poland midfielder Ludovic Obraniak scored the only goal in the 89th minute with a superb free-kick after coming on as a substitute . Lille , who have a four-point lead over Marseille with three matches to play in Ligue 1 , then saw Mathieu Debuchy 's injury-time penalty save by Gregory Coupet .	Robinho joins Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexandre Pato on 14 league goals Brazilian helps Italian champions AC Milan bounce back from cup exit Lazio boost Champions League hopes for next season with 4-2 win over Genoa Lille on course for domestic double after winning French Cup for the sixth time
CNN  -- The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium is to be dug up immediately . Wembley 's pitch has come in for plenty of criticism since the stadium weas reopened in 2007 . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the surface ' a disaster ' after the FA Cup semifinal defeat by Chelsea last Saturday , while Sir Alex Ferguson called it ` dead ' in the aftermath of Manchester United 's penalty shoot-out defeat to Everton 24 hours later . In the wake of such criticism , stadium officials decided to launch a thorough review of the pitch and have concluded the rye grass surface should be replaced with immediate effect . The new pitch will be a different composition to the current one , which it is hoped will be better suited to the stadium design . Although the FA had confirmed there would be a new ` sand-soil ' pitch installed , it was not anticipated the work would be done until after next month 's FA Cup final . There have been problems with the new stadium 's pitch since it first opened just over two years ago . Due to the number of non-footballing events , including pop concerts , which are required at Wembley to make the rebuilding project viable , it was felt the rye-grass option was more likely to withstand the extra punishment . However , it has proved not to be the case , with Wenger claiming the surface is worse than at any of the 20 Premier League grounds . "  When you build a new stadium , the first priority is that the pitch is good , " said Wenger on Tuesday . "  If that 's not right the whole stadium is bad . "  Before everybody wanted to play at Wembley because the pitch was so special . Now , nobody wants to play at Wembley . " Although the FA acknowledge they will still need to change the pitch at regular intervals , the organisation is optimistic the work should at least allow Wembley to restore its previous reputation for a surface of the highest standard . A statement read : "  Wembley Stadium is a multi-purpose venue and needs to be able to offer both a quality playing surface and a quality calendar of events . "  The pitch has always been and will continue to be at the heart of the stadium and of the business . "	The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium to be dug up immediately Pitch has received widespread criticism since the stadium reopened in 2007 The number of non-footballing events at the stadium has taken toll on surface
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Like the alchemists who once tried to turn lead into gold , a green entrepreneur says he has found a cost-effective method for turning plastic trash into oil . The Envion plant turns plastic garbage into oil by isolating petroleum from the plastic 's other ingredients . During a recent visit to his new demonstration plant in Maryland , Envion CEO Michael Han describes his process : Waste plastic is shredded and melted and then processed in a way that separates the petroleum from the rest of the ingredients . At one end of the machinery , shredded plastic trash is dumped in a hopper and goes up a conveyor belt into a "  reactor . " At the other end is a spaghetti of pipes and valves and tanks . Han turns open a spigot on one of the pipes and produces a liquid the color of apple juice . It smells kind of like diesel , and Han claims it 's ready to be processed for any number of uses : fueling cars , diesel generators or even jets . But not all of the ingredients in plastic can be refined into petroleum . All the chemicals that were added when the plastic was produced must be separated out and collected in a sediment tank . That could be a problem , says Kert Davies , a researcher with the environmental group Greenpeace . He has not visited the plant , but after reading Envion 's literature , he asked , "  what happens to the additives and the metals and the other things ? " Envion is hoping to find asphalt makers who can use the sludge as an ingredient for paving after the metals are filtered out . Otherwise , it can be dried by microwaving and the dust sent to a landfill . "  Then you end up with a different problem , " Davies said . "  Is that going to a hazardous waste landfill ? " But Han says that it 's not hazardous , and most important , that the process releases no gas into the air . "  You do n't smell anything burning , " he said . "  We do n't incinerate . We simply melt . " Han set up his demonstration at the Montgomery County dump in Maryland . Amid bales of crushed yogurt containers and plastic bottles , there seems to be little risk that he will run out of trash to feed into his machine . Envion is pitching the technology to sanitation departments , promising it will cut down on their trash volume by consuming up to 10,000 tons of plastic per year while producing some revenue as well . The plant could produce up to 60,000 barrels of oil a year , Han says , and although some of that oil is used to keep the machinery running , the rest can be sold to an oil company for profit . The plant cost $ 4 million to build , but Han says it can produce oil for as little as $ 10 a barrel at a time when oil is selling for more than $ 70 a barrel . Davies said that "  finding new oil to burn is not the goal . The goal should be to burn less oil . " But Han said , "  if there 's a way that we can solve the problem of accumulation of waste plastic in our country and at the same time turn it into a byproduct that is cost effective , then I think it 's a win-win situation . " CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report	Green entrepreneur says he 's found safe , inexpensive way to turn plastic into oil Envion CEO Michael Han : Plastic waste is shredded , melted and processed Process creates liquid that Han says can be used for fuel Han says Envion process does n't release gases into the air
Financial TImes  -- The Bank of Japan has lifted its assessment of Japan 's economy , and underlined progress towards its price target by saying that inflation expectations "  appear to be rising . " In an upbeat statement following a two-day policy meeting , the BoJ said the world 's third-largest economy is "  recovering moderately " , boosted by a pick-up in exports and investment in fixed assets by companies on the back of higher profits . Public investment is also rising , it noted , while the housing sector is looking stronger . As such , the BoJ kept its main policy settings on hold , as it has done every month since April , when governor Haruhiko Kuroda unveiled what he called a "  new phase " of "  quantitative and qualitative monetary easing . " The aim is to hit a 2 per cent target for inflation by buying up huge amounts of assets , mostly longer-term bonds . This week the BoJ reported that Japan 's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in August , to Y172tn  $ 1.72 tn  , marking an all-time high for the sixth straight month . Meanwhile , the balance of current accounts deposited at the BoJ more than doubled to Y84tn , as banks parked proceeds of bond sales . Analysts say that the BoJ is now at a delicate juncture in its easing programme , where it is hoping that so-called "  bad inflation " caused by the drop in the yen since late last year is gradually replaced by "  good inflation " , signalling a virtuous cycle of demand . For now , the evidence is mixed . The Japan-style core measure of consumer price inflation , which excludes food but not energy , climbed to 0.7 per cent in July , its highest level in nearly five years . The US-style core measure , which strips out both food and energy , is also on a rising trend but is still negative , at minus 0.1 per cent in July . Prices for items such as housing , furniture and medical care all fell from a year earlier . Meanwhile , lending activity is still relatively subdued , with total loans rising 2.2 per cent in July . Base salaries are generally flat , or falling . However , prices are moving in line with the policy board 's forecasts , which means that the BoJ is under little pressure to do more to try to force the index higher . The onus now shifts to the government , say analysts , as it prepares to address some of the structural reforms set out in the growth strategy of Shinzo Abe , prime minister . Abe wants to make Japan a more competitive place to invest and to do business , thus stimulating employment , incomes and consumption . " -LSB- BoJ -RSB- policy board members are continuing to shun ` incremental easing ' " , said Izumi Devalier , economist at HSBC in Hong Kong . She expects the BoJ to leave monetary conditions unchanged for the remainder of the fiscal year to April . "  With the central bank out of the hot seat for now , the focus is squarely on the government . "	The BoJ kept its main policy settings on hold , as it has done every month since April Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants to make Japan a more competitive place to invest and to do business This week the BoJ reported that Japan 's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in August
Editor 's note : CNN does not offer medical advice . If you have a serious medical complaint please consult a physician . Long hours sitting in an airport or on a train . Jet lag . Miles of walking . Travel is tough on the body . About eight years ago I started battling pain whenever I traveled . The large muscles up and down my leg and hip would get hard and tight , making sitting , standing or even sleeping painful . Massages , Jacuzzi baths , ibuprofen and yoga alleviated the pain , but temporarily . While all were helpful , no remedy really provided the "  release " I felt I needed to undo those tight spots . A physical therapist suggested pressure point therapy as a way to help the muscles relax . She used a device called a Thera Cane , a deep-pressure massage device that 's shaped like a large candy cane , to press down hard on my tight spots and help them release . Voila ! I experienced some relief . However , the bulky Thera Cane is n't really travel friendly . And it requires a second person to use . I wondered what might work while traveling , even alone ? The ends of the Thera Cane are studded with hard , little plastic balls -- wandering through the aisles of a sporting goods store one day I stumbled across a possible solution : a Wiffle Ball ! For those who are n't familiar with them , the Wiffle Ball  there are a number of imitators  is a perforated , rubbery-plastic ball about the size of a baseball . For kids , especially in the United States , they 're used to play baseball in safe and confined areas . I bought a three-pack for about $ 1.50 and tried one out on my legs -- it worked great . Wiffle Balls are lightweight , durable and inexpensive -- the perfect accessory for on-the-road pressure point relief . Following the exercises my physical therapist showed me with the Thera Cane , I came up with five "  do anywhere " moves for instant tension relief . 1 . Foot relief Sit in a chair or on the edge of a bed , place the Wiffle Ball under your foot  starting in the arch  and slowly roll your foot back and forth over the ball for about two minutes . The massage motion will increase blood flow and help release tightness in the arch . 2 . Back rub Lay on the floor  better than the bed , which is too soft  and place the ball under your shoulder blade . Slowly rock yourself back and forth over the ball , moving it around the large muscles encasing the blade . 3 . Hip and upper leg tension reliever Still on the floor on your back , move the ball under one side of your bottom -- place the ball right in the center of the largest part of the muscle and roll around on top of it , letting it move around the entire buttock and up toward your lower back then down to where the buttock meets the thigh . You should feel tension release down the hip and into the leg . 4 . IT Band/outer leg reliever Runners know the IT Band well -- it runs along the outside of the leg , down the thigh and over the outer part of the knee . Roll over onto one side , prop yourself up on an elbow and place the ball just below your hip in the large part of your thigh . Slowly move yourself up and down while bracing with your elbow , allowing the ball to roll up and down your leg to relieve tension . 5 . Hip flexor release Sitting for hours can make the muscles at the front of your hip and leg tighten . To release , roll over on your stomach and put the ball right in the spot where your leg meets the hip and lay flat for about a minute , rolling slightly until you find your tightest spots . You 'll also access the psoas muscle this way -- the psoas is a rope-like muscle that runs obliquely from spine to the femur -- releasing additional tightness . What 's your favorite tip for relieving muscle pain and tightness on the road ? Share them with readers below .	Pressure point therapy can help tight muscles relax after long trips No need for expensive therapy or fancy equipment though A Wiffle Ball can be an effective solution to various aches and pains
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says airport security officials are not considering a ban on carry-on luggage "  at this time . " In an interview with Jake Tapper on CNN 's "  The Lead , " Johnson was asked about a National Public Radio report that counter-terrorism officials are considering implementing a Transportation Security Administration ban on carry-on bags at airports . The report cited concerns that al Qaeda could be planning attacks on major airlines in Europe before the Christmas holiday . Johnson said the department continues to focus on security , particularly at airports overseas , so as not to burden the traveling public . "  I think people should continue to -LSB- travel -RSB- and have a happy and safe holiday but we continue to be vigilant and continue to evaluate whether more is necessary , based on the latest threat streams , " Johnson said . Tapper followed up : "  But no ban on carry-on luggage yet , but you 're considering everything ? " Johnson responded : "  There 's no ban on carry-on luggage at this time . "	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson played down reports the TSA could ban carry-on luggage Johnson 's comments come amid reports that al Qaeda could target airlines this holiday season
Washington  CNN  -- After the rescue of a pilot and the weapons systems officer in Operation Odyssey Dawn , the military is keeping the names of the two crew members under wraps . The initial press release about the crash of a U.S. Air Force F-15 in eastern Libya said both members of the air crew ejected from the jet before it crashed . Later reports said they suffered minor injuries in the ejection . The press release also made clear that "  the identities will be released after the next of kin have been notified . " But after repeated requests from CNN for details about their identities and whereabouts , Maj. Beverly Mock , a spokesperson for the Joint Task Force Odyssey Dawn , wrote in an email : "  We will not release the names of the aircrew . I realize initially it was said they would be released but because they are being reintegrated and will return to their unit we will not release their names for their safety and privacy . " As for their whereabouts , the U.S. Marine Corps reported the pilot was brought aboard the USS Kearsarge and that he was in the medical facility on the ship . CNN has learned from military officials that the weapons specialist was brought to Europe , although nobody would say where . Press officers were less helpful . Mock wrote : "  We do n't have information on where the aircrew are . "	U.S. Air Force F-15 crashed in Libya Military initially said names of pilot , weapons officer would be released Names wo n't be released because they are being reintegrated , military says
CNN  -- For 460 days , they held her captive . They beat her , sexually assaulted her , kept her locked in a pitch-black room with chains around her ankles . And yet , Amanda Lindhout says she forgives her abductors . "  When one human can create suffering or another , it always comes from a place of their own suffering , " she says . And the men who took her hostage -- some no more than 14 years old -- had endured a "  great deal of suffering " in their own lives , she says . Lindhout , a Canadian freelance journalist , was 27 when she arrived in Mogadishu , Somalia , in August 2008 . Three days in , she and her crew were ambushed in their car by young men brandishing AK-47s . They took Lindhout , her photographer Nigel Brennan , their drivers and fixer . The drivers and fixer that had accompanied Lindhout were released after a few months . She and her photojournalist Nigel Brennan were held for a total of 15 . Lindhout 's story of survival , detailed in a book last year , has now been picked up by a Hollywood studio for a movie starring Academy Award nominated actress Rooney Mara . "  I spent 460 days in captivity , " Amanda told CNN . Fungus grew on her skin . Her hair fell out in clumps . She had abcessed teeth . A sobbing call to Omni TV during her captivity showed her desperation . "  I do n't want to die here and I 'm afraid I 'll die of a disease if I do n't get help soon , " she said in the call . Lindhout and Brennan were released in November 2009 after their families paid a $ 600,000 ransom . In her story of survival , "  A House In The Sky , " Lindhout talked about the courage it took to survive . "  I really discovered the strength of the human spirit that is alive in all of us , " she said . Lindhout 's harrowing story prompted Mara to spend a weekend with her . Now Mara , best known for her work in "  The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo " and "  Side Effects , " Mara plans to star in a film optioned by Annapurna Pictures -- the production company behind blockbusters , such as "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  American Hustle . " Lindhout is working to change the country where she once lost her freedom . Shortly after her release , she began an organization to empower women and children in Somalia . The Global Enrichment Foundation  GEF  provides development for Somalis through education , medical care and food aid . Lindhout says the organization is working to change the environment the children of Somalia grow up in , so that the cycle of violence ends . Somalia is one of the poorest nations on the planet , and often touted as "  the most dangerous country in the world . " The foundation 's goal , Lindhout says , is to bring growth -- and peace .	Lindhout was abducted three days after arriving in Somalia She was released after her family paid ransom The makers of "  Zero Dark Thirty " plans to make a movie of her experience
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A Kurdish member of Iraq 's parliament said Monday that the United States is pressuring the "  highest levels of the Kurdish leadership " to accept a compromise that would dictate how national elections would be held in January . Mahmoud Othman said the United States urged the Kurdish majority in the northern oil-rich province of Kirkuk to agree to a proposal that would settle issues about the law that spells out how the election will be carried out . Vice President Joe Biden broached the issue of elections in telephone calls Sunday with Iraqi Kurdistan President Massoud Barzani and Speaker of the Parliament Ayad al-Samarrai ` e , said Biden spokesman Jay Carney . "  In both calls , the vice president echoed the president 's position that timely elections are important and that we urge all parties to do their part to make them happen , " he said . A secure environment and political stability during and after the polls will be key as the United States looks to withdraw combat troops by August , leaving 50,000 in advisory roles , and then withdraw all U.S. forces by the end of 2011 . Some Kurds have complained that the U.S. proposals would favor the province 's Arabs and Turkmen , though it was not clear on what they based that assertion . Kurds have long regarded Kirkuk as an integral part of Kurdistan , and many want to be part of Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region . Arabs and Turkmen have their claims to the city , and all the groups want their voices and votes to be fairly represented in the political system . Provincial elections that were to have been held in January were postponed indefinitely because officials there could not agree on how to apportion seats among the ethnic groups . Last week , the Kurds threatened to boycott voting on the election law , thereby threatening to delay the election itself , which is scheduled to take place January 16 . The constitution would allow for a delay , but not past January 31 . Iraq 's election commission has said it needs at least 90 days after passage of any election law to prepare to carry out elections , which U.S. and Iraqi government officials call a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era . The head of Iraq 's Independent High Electoral Commission , Judge Qassim Aboodi , said Monday that if the law is not passed within a few days , the elections could be threatened altogether . Othman described the U.S. efforts at pushing forward a compromise to the Kurds as being "  counterproductive " and "  making things worse . " Though the proposal was submitted by the United Nations , Othman said , "  the U.S. is behind this . " He said the U.S.-backed plan was not fair and urged that U.S. officials remain neutral . Under Saddam 's regime , Kurds were kicked out of Kirkuk , and many Arabs moved in , a policy called Arabization . But Kurds returned to the city in droves after the regime was toppled . Sharp disagreements exist over which voter registries should be used in the elections , with the Kurds wanting a current one and the Arabs and Turkmen wanting registries from several years ago . As for the lists , politicians disagree over the use of open lists that name candidates and closed lists that name parties . The law used in the 2005 election calls for a closed list . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. officials in Iraq , issued a statement Thursday urging lawmakers to decide that "  rules , procedures , and decisions " for the election apply only to that vote . They argue that it should not set precedent "  for future political settlements related to Article 140 , demographic change , disputed boundaries , or other contested issues , " a specific reference to the Kirkuk question . Article 140 is the section of the country 's constitution referencing the issue . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story from Baghdad , Iraq .	Member of parliament says U.S. pushing for agreement on election law Biden discussed January elections in calls with Kurdish political leaders Kurds have said U.S. proposals favor Arabs , Turkmen Iraqi election commission has called for swift passage of election law
CNN  -- American Amanda Knox and her Italian former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , won their appeals of their convictions in the killing of British exchange student Meredith Kercher . Here is a guide to the Italian appeal process . On what grounds did Knox and Sollecito appeal their convictions for murder , sexual assault , possession of a weapon , interfering with a crime and theft ? The defense sought to discredit DNA evidence linking the two of them to the killing , in which British exchange student Meredith Kercher 's throat was slashed . Her partially clothed body was found in the house she shared with Knox in Perugia , a central Italian university town . Two experts argued that DNA evidence found on the knife used to kill Kercher and on her bra clasp was unreliable and contaminated by poor handling . Prosecutors in 2009 had said there were traces of Knox 's genetic material on the handle and Kercher 's in a tiny groove on the blade . Knox and Sollecito 's defense teams have suggested Rudy Guede , who is already serving a 16-year sentence for the murder , could have been the sole killer . The case against Knox and Sollecito Who made the decision ? Eight jurors -- six members of the public and two judges -- decided the case . The judges take part and vote as part of the jury : their role is to guide but not to instruct the other jurors how to vote . The presiding judge , Claudio Pratillo Hellmann , who was also one of the jurors , read out the verdict . What were the possible rulings in the appeal ? There were three possible outcomes for the defendants : 1 . Verdict is upheld : In this case , Knox and Sollecito would have continued serving their respective 26 - and 25-year jail sentences . However , prosecutor Manuela Comodi had called for their sentences to be increased to life . 2 . Verdict is overturned 3 . Verdict is partially overturned , with a decrease in sentence  verdicts can be upheld on some counts but not others ; this would result in a decrease in their sentences , which is what happened  . Does Monday 's ruling mean the case is closed for good or could there be further appeals ? There will most likely be appeals by the prosecution . Both the defense and prosecution can take their case to Italy 's highest court . Both Knox and Sollecito returned to prison to complete paperwork and collect their belongings . But Knox was freed within an hour ; CNN understands Knox will leave the country Tuesday morning . Knox , 24 , need not remain in Italy pending a possible appeal by the prosecution . After the ruling , the judge has 90 days to write a report on why the court reached its conclusions . The parties then have 45 days to file an appeal to the High Court , which then must schedule it , according to Luiss University law professor Nicola Di Mario . So there 'll be at least four months between the verdict and any possible High Court appeal . A High Court hearing would be very short and dependent on key technical issues and arguments , not a review of the actual trial itself , according to Di Mario . Where would an acquittal of just Knox and/or Sollecito have left the case of the other ? That was the big question . The co-defendants appealed together , and while different verdicts could theoretically have been delivered for each of them , this was highly unlikely . A third person convicted of the murder , Rudy Guede , has already appealed to the High Court and had his sentence reduced to 16 years . Can the defendants ever be tried again for the same crime ? After the case goes to Italy 's highest court and assuming it does not overturn the appeals ruling , Knox can not be tried again for the same crime under the "  double jeopardy " rule . What will happen if a possible appeal by the prosecution to Italy 's highest court is successful after Knox has returned to the United States ? If Italy 's highest court overturns the lower court 's decision , it effectively revalidates the trial court 's sentence , which means 26 years in prison for Knox . Italy would then have to put in a request to U.S. authorities for extradition , and it would remain to be seen if that would granted or not . Deputy State Department spokesman Mark Toner told CNN : "  Questions regarding Italian law and process are not ones we can answer . They need to be addressed to Italian authorities . "  The United States and Italy do have a bilateral extradition treaty , which has been in force since 1984 . Questions about possible return to the U.S. , extradition request , etc. are too speculative for us to be able to comment . " Does Italian law allow for any civil action by the defendants or by Meredith Kercher 's family following a criminal case ? Yes , a civil action for damages took place alongside the original criminal trial . The family of Kercher sought $ 36 million in damages from the three co-defendants if they were convicted on the criminal charges . Their acquittal on the criminal charges frees them of civil liability as well . Did the defendants face any other charges ? Knox also appealed an additional charge for which she was convicted : Defamation of Patrick Lumumba , the club owner whom Knox accused of killing Kercher . He was arrested but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox for libel , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . The appeals jury upheld that conviction and ordered Knox to pay Lumumba . It also sentenced her to three years in prison , but because she has already been held for four years , she was freed immediately . Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Defense worked to discredit DNA evidence linking defendants to killing of Meredith Kercher Eight jurors -- six members of public and two judges -- ruled on appeal Knox need not remain in Italy pending possible appeal by prosecution
CNN  -- Bethlehem 's Church of the Nativity , venerated by Christians as the birthplace of Jesus , could become the first World Heritage site in the Palestinian Territories , following a UNESCO meeting later this month . The nomination , which includes the church and surrounding route taken by religious pilgrims , is the Palestinians ' first bid for inclusion on the prestigious list of sites deemed as holding "  outstanding universal value " as part of the world 's shared heritage . It comes after Palestinian membership to UNESCO , the United Nations ' heritage body , was granted in October 2011 , when UNESCO 's general assembly voted by 107-14 to accept the Palestinians . The vote proved controversial with the United States , which holds the view that a peace deal must be reached with Israel before the Palestinian Territories can be granted full membership of international organizations . The U.S. and Israel 's subsequent funding cut to the body saw UNESCO lose more than a fifth of its revenues . Bethlehem , situated in the West Bank , about eight kilometers south of Jerusalem , is considered the Palestinian Territories ' top visitor destination partly due to the religious significance of the church . One of the oldest surviving Christian churches in the world , it drew 2 million visitors last year , according to Nada Atrash , an architect and head of the research and training unit at Bethlehem 's Center for Cultural Heritage Preservation , which has been lobbying for the site 's inscription as a World Heritage destination . She said the center considered Bethlehem 's inclusion on the list "  as a Palestinian dream , and as a reward of 11 years of work in the field of preserving the cultural and natural heritage in Palestine . " See also : Book festival finally allowed into Gaza Visitor numbers have hit record highs in recent years , but , according to a report into developing tourism in the town , Bethlehem has yet to properly capitalize on its potential . The majority of the visitors were day trippers on short visits , meaning the full economic benefits of tourism did not flow into the town . Atrash said it was hoped that gaining World Heritage status would help efforts to boost Bethlehem 's appeal as a destination and keep visitors in the town for longer than a visit to the church . "  We are mainly seeking to extend the stay of the visitors , who usually drop  in  to Bethlehem for few hours to visit the church and leave without visiting the town , " she said . "  We hope that this inscription would contribute to both the promotion of the site and its protection . " The condition of the church , which has suffered extensive earthquake damage in its history , has been of concern . One of the issues is that responsibility for its administration is shared between three religious authorities -- the Greek Orthodox , Armenian and Roman Catholic churches . On occasion , tensions between the groups have spilled over into violence ; in December , about 100 Greek Orthodox and Armenian clerics fought with brooms when a tussle broke out while cleaning the church . One of Christianity 's most holy places , the site 's focal point is the Grotto of the Nativity , a rectangular cavern beneath the church that has been considered the site of Christ 's birth since at least the 2nd century . A 14-pointed silver star set into the marble floor marks the precise spot where Jesus is said to have been born . In the 4th century , Emperor Constantine founded a church on the site , which was destroyed in the year 529 , only to be replaced by larger structures , which form the basis of the church today . UNESCO 's World Heritage Committee will consider the Church of the Nativity among 36 sites nominated for inclusion on the list at its next meeting , to be held from June 24 to July 6 , in St Petersburg , Russia . UNESCO spokeswoman Susan Williams said it was not possible to predict the outcome of the meeting , where the committee would make its decisions "  based on the information that is provided by the expert bodies , and the different presentations that are made . " "  If the committee approves , it it 's a done deal , " she said . For the first time in its 40-year history , members of the public and the media will be able to follow the debates of the Committee through live streaming on the internet . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Seen as the birthplace of Jesus , Bethlehem 's Church of the Nativity is one of Christianity 's holiest sites It has been nominated to be declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO If approved , it will become the first Palestinian inclusion on the list Palestinian membership to UNESCO was granted last October
Washington  CNN  -- The United States sanctioned two engineering firms Wednesday for their ties to an elite Iranian military unit that has been branded a terrorist organization by the U.S. government . Iran Maritime Industrial Company SADRA and it subsidiary , Deep Offshore Technology PJS , are connected with Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-Quds Force , the U.S. Department of the Treasury said . "  By designating the individuals and entities today , Treasury is sending a clear signal to the international community that Iran 's attempts to evade international sanctions will not go unnoticed , " Adam Szubin , director of the Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control , said in a statement . SADRA has offices in Iran and Venezuela and is owned by Khatam al-Anbiya , which the office has designated as an engineering arm of the Quds Force , the statement said . The Treasury Department also announced sanctions against two shipping companies based in Malta and two shipping officials connected to the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines . The shipping lines have "  played a key role in Iran 's efforts to advance its missile programs and transport other military cargoes , " the Treasury Department said . The companies and individuals were sanctioned under an executive order freezing the assets of proliferators of weapons of mass destruction and their supporters , the department said The sanctions come a day after the United States sanctioned an Iranian airline , three Iranian officials , a trading company and a shipping agent for providing support to the Quds Force . Iran 's secretive Quds Force is the elite special operations unit of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard . The most militant wing of the Guard , Quds has reportedly carried out covert operations in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Lebanon and Iraq . The United States has accused it of aiding insurgent groups behind attacks on U.S. soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan , Jane 's global security site reports . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	The U.S. Treasury sanctions two engineering companies tied to Iran 's Quds Force Treasury official : "  Iran 's attempts to evade international sanctions will not go unnoticed " The department also sanctions two shipping companies and two shipping officials
CNN  -- German Thomas Bach was elected as the new president of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  in succession to Jacques Rogge following a ballot of 94 members of the IOC in Buenos Aires Tuesday . Bach won on the second round of voting , beating off the challenge of five other contenders for the top job in the Olympic organization . He has been elected for an initial eight year term to succeed the 71-year-old Rogge , who has stepped down after 12 years in charge . Bach paid tribute to Rogge as he addressed IOC members following his election . "  You are leaving a great legacy and a strong foundation on which we can continue to build the future of the IOC , " he said . "  This is an overwhelming sign of trust and confidence , " added Bach , who is the ninth president in the 119-year history of the IOC . Ukrainian athletics great Sergey Bubka , Singapore 's Ng Ser Miang , Wu Ching-Kuo of Taiwan , Switzerland 's Denis Oswald and Richard Carrion of Puerto Rico were the unsuccessful candidates . Bach achieved a majority in the second round by polling 49 votes . Carrion was the next best with 29 . Former world pole vault champion Bubka received just four . "  I want to win your confidence too , " said Bach , referring to his beaten opponents . "  I know of the great responsibility of being president of the IOC . " The 59-year-old Bach is a lawyer by profession , but represented West Germany at the 1976 Olympics in Montreal , winning a gold medal in fencing 's foil discipline . He was one of four IOC vice-presidents , having been a member since 1991 , serving during this period on the anti-doping commission . An outspoken critic of doping , Bach commissioned an academic report , published in July , which alleged that like their East German neighbors , West German athletes had also been involved in malpractice during the Cold War and before the unification of the two countries . His first task in succeeding Rogge will be to steer the IOC through the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi , which has been dogged by controversy of Russia 's new anti-gay legislation , concerns over budget and fears of warm weather . Under rules adopted in by the IOC in 1999 , which ended lifetime terms for its delegates and presidents , Bach will initially serve for eight years , with the possibility of one further term of four years .	German Thomas Bach is the new president of the International Olympic Committee Bach succeeds Belgian Jacques Rogge who is stepping down after 12 years in charge Bach won on the second round of voting among 94 members of the IOC Five other candidates , including Sergey Bubka , contested the election
Police warned the 8-year-old they were going to tase her . "  Within seconds , " an officer fired darts from the electroshock weapon into the chest of the 70-pound girl , according to a lawsuit filed by the girl 's mother . "  The force of the electricity shot through her body , lifted her , and threw her against a wall . After the officers had stunned  the girl  into high voltage submission , they pulled the fish-hook like Taser darts from her chest , gave her emergency medical attention , bandaged the holes left by the razor-sharp hooks , and called the ambulance . " The reason the police were at the home was to keep the girl from hurting herself ; the babysitter had called them because the child had a knife in her hand . All parties agree on this point -- the girl 's mother , Dawn Stenstrom , as well as the defendants : the city of Pierre , South Dakota , its former police chief , Robert Grandpre , and the four officers at the scene on October 4 , 2013 . But their opinions about the responding officers ' actions diverge from there . The girl 's mother says the police used "  excessive force " when they used a Taser on her girl . But Grandpre disagreed , telling CNN affiliate KSFY after the incident that the police "  might possibly have saved this girl 's life . " Because of the pending litigation , Pierre Mayor Laurie Gill refused comment on Saturday . And attorney Robert Anderson , who is representing the defendants , said he was "  not going to comment on the merits of pending litigation . " After an independent two-month investigation , the South Dakota Division of Criminal Investigation ruled in December that the officer had acted appropriately . "  Given the circumstances facing the officer at the time , it appears from the report that deploying a Taser was the best viable way to defuse the situation , " Wendy Kloeppner , the Hughes County state 's attorney , said in a statement . "  That 's bull **** , " Stenstrom 's attorney Dana Hanna told CNN on Saturday . "  Four trained police officers surrounding a 70-pound , 8-year-old Indian girl , " should have used less risky tactics , Hanna said . "  One distracts her , another grabs the girl 's arm . That 's what they should have done , " Hanna said . "  She had a kitchen paring knife , but had n't cut . She was a kid throwing a tantrum . They should have made an attempt to grab the kid , not use a weapon to throw her into a wall . A Taser 's not meant to kill , but it does kill . Many people have died after being hit by a Taser by cops . It never should be used on a little child . She certainly was n't presenting a danger to officers . " "  I do n't fault for the police being there because they were called . They were there . But what happened while they were there is why I 'm upset , " the girl 's father , Bobby Jones , told KSFY soon after the incident . One of the officers was a Taser instructor , while another was a hostage negotiator , KSFY reported . Grandpre told KSFY last October that Pierre police had used Tasers nine times in the past two years , with the girl , who is identified in the lawsuit only as "  L.M.J. , " the youngest recipient of the electric shock . "  I do n't think 8-year-olds should be Tased anywhere in the world , " Jones said . Jones and Stenstrom are not married , and the father is not a party to the lawsuit , Hanna said . The plaintiffs are seeking at least $ 100,000 in damages , plus punitive damages and "  other relief as the court shall consider to be fair and equitable . " "  Her pain and suffering is going to be of that type that a jury will have to tell us what it 's worth , " said Hanna 's co-counsel Patrick Duffy . "  Part of that is going to be a reflection of the fact that you 're not supposed to use a Taser on a kid . I do n't know of too many cops that do n't know that . " Anderson , the defendants ' attorney , said he did n't know if the case would go to trial , but Duffy said he hopes it does . "  L.M.J. " is getting mental and emotional counseling from a child counselor , Hanna said . "  What is it really going to honestly do for the rest of her life as she has to interact with authority figures and law enforcement ? " Duffy said . "  What 's it going to be like first time she looks in the rear view mirror and law enforcement gives her a speeding ticket ? She wo n't shake that . " Since the incident , Stenstrom and her daughter , who are members of the Rosebud Sioux tribe , have moved from Pierre back to the tribal reservation , Hanna said . ` We called for help , and they killed my son , ' North Carolina man says	Police used a stun gun on an 8-year-old girl last October in Pierre , South Dakota The girl 's mother is suing the city , the former police chief , and four officers Former chief said officers may have saved girl 's life by "  tasing " her when she threatened herself Lawsuit seeks more than $ 100,000 in damages , plus other compensation
London , England  CNN  -- A scheduled meeting between Pakistani cricket authorities and three of their country 's national players over an alleged betting scandal has been postponed for a day , the team manager told CNN on Wednesday . The meeting will take place Thursday morning at the Pakistani High Commission in London , team manager Yawar Saeed said . He gave no reason for the change . The players -- Salman Butt , Mohammed Asif and Mohammed Amir -- were due to head to London on Wednesday morning from Taunton , England , where their squad is preparing for a match against the local team , Somerset , Saeed said . The three players are at the center of the betting allegations , which emerged Sunday in a British tabloid . They and Saeed were already questioned by London 's Metropolitan Police over the scandal , he said earlier this week . The newspaper , the News of the World , reported that two Pakistan players deliberately bowled "  no balls , " or fouls , during their test series with England in London last week . It said the alleged ringleader made 150,000 pounds  $ 232,800  in the scam . England won the match at Lord 's Cricket Ground . It ended Sunday afternoon , after the scandal broke . A 35-year-old man was arrested late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers and released on bail Sunday , Met Police said . They said no date had been set for a hearing or further proceedings , but that the investigation was continuing . Three people were also arrested Sunday in connection with the scandal and held on suspicion of money-laundering , a representative of HM Revenue and Customs told CNN . The head of cricket 's world governing body said Tuesday he wants prompt disciplinary action if anyone on the Pakistan team was involved in the alleged betting scheme . "  The integrity of the game is of paramount importance , " said Haroon Lorgat , chief executive of the International Cricket Council . "  Prompt and decisive action will be taken against those who seek to harm it . However , the facts must first be established through a thorough investigation and it is important to respect the right of due process when addressing serious allegations of this sort . " Investigators from the cricket council are already in the United Kingdom making inquiries into the allegations , the council said Tuesday . They are working with the Met Police on the criminal investigation , according to the council . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari ordered an investigation into the scandal , his spokesman said Sunday . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	The meeting had been scheduled for Wednesday The three players who will take part are already heading to London Police have already questioned the three players
CNN  -- Steve Reeder says it 's no secret among his Facebook friends : He 's a Republican . But after he began posting news articles and political cartoons on his page that reflect his support for GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , his friend count began falling off . Today , it 's down by several dozen . "  One day , they are there . The next day , they just disappear , " said Reeder , 53 , of Roswell , Georgia . "  Most  people  do n't say anything to me about it . So I just say ` good riddance . ' " It 's a story that 's been playing out on Facebook and Twitter with growing frequency among friends , family members , colleagues and acquaintances as an already contentious presidential campaign between Romney and President Barack Obama enters its final , frenzied weeks . Your close friends may share your political views , but that eccentric uncle , former co-worker or high school classmate may not . Nearly one-fifth of people admit to blocking , unfriending or hiding someone on social media over political postings , according to a recent survey by the Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project . The biggest gripes : The offending person posted too often about politics , disagreed with others ' updates , or bothered mutual friends with partisan political postings . "  In the real world , we navigate these issues all the time . We know not to bring up politics around certain friends or family members . We try to avoid people who are constantly looking for an argument or trying to sell us on their pet ideas , " said Aaron Smith , a Pew research associate . "  Since blocking , unfriending , hiding people is the closest social analogue to those real-world examples , it 's not necessarily surprising to see people taking these steps in the virtual space . " Etiquette 101 : Talking politics over Thanksgiving dinner Muting the rhetoric It 's the hateful tone of the political conversation that is particularly disturbing to Luis Stevens , who has temporarily muted the Twitter voices of roughly 150 people and blocked more than 400 others until after the November 6 election . More than one person has threatened to show up on Stevens ' doorstep after he disagreed with them on Twitter . A few more have called him names . And at least one stepped across a political "  red line , " endorsing a pundit that Stevens finds offensive . "  This is a pretty mercurial campaign on both sides . People on both sides tend to get heated pretty fast , " said Stevens , 37 , of Ruidoso , New Mexico . As a result , he said , "  there are way too many people on Twitter who are a little scary . " Stevens tweets under the pseudonym @pettybooshwah . He does n't post pictures of himself , nor does he release details about his whereabouts . But he 's not shying away from political debate . "  When you do n't follow people with the opposing viewpoint , Facebook and Twitter can become an echo chamber where everybody agrees , " Stevens said . ` Facebook is not a democracy ' But that 's just fine with Andre Kelly , who took to Facebook in recent weeks with a posting decrying political opposition on his page . Simply put : For Kelly , Facebook is not a democracy . "  This is not about platforms and political theory , from this point forward , to me , it 's about people simply picking a side , " Kelly , an Obama supporter from Los Angeles , said in a Facebook post shortly after the Republican National Convention in late August . He warned off supporters of Romney from posting on his page , writing that he was "  simply NOT having it . " Since then , Kelly 's post has been repeatedly shared , finding a home on pages across Facebook 's political and not-so-political discussions . "  This was amazing and I loved every second . I 'm glad he took the time to think and word this the way he did . I believe and agree with this 100 % , " wrote one admirer . Kelly , who works as a touring comedian , has n't defriended anybody on his Facebook page , though he believes he has probably lost a few social-media followers . Tricky politics of political discourse in the workplace Battling allegations The political divide on social media has become so wide that some people have been trying to silence one another . On Twitter , conservatives have accusing liberals of trying to squelch their voices by falsely reporting them for spam , a violation of Twitter rules that can result in the suspension of an account . Liberal groups , meanwhile , have accused conservatives of using #block / report to shut them down . The battling allegations have led to competing blog posts that offer some of the same advice . Liberty Chick , a columnist for conservative site Breitbart.com , encouraged users to report suspected abusers , while Charles Johnson of left-leaning blog Little Green Footballs said he would continue to tell his followers "  to block and report " those who harass them . However it 's used , Twitter has clearly become a key destination in the national discussion . Twitter said a record 10.3 million tweets were sent during the first presidential debate last week , making it he most tweeted-about event in U.S. politics . And for people sick of politics poisoning their feeds , there are Facebook pages such as "  Nobody Cares About Your Political Posts . Really , " where users can vent their frustrations . The page promises to be "  Open to all conservatives , liberals and moderates who are tired of the constant stream of political posts on FB . Does n't mean that your views are not important -- just means that it is n't important to us to hear you blather on . P.S. . You do realize that you really are n't changing anyone 's opinion , right ? " Repairing relationships It started out as friendly barbs on Facebook , childhood friends sparring over differences in the presidential election . Sarah Mirocha supported Obama ; her friend supported Romney . But by the time the conversation was over , the two were no longer friends -- on social media or otherwise . "  One less hateful troll = more peace on my page , " Mirocha , 43 , wrote in a Facebook post . The Iowa-based writer made no apologies : "  It 's my page , is n't it ? " Yes and no , says etiquette blogger Thomas P. Farley of What Manners Most . "  The beauty of social media is that it does allow us to be commentators on the news . But you have to be aware of your audience , " Farley said . "  You know these people would never say anything to your face . But it is sort of an unfortunate consequence of anonymity online . " For many people , the hardest part of the 2012 political debate may be restoring friendships that have been damaged . "  I think that for friends , real friends , it will get better , " said Stevens , who after the election plans to restore a number of Twitter voices he has muted . "  I think for people that are partisan acquaintances , it will probably calm down a little . " But Farley believes repairing friendships damaged by political differences will probably take a little work . "  If it 's somebody you see regularly , " he said , "  I would have the conversation in person . "	A survey finds 18 % of social network users have blocked or defriended over political posts Conservatives are accusing liberals of making false spam allegations to shut down debate Liberals , in turn , says conservatives are advocating block and report actions Netiquette expert Thomas P. Farley says people need to be aware of their audience
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Israeli military action in Gaza is comparable to that of German soldiers during the Holocaust , a Jewish UK lawmaker whose family suffered at the hands of the Nazis has claimed . A protester confronts police in London last weekend at a demonstration against Israeli action in Gaza . Gerald Kaufman , a member of the UK 's ruling Labour Party , also called for an arms embargo on Israel , currently fighting militant Palestinian group Hamas , during the debate in the British parliament Thursday . "  My grandmother was ill in bed when the Nazis came to her home town of Staszow . A German soldier shot her dead in her bed , " said Kaufman , who added that he had friends and family in Israel and had been there "  more times than I can count . " "  My grandmother did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza . " Kaufman , a senior Labour politician who was raised as an Orthodox Jew , has often opposed Israeli policy throughout his career . Israel has said it initiated the operation into Gaza -- which is controlled by Hamas -- to stop rocket fire on its southern cities and towns . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , have died in the operation in Gaza and from rocket strikes on southern Israel , according to the Israeli military . More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed , including many civilians , Palestinian medics said . During Thursday 's debate , Kaufman also said that Israel needed to seek real peace and not peace by conquest , which would be impossible . He also accused the Israeli government of "  ruthlessly and cynically exploiting the continuing guilt from gentiles over the slaughter of Jews in the Holocaust as justification for their murder of Palestinians . " But Kaufman added that while it is necessary to talk to Hamas , which had been chosen by an electorate , it nevertheless is a "  deeply nasty organization . " Bill Rammell , the Minister of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs , said the UK government backed an EU presidency statement calling Israeli action disproportionate . But he also criticized Hamas rocket attacks on Israel during the cease-fire between June and December 2008 , adding that the militant group 's "  whole ethos is one of violence " and that it had "  made a brutal choice to step up attacks against innocent civilians . " "  Nothing , not the restrictions on Gaza nor its frustration with the peace process , justifies what Hamas has done and continues to do , " Rammell said . "  In December , I was in Ashkelon near the Gaza border , and I heard the sirens . The fear was palpable : This is daily psychological and actual warfare . " Rammell added that Hamas has "  committed acts of terrorism , it is committed to the obliteration of the state of Israel , and its statement last week that it was legitimate to kill Jewish children anywhere in the world was utterly chilling and beyond any kind of civilised , humanitarian norm . " The debate came on the day that Saeed Siam , Hamas ' third-ranking leader in the territory , was killed by an Israeli airstrike , the Islamic militant group reported . The United Nations ' main relief compound in the territory was also hit and set on fire , which U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon blamed on Israel . Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert expressed sorrow over the incident but said Israeli forces were responding to militant fire near the complex . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown described the shelling of the compound as "  indefensible , " media agencies reported . Speaking to Ban during a call , Brown said the UK would increase its calls for a cease-fire and also deliver aid to Gaza once a cease-fire took hold . Britain has witnessed several demonstrations since the conflict in Gaza began late last month . Last Saturday , up to 20,000 people gathered outside the Israeli Embassy in London , Metropolitan Police said . Later , parts of the crowd began pelting officers with sticks , rocks and pieces of metal barriers , police said . A similar protest Sunday was peaceful . Rallies were also held in London and Manchester last weekend in support of Israeli action against Hamas .	Jewish UK lawmaker calls on Israel to talk to Hamas , a "  deeply nasty organization " UK government : "  Hamas made a brutal choice to step up attacks " on civilians UK PM calls shelling of U.N. 's main aid HQ compound in Gaza "  indefensible " UK has seen several protests since conflict began , both pro- and anti-Israel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With irresponsible banking practices taking the blame for bringing about the global economic crisis , there has been a surge of interest in Islamic finance . Islamic finance is estimated to be worth $ 700 billion and has been growing by 15 to 20 percent per year . Now , a slew of academic courses are springing up to meet the demand of those wanting to break into an expanding market . According to ratings agency Moody 's , the global Islamic finance sector is worth $ 700 billion and has the potential to be worth $ 4 trillion . What 's more , the ethical principles underpinning Islamic finance are seen by some as offering a more sustainable alternative to profit-oriented conventional banking . The result is that academic institutions are lining up to offer formal training in the area . "  There is a huge demand for Islamic finance courses now , so large that it 's difficult to cope with , " Professor Habib Ahmed , Sharjah chair in the school of government and international affairs at Durham University , England , told CNN . Durham will launch a Masters degree in Islamic finance from October , becoming one of a number of European institutions to offer Islamic finance programs . "  Islamic finance has been growing by 15 to 20 percent per year for some time and there is a lot of interest at the moment . People are looking for alternatives after the economic crisis . " "  Islamic economists believe that if the principles of Islamic finance were followed the crisis would n't have happened . We are seeing a lot of non-Muslim countries , including the UK , France , Japan , Hong Kong and Singapore encouraging Islamic finance , " he said . There are many differences between Islamic and conventional banking practices . One fundamental difference is that Islamic banks do not charge interest . Rather than borrowers and lenders , the system is based on buyers and sellers . "  Conventional banking is biased to the seller . Islamic finance is trying to level the ethics between the two parties , " Aly Khorshid , an Islamic finance scholar who writes for Islamic Banking and Finance magazine , told CNN . "  People think the Islamic system is based on faith , but it 's based on justice . The system is based on justice for the two parties and how you get to the justice is extracted from Islamic faith , " he said . Khorshid said that there are similarities between "  ethical investment " schemes and Islamic finance , in that the Islamic system does not allow investment that harms people or the environment . He credits the rapid growth of the Islamic finance sector on the success of "  sukuk " -- Islamic bonds . In the West , banks including Lloyds TSB , HSBC , Deutsche Bank and Citibank all offer Islamic finance products , catering to a niche market of Muslim borrowers . But while Islamic banks allow Muslims to take advantage of financial services that are consistent with their religious beliefs , it is the ethics underpinning Islamic finance that are attracting the interest of conventional finance institutions keen to learn lessons from the banking crisis . Although Islamic banks have suffered from the global repercussions of the economic downturn , they emerged largely unscathed from the initial banking meltdown that brought about that financial turmoil . Ahmed told CNN that is because Islamic banks are not allowed to deal in mortgage-backed securities or credit-default swaps , two of the practices accused of helping bring about the banking crisis . Khorshid said that although it 's too early to say if Islamic finance has dealt with economic downturn better than conventional finance , the Islamic system has many more layers of risk assessment and management , which could help protect it from the problems afflicting conventional banks . But the growth of Islamic finance has brought its own problems . Critics say some banks use Islamic finance to package what are essentially conventional products . "  Islamic banks are also driven by the profit motive and sometimes that can dominate the ethics , " Ahmed told CNN . While Europe is catching up with the demand for these banking products , the U.S. is lagging behind . Ahmed says that regulatory and legal changes are needed for Islamic finance to grow in the U.S. , but he adds there are signs that Canada may become a North American center for Islamic finance . The lack of Islamic finance services in the U.S. is reflected in a relative lack of demand for Islamic finance courses , but in the UK there is the opposite problem . With students coming from Asia and the Middle East to get the qualifications that will help them take advantage of the Islamic finance boom , Ahmed says it is difficult for universities to find qualified teaching staff . "  Most people with PhDs in Islamic finance are working in the industry , making a lot of money , " he told CNN . He added that Islamic finance products have the potential to appeal to the non-Muslims market , pointing out that in Malaysia the majority of customers for Islamic banks are n't Muslims . "  If people look at the principles they 'll see something beneficial in terms of economics , rather than just religious reasons . It 's a type of ethical finance that may be attractive to a lot of people . "	There is an increase in demand for academic courses in Islamic finance Some believe Islamic finance principles would have avoided banking crisis Islamic banks do not charge interest or deal in mortgage-backed securities Some principles are similar to those used for ethical investments
Hundreds of people are feared dead following deep , devastating landslides Friday in a remote , mountainous part of far northeastern Afghanistan , a provincial governor said . A landslide crashed down around noon in an area with some 300 homes in the district of Argo in Badakhshan province , the area 's governor , Shah Waliullah Adeeb , said . Citing reports from tribal elders and district council members he added that a wedding ceremony was taking place in that area at the time . Close to 600 people from a nearby village then came to help dig people out when a new landslide struck , Adeeb said . The provincial governor said there are 2,700 dead , an estimate based on the premise that some houses were occupied , the number of wedding attendees and those who came to help only to get buried themselves . Yet Ari Gaitanis , a spokesman for the United Nation 's Afghanistan mission , reported later Friday a smaller figure of 350 deaths . At the same time , Gaitanis acknowledged the toll could rise Saturday with search efforts underway . The affected area is n't densely populated , according to the U.N. spokesman , who estimated about 700 families live in the village . Gaitanis said that 120 houses were destroyed . The out-of-the-way location -- far from a major city , bordered by Tajikistan to the north and Pakistan to the south -- as well as the rocky terrain and abundant mountains makes it difficult to reach , said the U.N. official . That said , search-and-rescue teams were able to reach the area later Friday . But the rescue efforts are difficult with rubble 25 to 30 meters  80 to 100 feet  deep covering the ground , according to Adeeb , the governor . He noted worries that another 700 houses are in danger if there 's another landslide . The United States is "  ready to help our Afghan partners as they respond to this disaster , " U.S. President Obama said Friday outside the White House . "  I want to say on behalf of the American people that our thoughts are with the people of Afghanistan , who have experienced an awful tragedy , " Obama said during a wide-ranging news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Badakhshan , is a sparsely populated region comprising a majority Tajik population and an Uzbek and Kyrgyz minority . It was the only province that was not controlled by the Taliban when it ruled Afghanistan .	Local governor fears 2,700 dead ; a U.N. official says 350 killed , but toll may rise There was a wedding ceremony happening at the time of landslide , governor says A landslide struck a remote , mountainous area in northeast Afghanistan around noon Hundreds from a nearby village came to help , then another landslide hit
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Three U.S. soldiers were killed and 31 others wounded in two rocket attacks Sunday afternoon in Baghdad , the U.S. military said . Mehdi Army militiamen celebrate after attacking an Iraqi Army vehicle in Baghdad 's Sadr City on Sunday . Earlier Sunday , fighting between U.S. troops and the Mehdi Army militia loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr left at least 20 dead and 52 wounded in Baghdad 's Sadr City , according to an Iraqi Interior Ministry official . The U.S. military said it had no information about the Sadr City fighting . Sunday 's violence came as Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki demanded al-Sadr disband his Mehdi Army and threatened to bar al-Sadr 's followers from the political process if the cleric refused . Watch a report from the front line in Sadr City " "  A decision was taken yesterday that they no longer have a right to participate in the political process or take part in the upcoming elections unless they end the Mehdi Army , " al-Maliki said . Sunday 's American fatalities bring the death toll of U.S. troops in the Iraq war to 4,022 ; that toll includes eight civilian contractors working for the Pentagon . Nearly 30,000 others have been wounded in action . An attack involving a "  couple of rounds " of fire on the International Zone , also known as the Green Zone , killed two soldiers and wounded 17 others about 3:30 p.m. , a military official said , declining to give the specific location of the attack for security reasons . A separate attack about 30 minutes earlier killed one soldier and wounded 14 at a U.S. military outpost in Rustamiya in southeastern Baghdad , the military said . Responding to al-Maliki 's comments , a spokesman for al-Sadr , Sheikh Salah al-Obeidi , said that any effort to bar Sadrists from participation in politics would be unconstitutional -- and that any decision to disband the Mehdi Army is not the government 's to make . "  It is up to the side that established it , " he said . Al-Maliki spoke in an exclusive interview with CNN after a weeklong military offensive against what Iraqi officials called gangs and militia members in the southern Iraqi city of Basra . Hundreds were killed or wounded in the fighting across Iraq , which reportedly ended when Iranian and Iraqi Shiite officials held talks in Iran with al-Sadr . Asked about Iran 's role in ending the Basra conflict , al-Maliki attributed the cease-fire to the work of his security forces . Haidar al-Abadi , an Iraqi lawmaker who belongs to al-Maliki 's Dawa Party , said last week that Iranian officials participated in the discussions , and another source close to the talks said the Iranians pressured al-Sadr to craft an agreement . "  I am not aware of such an attempt , " al-Maliki said Sunday . "  What happened on the ground and the breakdown in the structure of this militia is what made Muqtada al-Sadr issue his statement to withdraw his militants from the streets . What happened was something to save Muqtada , not to help us . " Watch al-Maliki talk about issues that concern Iraq " In northern Iraq , security forces detained a suspect Sunday and were searching for others in connection with the kidnapping of 42 college students , authorities said . Gunmen seized the male students in northern Iraq before releasing them several hours later , according to a military spokesman and police in Nineveh province . None was harmed , according to the U.S. military . Gunmen stopped two buses loaded with students who were on their way to college , but one bus managed to escape , police said . Four students on the bus that escaped were wounded by gunfire , police said . Students on the other bus were released Sunday afternoon after coalition military forces spotted the bus during an air patrol on the western outskirts of Mosul , according to a U.S. military news release . The kidnappers fled the vehicle after it was stopped , according to a military press release . Other developments  A Christian priest was shot and killed in eastern Baghdad 's Wihda neighborhood around noon Saturday , according to an Iraqi Interior Ministry official . The priest was identified as Father Yousif Adel . He belonged to St. Peter and Paul 's Assyrian Orthodox Church .  At least two people were killed Saturday and 16 others wounded when a bomb exploded in a minibus in eastern Baghdad 's Beirut Square , the official said .  President Bush is planning to address the nation Thursday morning about the Iraq war , sources said . Bush is expected to address the administration 's decision to reduce combat tours of duty from 15 months to 12 months , Republican and Democratic sources said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Nic Robertson , Jomana Karadsheh and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	Rocket attacks kill 3 U.S. troops , wound 31 Prime minister to ban Sadrists from politics if Mehdi Army not disbanded One arrested in kidnapping of a busload of college students , police say Interior Ministry official says militia fighting U.S. troops in Sadr City
MOSCOW , Russia -- Russia declared an end Thursday to its 10-year anti-terror "  operation " in the autonomous republic of Chechnya . Russian forces have been operating in Chechnya since Boris Yeltsin 's order in 1999 . The end to the offensive could see the withdrawal of thousands of troops from the Muslim-majority region , where Russia has fought two wars since the collapse of the Soviet Union in December 1991 . The head of the Federal Security Service "  canceled the decree declaring a counterterrorist operation in the territory of the republic as of midnight of April 16 , " Russia 's anti-terror committee said . It said it did so to create "  the conditions for the future normalization of the situation in the republic , its reconstruction and development of its socio-economic sphere , " it said in a statement . The late president Boris Yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 1999 . Since then , the region has been relatively stable .	Russia declares end to 10-year anti-terror "  operation " in Chechnya Thousands of troops could be withdrawn from Muslim-majority region Former president Boris Yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 1999
Washington  CNN  -- The efforts by leaders of Turkey and Brazil to broker a nuclear deal with Iran reflects growing dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower , which they view as outdated and unjust . And their intervention on the Iran issue reflects a growing perception among many countries that the United States is unable to resolve international conflicts alone . The visit this week to Tehran by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was a rare show of personal , high-stakes diplomacy by a pair of world leaders . Turkey and Brazil hailed the agreement they reached for Iran to ship some of its nuclear fuel out of the country as a major step toward resolving Iran 's years-old standoff with the West . But it was promptly pooh-poohed by the United States , which , a day after the deal was announced , introduced a sanctions resolution to the United Nations Security Council in what was perceived widely in Ankara and Brasilia as an American snub of two close allies . The Obama administration never really supported Turkey and Brazil 's diplomatic efforts . While U.S. officials were prepared to be pleasantly surprised if Lula and Erdogan were able to produce a deal that addressed all their concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , they did n't think that it would happen and were concerned the deal would complicate efforts to pass the U.N. resolution . For Lula and Erdogan , however , the introduction of the resolution handicaps their efforts to get Iran to cooperate . Brazil and Turkey , both emerging democracies , have been eagerly flexing their muscles on the international stage for some time . Some of their reasons for pursuing a more active global diplomatic role are similar , others are quite different . Ankara 's interest in trying to mediate the standoff with Iran is primarily regional , driven by the desire to avoid a conflict on its border . Iran is also a large trading partner with whom Turkey has lucrative oil and gas deals . Iran is n't the first issue Turkey has tried to mediate between countries in its neighborhood . In 2008 Turkey led indirect talks between Israel and Syria , although there was no breakthrough . For years Turkey has sought to position itself as a bridge between East and West . Even as it plays an important role in NATO and seeks to join the European Union , Turkey has clung to its Muslim identity . This week Ankara announced its bid to host the summit meeting of leaders of the Organization of the Islamic Conference in 2014 . Turkey argues it is uniquely poised to coax the Iranian regime into cooperating with the international community . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu recently told a group of reporters in Washington that no country understands the Iranian mindset and culture like Turkey . In addition to sharing a border , he noted the two countries share a long history and that many Iranians speak Turkish , including Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Lula , who leaves office at the end of the year , also saw himself as the one leader who could broker a deal between Iran and the West . But his interest is largely for that of his stature and his country 's . As one of the world 's big emerging economies , Brazil and the other BRIC countries -- Brazil , Russia , India and China -- account for about half of the global growth and represent 40 percent of the world 's population . Lula has artfully parlayed his country 's newfound economic influence into a role for Brazil as a growing world power Hugely popular at home and abroad , Lula was hailed by newspapers around the world as a talented diplomat when the Iran deal was announced . But privately U.S. officials complain that Lula is trying to play statesman at the expense of their own diplomatic efforts . "  For him it 's a brass ring , " one senior U.S. official said . "  Iran just happens to be convenient . " It may be a little of both . Lula has spent much of his seven-year term advocating for a greater international role for Brazil , including a permanent seat at the United Nations , which he argues is dominated by a handful of nations . He has positioned himself as a leader of Latin America 's growing leftist movement and has been able to skillfully balance Brazil 's growing partnership with Washington with warm relations with U.S. foes like Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez and Ahmadinejad . Perhaps most importantly , Lula has become a champion of developing nations , many of which have a different world view than the United States . This "  different " world view includes the notion that sanctions are not an effective means of diplomacy and only leaders to escalation , a belief which Turkey shares . The U.S. lost much of its credibility over the war in Iraq , Guantanamo and , more recently , the world economic crisis . While Brazil and Turkey both have good relationships with the United States , they have sought to fill what they see as the leadership vacuum left by America . While Obama has made it a priority to restore U.S. prestige around the world , he faces no shortage of thorny international issues : Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , extremism in Pakistan , the Middle East conflict and North Korea 's antics to name a few . Emerging powers like Brazil and Turkey are ready , willing and eager to help solve them if the United States will let them .	Intervention from Turkey , Brazil reflects dissatisfaction with U.S. leadership , Labott says Brazil , Turkey tout nuclear agreement reached with Iran The next day , U.S. introduced sanctions resolution to U.N. Security Council For Lula and Erdogan , resolution handicaps their efforts to work with Iran , Labott says
The five-minute video opens with a man cruising along in his car , cracking open a bottle of what appears to be Beck 's beer and taking a swig . "  We all know drinking and driving is against the law . You 're not supposed to do that . But they did n't say anything about driving and then drinking , " the man says to the camera . "  You just have to be learned enough to understand the symbols of drunkenness . " The man , Richard Godbehere , posted the clip in February under the title "  Let 's Go Driving , Drinking ! " to LiveLeak , a video-sharing site where users can vote on and donate to videos they like . Even so , he appeared surprised when police showed up at his house in Kapa'a , Hawaii , to arrest him on charges of consuming alcohol while operating a vehicle and driving without a license . "  It 's unbelievable , " Godbehere told CNN . He says the video was meant as a parody . "  There was no beer in that bottle . " Godbehere is due in court in June , and police in Kaua'i told CNN the case will come down to whether a judge or jury believes him . "  Our traffic laws are in place for a reason , and Mr. Godbehere 's blatant disregard for those laws is the type of behavior that wo n't be tolerated , " said Kaua'i Police Chief Darryl Perry in a statement . Social networks offer platforms for us to share everything on the Internet , from our relationship statuses to our political leanings and photos of our pets and children . But some people are discovering that what they share on Facebook , Twitter and other platforms constitutes evidence that can be used against them in a court of law . Related : When evidence of sex assault goes viral One expert told CNN that anything posted online is material the government can use as evidence to arrest and charge a person . "  In criminal cases , almost all evidence is discoverable and police can obtain the evidence , " said Bradley Shear , a Washington-area lawyer specializing in social media law . "  It 's just a matter of what hoops they have to jump through . " The government can subpoena deleted content from social media companies , as a judge did from Twitter for a case involving an Occupy New York protester in July 2012 . But sometimes , law enforcement does n't have to jump through any hoops to collect potentially incriminating evidence -- they just have to click around online . "  It 's like that old saying , " said professor Susan Rozelle , who teaches evidence and criminal law at Stetson University College of Law in Gulfport , Florida . "  Do n't put anything on your Facebook page you would n't tell your mother , or the local police department . " Steubenville The most high-profile recent example of this was in Steubenville , Ohio , where social media played a role in the case of two football players who were found guilty last month of raping a drunken 16-year-old girl . The girl did n't remember much of what happened when Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 , sexually assaulted her at a party in August of 2012 . Her family and law enforcement learned of the assault after cell phone pictures and videos , taken by partygoers , popped up on Facebook and other sites . One key piece of evidence was an Instagram photo of the two boys carrying the girl out of a house . Mays , who shared photos of the girl naked and passed out , was also found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor . The case caught fire on both conventional media and social media after a crime blogger and former Steubenville resident , Alexandria Goddard , uncovered some of the photos , videos and messages posted online about the incident and accused the town of giving the boys preferential treatment because they played on the football team . Police denied the claim . Just last month , two teenage girls were arrested and charged with intimidating a witness after police said they made threats against the victim on Twitter . Prosecutors have said they are considering additional charges against witnesses who refused to speak up . A grand jury will meet April 30 to hear evidence . ' ... to whoever 's vehicle i hit i am sorry ' Early on the morning of January 1 of this year , police in Astoria , Oregon , responded to a call about a hit-and-run on a residential street . There they found two cars had been sideswiped by an unknown driver , leaving behind a bumper cover and pieces of a taillight . Later that day , an officer received a private Facebook message alerting her to a Facebook status update recently posted by Astoria resident Jacob Cox-Brown , 18 . It read , "  Drivin drunk ... classsic ; but to whoever 's vehicle i hit i am sorry . :P " Officers went to Cox-Brown 's home and arrested him after finding a damaged vehicle missing pieces that matched those left behind at the crime scene . In an interview with ABC affiliate KATU-TV , the owner of one of the damaged vehicles said what everyone watching the case was probably thinking : "  Why would you post that ? He basically just turned himself in . " Cox-Brown told KATU that his Facebook status update was "  a big joke " and that he sideswiped the cars because of icy conditions . He is due in court April 22 . Shear , the social media law expert , said he would never allow a client to post anything like that online . But he argued that Cox-Brown 's post alone would not be enough for a DUI conviction . Prosecutors would need additional evidence , such as a blood-alcohol-level report , he said . "  You want to focus on charging someone with something you can prove in the court of law , " he said . That may explain why police said Cox-Brown is charged not with driving under the influence but with two counts of "  failing to perform the duties of a driver . " The Montreal Metro Drinking Marathon A group of young partiers in Montreal gave authorities plenty of online evidence last month after a binge-drinking journey through the city 's subways . The group participated in what they called the Montreal Metro Drinking Marathon , with plans to drink a beer at every station on the 30-stop Orange line . They made it to 18 stations before losing focus , according to a post about it on Mook-life . com , a blog about youth culture in Montreal . "  I guess alcohol got the best of us and we completely forgot what was going on at one point but in my opinion that makes us all winners ! " said the March 25 post , which has since been taken down . The group also posted photos , some with blurred faces , of members chugging beers on the trains and urinating at the subway stations -- both violations of city ordinances . News sites republished some of the photos , and authorities took notice . Montreal police are now investigating the incidents and have asked for help in identifying the participants . A lawyer representing some of the partiers involved is negotiating with investigators , Montreal police said . Canada and the United States have similar protections against suspects incriminating themselves while in custody , but voluntary gloating or confessions online are free game for law enforcement , legal experts said . "  What the Fifth Amendment protects against is compulsory confessions , " Rozelle said . "  No one compelled them to take photos of themselves drinking and peeing . " "  The problem is that people do n't realize that you ca n't take it back , " added Shear . "  It 's almost impossible to unpost something . " When posting a photo is a crime It 's one thing to be arrested for posting a photo that shows you breaking the law . It 's another to be arrested for posting a photo of someone else 's handiwork . In another case of social media consequences in Montreal , a woman was arrested earlier this month after she posted a photo on Instagram of graffiti she spotted on a city wall that depicted a high-ranking Montreal police officer with a bullet hole in his head . Jennifer Pawluck , 20 , was accused of criminal harassment and intimidation , according to Montreal police . "  I think the person behind the artwork should be in my place ... all I did was take a photo , " she told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . Pawluck has not been formally charged but is scheduled to appear in court on May 24 . A Montreal police spokesperson said there 's more behind her arrest than just the posting of the photo , but declined to offer further details . Legal experts say photos and videos , whether posted publicly online or obtained in a more discreet manner by the police , have to meet the same criteria : They must be authenticated , meaning the prosecutors must prove the images are what they seem and have not been altered or staged . And they ca n't be shown out of context . "  You ca n't just show a snippet that makes it seem worse than it is , " said Rozelle , the Stetson University law professor . When the accused admit to posting the materials themselves , authentication is n't as much of a question . But in the cases of Godbehere , in Hawaii , and Cox-Brown , in Oregon , the incriminating posts put them in the awkward position of having to disavow their own words , experts say . Either way , Rozelle says , criminals ' trumpeting their crimes is nothing new . "  People have always said foolish things , " Rozelle said , "  but now they have the ability to say it louder and to more people . "	Law enforcement can obtain virtually anything posted online and use it against a person One man was arrested for posting a video of himself driving and drinking online Social sharing played a large part in the highly publicized Steubenville rape case Defendants may have to deny their own words if they admit to a crime online
CNN  -- Brazil playmaker Kaka confirmed his transfer from Italian side AC Milan to Spanish club Real Madrid , in a move worth a reported $ 100 million . Kaka announces to the world that he will play for Real Madrid next season . "  Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , Kaka , now plays for Real Madrid following the deal reached with AC Milan , " Real Madrid announced on its Web site . "  The Brazilian footballer satisfactorily passed a full medical checkup . Kaka has signed a contract linking him to Real Madrid for the next six seasons . " Spanish media reported the deal was worth in the region of $ 100 million  65 million euro  . Due to fluctuations in exchange rates this figure eclipses the previous transfer record paid in dollars by Real for French star Zinedine Zidane in 2001 , but not in euros.All the latest transfer gossip "  It will be very difficult to fill the void that Kaka will leave , as he is a shining example of commitment and professionalism , " the Italian side said in a prepared statement . "  AC Milan , on behalf of the Rossoneri managers , players and supporters , send him the most cordial and affectionate wishes for the continuation of his sporting career . " See the 20 most wanted footballers The 2007 World Player of the Year completed the deal following a medical examination on Monday , at the request of the Spanish Primera Liga giants , his national federation said . The 27-year-old midfielder is currently on international duty ahead of Brazil 's World Cup qualifier against Paraguay on Wednesday but was released for the medical tests in the north-eastern city of Recife . International duty means the official unveiling of the player in the Spanish capital will more then likely not occur until the end of the month , after Kaka returns from helping Brazil defend the Confederations Cup in South Africa . Kaka is set to become the first of the new wave of "  galacticos " brought together under the leadership of returning club president Florentino Perez . Milan president Silvio Berlusconi had told Kaka that he had to decide on his future on Monday . The Serie A club 's owner revealed on Italian television station Rai , he would meet with the Brazil playmaker at the start of next week to thrash out Kaka 's future . Milan chief executive Adriano Galliani said last week that the club had agreed to sell the 27-year-old Kaka for "  solely economic " reasons . "  Milan can not go on losing $ 100 million a year , " he told Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport on Thursday "  Kaka has behaved very professionally with us , he has never asked for his deal to be revised or his contract extended . He has been here six years and won everything there is to win . But we ca n't afford to miss out on $ 100 million . " Galliani had said there was no chance of English club Chelsea -- who appointed former Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti as manager on Monday -- swooping in to beat Real for Kaka 's signature . An agreement with Chelsea could not exist , " he told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  Kaka goes to Real or he remains at Milan . That is his will and we are doing everything in complete agreement . " Kaka scored the final goal from the penalty spot as Brazil moved to the top of South American qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals after thrashing Uruguay 4-0 in Montevideo , their first victory in the country for 33 years . With Milan , Kaka won an array of awards including the Champions League , the UEFA Super Cup , the FIFA Club World Cup and the Seria A title . He was a crucial part of Brazil 's 2002 World Cup-winning squad he was also voted the FIFA World Player of the Year in 2007 . Last January , Kaka rejected a move to Premier League Manchester City who were prepared to pay him a reported $ 750,000 per week .	NEW : Kaka signs deal with Real Madrid , Spanish club announces Transfer from A.C. Milan worth a reported $ 100 million , according to media reports Chief executive Galliani says that Milan must sell Kaka for economic reasons Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team for World Cup qualifying double
Attorney General Eric Holder announced Monday that members of the Chinese military have engaged in the hacking of American businesses and entities , including U.S. Steel Corp. , Westinghouse , Alcoa , Allegheny Technologies , the United Steel Workers Union and SolarWorld . The victims operate in Pennsylvania , and a grand jury there returned a 31-count indictment against members of the Chinese military , accusing them of violating federal law by hacking to spy and steal secrets , Holder said . The indictment alleges that five People 's Liberation Army officers "  maintained unauthorized access to victim computers to steal information from these entities that would be useful " to the victims ' competitors in China , the attorney general said . Their names are Wang Dong , Sun Kailiang , Wen Xinyu , Huang Zhenyu and Gu Chunhui , according to the indictment . The Chinese government did not immediately confirm or deny the veracity of the names . In some instances , the hackers stole trade secrets that would have been "  particularly beneficial to Chinese companies at the time that they were stolen , " Holder said . In other cases , they are accused of swiping sensitive internal communications that could provide a competitor or a litigation adversary with insight into the strategy and the vulnerabilities of the victimized companies and entities , he said . The attorney general said that he hopes the Chinese government will work with American officials to bring the offenders to justice and that the United States intends to prosecute . The Chinese Embassy in Washington referred questions to a statement on China 's Foreign Ministry site in which spokesman Qin Gang called the charges "  extremely absurd . " He said that the United States "  has fabricated facts " and that China is a "  staunch defender of cyber security . " The statement said the Chinese government , its military and "  associated personnel never engage in any theft of trade secrets . " The indictment "  severely violates basic norms of international relations , and harms cooperation and mutual trust between China and the United States , " the statement said . China protested the U.S. action , the Foreign Ministry statement said , and wants it to "  correct its mistake " and withdraw the charge . China is a "  victim of U.S. cyber surveillance and theft , " the spokesman asserted , saying that "  certain U.S. agencies have been consistently tapping into China 's government agencies , corporates , universities , and private networks for surveillance purposes . " Sensitive subject A spokeswoman for the State Department told reporters that Washington wants to have more dialogue with Beijing about the issue . "  We remain deeply concerned about Chinese government-sponsored , cyber-enabled theft of trade secrets and other sensitive business information for commercial gain , " Jen Psaki said . "  And , again , this was specific to the actions of ... of just a few individuals . And we hope that the Chinese government can understand that . " This was a law enforcement case , she added , not a diplomatic one . "  We continue to believe -- and this is relevant to us , our role here at the State Department -- that we can have a constructive and productive relationship with China , " she said . "  We 're ready to work with China to prevent these types of activities from continuing . " Joining Holder , David Hickton , U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania , said the alleged hacking has caused the victimized U.S. companies to lose capital investments in research and technology . He added that the "  important message " is that cyberespionage "  impacts real people in real and painful ways , " he said . "  The lifeblood of any organization is the people who work , strive and sweat for it . When these cyberintrusions occur , production slows , plants close , workers get laid off and lose their homes , " Hickton said . "  Hacking , spying and cybertheft for commercial advantage can and will be prosecuted criminally even when the defendants are state actors , " he said . These are the first charges against Chinese state officials for what the U.S. says is a widespread problem , U.S. officials told CNN before Holder 's remarks . At a regular news briefing at the White House on Monday , press secretary Jay Carney was asked about the case . "  This is an issue that has been brought up by President Obama with  Chinese  President Xi  Jinping  in their meetings as recently as in March as a general problem that we have seen and reflects the president 's overall concern about cybersecurity , " Carney said . "  We have consistently and candidly raised these concerns with the Chinese government , and today 's announcement reflects our growing concern that this Chinese behavior has continued . " He was adamant that the U.S. "  intelligence programs serve a specific national security mission , and that does not include providing a competitive advantage to U.S. companies or U.S. economic interests , " Carney said . "  In other words , we do not do what those Chinese nationals were indicted for earlier today . Period . " More than 100 people nabbed in global hacker crackdown	State Department says Washington , Beijing need to talk more about the issue Indictment alleges five People 's Liberation Army officers hacked computers United Steel Workers Union , Westinghouse , Alcoa among victims , Eric Holder says China Foreign Ministry spokesman calls charges "  extremely absurd "
CNN  -- Raising the minimum wage continues to be a top Democratic economic priority , insisting that higher pay is critical to helping lift the working poor out of poverty . Some members of Congress put their money where their mouth is . Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio is one Democratic lawmaker who took the "  live the wage challenge " -- to live on pay of $ 7.25 per hour for one week . The effort promoted by Americans United for Change , an advocacy group funded in large part by labor unions , was established to mark the fifth anniversary of the last federal increase in the minimum wage . Its generic calculation estimates those earners , after housing and bills , have $ 77 for the week for food , gas , entertainment and emergencies . A family of five and $ 154 Ryan and his wife , who did the late July challenge with him , had $ 154 for his family of two pre-teen children and a newborn . President Barack Obama and Democrats in Congress have advocated lifting the minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour . But many Republicans oppose that , saying that it would cause economic hardship for businesses and lead to job loss or stalled employment growth . As the challenge began , Ryan , whose congressional salary pays him 11.6 times the minimum wage , said he was "  nervous about the whole thing . " But he knew that if he ran out of money before the end of seven days , the only consequence would be losing the challenge . He would be able to dip into his bank account and buy things he needed . An early obstacle So why even do it ? "  Because the alternative is to look the other way , " he said . About 22 % of his constituents in his Akron district live on the minimum wage . So with $ 154 in his pocket , he ran into his first roadblock by noon on the first day -- the unexpected kind of expense that can throw a low-wage worker 's budget into a tail spin . His wife , who is at their home in Ohio , said their newborn needed Vitamin D drops and some other incidentals that cost about $ 25 . "  A few hours in and we 're already recognizing the challenges , " he said in his office on Capitol Hill . Anticipating his weekend ahead , Ryan said he was going to have buy hamburger meat and not steak , sardines instead of salmon . Or forgo meat altogether for rice and beans . He and his wife planned out their meals and their grocery list and clipped coupons . Also out for the weekend -- a family trip to the drive-in . "  We 're probably going to have to stay home and rent a movie , " he said . Ca n't afford it Back home , the Ryan family did n't even do that . His kids stepped in and told him they could n't afford it . What they did do is eat a lot of pancakes and "  lucked out " one night , not having to pay for dinner by going to a friend 's picnic . But summer camp for his 10-year-old daughter busted their budget . With two days to go in the challenge , it was time for him to travel back to Washington  a cost not included in the rules  . Ryan had a little more than $ 4 left . He spent his last few dollars on trail mix from the convenience store in the basement of a House office building . Actually , it cost a bit more than what he had left so he had to dig into his pre-challenge pocket to pay the difference . ` We did n't make it but it was a great experience , " he said . Gubernatorial candidate goes homeless to prove point Ryan said he was , to a small extent , able to understand the challenges of living on the minimum wage . He admitted that he and his family were going to eat even if they do n't meet the challenge and that many families go to the food bank or just do n't eat if they run out before the next paycheck . But he said he learned valuable lessons . A curveball "  One little small curveball can really throw you for a loop . Then you have stress . And ... stress makes you sick , then it drives up health care costs , " he said . "  It really drove the point home to me that all of these things are interconnected and if we do n't start approaching our economy , our health policies , our food policies as ... interconnected , we 're never going to solve the problem . " Ryan logged his journey on his Facebook page . It led to a discussion that included more than 600 comments . Many of them from low-wage workers who say he could never understand what they go through . Here 's one comment by Eric M. Chaffin : "  Really and this is who is an appointed Congressman . The audacity to post this is out of my realm of belief . So sorry you had to eat trail mix to get through one afternoon . Thank GOD you and your family didnt have to survive on Ramen Noodles , Bologna , and Mac and Cheese like so many of us out there week to week . Smh . " That 's the point And Amanda Callaway wrote , "  Trying paying rent and bills and feed your family and put gas in a very unreliable car because you ca n't afford anything reliable then when it breaks down and you got to pick what bill wont get paid so you can fix your car . " Ryan 's response : "  You are talking about the minimum wage right now . " And that 's the point , he said . "  There is no way my wife and I could simulate the stress levels and decision making that has to go into living on a minimum wage , " he said . "  Our job  in Congress  is to go understand to the best we can what our constituents need and I 'm not going to apologize for that , " he said .	Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio took the minimum wage challenge His family of five lived off the minimum wage for one week Some were critical of his efforts , saying it pales in comparison to what low-wage workers face Obama and Democrats have pushed to raise the minimum wage
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A 9-month-old Pakistani boy who was booked in connection with an attempted murder case is no longer wanted by police , his family 's lawyer said . Days earlier , the baby had bawled as he was fingerprinted in Lahore after his family members allegedly threw bricks at police trying to collect an unpaid bill . The ordeal started February 1 when several police officers and a bailiff went to a home hoping to get payment for a gas bill , said Atif Zulfikar Butt , a senior police official in Lahore . A scuffle ensued , during which the infant 's father , one of his teenage sons and others in the residence severely injured some of the officials by tossing bricks their way , according to Butt . That led authorities to seek out those in the house . An official document aired by CNN affiliate GEO News shows charges of stoning and attempted murder . How and why the baby was implicated was unclear , though the Lahore police official acknowledged that the child appeared in court Wednesday and was booked as his grandfather held him . Following media coverage of the incident , Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif directed police to immediately suspend a Pakistani official for registering the case against the baby boy , according to police .	The boy was previously booked and fingerprinted in Lahore Official : Police had come to the boy 's home to collect an unpaid gas bill A police official was suspended after media reported the story
Hartford , Connecticut  CNN  -- Fred Wright may have grown up on Garden Street , but his early childhood was far from rosy . "  It 's tough growing up here , " said Wright of his low-income neighborhood in Hartford , Connecticut . "  There 's a lot of negative influences . ... It 's easy to take the wrong path . " Raised by a single mother , Wright struggled with behavioral issues and was forced to transfer schools several times . He ultimately reached a point where he felt like he had nothing to live for . "  I was walking around with a lot on my shoulders , " he said . "  I could n't handle it . I did n't care about life anymore . " But all that started to change when Wright met Patricia Kelly . "  I was 7 years old when I met Mrs. Kelly . ... I was n't used to strictness . I was n't used to hearing the word ` no , ' " said Wright , now 17 . Kelly , a former U.S. Marine and an equestrian , took Wright under her wing and helped him find hope in an unlikely place : on a horse . "  Fred was like a round peg everybody kept trying to squeeze into a square hole , " Kelly said . "  He was hurting . He needed a place he could express himself . The  riding  arena became that place for him . " For the last 30 years , Kelly has helped children in Hartford stay on the right track through her nonprofit , Ebony Horsewomen . The program offers horseback riding lessons and teaches animal science to more than 300 young people a year . "  We use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing , " said Kelly , 66 . "  They learn that they have ability . They just have to unlock it . " Closing ` the gap ' Connecticut ranks fourth among the wealthiest states in America , according to the Census Bureau . But it also has one of the nation 's largest income gaps between rich and poor . Kelly , who has lived in Hartford most of her life , witnessed the effects of that inequality on the youth . "  It is a divided city ; the children in the poorer neighborhoods have less resources , " Kelly said . By exposing those children to horsemanship , Kelly aims to give them an alternative to the streets and an opportunity to turn their lives around . "  When you teach a child to ride a horse , they learn they are the center of their environment , " said Kelly , whose program reaches children from age 5 to 19 . "  Once they make that connection , they can change what happens in school , at home and in the community . " The group 's equestrian and agricultural center is nestled inside a 693-acre park . Complete with a horse stable , riding arena and an ice cream parlor , it 's a far cry from the dilapidated homes and boarded up school buildings that lie just beyond its gates . Kelly 's equestrian fleet includes 14 horses and a Shetland pony . Also on the farm are chickens , rabbits , fish , birds and turtles , all of which have been bred by the children who have made this urban oasis their home away from home . A brotherhood on horseback Among the programs offered by Kelly 's group is its unique Junior Mounted Patrol , in which participants serve as park rangers . "  We 're the eyes and ears of the park , " said Wright , who is the lieutenant of the all-boys group . Led by older male mentors , the special unit is comprised of boys as young as 8 , who meet each Sunday for a day full of activities . They tend to the barn and horses , take riding lessons and participate in wellness workshops . The older boys in the group ride out on patrol through the park . "  The guys have seen quite a number of things , " Kelly said . "  They have seen drug deals . They 've seen fighting . They 've seen sexual acts . They 've seen dumping . ... If they see these kinds of things , they report it back in and we turn it over to the police . " In the case of young men like Wright , the nonprofit has been a critical part of their development . "  I ca n't tell you where I would be without this program . It changed my life . It 's helped me set goals for myself , " said Wright , who has dreams of becoming an equine blacksmith and dentist . He hopes to attend Cornell University after he graduates high school next year . For Kelly , stories like Wright 's serve as a testament to nature 's healing powers . "  Children should have light in their eyes . The light signifies hope , " Kelly said . "  When they come here , we can begin to turn the light back on . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Ebony Horsewomen website at www.ebonyhorsewomen.us and see how to help .	Patricia Kelly 's nonprofit is teaching horseback riding and animal science to children The nonprofit is giving at-risk youth an alternative to the streets Kelly : "  We use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing "
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexico on Wednesday admitted that American unmanned drones operate over its territory , but denied that it constitutes a violation of its sovereignty . U.S. Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicles have been used to collect intelligence and track drug traffickers , but only under Mexican supervision , according to a statement by the technical secretariat for the Mexican National Security Council . "  Each of these actions is undertaken with full respect to the law , " the statement says . The New York Times first reported that the Pentagon had begun flying high-altitude , unarmed drones over Mexico last month . The joint operation is designed to gather intelligence that can be acted upon by Mexican authorities . Such flights were responsible for obtaining information that led to the capture of several suspects in the February 15 slaying of a U.S. immigration agent in Mexico , the paper reported . The flights had been kept secret "  because of legal restrictions in Mexico and the heated political sensitivities there about sovereignty , " The New York Times reported .	U.S. drones are flying over Mexican territory , the Mexican government says The Mexican government says it has oversight The drones helped follow suspects in a U.S. agent 's killing
WIRED  -- Android chief Andy Rubin took to the blogs Wednesday evening to combat recent reports of Google clamping down on Android 's openness . "  We continue to be an open source platform and will continue releasing source code when it is ready , " wrote Rubin on the Android Developer Blog . "  As I write this the Android team is still hard at work to bring all the new Honeycomb features to phones . As soon as this work is completed , we 'll publish the code . This temporary delay does not represent a change in strategy . " Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple 's closed iOS system . That openness has been called into question recently , as Google has yet to release the Honeycomb source code to all developers and manufacturers . Honeycomb is Android 's first tablet-optimized software release . Rubin cites the difference in form factor between tablets and phones as the reason Google has n't released Honeycomb 's source code to device manufacturers and developers . Motorola is the exception : The company 's Honeycomb-fueled Xoom tablet has been on the market for more than a month , which makes Google 's decision to hold the code from wide release a bit mystifying . Members of the Android industry showed faith in Google , however . "  They say they 're going to release it , I 'm not gon na call them liars , " Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin told WIRED.com in an interview . The Android OS is based on a version of the Linux OS , which has been an open source , collaborative platform since its release decades ago . Rubin 's post also addressed questions raised in a recent Bloomberg story about Android 's level of control over its partners . Bloomberg wrote : Over the past few months , according to several people familiar with the matter , Google has been demanding that Android licensees abide by "  non-fragmentation clauses " that give Google the final say on how they can tweak the Android code -- to make new interfaces and add services -- and in some cases whom they can partner with . Rubin combats this claim directly , stating Google 's so-called "  anti-fragmentation program has been in place since Android 1.0 , " citing a list of compatibility requirements manufacturers must adhere to in order to market a device as "  Android-compatible . " He 's referring to Android 's compatibility test suite , or CTS , an automated litmus test to measure whether or not a piece of hardware can claim to run Android . "  Our approach remains unchanged : There are no lock-downs or restrictions against customizing UIs , " wrote Rubin . Motorola vouches for Rubin 's statement . "  In the time since we 've started working with Google , our relationship has matured , but it is n't any more limiting than it ever has been , " Christy Wyatt , Motorola 's VP of mobile software development , told Wired.com . "  I do n't believe that anything has changed in the CTS since the beginning . " Finally , Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform , much of which arose in the wake of an anonymously sourced DigiTimes story . "  There are not , and never have been , any efforts to standardize the platform on any single chipset architecture , " Rubin wrote . With the Nexus One , Google 's first flagship phone , the company worked with Qualcomm to install its 1-GHz Snapdragon ARM processors in the HTC-manufactured handsets . The subsequent Nexus S came equipped with Samsung 's 1-GHz Hummingbird processor , which is also based on ARM architecture . It 's out of character for Rubin and Android to post such a defensive update . Rumors circulating in the media are usually given a brusque "  no comment " by Google 's communications team . But the title of Rubin 's post -- "  I think I 'm having a Gene Amdahl moment " -- explains it all . Amdahl coined the acronym FUD  fear , uncertainty and doubt  in 1975 . After leaving IBM to form his own IT company , Amdahl claimed he suffered attacks by IBM sales staff attempting to undermine his new venture . All of this negative attention is n't good for Android 's "  open " image , and maybe that 's what overcame Rubin 's reluctance to speak : too much FUD about Android 's future . Whether or not this FUD is warranted , however , remains to be seen . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple 's closed iOS system Honeycomb is Android 's first tablet-optimized software release Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform
SEDONA , Arizona  CNN  -- Instead of appealing for votes on the campaign trail , Sen. John McCain spent the weekend playing host at his rustic Arizona home -- and on Sunday members of the traveling press corps were his guests . It was a news-free zone , and a charm offensive to be sure -- but also a window into the private setting and self-described oasis of the man who may be days away from mathematically clinching the GOP nomination , months after being left for political dead . McCain greeted reporters as he tended to the grill -- tongs in hand -- on the deck of his ranch house . Clad in a green Maine Maritime Academy baseball hat , white sweat shirt with a photograph of his family on it , faded Levis jeans and New Balance sneakers , the presidential candidate stood over two large , sizzling barbecues , preparing baby back ribs and grilled chicken . McCain revealed that barbecuing for guests is one of the few ways he relaxes , especially during the grueling campaign , and was eager to share his carefully honed recipe on the gas grill : baby back ribs  bought at Costco  , cooked bones down with a dry rub that 's a third garlic powder , a third salt and a third pepper . The trick to not letting it dry out ? Keep putting lemon juice on , the senator said . When a print journalist tried to switch gears to more substantive issues , the candidate who tends to take questions from reporters on the road multiple times a day responded , "  No interviews , this is a social event , " which also meant no news pictures or video . McCain 's wife , Cindy , and daughter Meghan also were milling around as well as Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina ; former Sen. Phil Gramm of Texas and his wife , Wendy ; Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. and his wife , Mary Kaye ; top McCain aide Mark Salter ; and senior adviser Charlie Black . McCain took a break from the barbecue , where he was constantly cutting the sizzling meat and feeding reporters right from the grill , to give a short tour around his Hidden Valley property . McCain said the valley was settled by Mormons and that the Hidden Valley Ranch got its name from the horseshoe shape of the creek that runs through the property . He said he built the first house on his property 24 years ago and now there are six houses on his lot . During a tour of the grounds , he peppered guests with wildlife information -- pointing out the black hawk nest overlooking the creek while talking about watching the mother teach the baby how to fly and joking about the woodpecker "  condominium , " telling reporters that woodpeckers had to peck a different nest every year . He said there were 67 kinds of birds on the property and that they also had the occasional coyote or cougar . Dinner was served on tables by Oak Creek , which runs through the property . The menu included ribs , grilled chicken , hot dogs , bratwurst , hamburgers , beef tamales , couscous and pasta salad . A day earlier McCain hosted some of his closest political friends whose public endorsements and private advice helped propel his candidacy . That guest list included Sen. Mel Martinez of Florida and Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty . McCain was mum about his political guests , except to say he enjoyed sharing the ranch with people and that he did n't like solitude . After dinner , McCain showed the press into his living room , decorated with leather sofas , a painting of the Grand Canyon and a Navajo rug tapestry . On the coffee table sat the Profile in Courage Award he received in 1999 , and the July 2005 Architectural Digest that featured the senator and his wife on the cover in their Phoenix home . Also on the walls are framed paintings and pictures drawn by his children when they were young , something McCain said he very much enjoys and was "  all Cindy 's idea . " McCain said the original architect went through some changes in fortune during construction that were evident in the structure of the house : when he was doing well , he would put in things such as a stained-glass window , but when times were lean , he would use exposed plywood . Dessert was served on the deck to Frank Sinatra tunes , one of the senator 's favorites , and McCain held court with reporters for a few more minutes , recalling some of the highlights of the 2008 campaign trail but not revealing anything about his future plans . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash , Tasha Diakides and Evan Glass contributed to this report .	Sen. John McCain hosts press at Arizona ranch McCain says barbecues are one of few ways he relaxes during campaign "  No interviews , this is a social event , " McCain tells reporters
CNN  -- The Iranian exile group Mujahedin-e-Khalq has been removed from a State Department terror list , officials said Friday . The group was put on the list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations , which includes more than 50 groups like al Qaeda and Hezbollah , in 1997 because of the killing of six Americans in Iran in the 1970s and an attempted attack against the Iranian mission to the United Nations in 1992 . However , since 2004 the United States has considered the group , which has lived for more than 25 years at a refugee camp in Iraq , "  noncombatants " and "  protected persons " under the Geneva Conventions . Mujahedin-e-Khalq 's move from Camp Ashraf is nearing completion under the auspices of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq . The members are relocating to a temporary site there before being resettled in third countries . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was under a court order to decide by October 1 whether to remove the group from the terror list . "  With today 's actions , the department does not overlook or forget the MEK 's past acts of terrorism , including its involvement in the killing of U.S. citizens in Iran in the 1970s and an attack on U.S. soil in 1992 , " the State Department said in a statement . "  The department also has serious concerns about the MEK as an organization , particularly with regard to allegations of abuse committed against its own members . "  The Secretary 's decision today took into account the MEK 's public renunciation of violence , the absence of confirmed acts of terrorism by MEK for more than a decade , and their cooperation in the peaceful closure of Camp Ashraf , their historic paramilitary base , " the statement said . Maryam Rajavi , head of Mujahedin-e-Khalq and president-elect of the National Council of Resistance , praised the decision Friday . "  I understand that this decision was difficult and required political courage , " Rajavi said in a statement . "  This has been the correct decision , albeit long overdue , in order to remove a major obstacle in the path of the Iranian people 's efforts for democracy . For more than a decade , the mullahs made every effort to prevent removal of this designation . "  They do not conceal their anger and disappointment and are trying hysterically to counter Secretary Clinton 's decision with their lobby groups in the United States , the United Kingdom and Europe . "  The people of America and the U.S. Government will realize that , contrary to the campaign of demonization and misinformation orchestrated by the religious fascism ruling Iran , our movement is far removed from all the allegations and accusations churned out by the current Iranian regime , is merely striving for freedom and democracy in Iran , and is campaigning against fundamentalism and export of terrorism , " Rajavi said . Being on the list carries a certain stigma and allows the United States to legally go after financing and take other steps against individuals associated with these groups . Officials acknowledge that the decision has been the subject of a contentious debate within the administration . Mujahedin-e-Khalq is considered by many in the administration to be a bizarre cult-like organization , prompting concerns about its behavior . Officials say these concerns factored heavily in the debate . The group denies that it supports terrorism , and supporters rally daily in front of the State Department to demand removal from the terrorism list . Many members of Congress have pressured Clinton to do the same . Moreover , Mujahedin-e-Khalq has paid well-known former U.S. politicians and former administration heavyweights to speak out on its behalf , including former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy , former FBI Director Louis Freeh and former National Security Adviser James Jones . The last major convoy of 680 members of Mujahedin-e-Khalq arrived this month at the temporary relocation site at a former U.S. military base near Baghdad International Airport , the U.N. mission for Iraq said . The State Department said at the time that the arrival marked "  a significant milestone in efforts to achieve a sustainable humanitarian solution to this issue . " Mujahedin-e-Khalq leaders have been reluctant to complete the move from Camp Ashraf to Camp Hurriya , formerly an American facility known as Camp Liberty . They complained about conditions at the new camp , calling it more a prison than a home after the first convoy arrived in February . Camp Ashraf was established in 1986 after former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein invited members of Mujahedin-e-Khalq to relocate to Iraq in an effort to undermine the Iranian government , which was then at war with Iraq . Iran also considers the group to be a terrorist organization .	Mujahedin-e-Khalq was put on terror list in 1997 But since 2004 , the United States has considered the group "  noncombatants " Decision "  does not overlook or forget the MEK 's past acts of terrorism , " U.S. says "  This has been the correct decision , albeit long overdue , " chief says
CNN  -- Long lines lingered in some key states after polls closed in most of the United States , but voters and election officials reported few snags in Tuesday 's balloting . In Florida and Virginia , people who were in line at the end of voting hours were allowed to cast their ballots -- a process that took hours and stretched until nearly midnight Tuesday . "  There have been polling places where there was no down time , " said Donald Palmer , the secretary of Virginia 's state Board of Elections . "  There was a consistent , heavy stream of voters . " But the process was "  very error-free , " he said . Earlier in the day , those long lines prompted some voters to walk away in states such as Florida and Pennsylvania , election observers said . Politics : No surprises for Obama , Romney in earliest projections In Ohio , one of the most closely watched swing states , authorities recorded only a handful of complaints . "  We are unaware of any problems that would substantially stall the reporting process , " Secretary of State Jon Husted said Tuesday night . In two Pennsylvania counties , a voting machine had to be recalibrated after voters complained that it incorrectly displayed their vote for president . Election officials said the voters were able to cast ballots for their intended candidate , and there were no further complaints once the machines were fixed . Numerous problems were reported around Philadelphia . The nonpartisan election monitors from the independent Committee of Seventy said two voting machines had broken down at one precinct on the city 's north side , forcing poll workers to issue provisional ballots . That slowed down an already long line , and at least 30 voters had dropped out , the group said . A judge in the heavily Democratic city ordered election officials to cover a mural of President Barack Obama at one city school that was being used as a polling location Tuesday morning after Republicans complained the painting violated electioneering laws . Politics : Could close race produce a popular/electoral vote split ? GOP poll monitors were being escorted into precincts by sheriff 's deputies after some observers had been denied access earlier in the day , said Tasha Jamerson , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office . As many as 64 of the monitors had been turned away before a judge ordered election officials to admit them , the local Republican Party chapter said . One of the complaints about misbehaving electronic voting machines occurred in Millerstown , in central Pennsylvania 's Perry County , where election officials said they recalibrated the unit after one voter recorded a video of it registering a vote for Obama as one for his Republican challenger , Mitt Romney . The video drew thousands of comments on YouTube and was first confirmed by NBC News . But Ron Ruman , a spokesman for the Pennsylvania secretary of state 's office , told CNN the machine was taken offline after the man complained about it , election workers recalibrated it and there have been no more complaints . A second complaint emerged later Tuesday in Lewisburg , in nearby Union County . Andy Hirsch told CNN that he pressed the box to select Obama several times , only to see the machine indicate a vote for Romney . Hirsch also captured the scene on video , showing him pressing the Obama box several times before the vote registered correctly . Hirsch said he reported the problem to a volunteer poll worker who was calm and receptive to the issue and told him the machine had been having problems all day . Opinion : From Sandy , a lesson for election "  I thought , gee , that 's probably not the reaction to have when casting a ballot for president of the United States , " he said . The worker suggested he use a pencil eraser to finish his ballot , but the video he shot shows the same issue . Hirsch said he saw workers shutting down the machine as he left . Greg Katherman , Union County 's director of elections , confirmed there was an issue with one voting machine , but said there were no further issues after the machine was recalibrated . In other states , most complaints focused on long lines . But in Pinellas County , Florida , which includes St. Petersburg , officials had to send a corrective message to 12,000 absentee voters on Tuesday after an automated call told them they needed to get their ballot in "  tomorrow . " The message was supposed to have gone out Monday , but was sent out Tuesday because of a computer glitch , said Nancy Whitlock , a spokeswoman for the county supervisor of elections . Why you ca n't vote online yet In the Cleveland suburb of Solon , Ohio , Dina Rock said an optical-scan voting machine jammed at her precinct , backing up the line and leaving voters confused as to how their votes would be counted . A poll worker told them to leave their ballots in a bin , "  and he was not friendly at all , " she said . "  People were getting frustrated , and nobody knew what to do , " she said . Voters were told , "  Just put it in here and we 'll fix it later , " she said . Concerned her vote would n't be tabulated , she said she called the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections and was told the ballots would be manually fed into the machine later . "  At that point , I just said , ` OK , that 's just what it is , and I will trust that you know what you 're doing and I will trust that my vote counts , " she said . "  I 'm a very trusting person , and I hope people are honest and they 'll do the right thing . " In Hamilton County , which includes Cincinnati , as many as 15 % of voters in some traditional Democratic precincts had been issued provisional ballots . More than 20,000 provisional ballots were issued in Hamilton County , a traditional Republican stronghold that went for Obama in 2008 . And in New Jersey , state officials allowed voters displaced by Superstorm Sandy last week to cast ballots electronically or by fax . But they extended their deadline to submit those votes until Friday amid numerous complaints about the system . What to watch for on Election Night The state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union went to court Tuesday afternoon on behalf of voters who said their requests for an electronic ballot were n't being acknowledged . "  What 's happening is they 're not receiving any sort of response from their respective county election officials , " said Katie Wang , a spokeswoman for the group . Voters still had to submit an application to vote electronically by 5 p.m. Tuesday , according to an executive order signed by Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno . But they had until 8 p.m. Friday to submit the ballots , the order states . And in New York , which was also smacked by Sandy , polling stations around New York City saw long , slow-moving lines . Gov. Andrew Cuomo 's last-minute decree that any voter could vote at any precinct , a move intended to help those displaced by Sandy , made it "  a little insane right now " at the polling station at Public School 41 in Greenwich Village , a poll coordinator there told CNN Tuesday afternoon . "  So we have everybody coming in from everywhere , " said the coordinator , a Republican who asked not to be named . "  It was for displaced people , but others are taking advantage of it . " Check up-to-the-minute results here CNN 's Brad Rhoads , Ann Colwell , Sarah Hoye and Courtney Yager contributed to this report .	No glitches that would "  substantially stall " Ohio results , secretary of state says Long lines linger after polls close in Florida , Virginia Voting machine glitches in Pennsylvania caught on video New Jersey extends its electronic voting deadline
Washington  CNN  -- The heart of President Barack Obama 's speech Tuesday was the same focus on jobs and middle-class economic uncertainty that 's driven every State of the Union of his presidency . But that was far from the only ground he covered . The president reeled off a laundry list of small-bore proposals : He called on Congress to hike the minimum wage to $ 9 an hour and invest $ 50 billion on rebuilding roads and bridges . He proposed universal preschool for 4-year-olds and linking some federal grant decisions to research schools on their ability to keep tuition costs in check . And he urged Congress to put his full gun control agenda up for a vote . 5 things we learned from the State of the Union Nearly every idea in his speech had a couple of things in common : Virtually all of them are core Democratic priorities presented in language that delighted the base . None of them were shoot-for-the moon ambitious . They were either old ideas repackaged or markedly modest new ones . And few if any of them are likely to become a reality under the current Congress . State of the Union : More same old , same old In a sharp contrast to his first address to Congress four years ago , the president paid lip service to bipartisanship , but he made clear that it was a luxury , not a driving priority . He invited Republicans to join him in a bipartisan effort ... to back the Democratic policy vision . If the speech came across more like a wish list than an action plan with a good chance of making it past the House , that 's because it was . Just laying the exhaustive string of liberal policy priorities seemed to be the point -- a companion to the ideological offensive in his inauguration speech . The top priority Tuesday was n't necessarily jobs , or guns , or climate change , or voting rights . It was the sum of all those parts , a liberal vision that Obama clearly hopes will nudge the country in that direction . What Obama said "  It is our unfinished task to restore the basic bargain that built this country -- the idea that if you work hard and meet your responsibilities , you can get ahead , " the president said . "  It is our unfinished task to make sure that this government works on behalf of the many , and not just the few . " The framing in Tuesday 's speech was designed to help the president score two wins : in the long term , a progressive legacy , and in the short run , an advantage in the budget battles and debt ceiling drama . With the GOP laying responsibility for a looming sequester at the White House door , the president pointed to Republicans ' emphasis on the need for entitlement reform as proof that they 're laying the burden for deficit reduction on cops and teachers and seniors instead of "  the wealthiest and most powerful . " "  Deficit reduction alone is not an economic plan , " he said . "  A growing economy that creates good , middle-class jobs -- that must be the North Star that guides our efforts . " Obama dares Congress to get the job done It 's a message designed to resonate with working-class voters , and the Republican Party 's standard-bearer for the evening , Sen. Marco Rubio , countered with a mirror-image appeal to the same demographic . "  Mr. President , I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in . My neighbors are n't millionaires . They 're retirees who depend on Social Security and Medicare , " Rubio said . "  I do n't oppose your plans because I want to protect the rich . I oppose your plans because I want to protect my neighbors . " Rubio says Obama would hurt the middle class The approach was much the same as the president 's , an ideological vision unweighted by grand , ambitious plans to make it a reality . In fact , for an exhaustive speech , Obama 's State of the Union was notably short on some key specifics . The White House has so far brushed off calls for a price tag for the proposals in Tuesday 's speech , promising a full accounting when the president sends his next budget to Congress . But in the end , the policy details may be less important than the political timing . The White House and congressional Republicans remain locked in a brutal message war over the sequester , now just over two weeks away . Opinion roundup : How did Obama and Rubio do ?	Obama reels off laundry list of core Democratic priorities in State of the Union address President invited Republicans to join him in his effort -- to push Democratic agenda Framing of speech designed to build advantage in the budget battles and debt ceiling drama Rubio 's response was mirror image -- an ideological vision with no plans to make it reality
CNN  -- NASA has never flown a manned space shuttle mission . There was no Mars rover . People can make their own currency . From February 2009 through September 2010 , someone using the name "  Erad3 " made these and a series of other assertions -- unusual at best , disturbed at worst -- on the website abovetopsecret.com . Erad3 , according to site co-owner Mark Allin , was almost certainly Jared Lee Loughner , the 22-year-old man accused of killing six people and injuring 14 others last weekend , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona . The site , Allin said , focuses on "  alternative news " and information "  not covered by the mainstream media . " Allin noted that all 130 messages from Erad3 were posted from Loughner 's hometown of Tucson , and many of them bear a striking resemblance to postings made by Loughner on the popular social media site YouTube . Investigators are examining the postings on Allin 's site , according to a law enforcement source . The messages from Erad3 -- riddled with grammatical errors -- often became the object of ridicule , scorn or sympathy from other contributors . "  The ranting about proof ,  your  inability to make a coherent sentence gives you away red handed , " one person wrote . "  It wo n't be long  until  you have been banned once again ! " "  You sound absolutely bonkers , " added another . "  I think you 're frankly schizophrenic , " said a third . "  That 's not an amateur opinion and not intended as an uninformed or insulting . ... You clearly make no sense and are unable to communicate . I really do care . Seek help before you hurt yourself or others or start taking your medications again , please . " Erad3 replied with a series of unrelated arguments before concluding with a brief expression of thanks for the writer 's concern . None of Erad3 's postings mentions Giffords or a desire for violence , unlike language used in documents found in Loughner 's residence . They do , however , appear to reflect a strong urge to break free of any constraints -- real or imagined -- imposed by government officials . "  Every human who 's mentally capable is always able to be treasurer of their new currency , " he wrote at one point . "  If the treasury creates one new currency then why could n't they create an infinite amount ? Would n't  it  be beautiful to see your face on the new coins ? " The investigation into the postings is part of a pledge from law enforcement authorities to pursue every lead relating to Saturday 's shooting . President Barack Obama is scheduled to address mourners at a memorial service in Tucson on Wednesday night . CNN 's John King , Mia Aquino , and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators are looking into the postings , according to a source Some posts found on abovetopsecret.com are similar to Loughner 's YouTube postings The website posts were often ridiculed by other users Among author 's assertions : People can make their own currency
CNN  -- "  What kind of coffee do you have ? " "  Well , black , or with milk , " comes the grumpy reply . This is the delightfully retro Bambi bar , where the interior and the grumpiness of the service have n't changed for 50 years . Nor has the coffee -- a drink that 's always played a central role in Budapest life . Through the communist years those shots of dark , bitter coffee in small glasses , served by scowling waitresses , were a staple start to the day . While coffee 's importance has n't changed , a new wave of coffee bars -- where competitive baristas know their ristretto from their cortado -- is shaking up the scene . The buzz word is "  kezmuves " -- it roughly translates as handmade , or craft . There are three keys to the new craft coffee bars -- talented staff  with the certificates to prove it  , slick design and carefully chosen ingredients . The coffee is sometimes described locally as "  third wave , " meaning it 's fairly sourced and roasted on a smaller scale , giving it a lighter , less bitter taste than Italian beans . "  In new wave coffee you discover the real qualities of the coffee beans , like the fruity , citric qualities of African beans or the chocolate of Brazilian beans , " says Peter Repka , manager of the Madal craft coffee bar . Despite the interest in new wave , both old - and new-style coffee houses compete to deliver Budapest its caffeine kicks . Here are some of the best : New wave coffee Madal Indian philosopher Sri Chimnoy , whose childhood name was Madal , must have loved his coffee . Inspired by his calmness , the friendly , capped baristas here earnestly go about their work , explaining the different beans and roasts available and serving beautifully presented cups . They also bake their own sweet and savory croissants . Madal , 3 Hollan Erno St. ; +36 1 796 6287 Espresso Embassy This is one of the largest and best designed craft coffee bars -- it 's staffed by an array of award-winning baristas . The brick-vaulted interior was done by the firm that designed two of the stations on the city 's new metro line . An excellent cake selection includes croissants , cheesecakes and brownies . Espresso Embassy , 15 Arany Janos St. ; + 36308649530 My Little Melbourne Pioneer of the craft coffee movement , this minute coffee bar in the center of town is a busy breakfast place . Inspired by the Australian travels of owners Dia and Peti , it serves some of Budapest 's best coffee and pastries . My Little Melbourne , 3 , Madach Imre St. ; +36703947002 Fekete This one 's even smaller than My Little Melbourne , but aficionados speak of Fekete with great respect . With a couple of tables on the pavement in front , Fekete  meaning "  black " in Hungarian  is all about coffee , and very little else . Fekete , 5 Muzeum korut Tamp & Pull This is the smaller of the T&P shops , but it 's the most central , down the road from the Central Market Hall . The name refers to two moves in the barista 's work -- tamp and pull -- which they do so well here they run courses on the art of coffee . A board on the wall details the beans on offer each day -- where they were grown , who farmed them and at what altitude . Tamp & Pull , 3 Czuczor St. ; + 36306683051 Old wave coffee Cafe Alibi Breakfast is the best time to visit Cafe Alibi , a quietly hip square in the heart of Budapest . It 's often buzzing with the local students enjoying the superb coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice . Cafe Alibi has its own roasting machine , offering customers a choice of beans and coffee type . Cafe Alibi , 2 Egyetem ter ; +36 1 317 4209 Cirkusz At this large cafe/restaurant in the heart of Budapest 's partying Seventh District , the baristas roast their own beans . The coffee is superb , and so is the food -- after all those small coffee bars , you 'll enjoy the space . Cirkusz , 25 Dob St. ; +36 1 786 4959 Coffee Cat There 's no craft coffee here , but the baristas in this busy breakfast joint know how to make an excellent brew . There 's also a great selection of baguettes , with fillings such as caponata , roasted squash or chicken salad , from the sandwich specialists at the Delibaba Workshop . Coffee Cat , 44 O St. ; +36 1 708 0170 Zokni Zockni , or "  Socks , " is n't the obvious name for a cafe , particularly one placed across the road from one of Budapest 's big tourist draws -- the magnificent Great Synagogue . It was the owner 's nickname in his taxi driving days . More importantly , the baristas turn out top coffee and the cakes are delicious . Zokni , 1/b Dohany St. ; +36 1 785 6765 Bambi Finally , across the Buda river to old Budapest , to the glorious Bambi . No new coffee here . No fancy baristas , either . The retro feel has n't been put together in a design studio -- it 's always looked this way . It 's one of the great survivors of the past . Here you can enjoy a strong black coffee in an old-style glass , sit on red plastic seats and watch old men playing cards . Just do n't ask for a cortado . Bambi , 2-4 Frankel Leo St. Charles Hebbert is an editor and Rough Guide author . He lived in Budapest for 10 years and has been visiting Hungary for more than 30 years . CNN Travel 's series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Budapest 's brand of dark , bitter coffee was a staple during communist years and is still enjoyed by many A new breed of coffee shop selling barista-made creations is challenging the city 's old guard Newer shops include Madal and Espresso Embassy , while older venues include Bambi and Coffee Cat
New York  CNN  -- Levi Aron was arraigned in a New York court Thursday on charges of murder and kidnapping in the first degree in the killing of an 8-year-old boy and remanded under suicide watch until a mental evaluation is completed . Aron , 35 , showed no emotion as he entered the court handcuffed and did not enter a plea . He said earlier in a statement that he was sorry for the trouble he has caused , said New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . Defense attorneys Pierre Bazile and Gerard Marrone told the court that Aron hears voices and requested an exam to determine whether he understands the charges . Aron 's next court date is July 28 . Kings County District Attorney Charles J. Hynes had said he would ask a grand jury for the "  maximum charges permitted by law " for "  the vicious and callous murder and dismemberment of eight-year-old Leiby Kletzky . " Police found human remains in Aron 's freezer and a trash bin which they believe are those of the boy , who went missing Monday afternoon . Kelly called the case "  heartbreaking . " "  Obviously in this business you see a lot of violence , but there 's usually some sort of irrational twisted logic that 's given to why a violent event took place , " Kelly said . "  Here , I mean it 's just , it defies all logic and I think that 's what 's really so , so terribly disturbing about this case . There 's absolutely no reason . There 's nothing more innocent than an 8-year-old child and to be , you know , killed in this manner it 's just ... heartbreaking . " Police said Aron , 35 , made statements Wednesday implicating himself in the death of Kletzky . Both are members of the close-knit Orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn . Kelly said detectives found the remains in a freezer in Aron 's third-floor attic apartment and in a trash bin more than two miles away , wrapped in a black plastic garbage bag inside a suitcase . A cause of death has yet to be determined but police believe Kletzky was suffocated . Kletzky was supposed to meet his parents after walking seven blocks from his summer day camp , but became lost and asked the suspect for directions , Kelly said . Surveillance video showed Aron entering a dentist 's office Monday while Kletzky waited for him across the street for seven minutes , Kelly said . Aron claims he took Kletzky to a wedding Monday night in Monsey , New York , and then brought him back , Kelly said . Police said Aron went to the wedding , but have not been able to confirm that Kletzky actually went with him , as no one has said they 've seen him . According to Kelly , police showed up at Aron 's residence at 2:40 a.m. Wednesday and asked him about Kletzky 's whereabouts . The suspect pointed them to the kitchen , where blood was visible on the freezer handle . Inside the refrigerator was a cutting board with three blood-spattered carving knives , Kelly said . Aron , a clerk at a maintenance supply company , did not appear to have known Kletzky , Kelly said . His only known criminal summons was for urinating in public last year . Kelly said that statements made by the suspect indicated that he kidnapped Kletzky and , as a neighborhood search for the boy intensified , he became panicked and killed him . "  We 're all in shock , " said state Assemblyman Dov Hikind of the people in his district . "  What kind of people are out there that are capable of creating these dastardly acts ? " Aron 's ex-wife , Debbie Aron of Memphis , Tennessee , said she has been in "  total shock " since she heard the news . She said her children from an earlier marriage lived with her when she was married to Levi Aron and that he helped take care of them . He also enjoyed karaoke . "  I ca n't believe it . It 's definitely not in his character from ... the person I knew , " she told CNN affiliate WMC . "  Even as I talked to him not long ago , everything was fine , no indications that anything was wrong . " After Kletzky went missing Monday , residents joined with local and federal authorities in a massive search effort . FBI spokesman Jim Margolin said the FBI assisted in interviewing witnesses and deployed the FBI 's Crimes Against Children squad in the case . CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Levi Aron appeared in a New York court to be formally charged Defense attorneys said Aron hears voices and requested a mental evaluation Leiby Kletzky , 8 , went missing Monday Police recovered human remains they believe to be those of Kletzky
Swiftwater , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Vaccine manufacturing giant Sanofi Pasteur opened its doors to the media Wednesday , inviting reporters to a first-of-its-kind , up-close look at its H1N1 flu vaccine production facility . Sanofi , the only manufacturer licensed to make H1N1 vaccine in the United States , also released its final clinical trial data , a 42-day follow-up of its adult and pediatric trials . According to this latest data , a single dose of H1N1 vaccine induces a strong immune response in adults , but two doses will be needed for children 6 months to 9 years of age . "  These are extremely important data , " said Wayne Pisano , president and CEO of Sanofi Pasteur , "  because they once again make clear not only the immunogenicity of Influenza A -LSB- H1N1 -RSB- 2009 Monovalent Vaccine manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur , but also the fact that this vaccine has a safety profile similar to that observed with seasonal influenza vaccine in all age groups studied . " According to Sanofi , there were no serious adverse incidents associated with vaccination . While no cameras were allowed inside the production facility during the tour , journalists were taken through the bulk influenza vaccine manufacturing facility , where the virus is injected into eggs to produce vaccine ; the quality contol and sterility lab , where safety testing is done ; and the formulation and filling facility , where single dose syringes and multidose vials are filled . In response to questions about criticisms over a shortage of vaccine , Chris Viehbacher , CEO of parent company Sanofi Aventis , said he has 2,000 employees on-site 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Viehbacher said the facility is producing 5 million doses a week , and that will increase to between 9 million and 10 million by early December . By the end of this week , Sanofi will have shipped 20 million doses of H1N1 vaccine , according to the company . According to Viehbacher , Sanofi will be on target to ship the entire 75 million doses ordered by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services by the end of the year . "  We are all working as fast as we can , " Viehbacher said . "  Everyone would like to have more vaccine now but we have what we have . Those not at risk should have some degree of patience . " Sanofi also will deliver 50 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine before the end of the month , the company said . By the end of the year , "  125 million doses of both vaccines -LSB- seasonal and H1N1 -RSB- will be out the door , " Viehbacher said . He added that it is important to understand that 85 percent of the manufacturing process is testing and quality control , not growing the vaccine . Sanofi , the largest vaccine company in the world , makes more than 45 percent of the flu vaccine distributed in the United States and about 40 percent of the world 's supply .	Journalists given tour of vaccine manufacturing area Company says latest trials indicate children will need two doses of vaccine By end of week , 20 million doses of H1N1 vaccine will have shipped , company says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Although Daniel Day-Lewis appears on track to win the best actor Oscar next month , he suggests his win at the Screen Actors Guild Awards Sunday may actually hurt his chances . "  There 's a good chance I wo n't , " Day-Lewis said backstage at the SAG Awards . His riveting portrayal of Abraham Lincoln in Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln " has been honored with the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards . While those awards are often predictive of the Oscar best actor winner , Day-Lewis is downplaying his chances . "  I think members of the Academy love surprises , so the worst thing that can happen to you is some kind of expectations , " he said . "  I think they 'd probably be delighted if it was anybody else . " Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . ` Argo ' glows Other Oscar races grew murkier with Sunday 's SAG awards , including for best picture . While "  Lincoln " might have been a favorite at the start of Hollywood 's awards season , its prospects of taking the top Academy honor were dimmed with Ben Affleck 's "  Argo " winning the SAG best film award , just two weeks after taking the Golden Globe . "  There was absolutely no way that I thought we 'd win this award , " Affleck said backstage Sunday . Affleck directed and starred in "  Argo , " a movie centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis . While his film now appears to be a frontrunner for the best picture Oscar , Affleck was not nominated for best director . The best film and best director Oscars usually go hand in hand . "  I did n't get nominated as a director and I thought ` Well , okay , that 's that , ' you know , and then I remembered I was nominated as a producer which is pretty exciting , " Affleck said . "  So I 've kind of gone at it with that approach . I do n't know what 's going to happen . Who knows ? Nothing may happen , but it 's a wonderful opportunity to be on the ride and I 'm really excited . " Lawrence 's post-Oscar playbook Jennifer Lawrence was ill when she won a best actress in a comedy film at the Golden Globes two weeks ago , but she told reporters backstage Sunday that she 's feeling a lot better thanks to a "  lot of medication " and a better inhaler . Lawrence glowed after she was handed the best actress SAG award for her role in "  Silver Linings Playbook . " At just 22 , Lawrence is the youngest person ever to have been nominated twice for a best actress Oscar , the first being in 2010 for "  Winter 's Bone . " Asked backstage what she might say to a 14-year-old Jennifer Lawrence if she could talk to her , she said she would never reveal her future success . "  I would 've said , ` You 're going fail , so do n't be so full of yourself . ' " Lawrence has plans to relax after the Hollywood awards season ends with the Academy Awards next month . "  I 'm going to go to an island somewhere and not telling anyone where I 'm going . That 's my plan . " Cranston 's all-in approach Bryan Cranston carried home two SAG Actor awards Sunday , one for film and another for television work . His role as a CIA agent in "  Argo " gave him part of that film 's ensemble SAG award . He was also handed the best actor in a TV drama for "  Breaking Bad , " in which he plays a high school chemistry teacher who becomes a meth manufacturer . Backstage , Cranston said he tries to discourage young actors , telling them a career takes "  total dedication " to succeed . "  I say that if you can be happy doing something else , anything else , go do that , go do that , " Cranston said . "  Because in order to be an actor you need to totally commit . Absolutely , you ca n't put your big toe in . "  When I was 22 years old , I said this is what I 'm going to do . If it means that when I 'm 40 or 50 or 60 I 'm sharing an apartment with someone and sleeping on a couch , that 's what I 'm going to do . So , it was all in . I had no backup plan . And in a way , it makes you hungrier and more aggressive to find those projects and to keep your eye on the prize . " Tina Fey 's future Television comedy pioneer Dick Van Dyke , who was given SAG 's Lifetime Achievement Award Sunday , told reporters backstage that his secret to success was luck . "  I 've been so lucky , " Van Dyke , 87 , said . "  Luck has a lot to do with it , being in the right place at the right time , having someone seeing you when you happen to be particularly good . " Tina Fey , who won the TV comedy actress SAG award for a fourth time Sunday , said backstage that she will be busy making movies with the end of "  30 Rock " this month . Fey flies to London in March to make a Muppet movie , followed by a film with Steve Carell -- "  Mail Order Groom " -- this summer , she said backstage . Her television career is not over though . Fey has a deal with NBC to develop new shows , she said . Fey , who is known for a dead-on impression of Sarah Palin , praised Julianne Moore 's portrayal of the former GOP vice presidential nominee in HBO 's "  Game Changers . " Moore was given the best actress in a TV movie or miniseries SAG award . "  I thought Julianne was incredible , " Fey said . "  She really disappeared into the character . I thought she did an excellent job , a real film acting job . You would n't want kind of a sketch performance in that movie . "	Oscar voters "  love surprises , " Daniel Day-Lewis says "  There was absolutely no way that I thought we 'd win this award , " Ben Affleck says "  I 'm going to go to an island somewhere " after Oscars , Jennifer Lawrence says Bryan Cranston tries to discourage young actors , telling them it takes " total dedication "
CNN  -- Despite being allowed to tell her husband he won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize , the wife of Liu Xiaobo was detained in her apartment in Beijing , China , according to a human rights group and her attorney . Liu Xia has not been charged with a crime , but "  appears to be under a de facto house arrest , " said Beth Schwanke , legislative counsel for the U.S.-based group Freedom Now . She was taken to see Liu Xiaobo in a prison several hundred miles northeast of Beijing , Schwanke said , and tell him of the honor . Upon hearing he had received the peace prize , Schwanke said , Liu Xiaobo began to cry , and said , "  This is for the martyrs of Tiananmen Square . " But upon return to Beijing , Liu Xia was not allowed to leave her apartment , Schwanke said . No one is allowed in , and her telephone is believed to be "  destroyed , " Schwanke said . Liu Xia has been able to post to some Twitter accounts , said Schwanke , who called the action "  absolutely outrageous . " "  Brothers , I have come back , " said a Twitter post purportedly from Liu Xia . "  I have been under house arrest since the 8th and do n't know when I 'll get to see everyone again . They broke my mobile phone so I can no longer make or receive calls . " "  I saw Xiaobo , who learned about his winning the prize in prison on the evening of the 9th , " she wrote . "  We 'll talk about the future later . " Since her husband was named as a 2010 Nobel laureate , Liu Xia has gained 1,000 new Twitter followers . "  Xia ca n't use her mobile phone anymore , " tweeted Chinese dissident Wang Jinbo . "  I got in touch through some other means . She ca n't leave home -- they 've tightened the security outside . " He said Liu Xia can tweet -- "  a little freedom . " "  Liu Xia is under enormous pressure , " said Dr. Yang Jianli , a member of Liu Xiaobo 's defense team and a human rights specialist with Freedom Now . "  We hope that world leaders will immediately condemn this shameful act by the Chinese government and urge Liu Xia 's immediate and unconditional release . " See more of CNN 's special coverage of China Beijing did not comment immediately on the report of Liu Xia 's detention , and the official news agency Xinhua was silent on the subject . On Friday , Liu Xia said she was packing to visit her husband under the surveillance of police officers , who promised to take her to visit Liu Xiaobo Saturday . She said she could not wait to see him to tell him he is this year 's peace laureate . Liu Xiaobo won the prize Friday , but news of the win has been blacked out in China , with no mention of it on Chinese media . The same censorship applies to Chinese blogs , and authorities have blocked the Nobel Peace Prize section of the official Nobel website . At least two international television networks -- CNN and BBC -- were blacked out as the Nobel committee announced the winner on Friday , and CNN 's reports on Liu remained blacked out for most of the day . Liu was sentenced in 2009 to 11 years in prison for inciting subversion of state power . He is the co-author of Charter 08 , a call for political reform and human rights , and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . His wife called the Nobel Prize "  an affirmation of what he has fought for . " Schwanke said Liu Xiaobo is doing well in prison -- much better physically than when he was held in solitary confinement . Mentally , he remains very strong , she said , adding that this prison sentence is his fourth and "  he knows this is necessary to secure democracy and human rights in China . " Freedom Now attorneys , as Liu 's international counsel , will leverage international political and legal support while his attorneys in China will continue to work on his behalf in Beijing , she said . Liu Xiaobo 's longtime friend Pu Zhiqiang said the prize may not help Liu right now , but it will have effects for the future . "  In the long run , it will leave a legacy that is sure to help bring democratic reform and freedom to China , that will far outlast Liu 's life , " Pu told CNN outside the gates of Liu 's apartment complex . The Chinese government was angry at the win , calling it "  blasphemy against the peace prize " that could harm relations between China and Norway , where the Norwegian Nobel Committee is located . "  Liu Xiaobo is a convicted criminal sentenced to jail by Chinese justice . His acts are in complete contradiction to the purpose of the Nobel Peace Prize , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said . Human rights groups like Amnesty International , world leaders such as U.S. President Barack Obama , and governments around the world all praised the awarding of the prize to Liu , with many calling on the Chinese government to free him . CNN 's Brian Walker and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : Liu Xiaobo : "  This is for the martyrs of Tiananmen Square " Liu Xia is not allowed to use her phone or leave her apartment , human rights group says She was able to tell her jailed husband he had won the Nobel Peace Prize China blacked out CNN and the BBC as the prize was announced
Last week the world welcomed its 7 billionth inhabitant . But behind the headlines is a complicated demographic picture -- and one that masks huge disparities . The current rate of growth means that there are 78 million more people every year . Nearly all of that growth -- 97 out of every 100 people - is occurring in less developed countries . In developed nations , on the other hand , population growth rate has largely stagnated : in Japan and Europe for instance , bringing with it concerns about lower fertility and aging . Africa 's rapid population growth -- 2.3 per cent a year , double the rate of Asia 's -- puts pressure on its economies as governments struggle to provide education and health services . The issue of women and children 's health is one of the most pressing . Births that are too early , late or closely spaced reveal a whole host of critical issues affecting the health of Africans . I believe the population issue in sub-Saharan Africa is one of gender . Too many women lack the freedom to exercise choice when it comes to childbearing . Often this is a question of access . In remote locations women are forced to walk many kilometers to obtain contraceptives , and in some areas they are simply not available . Across the world more than two in five pregnancies are unplanned . Clearly ` unmet need ' for contraception is a wasted opportunity to boost development and stabilize population growth through something women want and need : the ability to decide when to become pregnant . Just how big is 7 billion If all women had this ability , survey data shows , average global childbearing would immediately fall below the ` replacement fertility ' value of slightly more than two children per woman . Then there 's social pressure . Women are often required to have large families to improve their social standing and ensure their economic survival . In many countries girls marry at a very young age , become pregnant too early and cut short their education to take care of their young family . Poorly educated and unable to work , they are unable to contribute financially to the family coffers and so the cycle of poverty is perpetuated . In addition , young mothers face terrible threats to their health such as fistula -- a hole in the birth canal caused by prolonged labor without prompt medical intervention . Fistula leaves women with chronic incontinence which renders them a social outcast . The link between family size and social standing is a subject close to my heart and goes back to my own childhood in Karakore , a small town in Ethiopia , where I grew up the eldest of seven children . My grandmother had one child , my mother , and I vividly recall the shame that she was made to feel because she had given birth to ` just one child ' -- and a daughter at that . I also remember that girls in my class at school would disappear suddenly and re-appear around a year later . As I grew older I realized that these young girls had become pregnant , and had been forced to move to other villages due to the shame they had been made to feel . My own mother lost a child , and I recall the deep emotional trauma that followed . So I encountered something of the suffering felt by far too many African women . That 's why I believe women must be empowered to be able to make their own decisions free from fear of coercion or pressure from partners , family , and society . Their sense of self-worth should not depend on the number of children they have . They must have easy access to a range of safe , effective , and affordable contraceptives and the information and counseling needed to use them . Six of world 's fastest-growing cities in China But contraceptive access needs to be backed by better health infrastructure - we have abundant evidence that when parents are confident that their children will survive , they will have fewer and invest more in each of them . After years of neglect , there is a renewed interest in family planning as a driver for development . Experience has shown us that education for girls , legal reform and access to family planning have made a difference in many countries . While it 's true that economic and social development leads to women having smaller families , the converse is also true -- that the gains that contraception has made possible in women 's health make family planning one of the most successful international development stories . My mission as IPPF 's new Director-General is to build on those gains , to do our utmost to ensure that Africa 's women and girls have the services , supplies and information to exercise their reproductive rights and live their lives with dignity , respect and meaning .	The current growth rate means that there are 78 million more people every year Africa 's population growth , of 2.3 % , is double that of Asia 's Melesse believes sub-Saharan Africa 's population issue is because women lack freedom
Washington  CNN  -- Who is Kim Jong Il , leader of the most secretive country in the world , rooting for in this year 's World Cup ? Chollima , of course . That translates to "  mythical horse . " And it 's the nickname of the North Korean team . The team is as mysterious as the Communist country it represents . It practices in secret and it remains sequestered from other teams in South Africa before games . If Kim Jong Il refuses to play political ball with the rest of the world , should the rest of the world allow North Korea to play soccer in the World Cup ? Popular belief dictates that a rogue nation like North Korea should be punished and isolated . But North Korea is crazy about soccer , its top sport and a source of national pride . Banning the country 's team when it is eligible for the world 's most popular championship series would bring global shame . The U.S. government says : "  Play On . " "  This is a tournament where countries have national teams and they compete for the right to play . And North Korea has survived the , you know , the qualifying competition , " said P.J. Crowley , the State Department spokesman . FIFA , the soccer 's governing body , does not like to mix politics and sport , said Paul B. Stares , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  As far as I 'm aware , they have never suspended a national team because of the policies or human rights record of the national government , but rather because of political interference by that government in the selection -LSB- or -RSB- running of the team , " Stares said . He said South Africa was banned during the apartheid era because the national team was not integrated . "  To make an example of one team would immediately raise questions about another and they just do n't want to go down that road , " he said . Cutting broadcasts of the games could be another option , but China 's state-run TV stations would probably step in to help North Korea get a television signal , Stares said . And a more subtle and potentially effective way to shame the country 's leadership is to allow the team to play and let the North Korean people watch , giving North Koreans -- and billions of viewers worldwide -- a first-hand glimpse of condemnation of their country . "  No one likes to see innocent players be punished for the sins of their government , " Stares said . "  Neither is it desirable for the poor citizens of North Korea to be denied one of the few pleasures they have in watching their national team . However the World Cup is a huge global stage to embarrass and shame the North Korea regime for its recent actions . " Last year , Iranian players wore green -- the color of the opposition movement -- wrist bands in a World Cup qualifying game to show support for anti-government protesters . "  This -LSB- wristbands protests -RSB- would be difficult for censors to hide from those able to watch , particularly the elites with access to TV and international media , " Stares said . Even in the world of soccer , where fans know endless details about individual players , virtually nobody knows any of the North Korean squad . But Chollima has three players attracting attention , according to a team report by CNN 's sister publication TIME magazine . Forward Hong Yong Jo , good enough to play in Russia when not playing for his home team , is considered the man to watch . Striker Jong Tae Se , and midfielder Mun In Guk , are the "  glue " of the team . And the man who would get the least envy if the team does not fare well ? Manager Kim-Jong Hun . The North Koreans entered the competition as the lowest qualifier , and expectations are low . But the team is well known for its surprise performance in 1966 . The Korean War had ended and Vietnam was raging while the United States and the Soviet Union were racing to space and trying to outdo each other in the nuclear arms race . North Korea was already an isolated state run by the late Kin Il-sung , though it was hardly the security threat it is considered to be today . That year , North Korea went further than anybody had expected . They even surprised dominant Italy , beating them to make it to the quarter final . Today the country is so secretive that virtually nobody , including U.S. intelligence agencies , really knows what goes on inside its borders . That includes how its soccer team will do . Even the team 's jersey is hard to find in stores because nobody really has the rights to make and sell them , according to news reports . So why the hype around Chollima ? The team provides a rare window into its country . Not many people see North Koreans on a day-to-day basis . When the team takes to the field it will be the first chance for many people to see North Koreans up close and personal . Chollima 's chances of winning might be as mythical as the horse of their name . But the one thing North Korea has managed to do -- both on and off the field -- is surprise the world . And this World Cup may be no exception .	North Korean team is as mysterious as the Communist country Some believe rogue nations should be barred from world sport Team 's play in World Cup casts spotlight on hard-line leadership
CNN  -- Federal authorities arrested a 37-year-old Bronx woman on Thursday after she allegedly concocted a ruse in the wake of the Connecticut mass shooting and posed as a relative of one of the slain children . Nouel Alba is accused of using her Facebook account to solicit money from those wanting to donate to victims ' families , claiming that the money was to be used for a "  funeral fund , " according to a U.S. Justice Department statement . The donors apparently transmitted the money to a PayPal account controlled by Alba , who later allegedly lied about the scam to federal investigators , prosecutors said . Newtown : No more gifts , please "  This arrest should serve as a warning to anyone who attempts to profit from this tragedy by contriving fraudulent schemes that exploit the many victims , their families and individuals who sincerely want to help , " said Connecticut U.S. Attorney David Fein in a statement . On December 14 , a 20-year old gunman opened fire in Newtown 's Sandy Hook Elementary School , killing 26 people just after he killed his mother in their Newtown home . Alba has since been charged with lying to federal agents and was released on $ 50,000 bond . If convicted , she faces up to five years in jail and a maximum $ 250,000 fine . On December 19 , CNN 's "  AC360 " broadcast a story about the alleged ruse and interviewed Alba , who denied her involvement in the alleged scam . "  This says -- this has your e-mail on it . Right there , " said CNN investigative producer David Fitzpatrick . "  This is about Noah Pozner 's funeral . " "  I never sent that , " Alba replied . Later , in the interview Alba identified one of her e-mail accounts presented by Fitzpatrick . "  Yeah , that 's one of my gmails . ... Yeah , my personal account , " she said during the interview . "  But I never set up any funds for anybody . " Geneticists studying Connecticut shooter 's DNA Pozner 's family issued a statement saying , "  We are pleased that law enforcement has pursued this matter so diligently . We hope that this dissuades other scammers from trying to take advantage of this horrible tragedy . "	Nouel Alba has been arrested Donors allegedly transmitted money to a PayPal account Criminal complaint accuses her of lying to federal agents Woman says she never set up funds
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Veterans groups are angry after President Obama told them Monday that he is still considering a proposal to have treatment for service-connected injuries charged to veterans ' private insurance plans . President Obama , with Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shineski , spoke with leaders of veterans groups Monday . Leaders of the country 's most prominent veterans groups met Monday at the White House with Obama , Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and Steven Kosiak , the director in charge of defense spending for the Office of Management and Budget . Some of the veterans groups were caught off guard when the president said the administration is still thinking about the idea as a way of generating $ 540 million for the Department of Veterans Affairs in 2010 . The groups and some members of Congress have been very vocal in opposing the idea . The message , according to some of the people in the room , was that if the groups do not like this idea , they need to come back with another way of saving or raising revenue for the VA. . "  I got the distinct impression that the only hope of this plan not being enacted is for an alternative plan to be developed that would generate the desired $ 540 million in revenue , " Cmdr. David Rehbein of the American Legion said in a written statement . But the chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs vowed Tuesday that the plan would never gain the panel 's approval . "  VA 's sacred duty is to care for veterans injured in honorable service to our nation , and the department should not turn to wounded warriors ' private insurance to pay for combat injures , " said Sen. Daniel Akaka , D-Hawaii . "  Under my chairmanship , the Veterans ' Affairs Committee will not advance any such legislation . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said no decision has been made . "  The president and the -LSB- veterans service organizations -RSB- had a good conversation , and veterans can be assured that the president understands any concerns that they would have , " Gibbs said . "  The budget the president has proposed represents an historic increase in discretionary spending to take care of our wounded warriors : those that have been sent off to war , have protected our freedom and have come back wounded . " He added , "  this president takes very seriously the needs of our wounded warriors that have given so much to protect our freedom on the battlefields throughout the world . " Obama did most of the talking for the administration in the session with veterans representatives , participants said . Shinseki did not speak much in the meeting , which was described as "  professional " by David Gorman , executive director of Disabled American Veterans . The president was sympathetic to the needs of veterans , Gorman said , but insisted that the insurance companies are getting away with not paying for anything . "  The vets are paying premiums to insurance companies , and that is a free ride that needs to stop , " Gorman said in describing the president 's message to the group . The groups oppose the idea because they believe that the government has a moral obligation to pay for service-connected injuries for the men and women who risked their lives serving the country . "  This flies in the face of the VA 's covenant to cover all service-related health-care expenses , " said Jay Agg , a spokesman for AMVETS . The groups also say that the cost of treating service-connected injuries could lead to veterans quickly maxing out their benefits in third-party insurance , risking coverage for not just them but their families , who are also covered under the plans . In addition , they foresee premiums rising to cover the cost of treating the service-connected injuries . "  We are going to go back in and fight this thing tooth and nail , " Gorman said . He said the president complained that instead of commending the significant budget increase for the VA -- an 11 percent increase in 2010 and $ 25 billion over five years -- the groups are complaining about this proposal . But Gorman said that the issue of third-party billing is fundamental to the VA and that it is a "  distraction " from discussing the budget increases . Another group , the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , said that although it is encouraged by the increase in money for veterans ' health care , the billing proposal is not acceptable . "  Veterans of all generations agree that this proposal is bad for the country and bad for veterans . If the president and the OMB want to cut costs , they can start at AIG , not the VA , " said Paul Rieckhoff , the group 's executive director , in a written statement . The opposition is not a surprise to the White House . The groups had sent a letter opposing the idea when it was just a rumor . Last week , Congress weighed in when members of both the House and Senate Veterans Affairs committees told Shinseki at separate meetings that they objected to the plan . Shinseki was told by Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , that it would be "  dead on arrival . " Rep. Mike Michaud , D - Maine , said that if it were presented , he would oppose the entire budget . It is unconscionable , and it is an insult to our veterans who have been hurt overseas , " Michaud said . "  It is just unbelievable that anyone would ever think of doing that in this budget . " At the time , Shinseki would say only that the idea was under consideration but no decision had been made . The groups have another meeting with the White House on Thursday to suggest other options . Both AMVETS and Disabled American Veterans believe that the VA could raise more revenue by being more aggressive about pursuing billings for non-service-connected treatments . Increasing third-party billing for non-service related injuries by 10 percent , suggested Agg , would free up more money to help service-related injuries . Another idea that will be presented would be to bill Medicare . "  This , we believe , would more easily meet the president 's financial goal , " said Rehbein , of the American Legion . Gorman said his group is willing to concede some money in the VA budget to avoid the insurance proposal . "  If it comes down to this issue , which is fundamental to the VA and what it should do , we are willing to give up a couple billion to salvage this issue , " Gorman said . A VA spokesman deferred all questions to the White House . White House officials were not immediately available for comment . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report	Obama plan would charge veterans ' private health care for service-related injuries Groups say government has moral obligation to pay for service-connected injuries Obama says plan will generate $ 540 million for Department of Veterans Affairs
CNN  -- The 5-year-old son of country music singer Mindy McCready has been recovered and is in good health in the custody of officials in Arkansas , a spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Children and Families told CNN Friday . "  We 're working with local law enforcement and the Arkansas  Division of Children and Family Services  and we 're going to bring him home to Florida to his legal guardian as soon as possible , " Terri Durdaller said about the boy , Zander . Mindy McCready 's assistant said the singer turned Zander over to the Arkansas authorities and that he would be returned to her on Monday . "  She 's looking forward to having her case heard in front of an unbiased courtroom , " the assistant said . "  She has a 99 % chance of her child leaving with her on Monday morning . " She described Zander as "  very OK . " But Mindy McCready 's mother and stepfather , Gayle and Michael Inge , have legal custody of the boy and the singer has only visitation rights . "  We 're relieved , " they told CNN . "  We feel sorrow for Zander because he 's traumatized , and for Mindy . We just hope she does the right thing from here on out and that this is a wake-up call for her . " The boy was located hours after Gayle Inge made a public plea for her daughter to obey a court order to return her son to the care of the Inges . The imbroglio started when McCready , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , took her son from her father 's Florida home . This week , a Florida judge ordered McCready to return the boy to authorities . When she did not comply , another judge issued an emergency "  pickup order , " authorizing officers to pick up the boy . The singer was ordered to produce Zander and failed to do so . Though McCready said that the boy was with her , authorities considered him to be missing . McCready 's publicist issued a statement , saying McCready "  has not been charged with illegal wrongdoing . " "  Ms. McCready 's No. 1 priority has always been , and continues to be , the safety of her son , " publicist Kat Atwood said . McCready has asked a court to restore custody to her out of concern over the boy 's safety , Atwood said . McCready burst on the music scene in 1996 with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " Her website biography says she 's had romances with musician David Malloy and actor Dean Cain , and touches on her career stalling , as well as her having an "  explosive relationship " with Billy McKnight , the boy 's father , who is himself a country singer . McCready participated in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Phil Gast , Michael Martinez , Selin Darkalstanian , Dave Alsup and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Singer 's child in custody of Arkansas officials McCready had been ordered to turn over boy , 5 McCready took her son , but she does not have legal custody
CNN  -- When the Environmental Protection Agency announces new rules to protect the nation from the effects of carbon pollution on Monday , I 'll take it as a walloping dose of hope . I say that not just because I 'm the executive director of a national environmental organization , but because , like too many Americans -- like too many people worldwide -- I 've already witnessed the effects of climate disruption . A month after Superstorm Sandy battered the eastern seaboard , I returned to Chadwick Beach , New Jersey . The quiet town where I grew up and my family still lives , was hard to recognize . Surging tides had flooded the first floors of almost every home and yards were piled high with storm-ruined couches , chairs , toys and appliances . The EPA 's proposed first-ever limits on carbon pollution from power plants represent not only a huge step toward curbing the climate disruption that spurs this sort of mutant weather , but also an important milestone on the way to powering the nation with energy that will make our air and water cleaner and our families safer and healthier . It 's no secret why these standards are urgently needed . The National Climate Assessment released last month laid out in sobering detail the range of problems the climate crisis is already triggering . We can still temper the severity of those problems , but only if we dramatically increase the pace of cutting carbon pollution during the next couple of decades . Focusing on power plants , which are our nation 's single largest source of carbon pollution , is a common-sense and essential step that we can take right now . The urgency of avoiding the most severe problems for our climate is underscored by the disruption we have already seen . The effects of carbon pollution are no longer an abstraction . Heat waves , historic droughts , unprecedented wildfire seasons , and destructive storms have become the new norm , and the climate scientists and insurance companies that study these patterns meticulously are n't the only ones that have noticed . Real people are being hurt , and serious economic consequences are being felt -- whether you 're talking about how drought threatens farmers in California and Iowa or how superstorms like Sandy have devastated entire communities  including my hometown in New Jersey  . The unfortunate reality is that if you have n't already experienced extreme weather , odds are that you soon will . Robert Redford : Take the path to clean energy Most Americans are unaware that the coal - and gas-fired power plants that emit such a huge percentage of our nation 's carbon pollution currently have no limits whatsoever on how much carbon they can dump into our atmosphere . Thanks to the Clean Air Act , we currently limit how much mercury , arsenic , soot , and other air pollution power can come from power plants , yet when it comes to carbon pollution , power plants have been given a free pass . Common sense demands that we close that loophole as fast as possible , which is why a February 2014 poll found that 7 of 10 Americans are in favor of setting limits on carbon pollution from power plants . The EPA is now acting to curb this pollution because the Clean Air Act  which was passed by Congress  requires that it do so  as confirmed by the Supreme Court  . But just because something is required by law  not to mention morally mandated  is not enough to guarantee it will actually happen . President Obama deserves huge credit for making these pollution limits part of his Climate Action Plan and directing his administration to act . As Obama has said , our responsibility does n't end with cleaning up carbon pollution . We must also ensure that the transition from the most polluting power plants to cleaner technologies does not harm the working families and communities that may depend on them for jobs . Fortunately , we know that the same clean energy technologies that produce less carbon pollution can also create a new generation of clean energy jobs . The benefits of investments in wind and solar , for example , create three times as many jobs as investments in fossil fuels . We also know that controlling air pollution has historically more than paid for itself by reducing sick days , crop damage , health disasters and hospital visits . Since 1970 , every dollar invested in compliance with Clean Air Act standards has yielded $ 4 to $ 8 in economic benefits . Some day soon , actuaries no doubt will put a dollar figure on the huge economic benefit of moving away from fossil fuels and toward a future that is powered entirely by clean , renewable , carbon-free sources . In the meantime , we know that coal pollution alone is responsible for more than 12,000 emergency room visits per year . Fracking for natural gas damages the land , pollutes our water and air , and risks the health of surrounding communities . Fortunately , renewable energy is up to the challenge of replacing those dirty fuels . In just the last three years , solar panels have gotten 60 % cheaper and the price of wind energy has fallen more than 40 % . Far from being expensive , clean energy is already beating both coal and natural gas on price in many parts of the country . Without question , curbing carbon pollution is an obligation that we owe to all the generations that will be forced to live with the consequences of the decisions we make today . Beyond that , though , it is an amazing opportunity to prosper right now . Already , far-sighted investors are recognizing the obvious -- that coal , oil and gas are 19th century fuels whose time has passed -- and putting their money into the renewable energy sources that are increasingly powering the 21st century . By creating these first-ever standards to clean up carbon pollution and make polluters take responsibility for the harm they cause , the Environmental Protection Agency is moving our nation toward the cleaner , healthier , and more prosperous future today 's workers need and our children deserve .	Michael Brune : Many Americans have already witnessed effects of climate disruption Controlling pollutions pays for itself in health benefits , he says The Obama administration 's new rules on carbon emissions are a step forward , Brune says
CNN  If Muslims "  must be held responsible " for last week 's terror attacks in France , as media mogul Rupert Murdoch has said , does that make all Christians responsible for evil perpetuated by a small minority ? The question is floating around social media in response to the News Corp. . CEO 's comments about Islam 's "  growing jihadist cancer . " Author J.K. Rowling was among the first high-profile voices to challenge his argument over the weekend . Then , comedian Aziz Ansari joined in with the hashtag #RupertsFault , inviting others to contribute examples of "  all the evil s ** t " Christians must be responsible for under Murdoch 's logic . He also asked Murdoch to advise on how Muslims like his "  60-year-old parents in North Carolina " can help destroy terrorist groups . Murdoch ignited the controversy on Friday by tweeting , "  Maybe most Moslems peaceful , but until they recognize and destroy their growing jihadist cancer they must be held responsible . " He followed it up with , "  Big jihadist danger looming everywhere from Philippines to Africa to Europe to US . Political correctness makes for denial and hypocrisy . " Naturally , not everyone agreed . Rowling kicked things off , and others piled on , following Ansari 's examples . If Muslims are to blame for last week 's terror attacks , they argued , then Christians must be responsible for the following : 1 . The Spanish Inquisition , Christian fundamentalist violence ... and Jim Bakker . 2 . The sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic church 3 . Christian extremism 4 . The Holocaust 5 . Anything annoying or inconvenient remotely related to people who identify as Christians	Muslims "  must be held responsible " for "  growing jihadist cancer , " Rupert Murdoch says J.K. Rowling , Aziz Ansari challenge his logic by applying it to Christianity
CNN  -- Drew Peterson , the former police sergeant who authorities call the prime suspect in the disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson , has been indicted on murder charges related to his third wife , Kathleen Savio , the Illinois state attorney 's office said . Drew Peterson was arrested Thursday on murder charges relating to his third wife , Kathleen Savio . Illinois State Police said Peterson was taken into custody about 5:30 p.m. Thursday after a traffic stop near his home . Police had staked out his home all day , said police Capt. Carl Dobrich , but waited for Peterson to leave to arrest him out of concern for his three children , who were inside the house . Peterson , through his attorney , denied any wrongdoing in either case . Wills County State 's Attorney James Glasgow said he believes the case is strong and said Peterson is being held on $ 20 million bond . "  This is an extremely grave and serious matter and it is reflected in the bond , " Glasgow said . Peterson 's attorney Joel Brodsky told CNN 's Larry King he believed the bond was excessive and would seek a more "  reasonable " bond , noting it was the most expensive bond he 'd seen in 10 years . Watch Peterson 's attorney address his client 's arrest " Charles B. Pelkie , spokesman for the state 's attorney in Will County , Illinois , said a grand jury indicted Peterson in the murder of Savio , whose death had been ruled an accidental drowning . Brodsky said in a written statement that prosecutors wo n't be able to prove their case because "  he did n't do it . " "  There is no evidence that links Drew Peterson to the death of Kathleen Savio or anyone else for that matter , " Brodsky said . "  Drew did not harm Kathleen ; he has said so from Day One . We 're obviously disappointed a grand jury indicted him . But an indictment does not mean guilt . " Pelkie said the grand jury continues to meet and is studying the possibility of charges in Stacy Peterson 's disappearance . Watch family members react to the arrest " After Stacy Peterson went missing in October 2007 , media frenzy and police scrutiny on Peterson revealed Savio had died mysteriously a few years earlier during a nasty divorce . Savio died just before the division of the marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary . Savio was found in the dry bathtub of her home . At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning . But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play . The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death has now been ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " Brodsky told King he believes the case has always been about circumstantial evidence and that he will bring a pathologist to trial who will say Savio died from an accidental drowning . "  I think the jury 's going to see that , in fact , this always has been an accidental death and still is an accidental death , " Brodsky told King . Kathleen Savio 's brother , Nick , told CNN affiliate WLS-TV he received a call from his sister saying Peterson had been arrested . Watch police arrest Peterson " "  The state police had been telling us the day was coming , " he told WLS-TV . "  We kept hearing it for about eight months . I 'm almost in tears here . It 's been so hard for our family . " "  Hopefully , we 'll get the justice we 've always been waiting for . " Martin Glink , attorney for the Savio family , said they were hopeful the grand jury felt there was enough evidence to charge Peterson . "  We 're very happy that the wheels of justice have continued to move and they are pointing in his direction , " Glink told WLS-TV . The news was also bittersweet for Stacy Peterson 's family , who continue to wait for news about her disappearance . "  We have anticipated this coming . We have dreamed about it . We have been patient over it , " Pam Bosco , spokesperson for Stacy Peterson 's family told WLS-TV . "  Now that it 's here , it 's almost a little bit calm . We 're waiting for the storm to calm now . The calm before the storm . " Bosco said while she had not heard about any charges relating to Stacy Peterson 's death , she was hopeful those charges would follow . "  We always said from the very beginning that Kathleen and Stacy had one thing in common -- and that was Drew Peterson , " she said . "  So , hopefully , we 'll have news soon about Stacy , too . " Ernie Raines is also relieved about the arrest . His daughter , Christina Raines , is dating Peterson and was living with him before his arrest . Ernie Raines told CNN 's Anderson Cooper he was with his daughter and Peterson as recently as last week , when they talked about going to Las Vegas , Nevada , and getting married . Thursday night he spoke with his daughter after the arrest . "  My daughter was terrified , very emotional , upset , " Ernie Raines said . "  And I tried to tell her from the beginning that this was going to happen , be prepared . " Ernie Raines said more than anything , when he heard about the arrest , he was relieved . "  I 'm glad justice finally came -- before he hurt my daughter , " he said . Police put Peterson 's three minor children in the custody of the state 's children and family service department . His adult son was contacted , at Peterson 's request , to take them , according to Capt. Dobrich . Dobrich said Peterson cooperated with police during his arrest . CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .	Dad of girlfriend : I 'm glad justice finally came -- before he hurt my daughter " Drew Peterson arrested in the slaying of his third wife , Kathleen Savio Renewed interest in Savio 's death came after Peterson 's fourth wife disappeared Peterson , through his attorney , denies any wrongdoing in either case
Oprah.com  -- Are you truly happy ? Where you live , what you do and how much sex you have just might be the answer ! The biggest complainer Oprah knows is her makeup artist Reggie Wells . After a recent "  Oprah Show , " he agreed to take Pastor Will Bowen 's complaint-free challenge . Reggie wears a purple wristband , and every time he utters a complaint , he has to change the wrist he wears it on . Oprah Winfrey and her makeup artist Reggie Wells share some laughter . How did he do ? Oprah says Reggie "  complained so much that he was getting whiplash from changing -LSB- wrists -RSB- . " For some extra help in looking on the bright side , Oprah sent him to a class in "  laughing yoga . " First developed in India , Laughter Yoga is now practiced in 53 countries around the world . Reggie 's instructor , Jeffrey Briar -- one of 48 certified Laughter Yoga instructors in the United States -- says Laughter Yoga 's positive effects are no joke . "  Laughter relieves all the negative effects of stress , " he says . "  It strengthens the abdominal organs and help you get those six-pack abs we 're all looking for . It oxygenates the bloodstream . It releases endorphins , the body 's natural painkiller . " The class starts cold , and Reggie remains cynical . "  We 're going to start with nothing and laugh for no reason , and you 'll feel better , " Jeffrey says . But as they move on to more advanced moves -- like lion laughter , naughty naughty and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde -- Reggie really starts to catch the laughing bug . Reggie works up a sweat , but can he change his complaining ways ? Reggie says that before his Laughter Yoga class , he was depressed . It was the Saturday before Easter , he was lonely and he doubted the class would do much to change that . "  It was very goofy in the beginning ... but you ca n't fake a laugh , " he says . "  Once you get into it ... the stress lifted from my soul , it lifted from my body . " Dr. Robert Holden , author of "  Happiness Now " says chronic complainers like Reggie actually live in fear of happiness . Their condition -- which he dubs "  happy-chondria " -- is based on a belief that any happiness carries an eventual fall and price . "  Rather than have everything be perfect and full , I 'll have it be quite good and complain , " he says . "  Reggie 's got to dare to let life be great and trust that happiness can happen and that it can last . " One woman 's courageous decision to live the life of her dreams . By the time she was 29 , Liz was a successful banking executive on Wall Street . She made vice president in her division and earned a healthy salary . She says she had "  a traditional definition of success that had a lot to do with material things , " but after eight grueling years in business , Liz says she knew she was not on the road to happiness . "  I felt proud , but the work was not inspiring me . I did n't have passion for that work . I felt like I had to stifle parts of myself in order to be what Wall Street wanted from me . I felt like I was playing a corporate character , like it was n't coming from inside of me , who I really am , " she says . Liz knew that making a big change meant taking an even bigger risk . "  I was about to turn 30 , and I realized it was time for me to live the life I wanted for myself , not the life that other people wanted for me , " she says . "  It 's not making me happy to sit here at this desk anymore . I can not blame anyone else for my unhappiness . I completely believe life is short . You do not get a second chance . I was standing at an edge , and for me it was time to jump . " Liz took a 90 percent pay cut and traded the high-wire act of finance for a career as a trapeze artist ! Following her dream is "  like laughter in my heart , " she says . "  It 's hard to quantify that fulfillment that comes with it , but it greatly exceeds the compensation that I sacrificed . " Dr. Holden says the key to being happy is overcoming "  destination addiction , " which he defines as "  living in the not-now . " "  It 's always about tomorrow , so you 're chasing ` more , ' ` next ' and ` there , ' " he says . "  You promise yourself that when you get there , you 'll be happy . And I promise you , you wo n't , because you 'll always set another destination to go for . " Instead , Dr. Holden says if you are unhappy with your life or looking to improve your score on the satisfaction test , there are two things you can do . "  We have to learn to let go of our past , we have to give up all hopes for a perfect past . Let the past go , it 's gone . " After that , he says , "  Take a vow of kindness . Be kinder to yourself and to others . "  It 's never too late to be happy , " he says . Can more sex make you happy ? Find out what one woman did to rev up her sex life ! Lawreen and Randy were the average suburban couple raising two kids . But after just two years of marriage , something was missing . "  After we had our kids , our sex life just kind of vanished . It was n't a priority anymore , and if my husband wanted it , I thought it was up to him to initiate it , " Lawreen says . "  The lack of sex was creating unhappiness in the rest of our life . We were snapping at each other . We were n't very patient and understanding . " After seeing an "  Oprah Show " about how important sex was to a marriage , Lawreen realized she needed to spice things up in a big way . "  I said , ` This is what we 're going to do . We 're going to have sex every night . I 'm not going to tell him . I 'm going to get babysitters . I 'm going to make a date , ' " she says . Lawreen also started dressing up , wearing more makeup , learned how to strip from DVDs and took belly dancing courses . She also took sex out of the bedroom and brought it into other places in her home . How did Randy react ? "  In my mind I thought , ' I know women hit their sexual peak later , ' " he says . "  I did not question it at all . " Three years after Lawreen thought up this plan , their sex life is still going strong . Lawreen says she and Randy still have sex almost every night . "  If we do n't , it 's because we 're extremely exhausted or Randy 's away on a business trip , " Lawreen says . "  Not because we do n't want to . " In fact , having sex every night has brought Lawreen and Randy closer as a couple . "  We 're better parents . We 're happier people , " Lawreen says . "  The more sex we have , the more touchy and more affectionate we are with one another . & So we 're better parents and our kids . Oh , they pick up on this . They feel happy because Mom and Dad are happy . " Happiness expert Dr. Holden says Lawreen and Randy have the right idea . "  I think the big thing , guys , which I really appreciate about you , is I think you understand that sex is communication . & So there 's intimacy here , " he says . "  One of the big mistakes I think we make in relationships is that we do n't give our best energy to the people that matter most . And I think what you 're doing is you 're making that time to be able to give some of your best energy to each other . " E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Three examples of changes people make to be happy How a woman benefits from revving up her sex life Another woman abandons Wall Street for the trapeze Man close to Oprah Winfrey learns to laugh to drop stress
The gateway to Japan 's capital , Tokyo Station , is celebrating its centennial this month -- and it 's never looked better . The starting point of the country 's railway network , travelers in Japan are likely to pass through this landmark at least once . Situated in the city 's historic and political center , Tokyo Station is a destination in its own right . Here are 10 ways it 's earned its stripes as a protected cultural landmark . Big numbers Tokyo Station is an impressive 1,000-feet long  304 meters  . It 's the busiest station in Japan in terms of number of trains per day  more than 3,000  ; 350,000 passengers pass through its turnstiles on a daily basis . The station also reportedly earns more revenue than any other station in Japan . It has 14 lines , including the Tokaido Shinkansen , the most heavily traveled high-speed rail route in the world . Architectural marvel City planners completed a five-year , $ 625 million renovation of Tokyo Station in 2012 . At its heart is the red brick Marunouchi Building , featuring reconstructions of two roof domes that were were destroyed in World War II bombings . Its European facade is one of the few architectural remnants of Tokyo 's past , and symbolizes the country 's modernization . Eight zodiacal symbols are featured on the interior of the octagonal domes , representing points on a compass  the tiger , for instance , points northeast  . Some say the Marunouchi Building was designed to look like Amsterdam Centraal railway station . Though there 's little evidence to support this , Tokyo does have sister-station agreements with its Dutch lookalike , and also Grand Central Terminal in New York . Secret tunnels Urban myth or reality ? A subterranean network is rumored to exist in downtown Tokyo , linking important government buildings . The oldest of these is a passage connecting Tokyo Station with the Central Post Office , whose original 1930s veneer was restored in the 2012 makeover . From Tokyo Station , passengers can access six neighboring stations via underground walkways , with one jaunt being more than two kilometers . Many people believe this labyrinthine network was planned as a bomb shelter . Nowadays , with natural disasters a more prevalent worry , Tokyo Station is one of the safest places to be when the Earth rumbles , as the entire station is protected by a seismic isolation structure . Multilingual tourism hub Rail company JR East operates a travel service center at Marunouchi 's north exit offering currency exchange , a luggage storage counter  7:30 a.m.-8 :30 p.m.  and even a porter service for the first-class set . Free Wi-Fi is available  a precious commodity in Tokyo  , as well as PCs for visitors . In the adjacent JP Tower skyscraper , which houses the renovated Central Post Office , Tokyo City is a tourism resource with walls of brochures in various languages , and staff who can help with all travel needs . The post office upstairs is open all year , with 24-hour postage and foreign-card-friendly ATMs . Assassination attempts Murder , intrigue , politics ... Tokyo Station has witnessed two assassination attempts on Japanese prime ministers . In 1921 , Takashi Hara was stabbed to death by an ultra-conservative railway employee . Hara was Japan 's first Christian prime minister , and the first commoner to hold the office . Nine years later , Osachi Hamaguchi befell a similar fate , only he was shot . He did n't die immediately , succumbing to wounds the following year . Both prime ministers are memorialized with plaques in the station . Tokyo Station gallery When this museum reopened in 2012 , the goal was to create "  a small but real gallery . " Today , visitors can take in exhibits showing contemporary art , or on themes related to railways , architecture and design . More than 2.3 million visitors have passed through since the gallery 's opening in 1988 . Purchases of JR train tickets help support this small but real museum . Illumination Holiday light-ups are standard fare for the neon capital . The GranRoof facility near the Yaesu exit hosts this year 's "  Tokyo Colors , "  January 12-February 14  , an interactive wonder where lights and music change based on weather conditions and visitor numbers . There 's also Tokyo Michi Terrace , an illumination projected on station buildings that takes a "  Memorial Light-up/Taisho Period  1912-1926  Romance " theme , in honor of the station 's birthday . Street of noodles No Tokyo discussion would be complete without food . In the station you can wander through Kitchen Street , or for slurpier , cheaper meals , Tokyo Ramen Street . Both are located at the station 's Yaesu exit ; neither is a true outdoor road . Some of Tokyo 's most acclaimed ramen joints have set up shop here , including Rokurinsha , famous for its tsukemen  dipping-style noodles  . It 's best to arrive for breakfast from 7:30 -10 a.m. to avoid the crowds . Yes , ramen for breakfast is a thing in Tokyo . For more conventional morning eats , there 's New York outposts Bubby 's or Dean and Deluca . Or , passengers can pick up an ekiben  bento lunch box  on their dash to the bullet train . Souvenir heaven It 's possible to spend a lot of money , and time , at Tokyo Station . Fans of Hello Kitty , Moomins and Pokemon should swing by Tokyo Character Street  again , also not a real street  for take-home trinkets from some 15 shops . For edible gifts , plenty of themed candies and the like are available , such as Tokyo Terminal Cookies or Brick Bread . And let 's not forget Tokyo Banana , the Twinkie 's long lost cousin that has no known relation to the city yet is wildly popular  and pretty tasty  . Centenarian hotel Tokyo Station Hotel celebrates its 100-year anniversary in 2015 . The swanky , European-style building was a social hub after the Great Hanshin Earthquake , as Tokyo Station miraculously evaded any damage . Political elite still gather here in the afternoons . Room rates start at around  37,000  $ 310  .	Japan 's historic Tokyo Station turns 100 years old this month Tokyo terminus is the busiest station in Japan with the most revenue among all stations Under Tokyo lies a labyrinth of secret tunnels and the oldest connects the station to the Central Post Office Two assassination attempts on Japanese prime ministers have taken place in the station
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq and the United States are close to reaching a deal under which U.S. combat troops would leave by December 2010 and the rest would leave by the end of 2011 , two Iraqi officials said Thursday . U.S. soldiers patrol a street in Baghdad , Iraq , last week . One of the officials , Deputy Foreign Minister Mohammed al-Haj Mahmoud , said the two governments probably will reach a final deal within days . He and Haider Al-Ababdi , a Shiite parliament member from Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Dawa Party , said that under the deal , U.S. troops would be restricted to their bases by June 30 instead of patrolling Iraq 's streets . Mahmoud , the head of Iraq 's delegation negotiating a deal on how U.S. troops will operate there , also said the Iraqi government would be able to request that some troops stay longer . Two senior U.S. officials said negotiators have made progress and are close to a deal . But they also said that some issues are unresolved and that troop withdrawals would be tied to conditions on the ground . Watch what hurdles remain before a troop withdrawal " The U.S. military presence is spelled out by a U.N. mandate , which is to expire by the end of this year . Iraq and the United States want to replace that mandate with a status-of-forces agreement governing how U.S. troops will operate in Iraq . The U.S. officials said U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke with al-Maliki on Wednesday to try to resolve the issue of legal immunity for U.S. contractors working in Iraq . The officials described the phone call as tense . Under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq , security contractors have had immunity from Iraqi law . The Iraqi government has criticized the blanket immunity because of incidents such as the fatal shootings of 17 people in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square on September 16 . Iraqi officials say Blackwater Worldwide contractors killed the 17 . Sunni politician killed Also Thursday , a senior member of a Sunni political party that recently rejoined Iraq 's government was fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul , the party said . Gunmen assassinated Mahmoud Younis Fathi , a senior member of the Iraqi Islamic Party in Nineveh province and the director of religious schools for the Sunni Endowment , the party said . Fathi 's bodyguard also was killed as the pair traveled to work . Mosul police confirmed the slayings near Fathi 's house in the western part of the city . Sunni insurgents have targeted Sunnis who cooperate with the U.S.-backed Iraqi government . American and Iraqi troops have been fighting al Qaeda in Iraq in Mosul and surrounding Nineveh province in northern Iraq . The Iraqi Islamic Party is the largest party in the Iraqi Accord Front bloc , which recently rejoined Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government after bolting last year over disagreements with the leadership . The Accord bloc -- which includes 44 lawmakers in the 275-member parliament -- pulled six ministers from the Cabinet last summer for several reasons , including what it called the monopolization of power by Shiites and Kurds and what it regarded as the unjust detention of Sunnis . But Sunnis have been more friendly toward the al-Maliki government because of its efforts this year in promoting prisoner amnesty , sharing power and taking on militants in Shiite regions such as Basra , Amara and Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood . The leader of the Iraqi Islamic Party is Tariq al-Hashimi , one of Iraq 's two vice presidents . "  The assassination of Mahmoud Younis Fathi is a cruel crime targeting the national voices and mission of taking care of youths in Mosul , " the Iraqi Islamic Party said , adding that it "  condemns and denounces " the killing . In other violence Thursday in Mosul , insurgents killed three police and wounded six people by rigging a cart with explosives . About 8 p.m. Thursday , a suicide bomber 's car exploded after Iraqi police shot at it , an Interior Ministry official said . The explosion happened before the car reached a police station in al-Wahda neighborhood in southern Mosul , but eight policemen were wounded , the official said . In another restive area of northern Iraq , Salaheddin province , a roadside bombing critically wounded a police chief , authorities said . Gen. Hamed Namis al-Jabouri , police commander in Salaheddin , and seven other police officers were wounded when the bomb struck a convoy , police in Tikrit said . They were evacuated to a military hospital in Tikrit . Meanwhile , the U.S. military said coalition troops in Iraq detained 25 people in raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq militants . The raids took place in Baghdad , Salman Pak , Mosul , Bi'aj and Baiji . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Arwa Damon in Baghdad and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. officials : Rice , al-Maliki have tense discussion on contractor immunity Combat troops would leave by 2010 under possible U.S.-Iraq deal Two U.S. officials say agreement close , but it 's not a done deal Gunmen kill Sunni politician Mahmoud Younis Fathi and bodyguard in Mosul
CNN  -- Nobody would have predicted this . A team coming off the back of a mediocre season with a newly-appointed , unheralded coach , sitting at the top of the Italian Serie A table after a run of nine successive victories . No team in European football has made a better start to the 2013-14 season than Roma ; no team in Italian football history has ever made a better start to a Serie A season . A handful of vibrant new recruits and a wily old-timer have all combined to lift the club to the top of the table , with Roma 's form attracting admiring glances from around the world . "  What I really like about this Roma team is that they play with a strong mentality , " Italian football expert Tor-Kristian Karlsen told CNN . "  They play with such intensity and have a winning mentality , " added the former Monaco chief executive . With many scratching their heads as to how this incredible run has been put together , CNN gives you five reasons why Rudi Garcia 's team are the toast of the continent . Rudi Garcia Garcia 's arrival at Roma in June went largely unnoticed , the Frenchman replacing Aurelio Andrezzoli after an unspectacular sixth-place finish in the 2012-13 campaign . The Frenchman won the Ligue 1 title with Lille in 2011 , a team which featured players like Gervinho  more on him later  and Chelsea star Eden Hazard , but arguably Garcia had flown under the radar of all but the most-discerning European football fans . "  He has a very strong personality , he is very articulate and commands huge respect , " French football expert Philippe Auclair told CNN . "  I recently talked to Hazard and he was speaking about Chelsea manger Jose Mourinho 's insistence on taking care of defensive duties . He said that approach is similar to Garcia and that speaks volumes about the thoroughness of his preparations . " Garcia is one of a small band of French coaches to have worked in Italy 's top division and the 49-year-old has faced his fair share of doubters during his first six months in Rome . "  His success has been a huge surprise , " added Auclair . "  France has exported a lot of players to Italy , but when he went to Roma there was a negative reaction that this guy was a ` no-hoper ' . " Garcia 's success is made all the more remarkable given the pressures which weigh on the shoulders of any Roma coach . Despite having left Monaco earlier this year , Karlsen remains in touch with former Roma player and coach Claudio Ranieri , who is currently in charge at the Ligue 1 club . The Norwegian said : "  Ranieri told me that Roma is probably the toughest job in the world given the pressure and focus from outside the club . " Garcia has also done well to utilize the considerable talents of club captain Francesco Totti , a player who is idolized by the Romanisti and whose exclusion from the side can result in uproar . "  Totti is a talisman for Roma , but that also creates problems for any incoming coach , " explained Karlsen . "  He is a God to the club 's fans and you would n't want to be the coach that ends his career . You 'd imagine that the other players look up to him and he is strong influence in the dressing room . "  He is a leader , who is deeply attached to Roma and wants the best for his team and city . " Market trading Roma 's smart preseason trading has been another factor in their record-breaking start . Argentine winger Erik Lamela and Argentine-born Italy striker Pablo Daniel Osvaldo were both sold to English clubs , Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton respectively , in big-money deals , giving Roma scope to recruit some exciting talents . Gervinho arrived from Arsenal , while sturdy Dutch midfielder Kevin Strootman -- "  made for Italian football " according to Karlsen -- was signed from PSV Eindhoven despite reported interest from Manchester United . Morgan De Sanctis and Medhi Benatia are two new recruits who have helped make up a formidable defence , along with veteran Brazilian right-back Maicon . Lamela has been replaced by Adem Llajic , a Serb who joined Roma from Fiorentina and who has already scored three times in six appearances . "  You have to praise the technical director Walter Sabatini -- and he deserves a lot of credit , " added Karlsen . "  The first part of the transfer window they were just a selling club , but Sabatini kept a cool head , bought the right players at the right price at the right moment having made a profit of 40 million euros . " A water tight defence Nine games played , nine games won and one goal conceded . Parma are the only team to have breached Europe 's meanest defence , taking the lead in a match Roma went on to win 3-1 . Goalkeeper De Sanctis arrived from Napoli for a modest $ 690,000 in July and he has enjoyed a near faultless start to his career in the Italian capital , stationed behind the center back pairing of Italian international Federico Balzaretti and Morocco 's Benatia . Roma 's latest win , a 1-0 success at Udinese , was proof of their defensive steel . Down to 10 men , without the services of attacking talisman Totti and in-form winger Gervinho , Roma ground out a 1-0 win to become the first visiting team to take three points from Udine since September 2012 . "  Congratulations to my team-mates , " said Totti on his website after the match . "  Each one showed courage , strength and , as we say around here , two massive balls ! " Francesco Totti Like the Coliseum and the Circus Maximus , Totti is an immovable monument on the landscape of the Eternal City . The flamboyant attacker is Roma 's captain and the definition of a one-club man . Since making his debut in 1992 , Totti has made 542 appearances for the Giallorossi , scoring 230 goals . As Roma 's official website says , "  the number 10 is without question the best player in the club 's history . " Totti 's form this season has been imperious , with the veteran scoring three goals and contributing six assists . His standout performance of Roma 's winning run came away at Inter Milan , where he found the net twice in a convincing 3-0 triumph . His performances have led to calls for him to return to the Italy team for the first time since 2006 . His last match for the Azzuri was the penalty shootout triumph over France in the 2006 World Cup final , with current national coach Cesare Prandelli suggesting a fit and in-form Totti would be a shoo-in for a place at Brazil 2014 . Gervinho Another attacking star of Roma 's renaissance has been Gervinho , the Ivorian forward who has thus far proved to be a shrewd acquisition from English Premier League team Arsenal . Gervinho 's two-year stay in England was largely unremarkable as he developed a reputation for missing chances . His preseason move to Roma saw him reunited with Rudi Garcia , who was his coach during a successful stay in France with Lille , and it has paid dividends . Three goals and one assist from a player who managed just six Premier League goals in his final season with Arsenal is an impressive return , hinting that Gervinho could be ready to fulfill the promise he showed during he and Garcia 's first spell together .	Roma top Serie A after winning opening nine league matches Serie A leaders clear at top of table by five points after stunning start New coach Rudi Garcia key to Roma 's renaissance Roma talisman Francesco Totti rejuvenated under Garcia
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An Atlanta , Georgia , lawyer , whose well-publicized bout with tuberculosis caused an international health scare , is suing the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for invasion of privacy . Congress held hearings in June 2007 to discuss Andrew Speaker 's TB case and the ensuing health scare . In the suit filed this week , Andrew Speaker alleges that the CDC released his name and sensitive medical information to the media in 2007 , an act that harmed his reputation , his occupation and led to the ruin of his marriage . Speaker did not specify a dollar amount he was seeking in damages in the suit filed in U.S. District Court in Atlanta , Georgia . On May 29 , 2007 , the CDC held a press conference stating a patient with a rare form of tuberculosis , extensively drug-resistant TB which often proves fatal , had taken an international flight . The CDC , the suit alleges , did not in that press conference or other press conferences , tell the public that the organization told Speaker that he was not contagious and that the CDC knew Speaker had planned to take the trip to Greece for his wedding . Instead , the CDC unlawfully released extensive information about Speaker such as "  the fact that he had flown to Greece to get married , the fact that he was a lawyer in Atlanta , and most importantly , his identity -- none of which needed to be released to the general public in order to accomplish any legitimate public health purpose , " the suit said . On July 3 , 2007 , Speaker 's doctors changed his diagnosis to multi-drug resistant TB , a less dangerous but still potentially fatal form of the illness . The suit alleges that the CDC 's inaccurate release of information about him caused major harm . "  Speaker became the object of unwanted public attention , including expressions of public scorn and contempt  including death threats  due to the inaccurate light in the information presented , resulting in so much strain on his marital relationship that he and his new bride parted ways after the wedding but before filing the marriage license , " the suit alleges .	Andrew Speaker , who was diagnosed with TB , files lawsuit against CDC Speaker says CDC unlawfully released personal information about him Speaker flew to Greece for wedding , triggering international health scare Speaker claims misinformation harmed reputation , led to end of his marriage
Hundreds of students and youth organizers were arrested outside the White House Sunday as they protested against the Keystone XL pipeline under review by the Obama administration . Some demonstrators zip-tied their hands to the White House fence , and others acted out a "  human oil spill , " lying on black tarps in front of the White House . Nearly a thousand students began their march at Georgetown University and proceeded to the outside of Secretary of State John Kerry 's Washington home , where they created a smaller human oil spill . Marchers then headed to Lafayette Square for a rally . Afterward , around a third of the crowd then peacefully moved to the White House fence . Participants said they hoped that a strong statement from younger voters would further pressure President Barack Obama to reject the project . "  This is  a youth-organized action to tell President Obama to reject the Keystone Pipeline , " said Nick Stracco , who participated in XL Dissent , the name of the rally . "  Because the youth vote was a crucial part in both of his elections , we know that we elected him and we voted for a climate champion , not another pipeline president . " The $ 5.3 billion pipeline , which would begin in northern Hardisty , Alberta , would transport tar sands oil over 1,179 miles through Saskatchewan , Montana , South Dakota and Nebraska to connect with existing segments in Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . Once completed , it would carry 830,000 barrels a day to Houston and Port Arthur on the Gulf Coast . Proponents of the pipeline point to the thousands of potential jobs that could result from its construction . Environmental groups oppose the pipeline because extracting and refining the tar sands oil emits 17 % more of the carbon pollution that contributes to climate change than conventional oil production . Environmental advocates also say projects like the pipeline reinforce U.S. dependence on fossil fuels rather than encourage green technologies . The project by TransCanada still needs federal approval because the pipeline would cross an international border . The State Department released an environmental report on the pipeline January 31 . The public now has 90-day period for public comment and consultation . Stracco expressed considerable skepticism about the report . "  The report that came out of the State Department is as dirty as the pipeline itself , " he said . "  Any suggestion that an 800,000 barrel a day oil sands pipeline will not contribute to climate change is incorrect . " Kerry , who is known for his effort to combat climate change , will determine if the pipeline project is in the national interest and make a recommendation to Obama . The final call rests with the President .	Young protesters created "  human oil spill , " zip-tied themselves to White House fence Hundreds were arrested at rally against proposed Keystone XL pipeline Demonstration meant to remind President Obama of role young people played in election
After his party 's losses in the midterm elections , President Barack Obama will wade into a mass of foreign policy challenges during his trip to Asia this week . Obama made America 's pivot to Asia a centerpiece of his foreign policy architecture . But some commentators say the President , beset by crises elsewhere , has failed to put words into action . "  The Asia pivot remains more rhetoric than reality , " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said . "  Having promised a larger U.S. military presence in the Philippines , Singapore and Australia , there is little evidence of any of this on the ground . " Obama arrived Monday in Beijing , where the greater U.S. focus on Asia is viewed with deep suspicion . "  Two prevailing sentiments -- perceived U.S.-led containment of China and the threat posed to America by China 's growing economic and military strength -- have set the two major powers on a confrontational course , " said Cheng Li , a senior foreign policy fellow at the Brookings Institution . Obama is in Beijing for Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  meetings , but he will also hold direct meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping , where sensitive issues like cybersecurity will be on the agenda . "  To put this crucial bilateral relationship back on track , President Obama and President Xi must use the summit in Beijing to deepen mutual understanding and publicly challenge these misperceptions , " Li said in comments published by Brookings . "  The United States welcomes the rise of a prosperous , peaceful and stable China , " Obama said in a speech Monday at the APEC CEO Summit . He announced that the U.S. and China have agreed to extend the maximum length of tourist , business and student visas for each others ' citizens . While in Beijing , Obama also spoke about North Korea 's release of American detainees Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller over the weekend . He said the release did not involve high-level talks on any pressing issues between North Korea and the United States . ISIS fight in new phase , Obama says Myanmar reforms ` sliding backwards ' After China , Obama will travel to Myanmar , a country where , two years ago , he became the first sitting U.S. President to visit . There was much fanfare then about the introduction of political reforms after decades of oppressive military rule . The opening up of Myanmar , also known as Burma , became held up as a positive example of U.S. engagement in Asia . But concerns are now rife about the halting progress of those changes and the plight of the Muslim minority group , the Rohingya . "  Since the high point of Myanmar 's reform process in 2012 and early 2013 , the country 's political opening has stalled and , in my opinion , slid backwards , " wrote Joshua Kurlantzick , a senior fellow for Southeast Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations . He said Obama , who will be attending regional summits in the country , should pressure the Myanmar government to push ahead with political changes and rethink its "  racist " plan for the Rohingya . But a senior U.S. official cautioned not to expect any major leaps forward any time soon . "  I do n't think we 're going to see breakthroughs in the short term , " Tom Malinowski , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for human rights and labor , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last week . "  Burma was an opening to a breakthrough and it 's one that we always knew would take years to move from its starting point to its finishing point . " Will Obama and Putin meet ? The last country on Obama 's itinerary is Australia , where the G-20 summit will take place in Brisbane . He plans to deliver "  a very significant policy address discussing U.S. leadership in the Asia Pacific , " as well as holding a trilateral meeting with the Australian and Japanese prime ministers , Evan Medeiros , senior director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council , said Friday . But much attention will be focused on how Obama will navigate the presence of Russian President Vladimir Putin , who has angered Western leaders with his aggressive actions in Ukraine . They already suspended Russia from the G8 , the group of leading industrialized nations , earlier this year . But Putin will be in Brisbane for the G-20 , and could even bump into Obama earlier in the week at the APEC meetings in Beijing . U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice did n't rule out the possibility of an encounter in Brisbane . "  I imagine , as in the past , that there will be an opportunity for the G-20 leaders to engage informally on the margins , " she said at a news briefing Friday . "  There 's no formal bilateral meeting scheduled or planned , but I would n't be at all surprised if they had some informal communication . " The two leaders had a brief conversation about the Ukraine crisis on the sidelines of the D-Day commemorations in France in June .	Obama : North Korea 's release of Americans did n't involve major talks on pressing issues The U.S. "  welcomes the rise of a prosperous , peaceful and stable China , " Obama says He announces an agreement with Beijing to extend the maximum length of visas The U.S. President will visit Myanmar and Australia later this week
CNN  -- Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Borussia Dortmund swept aside Bayern Munich 5-2 in the German Cup final to win the domestic double for the first time in their history . Dortmund maintained their dominance over their Munich rivals with a fifth straight win . They won the German league title by eight points from Bayern . "  That was a cup final which no one from Dortmund could have better imagined , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp said . "  We were ice cool in our finishing and scored great goals . It 's hard to put into words what has happened to us . " For Bayern , it was the worst possible preparation for next Saturday 's Champions League final against Chelsea , which will be played at their Allianz Arena ground . "  We can not complain . Our entire defensive play was a catastrophe , " Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes said . "  We have to take the blame and we did not deserve to win . "  We still have a major goal in mind and I think we will have all recovered from the shock by the Champions League final . That will be a completely different game . " Bayern started shakily when a mistake by Luiz Gustavo allowed Jakub Blaszczykowski to set up Japanese forward Shinji Kagawa for the first goal after three minutes . The stage looked set for a close contest though when Arjen Robben made it 1-1 from the penalty spot on 25 minutes after Dortmund goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller tripped Mario Gomez . But Dortmund were 3-1 in front by half time thanks to a penalty by Germany defender Mats Hummels after Jerome Boateng 's foul on Blaszczykowski and Lewandowski 's first from a perfect Kagawa pass . Dormund all but wrapped up the win when Lewandowski scored his second in the 58th minute and though Ribery pulled one back in the 75th , Lewandowski pounced on an error by goalkeeper Manuel Neuer to head home for his hat-trick with nine minutes remaining . In La Liga , Pep Guardiola 's final league game as Barcelona coach ended in a 2-2 draw at Real Betis . Daniel Martin scored two goals in three second-half minutes to put Betis 2-1 up but Seydou Keita salvaged a point for Guardiola 's side with an injury-time goal shortly after Lionel Messi had hit the post . Dani Alves was sent off in the 53rd minute after receiving a second yellow card after Sergio Busquets had put Barca ahead in the ninth minute . Guardiola 's final game will be the Copa del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25 . Saturday 's result means champions Real Madrid can win the title by nine points from their Catalan rivals if they win their final game at home to Mallorca on Sunday . Third-place Valencia lost to 1-0 at Real Sociedad to finish 30 points behind Barcelona in second . In Turkey , Galatasaray won the league title for the second year in a row after a tense 0-0 draw against Fenerbahce , who needed to win to deny their bitter rivals . The trophy presentation at Fenerbahce 's stadium was delayed for several hours after angry home fans invaded the pitch and clashed with police . By the time the trophy was finally handed over , only about 200 fans remained in the stadium . Fenerbahce have endured a torrid season . Their chairman Aziz Yildirim is in jail awaiting a trial for match-fixing and the club were thrown out of the Champions League for their involvement in a scandal that allegedly affected 22 matches . However , the country 's football federation recently cleared Fenerbahce and several other clubs of match-fixing following an investigation .	Borussia Dortmund win German Cup with 5-2 win over Bayern Munich Dortmund win the domestic double for the first time in their history Bayern 's confidence shaken ahead of Champions League final next weekend Barcelona draw 2-2 at Real Betis in Pep Guardiola 's final league game
CNN  -- A former U.S. Marine who languished for more than four months in a Mexican prison on a questionable gun charge was on his way to spending Christmas with his family Friday after U.S. politicians intervened for his release . Jon Hammar , 27 , was released from a facility in the border town of Matamoros , just across from Brownsville , Texas , said U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida . "  These past few months have been an absolute nightmare for Jon and his family , and I am so relieved that this whole ordeal will soon be over , " the congresswoman said in a statement . She represents the family 's South Florida district . U.S. consular officials met Hammar at the prison and escorted him to the border , where he was reunited with members of his family , U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said . It was August when Hammar , who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , crossed the border on his way to Costa Rica . He was going to go surfing with a fellow veteran and stopped in Matamoros to get gas , his family said . Along with his surfboards , Hammar took an antique shotgun handed down from his great-grandfather . His parents said that Hammar intended to hunt with it , and that U.S. Customs and Border Protection told him he could bring the gun into Mexico if it was registered and a fee was paid . But after he drove his Winnebago to the Mexican side , authorities arrested him , saying the weapon did not comply with their gun laws . Olivia Hammar said her son was charged with possession of a weapon restricted for military use . A branch of the Mexican military said the gun is not on its "  forbidden list , " she said , but her son remained incarcerated . A few nights after Hammar 's arrest , his parents received the first of several threatening calls from behind bars , they said . "  He said : ' I have your son , ' " Olivia Hammar recalled , tearing up . "  I am going to f -- him up . I already have . " Then she heard her son 's voice . "  He said : ` Mom , you 've got to do what they say ; they 're really serious . ' " The voice at the other end of the line asked for $ 1,800 . For the first few months , Hammar 's family kept his plight out of the public eye , fearing media attention would cause him harm in prison . They finally came forward in hopes of getting Mexican authorities to act . U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , stepped in on Hammar 's behalf , speaking to Mexico 's ambassador to the United States . They managed to get him out of the general prison population so he would be away from dangerous inmates . Hammar was moved to what Nelson said was like an administrative location . But because of the low security at the new facility , which Olivia Hammar described as a storage shed , officials periodically chained Hammar to his bed . The Hammars recently turned to Ros-Lehtinen , who heads the House Committee on Foreign Affairs . She called the situation "  outrageous " and took up the matter with the State Department , the U.S. ambassador to Mexico and the Mexican ambassador . "  I am overcome with joy knowing that Jon will be spending Christmas with his parents , family and friends , " she said Friday night . A defense lawyer said it was determined Hammar had no intent to commit a crime , Nelson said Friday . "  No American should be in a Mexican jail for five months without being able to have his case in front of a judge , " Nelson said in a statement . "  We 're grateful ; this is a good Christmas present . " The family said they will spend the holiday "  bathed in gratitude " to all those who worked to free their son and gave them support while he was behind bars . They said they would give no interviews until after the holidays . "  The only expression that captures how we feel today is that ` our cup runneth over , ' " the family said . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Melissa Gray , and Foreign Affairs Reporter Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Hammar meets his family at the border Jon Hammar , 27 , was jailed in Mexico in August on a questionable gun charge His family says he was sometimes chained to a bed in a low-security site The former Marine , who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , was headed to Costa Rica
The road was melting . Extreme heat from thermal features at Yellowstone National Park , created by the active volcano below the park , caused oil to bubble on a road surface on July 9 and damage it . Park crews had to close and repair the 3.3-mile loop road that takes visitors past White Dome Geyser , Great Fountain Geyser and Firehole Lake . Blame it on the Yellowstone Volcano . Yellowstone National Park -- a UNESCO World Heritage Site -- sits atop one of the world 's largest volcanoes , and some of the thermal spots have damaged the popular Firehole Lake Drive . The park features over 10,000 thermal spots , about half the world 's known thermal spots . Yellowstone : One of the first UNESCO World Heritage Sites Although the volcano is active -- evidenced by the thermal features and 1,000 to 3,000 earthquakes annually -- park officials do n't expect a catastrophic eruption anytime in the next 1,000 or even 10,000 years . Yellowstone 's first supervolcanic eruption occurred 2.1 million years ago , and there were other Yellowstone supereruptions 1.3 million and 640,000 years ago . The park has instruments monitoring the volcano throughout the park , and there would be plenty of warning -- weeks or even months -- if an eruption were going to occur . In the meantime , enjoy the park ! Maintenance crews quickly repaired the road , and it was reopened to visitors Saturday . Summer in the park at Yellowstone	Yellowstone sits on top of one of the world 's largest volcanoes Extreme heat from the volcano 's thermal areas damaged the popular road No volcanic eruption is expected for 1,000 years or more
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A number of filmmakers have looked to golf for inspiration for their movies -- but it is not often a professional golfer does the reverse . Padraig Harrington defends his British Open Championship title at Turnberry , Scotland in July Three-time major winner Padraig Harrington has broken the mould after experimenting with a devastating ice-hockey swing as used in the cult U.S. comedy sports film Happy Gilmore . The film 's plot centers of the fortunes of failed ice-hockey player Happy Gilmore , played by Adam Sandler , who masters a powerful and dangerous slap shot which he converts to golf with devastating effect . The result is that Gilmore is able to whack a golf ball over 400 yards , and now Irishman Harrington has copied Gilmore 's breathtaking run-and-smash technique - and amazingly has added an extra 30 yards to his drive ! But is the spectacular swing legal ? The Royal and Ancient  R&A  , who along with the United States Golf Association  USGA  , produce and revise the rules of golf , can see no problems with the method . A spokesperson at the rules department of the R&A told CNN : "  There is nothing in the rules as such to prevent the swing as performed in the film Happy Gilmore from being used by golfers . You do not have to be standing still over the ball when playing a shot , so striking the ball with a run-up is okay . "  The major concern we do have is regarding the whether it fits in with the etiquette of the game as defined in the rules . Players must have respect for the course itself and perhaps this shot lends itself to increased likelihood of damage to the course . " While Harrington may not necessarily be ready to unleash the eye-catching swing when he goes in search of his third consecutive British Open Championship title at Turnberry , Scotland next month , the technique may still have a place in the game . Dr Mark Smith , who is part of the Golf Education and Research Group at the University of Lincoln , England , believes that , with development , the swing could become part of the range of shots used by the modern golfer . "  Golfers are always looking for ways to improve their game which might give them an edge on their rivals so it would n't surprise me if some professionals start to experiment with the swing used by Happy Gilmore , " Smith told CNN . "  One of the obvious benefits of the swing is that it allows you to generate more power and subsequently more distance on the shot as Padraig Harrington has shown . "  Certainly the scientific principles behind the swing and the technology used are credible as well , although golf is just as much about accuracy as power . " Dr Smith does have some reservations about the possible risk of injury with the swing -- particularly if it is not executed properly . "  The main drawback of the ` Happy Gilmore technique ' from a physiological point of view is that it does place much more stress on the spine , lower back and the shoulders , " he added . "  Therefore the likelihood of injury is increased so certainly I would be cautious of amateur players rushing down to their local club and trying to copy him thinking it might drastically improve their game . "  Perhaps a player might use when he feels has nothing to lose in a match , but when it comes to pressure situations players tend to fall back on tried and trusted methods . " Certainly Harrington 's use of the ` Happy Gilmore technique ' has got golf talking , but perhaps a copy of the film will not be found on the shelves next to coaching manuals just yet .	Padraig Harrington experiments with swing used in movie Happy Gilmore R&A confirms devastating technique is legal under the rules of golf Golf science expert Dr Mark Smith believes method could catch on
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The web of blame in the South Korean ferry sinking is getting wider , and now the country 's president is accepting some of the heat . President Park Geun-hye apologized to the nation Tuesday over the government 's initial response to the Sewol ferry tragedy . "  I am losing sleep as there is no news about saving more lives and because there are many families who do n't know whether their loved ones are dead or alive still , " the president said . "  I am at a loss for words for an apology that can be enough to console the pain and suffering even for a little while over insufficiency in efforts made to prevent the accident and also in the initial response to the accident , " she added . "  I am sorry , and my heart is heavy that so many precious lives are lost because of the accident . " Videos capturing ferry 's final moments fuel fresh outrage over ship 's fate Earlier Tuesday , Park attended a memorial in Ansan , the Seoul suburb where hundreds of students on board the ship were from . She talked to family members and laid flowers at the memorial site . "  We 'll fix the problems and change our practices so we 'll have safer nation and wo n't let them die in vain , " Park said . The ferry sank April 16 on the country 's southwest coast . The number of dead now stands at 210 . Another 92 are still missing . "  All we are asking for is , ` Bring the dead bodies out , ' " a father wailed Tuesday . "  We know they are not alive now . " Images of ferry captain abandoning ship are shocking On Monday , South Korean authorities arrested three people on suspicion of destroying evidence connected to the ferry sinking . Investigators also raided a Coast Guard office in a probe of how officials handled the first emergency call from a passenger . The director and two other people with the Korea Shipping Association 's Incheon office were arrested and accused of destroying evidence related to the probe of Chonghaejin , the company that owns the ferry . The Korea Shipping Association is a trade group that promotes the interests of the country 's shipping industry . The site raided was the Coast Guard building in Mokpo , which includes the South Jeolla province emergency center -- a facility that provides 119 services , akin to the 911 emergency service in the United States . Investigators are looking into possible dereliction of duty . Ferry disaster 's toll on South Korea 's national psyche CNN 's Stella Kim and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	South Korean President apologizes for "  insufficiency in efforts made to prevent the accident " She also apologizes for the initial response to the ferry sinking "  We 'll fix the problems and change our practices , " Park Geun-hye says
CNN  -- A Mississippi lesbian Tuesday won a judge 's backing for her contention that her First Amendment rights were violated when her high school refused to allow her to attend her prom with her girlfriend . But U.S. District Judge Glen H. Davidson refused to order the Itawamba County School District in Fulton , Mississippi , to hold the dance it had canceled over the matter . In his 12-page order , Davidson also ruled that Itawamba Agricultural High School 's denial of 18-year-old Constance McMillen 's request to wear a tuxedo to her prom was a violation of her rights . "  The record shows Constance has been openly gay since eighth grade and she intended to communicate a message by wearing a tuxedo and to express her identity through attending prom with a same-sex date , " Davidson wrote . "  The court finds this expression and communication of her viewpoint is the type of speech that falls squarely within the purview of the First Amendment . " When school officials told McMillen she could neither take her girlfriend to the prom nor wear a tuxedo to the event , the senior went to the American Civil Liberties Union , which demanded the school change its policy . In response , the school district canceled the prom altogether . Davidson denied a motion for an injunction filed by McMillen against the school district 's superintendent , the school 's principal and its assistant principal asking the court to order that the April 2 prom be reinstated , saying that parents were planning a private event to be held on that date for all students , including McMillen . Requiring school officials "  to step back into a sponsorship role at this late date would only confuse and confound the community on the issue , " he said . Read the judge 's opinion  PDF Both sides in the dispute were happy with the outcome . "  It vindicates Constance 's rights , " said Christine Sun , senior counsel with the ACLU 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender project . "  It sets a legal precedent for gay and lesbian students all over the country that they have the right to bring a same-sex date to the prom and also to wear gender-nonconforming clothes to the prom . We were looking for a ruling that what the school did was violate her rights , " Sun said . School board attorney Michele Floyd said the school district was also pleased with the decision . She said the parent-sponsored event , which may be called a ball instead of a prom , is to be held in Tupelo , 19 miles away . But ACLU 's Sun said McMillen had not received an invitation . "  We have n't heard anything about this private prom other than what this school district has told us , " she said . "  It remains to be seen whether she will be able to attend the private prom . " McMillen 's case is going forward on a damages claim and the ACLU 's request for attorneys ' fees , she said . "  She got what she wanted , and now it 's just a question of what the damages might be in her case . " "  I never thought the school would try to cancel the prom and hurt everyone just to keep me and my girlfriend from going together , " McMillen said last week in an ACLU news release . "  A lot of people have made really generous offers to pay for a prom somewhere else , which I really appreciate . But all I 've ever wanted was to be able to just go to my own school 's prom with my girlfriend . " At the center of the lawsuit is a February 5 memorandum from the school to students that said prom dates must be of the opposite sex . Superintendent Teresa McNeece also told McMillen that she and her girlfriend could be ejected from the prom if other students complained about their presence , according to the documents .	ACLU , school board attorney both say they 're pleased with the decision Judge wo n't order school district to hold a prom that it had canceled Cancellation came after openly lesbian student asked to attend with girlfriend School board attorney says parent-sponsored event will take place April 2 in Tupelo
CNN  -- Nicholas Wiseman struggles with asthma and migraines . He has for years . His Malibu family has done everything they can to help -- they 've torn out the shrubs by his house , thinking he may be allergic to them . They 've ripped out a wall , thinking there might be mold there . But still the high school junior does n't feel good . "  I thought it was the seasons , like the weather changing , " Wiseman said . Now his family believes there may be something else to blame : his school . A group of Wiseman 's teachers at Malibu High School sent a letter to the Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District 's risk manager on October 4 , complaining about a variety of illnesses . They suspect their working environment is at fault , but administrators say they are still investigating , and some experts are skeptical . "  At this point , there is nothing to let people know , other than employees had health concerns , " Sandra Lyon , the district superintendent , told CNN Newsource affiliate KCAL/KCBS . "  We do n't have any evidence whatsoever that there is any contaminant , any issue in or around that building . " The letter says the teachers "  are extremely concerned about their health and safety . " Three teachers at the school have been diagnosed with stage 1 thyroid cancer in the past six months . Some seven teachers complained about migraines . The letter says the teachers who are sick work primarily in the main middle school building  the school services grades 6 through 12  , the music and drama building , the visual arts building and in the school 's theater . When one teacher moved to another building , her migraines got better , the letter states . Another teacher who moved from one of the suspected buildings stopped getting a rash she 'd been suffering from for four years . The letter publicly requests environmental tests be done at the school and asks the district to make those test results public . "  Skepticism is totally an appropriate way to approach this , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society , who is not involved in the investigation . The teachers ' letter characterizes the number of teachers being diagnosed with the same type of cancer as "  alarming , " but Brawley said thyroid cancer is unfortunately "  incredibly common . " Overall in the United States there has been an increased rate of thyroid cancer since 1973 . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention theorizes that the increasing rates simply reflect that the disease has gotten easier to detect . The American Cancer Society estimates there will be 60,220 new cases of thyroid cancer diagnosed in 2013 . Women between the age of 35 and 65 are at highest risk . Scientists believe most cases of thyroid cancer are hereditary . "  The only instances where we have ever seen a man-made thyroid cancer from exposure  to environmental chemicals  is someone exposed to a high dose of iodine . And it takes years to develop thyroid cancer from it , " Brawley said . Even if for some reason radioactive iodine were found in these school buildings , the chemical only has a half-life of 42 days , meaning it would disappear after that . Then the danger would be gone . "  Very few people will develop a cancer immediately after an exposure , " Brawley said . "  Now if they were exposed to something in the late '80s or early '90s , then maybe there would be something . " Cancer clusters are also uncommon , according to scientific research . A well-respected study from Dr. Michael Than that published in A Cancer Journal for Clinicians found that of all the cases of alleged clusters , only 5 % to 15 % actually were cancer clusters . The CDC defines a cancer cluster as a "  greater-than-expected number of cancer cases that occurs within a group of people in a geographic area over a period of time . " While environmentally-derived thyroid cancers are rare , what is much more common are health issues caused by mold . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Toxic Schools Some studies estimate a third or more of U.S. schools have mold , dust or other indoor air problems that are serious enough to cause serious respiratory illnesses such as asthma . Only about 20 % to 30 % of the population is actually susceptible to indoor air problems like mold or dust , but for those who are , the symptoms get increasingly severe . Legally there are no indoor air quality standards for schools . Yet a national survey of school nurses found that 40 % knew children and staff who were adversely affected by indoor pollutants at their school . One school in Fairfield , Connecticut , had such a bad mold problem the district tore it down in 2000 , but not before one of its teachers , Joellen Lawson , became permanently disabled with a serious lung condition called Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease . She had to leave teaching after being in a classroom for 23 years . Are schools making us sick ? As a precaution , Malibu High has brought in an environmental firm to run tests on the buildings and the surrounding soil . The district has closed a building and relocated students . "  We want to be diligent and overly cautious just to make sure there is n't anything here , but we do n't want to panic , " principal Jerry Block told CNN Newsource affiliate KCAL/KCBS . The news , though , is still unsettling to parents . The school brought them in for an informational session about the issue on Tuesday . Cassandra Wiseman , whose son has been so sick with asthma and migraines , is upset . "  It 's appalling . You think you are doing the right thing then you 're suddenly , you have this total self-doubt that you 're not at all , " Wiseman said . Asked what she will do next if her son 's health problems continue , Wiseman concluded , "  I do n't know what to do . I 'm just a mother . "	3 teachers at Malibu High School have been diagnosed with thyroid cancer in last 6 months 21 teachers say they have some health problems they worry may be caused by their school Administrators have brought in environmental firm to run tests on buildings and surrounding soil
CNN  -- Russia and Qatar will host soccer 's biggest tournament , the FIFA World Cup , for the first time in 2018 and 2022 respectively . Russia headed off 1966 host England and joint presentations from Spain-Portugal and Holland-Belgium in Thursday 's vote at FIFA headquarters in Switzerland . Qatar won the right to host the 2022 tournament ahead of bids from the United States , South Korea , Japan and Australia . Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin decided against attending the ceremony in Zurich , but his deputy Igor Shuvalov was present to accept the first successful bid from Eastern Europe . Has FIFA gambled with World Cup decisions ? "  You have entrusted us with the FIFA World Cup for 2018 and I can promise that you will never regret it . Let us make history together , " Shuvalov told the assembled delegates . Putin later flew to Zurich to address the world 's assembled media . "  This sport makes a positive difference -- 2018 will be fantastic , " the former Russian president said . "  We will build new stadiums and do our best to make the World Cup safe and enjoyable for everyone . We will allow all football fans to enter the country without a visa in order to enjoy the tournament and to get to know Russia and its history and culture . " Sheikh Mohammed bin Hamad Al-Thani , the son of Qatar 's emir and head of the emirate 's bid team , said he was looking forward to the first time a Middle Eastern nation hosts the event . "  Thank you for believing in change , for expanding the game and for giving Qatar a chance . You will be proud of us -- and you will be proud of the Middle East . I promise you this , " he said . Qatar 's World Cup vision FIFA president Sepp Blatter confirmed that the ruling body 's desire to grow the sport around the world played a big part in the committee 's thinking . "  I have to say thanks to the executive committee because for 2018 and 2022 we go to new lands , because the FIFA World Cup has never been in eastern Europe or the Middle East . So , I 'm a happy president when we speak of the development of football , " he said . "  But I have to give big compliments to all the bidders for the big job they have done and the messages they have delivered . All have delivered the message that football is more than just a game . Football is not only about winning -- it is also a school of life where you must learn to lose , and that is not easy . " We are not corrupt , insists FIFA official CNN 's Moscow-based correspondent Matthew Chance said the decision had been received with great jubilation in Russia , where the government has pledged billions of dollars to build new stadiums and infrastructure . It has already begun preparing to host the Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014 . "  This is a huge boom for the Russian economy -- it is going to mean tens of billions of dollars put into infrastructure and will give the country the incentive they need to meet their modernization plans , " he reported . "  There is also a huge emotional pull for the people of this country . It is very intriguing the tactics used from the Russians to secure the bid . England 's bid had prime minister David Cameron and David Beckham to give it the celebrity X-factor , but Putin just stayed in Russia to wait for the result of the vote . " Qatar 's victory came despite several obstacles being flagged up in FIFA technical report before the vote , including the region 's intense heat at the time the tournament will be held in June-July and a lack of existing infrastructure . CNN Arabic "  Logistics were talked about , but Qatar said we can do that , we will build enough hotels , enough stadiums , " CNN 's Sara Sidner reported from Doha after the announcement . "  The feeling here is a sense of achievement , the sense that Qatar is an important country . People here are very proud . There was a little bit of surprise -- they could just not believe that Qatar was called , but there were some very big cheers . "  When you look at Qatar as a country , it has a small population and most are ex-pats , but there a lot of fans here . They believe people will come here , they will have plenty of facilities and they will have the climate conditioned -- and they will put on a fantastic show . "  They are saying that people do not need to be afraid -- we are going to open up to the world and the world should open up to us . " Why the world ` turns around a spinning ball ' This year 's World Cup was held on the African continent for the first time , while the next one in 2014 will be in Brazil , which was last host in 1950 . CNN World Sport anchor Pedro Pinto said he was surprised that FIFA again chose to seek new territories after South Africa 2010 and Japan and South Korea in 2002 . "  To risk it again for two consecutive years is quite amazing . Most of the world 's media here is surprised , " he said from Zurich . Russia won nine of the 22 votes in the first round of voting , with Spain-Portugal earning seven , Holland-Belgium four and England two . The lowdown on the World Cup bid ballot In the second round , Russia earned a majority of 13 ahead of the Iberian bid  7  and that of the Low Countries  2  . The 2022 vote went to four rounds , with Australia eliminated in the first , Japan the second and then South Korea . Qatar triumphed with 14 votes to the Americans ' eight in the decider . The build-up to the vote was overshadowed by allegations of corruption against FIFA delegates . Two executive committee members and four other officials were suspended after being accused of offering their votes for sale following an undercover investigation by a British newspaper . A program by the BBC on Monday alleged that three current executive committee members accepted bribes more than a decade ago .	Russia to host 2018 World Cup after winning vote by FIFA executive committee It headed off England and joint bids from Spain-Portugal and Holland-Belgium Qatar will host the 2022 event , beating bids from South Korea , Japan , Australia and U.S. Both countries will be hosting football 's biggest tournament for the first time
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is open to a "  more constructive relationship with the Venezuelan government " following the death of Hugo Chavez on Tuesday and the expulsion of two military attaches . However , the action against the United States is "  not a sign of strength , " according to a senior Obama administration official , describing the move as an internal political ploy to stir nationalistic fervor . The official said Venezuela 's vice president , Nicolas Maduro , "  is not charismatic " and is trying to sustain the Chavez legacy and win an election by advancing "  conspiracy theories . " Chavez died of cancer , Maduro said . President Barack Obama said in a statement that the United States "  reaffirms its support for the Venezuelan people and its interest in developing a constructive relationship " with Venezuela 's government . "  As Venezuela begins a new chapter in its history , the United States remains committed to policies that promote democratic principles , the rule of law , and respect for human rights , " the statement said . Maduro assumes the interim presidency and elections will be held in 30 days , Venezuela 's foreign minister , Elias Jaua , said during an interview aired on state-run broadcaster VTV . The Obama administration wants the election to be "  free and fair and credible , " according to the administration official . Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger Maduro made no mention of running for election in his public comments on Tuesday . But he is widely expected to be the United Socialist Party of Venezuela 's candidate and is considered the frontrunner by Latin American experts . The United States will stay out of the election . And the administration official said it remains open to restoring diplomatic relations with an ambassador regardless of the winner . However , given what occurred on Tuesday regarding charges by Venezuela against two U.S. Embassy attaches , the official said "  we need to see more than we saw today . " The Americans were accused of plotting to destabilize the country , which the State Department dismissed . The administration official believes , however , it is "  counterproductive to be at odds " with the Venezuelan government . Another administration official said expulsion of the U.S. military aides was a sign the Venezuelan leadership is feeling "  uncertain , unsure and weak , " and that a more constructive relationship with the United States was "  really up to the Venezuelans if they want that . " But senior American officials do n't expect the relationship to change dramatically in the short term primarily because Chavez 's system still exists . Opinion : Chavez used force of personality to win votes , influence leaders The United States , these officials say , will want to see a break with that and movement toward a democratic process . The officials believe that Chavez adherents led by Maduro will want to maintain the same approach , but could be more pragmatic and less confrontational . However , there are strong anti-Venezuelan views on Capitol Hill and it would be difficult to confirm an ambassador . That could change if there is cooperation on issues like counter-narcotics or counter-terrorism , the officials said . The Obama administration is expected to try and get Venezuela to impose sanctions on Iran , which the country has repeatedly violated , they added . Latin American experts believe Chavez 's death could change the dynamic in the region , not only between the United States and Venezuela , but also among Latin American countries . Robert Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said that Chavez ruled "  with an iron hand " and his death has left a "  political void that we hope will be filled peacefully . " "  With free and fair elections , Venezuela can begin to restore its once robust democracy and ensure respect for the human , political and civil rights of its people , " the New Jersey Democrat said . Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , called Chavez a "  destabilizing force in Latin America " and an obstacle to progress . "  I hope his death provides an opportunity for a new chapter in U.S.-Venezuelan relations , " the Michigan Republican said . iReport : Share your reactions CNN 's Jim Acosta and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	White House interested in policies that promote democratic principles Source says expulsion of two U.S. military aides "  not a sign of strength " Obama administration wants elections to be "  free and fair and credible , " source says Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died after a long fight with cancer
Washington  CNN  -- Astronomers have discovered a new planet that just may be able to support life in a nearby solar system a mere 20 light years from Earth . It 's called Gliese 581g and is located in the constellation Libra . It circles the red dwarf star Gliese 581 . According to a research that is set to be published in the Astrophysical Journal , the planet is "  squarely in the middle of the habitable zone of the star " which offers a very compelling case for a potentially habitable planet around a very nearby star . When a planet falls in the "  habitable zone " it means that it orbits the star at a distance that allows for the planet to have both liquid water and an atmosphere , two conditions that are considered important for life to exist . "  Our findings offer a very compelling case for a potentially habitable planet , " said Astronomy Professor Steven Vogt of the University of California Santa Cruz who lead the research along with Astronomer Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institute . To scientists a "  potentially habitable " planet is not one where humans would want to live , but rather one that could sustain life . The scientists believe the new planet has a mass three to four times that of Earth and orbits its star approximately every 37 days . It 's likely rocky planet , according to Vogt . Size is another factor in determining the likelihood of a planet to be able to support life . It has to be large enough to hold an atmosphere , but not so large that it becomes an "  ice giant " like Neptune or Uranus . "  If we discover life outside our planet , it would perhaps be the most significant discovery of all time , " said Ed Seidel of the National Science Foundation . "  This is clearly one of the most exciting areas of science these days . " The report can be found at http://arxiv.org/list/astro-ph.EP/new .	Gilese 581g is 20 light years from Earth -- a near neighbor by galactic standards Soon-to-be-published research says body is in "  habitable " zone of its solar system Scientists believe Gilese 581g has a mass three to four times that of Earth A habitable planet has to be a rocky planet large enough to hold an atmosphere
CNN  -- Ever thought of trekking through northern New Mexico with a llama to marvel at the vibrant aspens ? Or zipping through the color-splashed mountains of Georgia , 2,000 feet above ground ? If not , maybe it 's time to embark on a fall foliage adventure that stretches beyond scenic drives and hikes . But hurry , the leaves are changing -- and falling -- fast . Hike with a llama Avoid the crowds and travel with El Paseo Llama Expeditions in Taos , New Mexico , for a unique fall adventure . "  The area outside Taos , New Mexico , is a great place to see the aspens turn gold while llamas do the heavy lifting . Kids who are small enough can even ride the llamas , " said Rich Beattie , executive editor of TravelandLeisure.com . El Paseo 's llamas will pack gear and carry riders weighing up to 60 pounds . Novice to advanced hikers are welcome , as the company offers excursions along an range of trails through the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the Southern Rockies and the Rio Grande Gorge . El Paseo Llama Expeditions ' offerings range from half-day hikes all the way to eight-day/seven-night expeditions . Prices start at $ 74 per person and vary based on the number of days , people and equipment . Travel + Leisure : America 's best fall color drives Join a Segway tour Why walk when you can glide ? Segway of Manchester in Manchester , New Hampshire , is offering a smooth ride to leaf peepers with its fall foliage tour . "  No , the Segway never caught on , but it still makes for a fun way to tour a destination , especially when you 're driving around looking at fall colors , " Beattie said . Segway through color-splashed Manchester with tour guides two - or three-hour tours . Two-hour tours are $ 69 ; three hours are $ 99 . Hang glide for an aerial view Experience the vibrant fall patchwork of yellows , reds and oranges from a new perspective : 2,000 feet above ground . Lookout Mountain Hang Gliding , about 40 minutes from Chattanooga , Tennessee , in Rising Fawn , Georgia , offers foliage enthusiasts the chance to learn to fly . No experience is necessary : Lookout has plenty of training packages designed for all levels . If you 're looking for just a day of fun , try the Introductory Experience package , a full day of instruction that involves ground training and flying from small hills about 10 to 15 feet high . By the afternoon , you will be flying tandem with an instructor 2,000 feet above Lookout Valley . For ages 12 and up ; $ 199 . Travel + Leisure : Best affordable fall foliage towns Take a peaceful balloon ride Napa Valley 's incredible wines are n't the Northern California region 's only draw . Float through the air with Napa Valley Balloons as you experience ultimate tranquility thousands of feet above ground . The typical ride starts with a continental breakfast provided by Napa Valley Balloons and a brief pilot orientation . Then you 're off , up in the air , looking over corridors of autumn-hued vines , mountains and one of the most beautiful valleys in the world . After the hour balloon ride , passengers are greeted with fine Napa sparkling wines at a champagne breakfast . Standard rate is $ 240 per person . It 's not just in Napa either . "  It 's an experience you can have all over the country , from Napa , California , to Asheville , North Carolina , and upstate New York , " Beattie said . Board a steam train Train lovers , rejoice ! Witness the changing leaves in total comfort as you stare out your window on a steam-engine train ride . The Steam Railroad Institute in Owosso , Michigan , is offering a fall foliage ride on October 23 between Owosso and Alma , Michigan . Coach tickets are $ 99 . "  Steam engines still evoke a certain nostalgia , " Beattie said . Train lovers can find fall rides across the country in states from Connecticut and West Virginia to Indiana and beyond .	Hang glide over colorful mountains near Chattanooga , Tennessee Take in the autumn patchwork of California 's Napa Valley from a hot air balloon Let a llama tote your gear during fall foliage hikes near Taos , New Mexico
CNN  -- If 21st century Africa is a story struggling for equality in the global community of stories , to paraphrase Africa 's most famous novelist , Chinua Achebe , then Bob Geldof , Bono , and international aid and charity organizations are not the only actors seeking a space in that narrative . Continental Africa too is seeking a space in her own story -- the first step in telling and owning her own story . Eventually . For Western actors in the Mercy Industrial Complex , there is a story ; for Africans , there are stories . Perhaps , folks have been a tad harsh on the Mercy Industrial Complex . Perhaps there has been a little progress , a slight evolution in their narrative . In the 20th century , the Mercy Industrial Complex saw Ethiopia as Africa . In the 21st century , the tally of countries allowed to stand in for the entire continent has increased to three : Sierra Leone , Liberia , and Guinea . Gone are the days when a single country could function as Africa 's metonym . Across Africa , there are folks who challenge this narrative with alternative stories showcasing the continent 's boundless energy , genius , innovation , and youth opportunity . These African voices insist that they know it is Christmas . They insist that their hard work has rebuilt Angola to the point where that African country now has to bail out debt-ridden and economically-stagnating Portugal in Western Europe with financial aid and bailouts . There is a third force in the struggle to narrate Africa . This third force is opposed to the narrative of the Mercy Industrial Complex but does not rush to embrace the euphoric counter-narratives of the new voices of African hope either . Yet , you can not accuse her of racism or not wanting the best for Africa . She is Africa 's new diaspora in Euro-America . And she is insisting that Africa 's new story will not be told without her . She left Africa at the beginning of the 1980s when murderous military despotism , combined with a deadly cocktail of ruinous policies imposed by the IMF and the World Bank to empty the continent of hope . Now , this activist diaspora insists on her story of Africa . She is saying that new narratives of progress must not overlook the albatross of corruption and poor governance . Social media has enhanced her activism , allowing her to intervene and shape opinion in individual African countries in a manner that is unprecedented . Her relentless scrutiny of the narratives of progress and hope often pitches her against the state in Africa . Ordinary citizens in Africa also sometimes view the vocal intervention and activism of the new diaspora with suspicion . "  You are always talking about corruption and poor governance as if that were the only story in Africa . What is the difference between you and those who only see Ebola in Africa ? Who made you a referee on African issues from the safety of Euro-America ? After all , you abandoned the continent when the going was tough ! " These are the usual arguments with which Africa delegitimizes her new diaspora on social media . But this new diaspora will not be shooed away easily . She insists on her legitimacy , brandishing the monetary remittances she makes annually to the continent . Diaspora remittances now outweigh Western aid to Africa . The BBC reports that in 2010 , Africans living outside of the continent remitted $ 51.8 billion to the continent . In the absence of formal welfare mechanisms in many African countries , diaspora remittances fill the void . "  If I am sending this sort of money to the continent " , says the new diaspora , "  I have a stake in her stories . I can criticize corruption and poor governance . I can be dissatisfied with mediocrity . I will not be silenced " . Defying silence is what led to the story of Sahara Reporters , one of Africa 's most phenomenal diaspora success stories . Founded by New York-based Omoyele Sowore , Sahara Reporters is an online news dedicated to fighting corruption in Nigeria . It has become the go-to medium for international news organizations for Nigeria news . Sahara Reporters ' website nets over two million visits per month . Her Facebook fan page has over a million likes . Yet , Sowore and his syndicated columnists , myself included , are always attacked by the Nigerian state and irritated citizens based mostly on the fact that their intervention in Nigerian affairs is done from the United States and Canada . In London this weekend , organizers of TEDxEUSTON , will assemble some of Africa 's best to discuss the theme , Facing Forward . In my view , the speakers , a healthy mix of Africans based in the continent and Euro-America , will confront an important question : can Africa face forward by delegitimizing her new diaspora ? Angelique Kidjo : ` Do I LOOK like I have Ebola ? ' More from African Voices The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pius Adesanmi .	Pius Adesanmi is one of the speakers at the Africa-focused TEDxEUSTON event on December 6 He says that activist diaspora insists on her story of Africa -- and social media has enhanced its voice "  New narratives of progress must not overlook the albatross of corruption and poor governance "
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's ruling Congress party has suffered a crushing defeat in local elections that are considered a litmus test for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government . The count from multiphased polling in Uttar Pradesh , India 's most populous state , showed the Congress party winning in less than 30 of the 403 boroughs . Voters , instead , backed the regional Samajwadi Party , giving it a decisive majority of 224 seats to rule the province . Led by politician , Akhilesh Yadav , 38 , the Samajwadi Party unseated powerful low-caste chief minister Mayawati , who goes by one name . Yadav is son of Uttar Pradesh 's veteran leader Mulayam Singh Yadav , a former state chief and a former wrestler . His party is believed to have a strong base among Hindu middle castes and Muslims . The tally for the Congress party count fell far short of its target , notching a fourth place finish in statewide voting . "  Anti Congress , " said a bold page-one headline on the "  Indian Express " newspaper . The outcome is a personal setback for star campaigner Rahul Gandhi , who struggled hard to revive the Congress party . "  This is one of my defeats and I take it in my stride , " said the 41-year old scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty , billed by some as a future prime minister . Gandhi , a federal lawmaker from Uttar Pradesh , was not a candidate , but led a tireless campaign in the provincial elections . His party leads the United Progressive Alliance government at the national level . "  The Congress  party  needs to wake up and smell the anti-incumbency that 's rising nationally against the UPA government , fueled by rising prices , poor economic management and corruption , " the Times of India wrote in an editorial . In the run-up to polling , the Congress-led federal government , reeling from a raft of multibillion-dollar corruption scandals , approved job quotas for minority groups in a move widely perceived as an attempt to woo the Muslim community in Uttar Pradesh -- which makes up an estimated 18 % of the state 's population , according to official figures . Though the state is almost paralyzed by widespread poverty and poor health care , political observers say caste and religion still take precedence over development in local politics . "  Religion and caste factor in right from the selection of candidates by almost all political parties . Candidates are chosen on the basis of the population constitution of constituencies , " said political analyst J.P. Shukla . The ousted leader , Mayawati , became chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2007 after leading her Bahujan Samaj Party to an overwhelming victory in this state of more than 200 million people . An icon of the Dalits , once known as "  the untouchables " and the lowest rung in the Hindu caste system , the 56-year-old has been widely criticized for her alleged extravagance while heading one of India 's poorest parts . Yet Mayawati 's supporters -- not just Dalits -- praised her for bringing about what they describe as a "  qualitative difference " to the lives of a rainbow of castes during her tenure . Meantime , Congress suffered a major setback in other states . It failed in Punjab and Goa while securing a victory by a whisker -- but without a clear majority -- in the mountainous Uttarakhand state . An influential local leader , Okram Ibobi Singh , was credited for retaining power for the Congress party in the far-flung , insurgency-wracked Manipur province .	The elections are considered a litmus test for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government Voters back the regional Samajwadi Party , giving it a decisive majority of 224 seats Results show Congress party winning in less than 30 of the 403 boroughs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From today , travelers visiting the United States under the Visa Waiver Program  VWP  risk being detained at airports and sent home if they do n't comply with new U.S. immigration rules . Thousands of travelers risk being detained and sent home from U.S. airports and ports . The introduction of the Electronic System for Travel Authorization  ESTA  means visitors from 27 VWP countries -- including most of Western Europe , New Zealand , Japan and Australia -- must now register their details online at least three days before departure . ESTA -- which came into effect today -- replaces the written green I-94 form and allows travelers under the VWP to enter the U.S. without a visa and stay for up to 90 days . The measure is designed to tighten security and make it harder for terrorists who are citizens of the participating countries to easily obtain entry to the U.S. Critics fear the new rule will be an inconvenience for business travelers and the British Foreign Office is concerned that travelers who have not heard about the new rules may be caught out . A British Foreign Office report on travel trends for 2009 predicted that 13 percent of British travelers are more likely to visit the States now Barack Obama has been elected . "  The consequences of not registering through ESTA could therefore be far reaching , " says the Foreign Office . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has assured travelers that the system can handle last-minute and emergency requests . Watch CNN 's Richard Quest explain the new rules . " ESTA has been operating on a voluntary basis since 1 August 2008 and is compulsory from 12 January 2009 . Applications can be made at any time , even if travelers have no specific travel plans . If itineraries change , information can be easily updated on the ESTA Web site . Once travelers are authorized , they can travel for up to two years or until their passport expires , whichever comes first . Passengers must submit the same information that is currently required in the I-94 immigration form . This includes biographical data , travel information as well as questions regarding communicable diseases , arrests and convictions . Registration is possible through the U.S. government ESTA Web site . In most cases , eligibility for travel will be approved immediately . Applicants who receive an "  Authorization Pending " response will need to check the Web site for updates . Applicants whose ESTA applications are denied will be referred to Travel.State.Gov for information on how to apply for a visa . ESTA does not change the rules for citizens from countries that require visas . That no longer includes travelers from the Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , the Republic of Korea , and the Slovak Republic ; they joined the VWP in November , 2008 . Malta became a member the following month . Travelers are advised that ESTA does not guarantee entry into the United States . The final decision rests with the immigration official at the port of entry .	Travelers risk being turned away at U.S. airports , as entry rules come into effect ESTA allows short-term visitors under the visa waiver program entry to the U.S. Visitors must register details online at least three days before they depart
CNN  -- Nearly 4,500 American soldiers lost and 32,000 wounded . A trillion dollars of borrowed money to remove Saddam Hussein and create an Iraq that would not only be safe from possessing weapons of mass destruction but also friendly toward the United States . These are the United States ' heavy sacrifices in blood and treasure . One can be forgiven for expecting some Iraqi support for U.S. foreign policy aims in the region . On Monday , the Iranian-backed prime minister of Iraq , Nuri al-Maliki , met with President Barack Obama at the White House to express his thanks for liberating Iraq from Hussein and discuss next steps . The frosty news conference afterward told us that all was not well . Tense , lacking in warmth and smiles and with public disagreement about Iraq 's neighbor , Syria , the appearance did not reflect a productive meeting . As the United States formally ends the almost nine-year war and nears the end of its troop withdrawal , there is still much at stake -- and it 's not the relatively tiny Iraqi nation of 30 million people , but U.S. influence and foreign policy objectives in the region . The Iraqi prime minister knows that his country , particularly his armed forces , is not yet ready to contain the probable outbreak of sectarian violence . And he wants U.S. financial expertise in developing Iraq 's private sector . He made no secret of wanting greater U.S. assistance on both fronts . Iraq , under al-Maliki , is keen to receive U.S. help in countering terrorism and developing its economy . It seems perfectly legitimate , therefore , for the United States to express its own expectations from Iraq . But what is the Iraqi response ? First , ending , or more precisely , containing the Arab-Israeli conflict is a top priority of the U.S. in the Middle East . Iraq 's support here would help bolster the U.S. position . Moreover , Iraq could financially help Palestinian activists committed to a two-state solution . But while Egypt , Jordan and Turkey recognize Israel , Iraq continues to refuse to do so . Second , the U.S. and Turkey have , mistakenly in my view , called for Syria 's president , Basher al-Assad , to resign . But Iraq has defied the United States and supported the Assad regime . When Hussein killed Iraqi Shias , al-Maliki and others called for U.S. support for removing the Iraqi dictator . But the same logic does not seem to apply for al-Maliki and Iraq today . Forced to choose between the U.S. line and Iran 's support for Damascus , Iraq opted for aligning with the mullahs in Tehran . Third , Iraq is seen as an outsider among Arab nations in the region today because of its political ties to Iran . Under Hussein , Iraq was a buffer against spreading Iran 's religious and revolutionary fervor . U.S. attempts to isolate Iran and build regional support against Iran 's nuclear weapons program are repeatedly scuppered by Iraq 's failure to support such efforts , much less lead it . In contrast , Saudi Arabia  for different reasons  has been willing to support U.S. initiatives to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear warhead . With U.S. military and political presence inside Iraq coming to an end and with the passage of time , Baghdad will become ever closer to Tehran . Those who argue that the large and well-resourced U.S. embassy in Iraq will ensure that Baghdad is kept in check fail to remember that Tehran , too , once had a powerful U.S. embassy . Unless political will in Iraq exists to align with the United States , U.S. civilian contractors and a large embassy , much like in Pakistan , can not create allies . Al-Maliki 's comments at the White House , the trajectory of his government and the failure of the Obama administration to steer Iraq away from Iran raises these important questions for the United States : What does Iran offer that the United States can not ? If after so much sacrifice , the United States can not create an ally in Iraq , then is it realistic to expect that U.S. involvement in other nations  Syria , for example  will create U.S.-friendly regimes ? Most importantly , what is it about U.S. foreign policy aims that make them so toxic for Iraq ? If U.S. foreign policy is so detached from the lived reality of the Arab world , is it time to reformulate policy so that they can be accepted by those for whom the United States sacrificed so much ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain : U.S. spent vast blood and treasure on ousting Saddam Hussein , building Iraq ties He says when Nuri al-Maliki , Barack Obama met to formally end war , things were tense He says Iraq still wants U.S. help aid but avoids U.S. foreign policy aims , has ties to Iran Husain : If U.S. ca n't count on Iraq by now , how will it hold sway in other nations in region ?
CNN  Who says you need a printer to churn out digital-quality images ? The Human Printer , a project from graphic design duo Stinsensqueeze , is recreating this modern effect with decidedly old-school techniques . Louise Naunton Morgan and Stina Gromark use fine tip markers and endless patience to mimic the layered tonality of CMYK color printing , which uses cyan , magenta , yellow and black to create the full spectrum .  You may recognize these colors from your old printer cartridges .  However , the handmade component gives each print its own look and feel . "  With something handmade , you create unique experiences or unique art works , whereas digitally , you can produce it over and over again , and it 's exactly the same , " says Gromark . How it 's made Recreating an image seems both incredibly simple and frustratingly specific . Using a half-tone version of a digital image as their guide  imagine a picture broken down into tiny grayscale circles  , the designers create four layers of tiny pen dots that correspond with the CMYK process colors . If done correctly , the dots should create the illusion of seamlessly blended colors and defined shapes . "  It 's like what you see on a billboard : if you were to look really closely , you would see all of the individual dots , " Naunton Morgan explains . "  The process is really very simple , just take care not to make lots of errors ... Anyone could do it . " The amount of time needed to complete an image largely depends on the subject 's complexity and the size of the dots  smaller dots create a more convincing optical illusion and take more time  , but on average , it takes one person eight to 10 hours to fill a letter size sheet . Fusing the human and the digital Naunton Morgan and Gromark first started the Human Printer in 2009 while studying at Central Saint Martins in London . As graphic design students , they often discussed human interaction with technology , and how the handmade relates to the digitally produced . "  You print an image for a digital print and it always has the same finish to it . Something that 's handmade is much more unique , it 's much more individual , " Naunton Morgan says . "  These ideas married themselves together and we were like ` Hey ! What would happen if you were to do  digital printing  by hand ? ' " Their peers ' enthusiasm compelled them to extend the project beyond graduation , and Naunton Morgan and Gromark eventually absorbed it into their current design practice .  They currently operate out of London and Paris . The future of prints While they do accept commissions like a traditional printing service and have recently started selling prints online , Naunton Morgan and Gromark try to reposition their work in more creative ways . In September , they were invited to create their largest and most ambitious work yet at Unseen photo fair in Amsterdam . For four days , visitors watched Naunton Morgan , Gromark and a rotating team of five volunteers work in a glass cabin , dotting out a landscape on one of its 140 square foot walls . They 've also released two books exploring human intervention in digital processes . Though they have n't confirmed what they 'll try next , Gromark is happy to muse on the possibilities . "  Could we print in on another material ? Could we explore the same process in a 3-D printer ? " she says . "  We 're just trying to expand the way we see it . " Replacing traditional printing , however , will never be the goal . The hours required to make a print by hand are wildly impractical in the face of today 's instant printers , and no matter how much effort is made , it 's impossible to get a true duplicate with markers . In fact , the Human Printer put this to the test last year by hand-printing the same image 20 times in a row . The prints were not identical , but they were inimitable . "  That 's the nature of why it 's called the Human Printer , " says Naunton Morgan . "  It 's about celebrating things that are handmade and do have errors , compared to those that are digitally produced . " Is this the end of ambitious Chinese architecture ? Explicit nude drawings that shook the world Fondation Louis Vuitton unveils Paris ' latest landmark The lost art of the American pin-up	The Human Printer recreates digital prints by hand using fine tip markers Stinsensqueeze , the design duo behind the project , mimics CMYK color processes The project is meant to highlight the relationship between humans and technology Making a letter size image this way could take up to 10 hours
The Clintons and Monica Lewinsky will be sharing the stage this summer , but probably not in the way you would expect . "  Clinton : The Musical " will make its U.S. debut at the New York Musical Theatre Festival in July . "  It 's history . Sort of , " the musical 's tagline says on the festival 's website . The show 's description reads , "  It 's hard enough being president by yourself . Bill Clinton 's problem is that there are two of him . Literally . ` Clinton ' follows two Bill Clintons and Hillary on their quest to save their presidency , change America and prove that ` politics is show business for ugly people . ' " The political satire by Australian brothers Paul and Michael Hodge was nominated for best new musical at the 2012 Edinburgh Festival Fringe in Scotland . The production was transferred to London 's King 's Head Theatre in 2013 before making its way to America . The musical features two Bill Clintons -- W.J. Clinton as the smart and presidential man the American public knows well and the unruly , oversexed "  Billy . " Karl Kenzler will play W.J. Clinton , while Duke Lafoon will be "  Billy " Clinton and Alet Taylor is Hillary Clinton . In addition to the Clintons , notable characters in the musical include Lewinsky , Eleanor Roosevelt and Newt Gingrich . Performances will run July 18-20 , July 22 and July 25 at the Alice Griffin Jewel Box Theatre in New York . Tickets are $ 25 . The former first family has no involvement with the production , and a representative for the Clintons did not immediately respond to CNN seeking comment .	"  Clinton : The Musical " to play at New York Musical Theatre Festival next month Political satire features two Bill Clintons , Hillary Clinton and Monica Lewinsky Musical first appeared at Edinburgh Festival Fringe in Scotland in 2012 The Clintons have no involvement with the show
CNN  -- About one out of every four Facebook users lies on their profile , and not just to impress that guy or gal who would n't date them in high school . Sometimes , it 's about privacy . That was one of the findings of a Consumer Reports investigation released this week . Titled "  Facebook & Your Privacy , " the report focuses on the ways people use the social-networking site to share information , and what happens to that information after they do . In a survey of 2,000 households , 25 % of users said they falsified information in their profiles to protect their identity , Consumer Reports said . That 's up from 10 % in a similar survey two years ago . The consumer-advocacy site attributed that rise to growing concerns about privacy . Some advocates , the report noted , want a national privacy law that holds all companies to the same privacy standards and lets consumers tell companies not to track them online . There are some limits to a person 's ability to prevaricate on the site . Facebook has a real-name policy . It requires a real e-mail address  yes , you can create a dummy account that you only use to sign up for websites , but it 's still yours  . And you ca n't join certain networks -- those for college students , for example -- without the right kind of address . "  One can almost be a totally different human on Facebook than in real life , " wrote Rebecca Greenfield for The Atlantic . "  But , one can never escape their true selves , with the few details Facebook does not allow its users to fudge . " Some users have been known to create profiles under false or incomplete names to hide from employers or job recruiters . Others list fake birthdays on the site to foil potential identity thieves . There have been several high-profile cases of fake Facebook identities . The 2010 documentary film "  Catfish " chronicled the story of a lonely Michigan woman who created a false Facebook identity to flirt online with a New York man . Privacy , of course , is n't the only reason to skirt around the edges of the truth online . In January , ReadWriteWeb looked at some of the top reasons for faking a Facebook profile . Among them :  $ cents People hide things about their identities that may be personally troubling or even dangerous if others knew .  $ cents In cases when a person is known professionally by a different name than his or her real one .  $ cents Just for laughs Most folks , though , might not be fudging the facts . A 2010 study of college students in the United States and Germany revealed that they typically presented accurate versions of their personalities on Facebook and a similar German site . "  Online social networks are so popular and so likely to reveal people 's actual personalities because they allow for social interactions that feel real in many ways , " said psychologist Mitja Back of Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz , Germany , who published the report with colleagues in Psychological Science .	Study : About 25 % of Facebook users falsified information in profiles to protect their identity The site has limits -- real names and real e-mail addresses are required Other reasons to lie on Facebook : as part of professional identity or for fun
CNN  -- Jordan Belfi has a great job : He plays Adam Davies on the HBO show "  Entourage , " a comedy series that takes a look at the life of a young actor , Vincent Chase , and the old friends who surround him in Hollywood . Jordan Belfi arrives at the premiere of "  Entourage " season six in Los Angeles , California . Davies is one of the few characters on the show who has the ability to shake one of the central figures : the unshakeable agent Ari Gold . Belfi has been around since the early days of "  Entourage " and remembers the humble beginnings of his character 's career as an agent under Gold 's direction . Since that first season , Davies has risen to become Ari 's chief rival on the show . Belfi believes conveying the tension between him and Ari is easy , based on the great material he 's given . "  It 's a testament to the writing by Doug Ellin , the creator of the show . It 's just on the page , " Belfi said . "  When you get setups and writing and dialogue and scenes that good , it makes your job that much easier . " CNN talked to Belfi , who 's also in the movie "  Surrogates "  opening Friday  , about his experiences on the show and his inspiration for the role . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : A lot of fans really missed that rivalry between you and Ari Gold . Talk a little about how you and Jeremy Piven kind of prepare for that and try to make that real on screen . Belfi : Adam Davies has become ... one of the few characters on the show that really knows how to get under Ari 's skin and push his buttons . Ari is an entertaining character , and it 's fun to watch him go after things , but people really enjoy kind of when Ari 's off balance . That interplay , that back and forth , particularly the sort of thing that 's happening now -LSB- on the show -RSB- , the constantly one-upping each other , is just really fun to watch . It 's entertaining . And I get that response from a lot of the fans of the show . They love Adam Davies for that reason because he just knows how to do it . Jeremy ... -LSB- is -RSB- an actor with so much power and force and impact that you 're sort of forced to up your game . You 're really present in the moment . And when you 're there and you 're really going back and forth , that 's when the sparks really fly . CNN : Talk little bit about the inspiration you draw from to play Adam Davies . Belfi : I started way back on season one in the beginning of the show . And back then , Adam Davies was still in his cubicle . So a lot of the inspiration came from meetings I had when I was starting out -- you know , behavior I experienced from agents and other industry people when I was starting out . I was in a not-too-dissimilar position . ... And I think that 's what people really respond to . There 's an absolute foundation of truth -- almost scary truth -- to the things Adam says , the things Ari does , all that kind of stuff . And it 's why it 's such a visceral experience for people in the industry and fun for people that happen not to be in the industry . CNN : What are your thoughts on Adam Davies as a person ? Belfi : What gives Ari a little bit of his soul , his heart , is that we have all these scenes with his wife and his family , and you really get to see him as a dad . ... -LSB- But -RSB- we have n't gotten to see any of the personal life of Adam Davies . So I do n't know if there 's anything yet to kind of balance out those ruthless qualities he has . But I think he 's the kind of agent that I 'd certainly like to have if you 're that actor trying to go after that job . You want that agent who 's going to beg , borrow and steal to help prove that you 're the guy . So in that respect , it seems like he 's someone you 'd want on your side . And the thing is , I think that 's what made the rivalry between him and Ari so great . You know when he was coming up , he probably did a lot of the same things -LSB- as Ari -RSB- and ran over people in similar kinds of ways . They 're really kind of the same in a lot of ways . So you 're either best friends or mortal enemies when you share that much in common with somebody . CNN : Exempting Davies , who 's your favorite character on the show and why ? Belfi : Ah ! Impossible question ! I have to exempt Adam Davies from the answer ? ... If I absolutely , gun-to-my-head have to choose , there 's a quality about -LSB- Chase 's brother -RSB- Drama that I 've always loved . And it was maybe more prominent in the first couple of seasons than it is now because it 's evolved slightly . The quality that I always found the most entertaining , is that Drama was always this mix of desperation and simultaneous pride . And that 's really funny . You know at the beginning he was just scratching , begging for something , some chunk of the game or to get back in the game . But he simultaneously kind of knows it all . And that mix is a great comedic mix , comedic recipe . It was both funny and heartbreaking . CNN : Of course , our diehard "  Entourage " fans would love to get some scoop on the coming story lines . You 've got ta give us something . Belfi : A little something ? Well , I do n't think I 'd be giving away too much to say that Adam might get Lloyd . In terms of the story line , there 's some stuff that I 'm told with Drama and his going after this role on "  Melrose Place " and the screen test for that role and the ups and downs of that . And also , some big things happen between Eric and Sloane . But in terms of the really exciting stuff between Adam Davies and Ari , I guess I 'll say this : At the end of season two , when Ari is trying to form his coup , to break up the agency , and Adam is the one who rats him out and gets him fired and humiliated and causes that whole thing ... In the amazing way that Doug has constructed it , all that stuff from the end of season two comes full circle . There 's this one thing that happens that will really stand out and that people will talk about . So some fun , exciting stuff to look forward to .	Jordan Belfi plays acting agent Adam Davies on the HBO show "  Entourage " Belfi has played Ari Gold 's nemesis on the show since the first season "  I think he 's the kind of agent that I 'd certainly like to have , " Belfi says of Davies A little something about coming story lines : Belfi says Adam might get Lloyd
It 's been a long journey for Richard III , the 15th century king whose skeleton was found under a parking lot in the English city of Leicester . But on Friday , his final destination became clear . The medieval monarch will be reburied in Leicester Cathedral , just a stone 's throw away from where his remains were uncovered . The discovery of his remains , complete with curved spine and staved-in skull , in the summer of 2012 sparked global headlines and a new battle -- over which city would host his remains in perpetuity . Archaeologists had been searching the site for Leicester 's long-lost Greyfriars Friaryhad and always planned for any bodies they uncovered to be reburied at the city 's cathedral . That was challenged in the courts by a group calling itself the Plantagenet Alliance , which argued it was the medieval king 's wish to be buried in the historic northern city of York -- the city they claim was closest to his heart . But judges at the Royal Courts of Justice ruled Friday that his funeral should be held in Leicester as originally planned . Their ruling notes that since Richard 's exhumation , "  passions have been roused and much ink has been spilt " as rival camps fought to stake their claim . Now , they say , "  We agree that it is time for Richard III to be given a dignified reburial , and finally laid to rest . " The University of Leicester , which was behind the excavation project , celebrated the outcome on Twitter . "  Richard III will be reinterred in Leicester . Great news for the University , our city and everybody involved in the discovery , " it said . ` Horrific death ' In bringing its case , the Alliance objected to the lack of consultation over where the newly-rediscovered monarch 's bones should be laid to rest , saying more thought should have been given to the question . On its website , the Alliance -- made up of people who claim to be distantly related to Richard III , and headed by Stephen Nicolay , his 16th great nephew -- set out its argument to have him reburied in York . "  We believe that the proposed location of Leicester is wholly inappropriate for the burial of King Richard III , who had no connections with the town beyond his horrific death , bodily despoliation and appalling burial in a foreshortened grave , " it said . "  As people who have died in a foreign place are ` brought home , ' so too King Richard should be brought to a place with which he had every possible connection and affection . " Richard III lost his life in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 -- the last king of England to die on the battlefield and the last monarch from the House of York . Until his remains were found , the monarch was best known to modern Britons as the hunchbacked Shakespearean villain accused of murdering his nephews , the "  Princes in the Tower , " to usurp the throne . That notorious history may make the battle over his reburial site appear all the more unlikely . But both sides insisted they have a strong claim to his remains . Now Leicester could see a significant commercial benefit , if tourists flock to see his final resting place . The city already has plans for a new tomb in the cathedral , where a memorial stone has long paid tribute to the last Plantagenet king , and for a visitor center on the site of the Greyfriars car park , telling the story of Richard 's life , his death , and his rediscovery . In a statement , Leicester City Mayor Peter Soulsby said : "  I am delighted that Leicester Cathedral can now proceed with its plans to give King Richard lll a dignified reburial here in the city . "  With the support of the city council and the University of Leicester , the cathedral is now planning for the king 's reinterment to take place in the spring of next year . " Read more : Richard III had worms , scientists say Read more : New coffin mystery at Richard III site	The Royal Courts of Justice rules that Richard III should be reburied in Leicester The king 's remains were discovered in summer 2012 under a parking lot The archeologists who disinterred the remains intended a reburial in Leicester Cathedral A legal challenge was brought by a group which said he should be reburied in York
Diem Brown , the MTV reality star whose fight against cancer was an inspiration to many , lost that long battle on Friday . She was 32 . "  MTV is tremendously sad to hear the news that Diem Brown has lost her long battle with cancer , " the network said in a statement . "  We send our deepest condolences to her family and friends . Diem was a true fighter and brought passion to everything she touched . We will miss her . " In her absence , many are grieving the loss of a woman who wanted to provide support for all who were facing illnesses . Brown was diagnosed with ovarian cancer when she was 23 . At the time , she did n't let the diagnosis or the treatment slow her goals : After having an ovary , several lymph nodes and part of a fallopian tube removed , Brown packed up and set off for Australia to take part in MTV 's "  Real World/Road Rules Challenge , " People magazine reports . In 2012 , she faced ovarian cancer for the second time , and in August , she revealed that she had colon cancer . That third round was "  the scariest build up towards my cancer journey , " Brown told E! "  Both mentally , physically and emotionally the most traumatic . I 've been needing some hope to fight for , some light to look forward to at the end of this journey . I find that strength in my family , friends and fans . People I 've never met believe in me , I ca n't let them down ! I wo n't . " It 's that fighter 's spirit that Brown became known for , both on and off the camera . While she was facing her own struggles , she took the time to blog about her experience for People magazine and established the organization MedGift , a support registry for those facing any kind of illness or health struggle . In a tribute to Brown on Instagram , E! 's Alicia Quarles called her friend her "  earth angel . " "  I 've always told you , you are my earth angel , " Quarles said . "  Now , you are our heavenly angel . I see you dancing in heaven with your mother and grandmother . I promise to live the best life possible for both of us . Thank you for teaching me grace , faith , tenacity and for the gift of Medgift.com You and I will never end . You are my true , dear love . " After her third cancer diagnosis in August , Brown tried to maintain a positive outlook in the midst of what she admitted were some trying times . "  I 'm so fortunate to have a platform as I know I 'm not the only one out there going through something like this , " Brown told People . "  I promise to keep trucking along if for nothing else but others who need to know it is possible to beat this horrible disease once and for all ! " The next month brought devastating news , as Brown learned that the cancer found in her colon had spread to her liver and lymph nodes . On Tuesday , the TV personality put out a call for "  prayers , advice , support & outreach " on Twitter as she was hospitalized in New York . Three days later , she died at 10:22 a.m. Facing cancer for so long changed her , Brown told People in September . "  It sounds like a cliche , but I 've only got this one life , " she said . "  I need to live every day to the fullest . " People we 've lost in 2014	MTV reality star Diem Brown died Friday The TV personality had a long battle with cancer She also launched the support registry MedGift.com for those in need
CNN  -- The lines extended into the street at times , voters waiting to pick their choice to succeed Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Some 70 % of some 50 million registered voters -- men and women , young and old -- turned out according to state broadcaster Press TV , to pick a man who 'll deal with high-stakes challenges domestically and internationally . And now the results are starting to trickle in . Based on two sets of still very early results , centrist candidate Hassan Rouhani had more votes than any other candidate , Interior Ministry officials said early Saturday . As of about 7:15 a.m. Saturday  10:45 p.m. ET Friday  , Rouhani had 834,859 votes ; Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf had 320,562 ; Saeed Jalili had 257,822 ; Mohsen Rezaei had 214,368 ; Ali-Akbar Velayati had 106,144 ; and Mohammad Gharazi had 25,324 . Even counted cumulatively , these votes represented a small fraction of the total vote . If the 70 % turnout figure is correct , there would be about 35 million votes ; the early results reflect about 1.76 million . When the final tally does come in , that does n't necessarily mean the election is over . If no single candidate gets more than half the vote , the top two finishers will face off in a runoff next Friday , June 21 . That victor will take Ahmadinejad 's mantle as one of the most visible figures , at a time it 's dealing with widespread sanctions tied to international anger over its nuclear program . But he wo n't be Iran 's most powerful man : That distinction belongs to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has been Iran 's supreme leader since 1989 . He 's got plenty of backing , from conservative citizens to paramilitary to , most notably of all , the Revolutionary Guard . "  Whoever is president , he 's going to have his hands relatively tied by the Revolutionary Guard if they do n't really like what he 's doing , " said Alireza Nader , a policy analyst at the Rand Corporation think tank . Centrist candidate complained of irregularities This reality of Iranian governance , though , did n't prevent 680 men and women from officially seeking the office . The Guardian Council -- a non-elected body made up of six clerics and six lawyers operating under the oversight of the supreme leader -- narrowed that group down to eight . Two others subsequently dropped out . The final six contenders do n't include any women . Nor do they include Ahmadinejad 's aide and protege Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , who was among those excluded by the Guardian Council . Velayati , Ghalibaf and Jalili , who is Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator , are considered close to Khamenei and would be unlikely to challenge his authority . Of the three , Jalili has seen the most popular support going into the vote . Rouhani , meanwhile , has the backing of the highly influential former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . Hours into the voting , Rouhani had complained of a voting irregularity . A reform candidate , Mohammed Aref , who dropped out of the race earlier in the week , is still on some ballots . Rouhani is worried that voters may mistakenly select Aref , which would amount to a vote thrown away . It was not clear how many ballot papers were concerned . CNN 's view on the streets of Tehran Iran 's semi-official Mehr News reported via Twitter that voting lines got longer in the afternoon , and that there were insufficient voting slips in some polling stations . CNN 's Erin Burnett on 2013 vs. 2009 elections 2009 chaos Images of bleeding and dying Iranians flickered across social media four years ago after allegations of election fraud sparked protests and clashes . Police and the Basij , a feared paramilitary group , cracked down on the protests . Protesters were jailed , and human rights groups alleged many were tortured and killed behind bars while the government quashed the uprising . Reform politicians representing the movement , including Ahmadinejad 's election rival , former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi , have remained under house arrest . Despite the unrest , Ahmadinejad 's re-election was formally certified by the clerical establishment . Since his reelection , conservative politicians close to the supreme leader have assailed Ahmadinejad for being too liberal , and he has often been at odds with Khamenei . Some of Ahmadinejad 's associates have faced heavy repression , and hardliners attempted to link the president to the largest embezzlement case in the country 's history . Ahead of the vote this time round , campaigning was more muted although Khamenei 's office repeated his call to the ballot boxes Friday with posts on social networking site Twitter . "  I humbly expect from our nation to participate all in #IranElection & do this as soon as possible , " the supreme leader 's post said . Voting is not mandatory in Iran , but there are major incentives to push people to the polls . An active voter has a better shot at promotions in the workplace and preference when it comes to collecting social welfare benefits . This can be vital in an economy that is chronically weighed down by international sanctions over nuclear concerns . Khamenei also tweeted a jab at the United States , which has often led the charge to tighten those sanctions . "  I have heard that #USpoliticians said they do n't recognize #IranianElection . Hell with their recognition ! " he said . Clampdown on dissent ? Rights group Amnesty International said this week that it was "  concerned by evidence that the Iranian authorities are intensifying their clampdown on dissent " in the run-up to the vote . "  Those targeted include political activists , journalists and other media workers , trade unionists , advocates of greater rights for Iran 's religious and ethnic minorities , students and others . In many cases , the full reasons for arrest and detention are not known ; in others , those arrested have been brought before the courts on sweeping but vaguely worded charges , convicted and sentenced to prison terms , " it said . The head of language services for BBC World Service , Liliane Landor , also complained Thursday of "  unacceptable harassment " of its staff and other independent journalists in Iran . "  The BBC is very concerned by the unprecedented levels of intimidation being suffered by families of BBC Persian Service staff living in Iran in the final days of the presidential election campaign , " she said . "  The harassment has included threats that relatives will lose jobs and pensions and be prevented from traveling abroad . For the first time the lives of BBC Persian TV staff living in the UK have also been threatened . " Iran 's Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance , Mohammad Hosseini , said more than 2,000 local reporters and 450 foreign journalists were covering the election in Iran . The head of the Foreign Reporters Bureau within the ministry , Alireza Shirvani , said the number of foreign reporters covering the presidential election had increased by about 15 % compared with four years ago . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf , Azadeh Ansari and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : Centrist candidate Rouhani is top vote-getter in very early results State media reports about 70 % voter turnout in a nation of 50 million eligible voters If no candidate gets a majority , there will be a runoff next week The last election resulted in bloody street protests known as the "  Green Movement "
Washington  CNN  -- Concerned over the rise in heroin overdose deaths , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is vowing to increase efforts to fight what he called an "  urgent public health crisis . " In a video released Monday , Holder said the increased efforts will not only include law enforcement activity , but also treatment and efforts to keep people off the deadly drug . "  It 's clear that opiate addiction is an urgent -- and growing -- public health crisis . And that 's why Justice Department officials , including the  Drug Enforcement Administration  , and other key federal , state , and local leaders , are fighting back aggressively , " Holder said , adding that heroin overdoses increased by 45 percent between 2006 and 2010 . Are heroin death probes created equal ? One of the main efforts , Holder said , was to attack the problem by combating highly addictive prescription pills , which studies show often lead to heroin use . "  With DEA as our lead agency , we have adopted a strategy to attack all levels of the supply chain to prevent pharmaceutical controlled substances from getting into the hands of non-medical users , " Holder said . As an example of the growing problem , the Justice Department says there was a 320 % increase in heroin seized along the southwest U.S. border from 2008 through 2013 . The attorney general is also asking that first responders be equipped with a overdose-reversing drug called Naloxone . Parts of New Jersey and New York State already use the drug , which is injected into patients suffering from heroin overdoses . How heroin kills you The heroin epidemic , and the antidote for overdose Long Island sees exploding heroin use	Heroin overdoses increased 45 % from 2006 to 2010 , Attorney General Eric Holder says The Justice Department will work to reduce the number of deaths , he announces Keeping prescriptions pills away from non-medical users part of the plan , he says
CNN  -- Three University of Texas at El Paso men 's basketball players have been dismissed from the team for gambling on athletic events , the school announced Tuesday . The school said that seniors McKenzie Moore , Justin Crosgile and Jalen Ragland were dismissed from the team after an FBI investigation . UTEP said it was notified in December that two men 's basketball players had bet on sporting events . The university then contacted the FBI . The investigation found that a third player was also involved . The investigation found no indication of point-shaving but showed that they all participated in gambling on one or more sporting events . There 's no indication that they bet on their own games . "  To date we have no evidence of point-shaving involved , " Ricardo Adauto , the school 's executive vice president of legal affairs , said in a Tuesday afternoon news conference . Per NCAA rules , gambling carries a one-year suspension and the loss of eligibility . Because all three players are seniors , their collegiate careers effectively are over . They are no longer enrolled at UTEP . "  We evaluate every film after every ballgame , and I was not suspicious of any behavior that would have said that they were betting on any UTEP event , " head coach Tim Floyd said . "  There 's been no indication of that . " Moore -- the team 's leading scorer -- and Ragland had not played the past two games . They were suspended indefinitely by the school in late December .	The University of Texas at El Paso found out about gambling in December An FBI investigation found three players who bet on sports , an NCAA violation No signs that seniors McKenzie Moore , Justin Crosgile and Jalen Ragland bet on own games
CNN  If you 're looking for damn fine coffee  and hot !  , the producers of the upcoming "  Twin Peaks " reboot have just what you 're looking for . Fans of the cult 1990 ABC series can breathe easier knowing that Kyle MacLachlan will return as FBI Agent Dale Cooper . The quirky agent investigated the mysterious death of Laura Palmer , captivating viewers when it originally aired over two seasons . MacLachlan made a surprise appearance at the Television Critics Association 's winter press tour on Monday , as part of Showtime 's presentation . Viewers who like bizarre mysteries , and well , coffee-obsessed detectives , will have to wait until 2016 to get their "  Twin Peaks " fix .	Kyle MacLachlan is set to return in a "  Twin Peaks " reboot The original 1990 series star will appear as Dale Cooper in 2016 on Showtime The quirky Cooper investigated the death of Laura Palmer
