CNN  -- Five children , ages 2 to 13 , died when an SUV they were riding in blew a tire and crashed on a Texas highway , police said . A dozen people were packed into the 2003 GMC Envoy on Monday , on the way to a family outing at Splash Kingdom water park in Canton , Texas , according to Trooper Jean Dark of the Texas Department of Public Safety . Driver Federico Acuna lost control when the right rear tire exploded on Interstate 20 just outside Canton in Van Zandt County on Monday afternoon , Dark said . Acuna apparently overcorrected and the vehicle flipped , she said . None of the children who died was wearing a seat belt , Dark said . While no charges have been filed against Acuna , who was wearing his seat belt and was n't injured , there is the potential for five charges of criminally negligent homicide , Dark said . Two-year-old Judith Jaimes and 13-year-old Rosvaelia Jaimes were pronounced dead at the scene . Saideth Acuna , 6 , Omar Jaimes , 7 , and Ulisa Acuna , 3 , died at hospitals , Dark said . Three boys , ages 5 , 9 and 10 , were injured , as were two adult women , Dark said . A 15-year-old girl who was wearing a seat belt was not hurt . Vehicle flips , 7 die near Bronx Zoo CNN 's Nigel Walwyn contributed to this report .	A dozen people packed into a GMC Envoy were on a family outing The driver lost control when the right rear tire exploded on Interstate 20 , trooper says None of the children who died was wearing a seat belt , police say The driver , who was wearing his seat belt , was uninjured
London  CNN  -- Family , friends , colleagues and fans have been paying tribute to the author , archaeologist and former CNN journalist Paul Sussman , who has died suddenly . Sussman , who lived in London with his wife Alicky and their two children , Jude and Ezra , had just completed the fourth in a series of novels , based around the exploits of a gritty detective from Cairo , which had been translated into 33 languages and sold two million copies . On his Facebook page he described his feelings over its forthcoming publication : "  First proof copy of ` Labyrinth of Osiris ' arrived with the postman this morning . Curiously I am more excited about this one than any of my previous novels ! " His wife , a documentary maker , on Sunday announced Sussman 's death from a ruptured aneurysm , adding : "  He was a truly unique person - a brilliant Dad and adored husband . We will all miss him so , so much xxx . " Sussman , who was born in 1968 , lived an extraordinary life , as he was the first to admit . "  With a father who sold ladies ' underwear for a living , and an actress-turned-psychoanalyst for a mother , I suspect my life was never destined to follow a wholly conventional path . " On his website he described how after graduating with a history degree from Cambridge University which he represented at boxing , he almost entered Britain 's MI6 spy service , then worked as a gravedigger in France , sold cigars in Harrod 's and toured Europe acting as Aunt Sponge in a "  ground-breakingly execrable production of ` James and the Giant Peach . ' " On his return to London , Sussman worked in the advertising department of the Big Issue , a magazine and charity founded to help homeless people . Soon he was lobbying the magazine 's founder and editor-in-chief John Bird to work as a writer . "  Paul wrote some stuff for us , and it was spell-binding , " Bird told CNN . "  I do n't remember anyone doing it like he did . He was just a born writer . "  The Big Issue was floundering during its first year , and it was only when people like Paul came along in 1992 that we got a reputation for good journalism . He could just do anything . " Bird recalled how Sussman 's quick wit and warmth relieved the serious atmosphere at the magazine . "  My world was full of earnest people so to meet Paul was so refreshing , " he said . "  He had an electric sense of humor and seemed to be here to tell funny stories . He also had a surprising calm : he seemed supremely confident of his abilities , but never bragged or boasted . " Sussman was always up for a challenge . When Big Issue colleagues pointed out his physical resemblance to Princess Diana 's boyfriend Dodi Fayed , he agreed to be photographed for a feature in which he posed in character around London . Unfortunately , the magazine appeared on the streets the day after the death of Diana and Dodi in a car crash . Colleagues Simon Rogers and Xan Brooks remembered fondly that "  the Monday was taken up with staff frantically sticking apologies into every single copy of the magazine . " Sussman later worked for other publications including CNN.com , where he wrote features as well as vivid reportage . In 2001 he covered the chaotic funeral of Palestinian leader Faisal Husseini in Jerusalem 's Old City when Israeli troops fired tear gas at a group of Palestinian youths . "  At one point I tried to take a picture of a young boy attacking a camera , " Sussman wrote . "  Immediately I was surrounded by a crowd of teenagers shouting ` No Photo ! ' One raised his fist at me and shouted ' I Hamas ! You understand ! ' "  As soon as I explained I was English , however , and not an Israeli , their anger dissipated . The one who had raised his fist at me apologized meekly . " CNN.com International 's vice president , Nick Wrenn , described how Sussman 's enthusiasm inspired his colleagues . "  Paul was a terrific person to work with . As well as being an outstanding journalist , he was always cheerful , always helpful . "  His natural enthusiasm lifted our spirits . He made us laugh , he made us think and he cared about people . Paul was also the master of playing down his own achievements , be it his boxing exploits , his archaeological knowledge or the fact that he became a very successful author . If you congratulated him , he 'd say thanks , smile , shrug and ask about you instead . " Alongside his journalism , Sussman also worked extensively as a field archaeologist , particularly in Egypt where he took part in the first expedition to dig new ground in the Valley of the Kings since the discovery of Tutankhamun in 1922 . Sussman described how he had "  the dubious honor of having discovered the only items of pharaonic jewellery to have been found in the Valley since Tut . " His archaeological knowledge , along with his unique way with words inevitably led to him writing his best-selling novels , and he was proud to be described by the Independent newspaper as "  the intelligent reader 's answer to ` The Da Vinci Code . ' " Despite his success he remained down-to-earth and accessible though . Franki Popescu was just one of many fans who posted tributes on Sussman 's Facebook page : "  Paul was an amazing author as everyone has already said . he always took time to respond to his fans often with a wicked sense of humour ! he will be sorely missed both my husband and i thoroughly enjoyed his books and send our deepest condolences . "	Author , archaeologist and former CNN journalist Paul Sussman has died suddenly Londoner Sussman had just completed the fourth in a series of novels His books had been translated into 33 languages and sold two million copies Alongside his journalism , Sussman also worked extensively as field archaeologist
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Two hundred years after his birth in a log cabin in Kentucky , Abraham Lincoln continues to fascinate . Abraham Lincoln is invoked by politicians of both parties , observes historian Ronald C. White Jr. . His moral clarity , his extraordinary gifts with language , his decisive role in preserving the Union and what some consider his ultimate martyrdom combine to make of Lincoln a mythic figure with a firm hold on our collective imagination . In conjunction with the bicentennial of his birth , a slew of new books on the 16th U.S. president have appeared . Among the best-reviewed is the biography "  A. Lincoln "  Random House  by historian Ronald C. White Jr. , who drew on new research for his portrait . CNN talked with White about Lincoln 's impact on the country , President Obama 's affinity for him and what lessons Lincoln has to offer Americans of today . The following is an edited version of White 's comments : CNN : Thousands of books have been published about Lincoln . Why did you decide to write a new biography ? Ronald C. White Jr. : Probably surprising to many is how many new discoveries have been made about Lincoln just in the last 15 to 20 years . For example , about 20 years ago , a professor in Illinois wondered if there were still Lincoln legal papers laying around in the almost 100 courthouses in Illinois . So he got together a group of students , and they began searching those courthouses , and they found -LSB- thousands -RSB- of Lincoln legal documents . ... I wanted to treat more of that part of Lincoln 's life -- he spent nearly 24 years as a lawyer . This is just an example of what we have discovered only in recent years . See iReporters don stovepipe hats like Lincoln CNN : More than 100 years after his death , why does Lincoln still fascinate us ? White : I think for many he embodies the best of America . The fact that a man of such humble origins , with less than one year of formal education , could , in his term , have the "  right to rise . " He felt that America was a land where we should not put any shackles or weights upon people . One reason he hated slavery so much was that it puts weights upon people . ... I 'm going to be speaking in Italy and Germany in April , and people there are fascinated with Lincoln for the same reason . Now , to be sure , Obama has shone a large spotlight on Abraham Lincoln . I think this is somewhat responsible for rediscovering this man at the beginning of the Lincoln bicentennial in the year 2009 . CNN : Why do you think Barack Obama has made such a point of aligning himself with Lincoln ? White : It 's become commonplace for politicians of both parties to invoke Lincoln -- literally wrap themselves in the mantle of Lincoln -- especially at political conventions . But when I read "  The Audacity of Hope " it came through to me that this is something quite genuine . As Obama is seeking to define his own vocation as a politician , he found in Lincoln -- Lincoln 's inclusive spirit , Lincoln 's humble demeanor , Lincoln 's great gift with words -- he found here some of the very values that he wished to inculcate into his own life . ... I think he picked up on the symbolism of Lincoln , using the very same ceremonial Bible -LSB- for his swearing-in -RSB- , picking as his theme a "  new birth of freedom , " re-enacting the final 137 miles of the train ride -LSB- Lincoln took to Washington for his first inaugural -RSB- . It 's fascinating that here this African-American politician is finding a model and a mentor , and I think it is the values that Lincoln represents that Obama is finding . CNN : Some people have noted temperamental similarities between Lincoln and Obama . Is there any justification for that comparison ? White : I think there is . Obama comes across as a person of kind of calm , reassuring demeanor . He is a person who likes to circle around questions and problems . He was as interested , as I 've come to understand , when he taught law in Chicago , in asking questions as in coming up with answers . This is exactly the way Lincoln approached reality . They both have a real sense for oratory , how less is more ; they have a compelling way of speaking . ... To be sure there are real differences . -LSB- Obama -RSB- had an education far beyond Lincoln 's . It 's yet to be determined how Obama will emulate Lincoln . I would argue that Lincoln had to teach himself to be president . He was very aware of his inadequacies , certainly in administration and military policy . And I think with all the fanfare for Obama I think he understands that he has to teach himself how to be president , too . iReport.com : Send your rendition of Lincoln 's second inaugural speech CNN : -LSB- Historian -RSB- Henry Louis Gates suggests Lincoln 's attitudes on race were not as enlightened as some would like to think . In your book , you say it 's important to consider the context in which Lincoln articulated his racial views . White : This is the difficulty ... with understanding the context . Lincoln 's racial attitudes ... were left of center and moving in that direction , toward the left . ... Lincoln said in one of his debates with Stephen Douglas , "  It 's not that I 'm about to marry a black woman , it 's not that I think blacks should serve on juries . " ... He then comes back and says , "  But this black woman , in terms of her right to eat the bread she earns from her own hands is every bit my equal and the equal of every person here because if you 're referring to the Declaration of Independence , all men are created equal . " Even the most radical abolitionist would probably not have granted social equality -LSB- between blacks and whites -RSB- . CNN : What did you discover about the evolution of Lincoln 's religious views ? White : His religious odyssey comes to more of a full scope during his presidency . ... We see him re-appropriating elements of the Christian faith -- not his parents ' tradition -- but a more rational , logical , thoughtful old-school Presbyterian tradition -LSB- after he became president -RSB- . This is a story that has not often been told , and I think it 's an important part of understanding the moral core of Abraham Lincoln . It was n't simply that he had an ethic , which he certainly did , but there was a theological kind of undergirding of that ethic that came to the forefront more in his years as president . CNN : Do you feel Lincoln is our greatest president ? White : Well , there are a lot of great presidents . ... Certainly the times make the man . Lincoln led us through the greatest crisis of our nation 's history -- an internal crisis -- even as Franklin Delano Roosevelt is one of our greatest presidents , who led us through two other great crises -- the Great Depression and World War II . It 's hard to compare people of different eras , but I think Lincoln sort of incarnates the best values of the American experience . CNN : What can we all learn from Lincoln ? White : If there is an ultimate value in doing a biography of Lincoln , it is that Lincoln offers some wisdom for today . We do n't have to be political leaders to catch the values -- his humility , the strength of his character and moral vision , the fact that words fiercely mattered to him and should matter to us . ... He said at the second inaugural , "  With malice toward none , with charity for all . " I was intrigued to find ... that people wore mourning badges right after his death that said , "  With malice toward none , with charity for all . " Lincoln did n't just speak these words , he had come to embody these words for the people who knew him and loved him . And so these values are not simply back there in the 19th century . They 're values that we can embody and work with in the 21st century .	Ronald C. White Jr. is author of new Lincoln biography , "  A. Lincoln " Lincoln "  embodies the best of America , " White says Historian sees some comparisons with President Obama : demeanor , writing ability Lincoln 's character , moral vision still pertinent , White says
Sen. Harry Reid , 75 , is recovering at home after he broke "  a number of ribs and bones in his face " when he was exercising , his office said Friday in a statement . The Nevada Democrat was using a piece of equipment to exercise on Thursday when it broke , causing him to fall . His doctors expect a full recovery , and he 's set to return to Washington over the weekend before the Senate reconvenes next week . According to the statement , the Senate Democratic Leader was treated and admitted overnight as a precaution at University Medical Center in Las Vegas after first being transported to St. Rose Dominican Hospital in Henderson by his security detail . President Barack Obama called Reid on Friday , White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters , "  to wish him a full and speedy recovery . " Reid 's office later announced Friday that Reid had been discharged from the hospital . "  He spent the day with his wife , Landra , talking to fellow senators , friends and staff and preparing for the Senate 's return , " Reid 's Deputy Communications Director said in an emailed statement Friday . "  He sends his thanks to all those who sent warm wishes and is ready to get back to work . " RELATED : Harry Reid Fast Facts Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , was quick to make a joke and wish his colleague well . It 's not the first time Reid has hurt his ribs in recent years . In October 2012 , his motorcade was involved in a multi-car accident in Nevada that left him with rib and hip contusions . He went to the hospital but was released shortly afterward . In 2011 , Reid also suffered minor injuries after slipping and falling in the rain while running outside in Washington , resulting in a dislocated shoulder and a bruise around his left eye . Reid will become the Senate Minority Leader when Congress reconvenes .	President Barack Obama called the injured incoming Senate minority leader Sen. Harry Reid broke facial bones and ribs in an exercising accident Thursday He 's expected back in Washington this weekend is expected to fully recover
CNN  -- World soccer 's governing body FIFA has nominated the International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , to be its lead anti-corruption investigator , FIFA said Tuesday . The Argentinian prosecutor is best known for pursuing war crimes charges against Libya 's late Moammar Gadhafi and the president of Sudan , Omar al-Bashir . Moreno-Ocampo 's term with the ICC ends in June . News of his nomination comes a day after police in Italy arrested at least 19 people , including Lazio team captain Stefano Mauri , in connection with a match-fixing investigation -- the latest scandal to plague international soccer . Allegations of corruption also rocked FIFA 's governing body last year . Asian football chief Mohamed bin Hammam was banned from the game for life after being found guilty of corruption for trying to buy votes in the FIFA presidential election with $ 40,000 in cash inducements to Caribbean football officials last year . Also , the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , respectively won by Russia and Qatar , came under scrutiny after allegations of improper conduct . In March , FIFA pledged to reform its governance structure to address concerns about corruption . The proposed changes included splitting the organization 's ethics committee into two entities , one to investigate allegations and another to rule on them .	FIFA nominates Luis Moreno-Ocampo to lead its anti-corruption unit He is best known for war crimes charges against Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi Allegations of corruption rocked FIFA 's governing body last year .
A final meeting with the president . A farewell address to the State Department staff . A terrorist attack at the U.S. Embassy in Turkey . Hillary Clinton 's last day as secretary of state on Friday seemed to be a microcosm of her four globe-trotting years as America 's top diplomat . The former first lady had a full schedule , as usual , meeting in private with President Barack Obama at the White House and then attending the send-off ceremony with clapping , cheering workers at the agency she led . Those events were clouded by a suicide bombing earlier in the day in Ankara that killed the attacker and a Turkish security guard at the embassy . No Americans were killed or injured . Clinton traveled nearly 1 million miles and visited 112 countries in her quest as secretary to promote better understanding of the United States and its role in the world . On the road with Hillary Clinton However , her tenure will also be remembered for last September 's attack on a diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Amid the good wishes and emotions of Clinton 's farewell , Friday 's bombing in Turkey was a grim reminder of the continuing threats and challenges to U.S. diplomatic efforts . "  Of course we live in very complex and dangerous times as we saw again just today at our embassy in Ankara , " Clinton told the State Department ceremony . "  I know the world we are trying to help bring into being in the 21st century will have many difficult days , " she added . "  But I am more optimistic today than I was when I stood here four years ago . " Standing in front of a sign that said "  Thank You , " Clinton told the staffers jamming the area that she would miss them and the important work they do around the world . "  I will probably be dialing ops just to talk , " she said to laughter . Clinton sent her resignation letter to Obama a few hours before her successor , John Kerry , was sworn in on Friday afternoon . Opinion : Clinton , secretary of empowerment "  It has been an honor to serve in your administration and to represent our country around the world , " the letter said . "  I am proud of what we have accomplished together on behalf of the American people and in pursuit of our interests and values . And I am more convinced than ever in the strength and staying power of America 's global leadership and our capacity to be a force for good around the world , " she said . In what was billed as Clinton 's farewell speech on Thursday at the Council on Foreign Relations , she said the United States needs to build "  smart power " in a world where the levers of influence are changing rapidly . American diplomats have to work with entrepreneurs and activists , use new technological tools such as social media and update the global and regional institutions that have dominated international affairs since World War II , Clinton said . "  We need a new architecture for a new world -- more Frank Gehry than formal Greek , " she said . "  Now some of his work at first might appear haphazard , but in fact , it 's highly intentional and sophisticated . Where once a few strong columns could hold up the weight of the world , today we need a dynamic mix of materials and structures . " Clinton defends her diplomatic legacy Clinton called the United States "  uniquely well-positioned " to help construct that metaphorical global edifice . "  Those things that make us who we are as a nation -- our openness and innovation , our diversity , our devotion to human rights and democracy -- are beautifully matched to the demands of this era and this interdependent world , " she said . Kerry , who served nearly 30 years in the Senate , stepped down Friday ahead of his swearing-in as the nation 's 68th secretary of state . He was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Democratic nominee for president in 2004 , when he lost to incumbent President George W. Bush . Kerry expects to take his first official overseas trip in coming weeks , according to a U.S. official who said stops would likely include Israel and Egypt . Exiting State , Clinton looks to writing , speaking Clinton , 65 , now faces persistent questions about whether she will mount a second White House run in 2016 to break perhaps the highest remaining glass ceiling . "  Well I 'm not thinking about anything like that right now . I 'm looking forward to finishing my tenure as secretary of state and catching up on 20 years of sleep deprivation , " Clinton said Tuesday at a global "  town hall " forum in Washington . Observers note her answer was a less emphatic denial than previous responses that seemed to rule out any possibility of reentering the political fray . According to a CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month , 85 % of Democrats and independents who lean toward the Democratic Party said they would be very or somewhat likely to support Clinton if she sought the Democratic nomination . Clinton was considered a favorite in 2008 , but Obama , who served with her in the Senate , got an early jump in the primaries . Clinton was unable to capture the momentum in a fierce political battle . Despite the rugged campaign , Obama chose Clinton for his Cabinet and she embraced the role . In a joint interview with CBS that aired on Sunday , Obama said that he believes Clinton 's legacy will rank among the best . "  It has been a great collaboration over the last four years , " Obama said . "  I 'm going to miss her . " Clinton touts ` smart power ' in farewell talk	Kerry sworn in , first trip likely to include stops in Egypt and Israel Clinton cites Turkey attack as example of challenges in the world Clinton visited 112 countries and flew almost 1 million miles in four years At 65 , Clinton faces questions about whether she 'll run for president in 2016
CNN  -- A gunman believed to be an Afghan soldier killed a British service member Monday , when he opened fire on ISAF and Afghan soldiers , according to the UK Ministry of Defence . The "  insider " attack occurred on a patrol base in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand province . The victim was part of an engineer 's regiment , MoD spokesman Tom Bennett said in a statement . Six other ISAF soldiers were wounded in the attack , another MoD spokesman said . The term "  insider " refers to strikes by Afghan National Army soldiers , police or by militants wearing their uniforms on members of NATO , with whom they are working together . Read more : Baby 's arrival surprises British base in Afghanistan "  Next of kin have been informed , " Bennett said . The soldier 's family has asked that no further details be released for 24 hours . More than 50 people were killed in Afghanistan in similar attacks last year . The Afghan government calls the killings acts of terrorism . Read more : NATO releases details of brazen raid on base in Afghanistan Such attacks have triggered concerns about the stability of Afghan security forces ahead of planned NATO withdrawals in 2014 . In early October , an attack by an Afghan solider in Wardak province turned into an exchange of fire between U.S. and Afghan troops . Read more : Britain 's Cameron pays surprise visit to troops in Afghanistan CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Six other ISAF soldiers are wounded , official says The attack occurred on a patrol base in Helmand The deceased soldier 's family has been informed More than 50 died last year in similar attacks
CNN  -- Joseph Maraachli , the infant who became the center of an international end-of-life debate , died peacefully in his sleep at his Windsor , Ontario , home , a spokesperson for the family said Wednesday . Widely known in the media as "  Baby Joseph , " the 20-month-old boy spent the last several months with his family and died Tuesday afternoon . "  Obviously , it 's been a very difficult day for the family today , " said spokeswoman Emma Fedor . "  In some ways , it was a bit of a relief for the family . " Joseph 's family had refused to accept a recommendation by a Canadian hospital to remove the boy 's breathing tube and allow him to die . In March , the infant received a tracheotomy at a children 's hospital in St. Louis , Missouri . He was able to go home April 21 . "  By providing him with this common palliative procedure , we 've given Joseph the chance to go home and be with his family after spending so much of his young life in the hospital , " said Dr. Robert Wilmott , chief of pediatrics for SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center in St. Louis . A London , Ontario , hospital where Joseph was receiving care for a progressive neurological disease refused to perform a tracheotomy , a surgical procedure in which an opening is made into the airway through an incision in the neck to allow for suction of fluid out of the lungs . In court papers , doctors in Canada said there was no hope for recovery . They would not perform a tracheotomy because they considered it to be invasive and not recommended for patients who require a long-term breathing machine . Parents Moe and Sana Maraachli refused to accept the recommendation . The Maraachlis ' daughter , Zeina , had died at home in 2002 after a tracheotomy after suffering similar complications , and the family wanted to offer the same care to their son . "  To go through it once is enough for a lifetime , to go through it twice , it 's just ... unbelievable , " Fedor said . Joseph was "  very peaceful , in no pain whatsoever , no distress , " when he died , Fedor said . He was buried Wednesday next to his sister . The family was thankful for those who helped and prayed for Joseph , she added . "  The heart of the issue would come down to the mix between respecting the parents ' rights ... to be in comfort of  their  own home , to die on God 's time , " said Fedor . The family countered assertions that Joseph was nonresponsive , blind and deaf , she said . Instead , the boy could hear the parents ' voices and look for them , Fedor told CNN . The family believed that , after a tracheotomy , Joseph could be freed from machinery . The parents said that they , rather than physicians , should make a judgment on quality of life , Fedor said . The Maraachli case caught the attention of the group Priests for Life , which funded Joseph 's transfer and treatment at the SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center . That hospital deemed the procedure medically appropriate and Baby Joseph underwent a tracheotomy there on March 21 . In April , Frank Pavone , national director of Priests for Life , said he considered this a "  victory over the culture of death . " He says "  Joseph  has gained benefit from his tracheotomy , is breathing on his own , and is going home to live with his parents . " Priests for Life is a Catholic pro-life organization that functions as a network to prevent abortion and euthanasia . The group often is noted for the graphic images depicting abortion its members and supporters use to make their case . The London Health Sciences Centre -- the hospital where Joseph was initially treated -- in March said that "  there are clearly differences in the approach of these centres to the management of end-of-life care in this tragic situation " and that "  the medical judgments made by LHSC physicians remain unchallenged by any credible medical source . " Nurses helped the family provide 24-hour care for Joseph in his final months . "  There was always somebody by his side , " Fedor said . The child was on almost no medication and apparently was in no pain , Fedor said . "  When he was in the arms of his parents , you could tell , " she said . "  He was settled when he was in their arms . "	Joseph Maraachli suffered from a progressive neurological disease A hospital in London , Ontario , refused to insert a tracheotomy tube The infant received a tracheotomy at a hospital in St. Louis "  Baby Joseph " died Tuesday in his sleep
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Only last week Kenya police sources say officers investigating the Westgate mall massacre were called to a meeting to explain why Samantha Lewthwaite , the so-called "  White Widow , " continues to elude them . The pressure is on , and they almost caught her two years ago in a series of raids in the coastal city of Mombasa . She slipped through their fingers but left tantalizing clues to her life on the run on her lap top . It 's been cat and mouse since . Lewthwaite first hit notoriety in the UK eight years ago when her husband and the father of two of her children blew himself up on a crowded London commuter Tube train , killing 26 people early on July 7 , 2005 . She claimed to be appalled by his suicide bombing but has since disappeared , her name resurfacing connected to the Somali al Qaeda-allied terror group Al-Shabaab . In June this year a Kenyan Cabinet briefing paper delivered to officials named Lewthwaite as a suspect in a 2011 Kenyan terror plot sanctioned by al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan targeting government buildings , U.N. offices and top politicians . But she seems to keep one step ahead of the law . When security services arrived at the upmarket Oakpark apartments in the capital Nairobi two years ago she was gone . She had fled the $ 1,000-a-month property in tears just a week earlier according to the building manager , who does not want to be identified by name . He remembers Lewthwaite well . She was fleeing , no notice given , breaking the terms of her tenancy . As he was squaring it with the landlord as she was trying to drive away , she let rip at him , he says . "  She opened the window and she says , ` This man I can kill you and people will forget you from today . ' " When I asked David Kimaiyo , Kenya 's Inspector General of Police , about Lewthwaite 's seven-month stay in the affluent middle class neighborhood , he told me : "  He was not aware " she had been there , adding "  it 's all rumors . " Oakpark 's manager would disagree . Lewthwaite and the man he believed to be her husband had him doing all sorts of odd jobs , from fixing water pipes to fetching groceries , he says . They were the sorts of odd jobs he used to do for all his tenants , but the woman he now knows as the "  White Widow " was anything but ordinary . The building manager told me she would change her phone number several times a day . "  She can give me a number in the morning at 8 . At 9 if I call her she has changed to another line ... at 10 or 11 another line , at 4 -LSB- p.m. -RSB- another line . " She did other things that were odd too . Her apartment overlooked Junction mall , one of the city 's more upmarket destinations for shopping . Nakumatt department store there sells everything from freezers to frozen peas , and is popular with expats and rich Kenyans . He says she would spend a lot of time there just watching people . But it 's what her "  husband , " whom he knew as Mick , did that now he says he finds chilling . He asked him to watch the mall and figure out if many Muslims used it . "  He is asking me : Can you monitor the people who are coming in this Nakumatt ? Are they Muslims ? Can you tell me which people are coming there in number ? " Junction mall is much like the Westgate mall that was attacked by terrorist gunmen last month , leaving 67 people dead . The gunmen spared those who could show they were Muslim . And these days no corner of Kenya is spared the speculation that Lewthwaite may have played a role in that attack . It never occurred to the building manager that Lewthwaite might be anything other than the employee of a French "  intercom " company that she claimed to be . She had explained to the building manager that even though she was a Muslim , her mother was Christian and that 's why she had given Christian names to her children . Of course now he knows it 's all lies , her eldest son whom he knew as Adam was tough , he says , and ready to protect his mother . "  This boy is bad . ' I will kill you , ' he said . ' I will kill you , ' He was tough-talking , like a big person " . What names Lewthwaite and her family go by today is anyone 's guess . At Oakpark she had signed the tenancy agreement using a fake South African passport in the name of Natalie Faye Webb , a British nurse from Essex . Police seized that passport in the raid in Mombasa that netted her computer a few months later . On the heels of the Westgate mall attack Kenyan authorities asked Interpol to help track her down , and they promptly issued a red notice demanding she be detained at any border she tries to cross . If she is still in Kenya , and that certainly seems to be the working assumption of the police here , finding a place she can hide now will not be easy . A white woman with four children in tow , whose ages are all well documented , would seem easy to spot . But when I asked the harassed-sounding police inspector-general how the search for Lewthwaite was going , he hung the phone up on me . The answer , I inferred , is not well .	British-born terror suspect Samantha Lewthwaite , or "  White Widow , " has eluded Kenyan police Landlord of "  White Widow " says Lewthwaite "  changed her phone number " several times a day Lewthwaite was married to one of the bombers who attacked London in 2005 Authorities say Lewthwaite became part of a terror cell linked to the Somali group Al-Shabaab
CNN  -- A 20-year-old man waiting in line for a ride at Disney 's California Adventure Park fell 25 to 30 feet Wednesday night , Anaheim police spokesman Sgt. Rick Martinez said Thursday . The man was in the building housing the queue for the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror , when he put his leg over the railing and fell , Martinez said . "  The guest was standing in line with friends on a second-floor platform when he climbed over a barrier to the area below and lost his balance and fell approximately 25 feet , " Disneyland spokeswoman Suzi Brown said in a statement . Paramedics on site treated the man , Martinez said . A dispatcher for Metro Cities Fire Authority , which serves seven Orange County cities , said the man was brought to University of California Irvine Medical Center . "  The guest was transported by ambulance to the hospital . We understand his injuries were minor and he has been treated and released , " Brown said . The incident happened around 10:30 p.m. , the Metro Cities dispatcher said . It caused Disney to shut down the ride briefly while paramedics attended to the fallen park-goer , Martinez said , adding that the ride reopened soon thereafter . The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror is a ride that brings visitors to the top of an elevator shaft , then drops them . The Disneyland website says , "  Join thrill-seekers at the mysterious Hollywood Tower Hotel for the ultimate adrenaline rush . For the longest 2 minutes of your life , rise and fall at terrifying speeds in the hotel 's haunted elevator . " The California Adventure Park is adjacent to Disneyland in Anaheim . CNN 's Samuel Gardner and Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report	The 20-year-old man was in line for the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror He was not badly injured and was treated and released from a hospital The incident temporarily shut down the ride
CNN  -- Myanmar 's Supreme Court rejected Friday an appeal by pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi to overturn her house arrest . A diplomat who attended the hearing and spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that the appeal was unsuccessful . Suu Kyi , 64 , has one final avenue for appeal to a special court in Myanmar 's new capital , Naypidaw . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate 's house arrest was extended by 18 months last August after an incident in which uninvited American John Yettaw stayed at her lakeside home . Myanmar 's ruling military junta accused Suu Kyi of breaching the terms of her house arrest . She has been imprisoned or under house arrest for much of the past two decades , since her party the National League for Democracy won a landslide election victory in 1990 . The junta has never recognized the results , but has promised to hold fresh elections this year , although no date has yet been set . Suu Kyi is disqualified from standing because she was married to a foreigner . The NLD has still to clarify whether it will participate in the vote . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Myanmar 's Supreme Court rejects appeal by democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi Suu Kyi had sought to overturn her house arrest Suu Kyi has one final avenue for appeal to a special court Her house arrest was extended in August after an uninvited American stayed at her home
CNN  One person was killed Wednesday night when a small plane crashed into a television station 's transmitter tower in Lubbock , Texas . The plane , a single-engine Piper PA-46 , crashed about 7:30 p.m. as it approached Preston Smith International Airport , according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration . The plane hit the transmitter tower of KCBD , knocking both the station off the air and power out in the surrounding neighborhood , before crashing into a field . Lubbock fire officials feared the tower , located just north of the station 's studio , was unstable and had the studio evacuated , CNN affiliate KCBD said . "  It is unsafe to stay in the building , " said Steve Holland , a spokesman for the Lubbock Fire and Rescue Department . No one at the station was injured and KCBD aired its 10 p.m. Wednesday newscast from an alternate location . The name of the victim was not released by authorities . The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating . CNN 's Sam Stringer and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The plane crashed as it approached an airport KCBD aired its newscast from an alternate location
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown announced Tuesday almost $ 1 billion in midyear budget cuts as a result of insufficient state growth . The so-called "  trigger cuts " will result in reduced spending for universities , schools , prosecutions , and in-home care for the elderly and disabled , Brown said . "  They 're not good , " Brown said of the cuts . "  This is not the way we like to run California , but we have to live within our means . " The latest round of cuts is on top of $ 16 billion in reduced spending that the state enacted earlier this year , Brown said . The $ 1 billion figure is better than an earlier estimate that as much as $ 2.4 billion in trigger cuts would be needed by the end of this year , Brown said . California 's economy -- the eighth largest in the world -- grew by about $ 100 billion this year , allowing the state 's cuts to be less than the $ 2.4 billion figure , Brown said . "  The good new is the economy of California is recovering , " the governor told reporters in Sacramento . "  But it 's not enough to close the California deficit that has been built up for years . " In June , California lawmakers passed a budget bill that reduced the state 's deficit from $ 26 billion to $ 5 billion , officials said . California 's general fund spending this year amounts to $ 85.9 billion , down 6.1 % from the prior year . "  General fund spending as a share of the economy is now at its lowest level since 1972-73 , " a summary to the California budget says . Next November , California voters will go to the polls to consider taxes that would provide $ 7 billion in additional revenue , Brown said . "  We need a real serious public discussion between now and November on whether or not people want to spend more , " he said . "  All I can say is you ca n't provide money that you do n't have . That 's the point here : You either cut or you tax , " Brown said . "  As the governor of California , I 'm sensitive to what these cutbacks do to real people . "	NEW : Next November , California voters will consider taxes raising $ 7 billion in revenue The almost $ 1 billion in cuts will hurt universities , schools , the elderly and the disabled The cuts are less than an earlier estimate of up to $ 2.4 billion , the governor says California earlier this year slashed spending by $ 16 billion to deal with deficit
CNN  -- Philippines authorities Tuesday started evacuating about 50,000 people living around the island nation 's most active volcano after it oozed fiery lava and belched clouds of ash . A large-scale eruption was forecast as imminent . The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology raised the alert level up a notch on Monday night to level 3 . Scientist Alex Baloloy told the Philippine News Agency  PNA  that under level 3 , "  a full-blown eruption is expected to take place within weeks to days . " He said seismic instruments detected 83 volcanic quakes , a majority of which were tremors associated with rockfalls . People in Albay province , about 466 kilometers  290 miles  south of the capital , Manila , flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon . The volcanic mountain soars 2,464 meters  8,077 feet  into the sky and has erupted 49 times since the first documented eruption in 1616 . Ash fell on the town of Guinabatan , prompting its mayor to predict an unwanted sort of white Christmas , PNA said . Provincial Gov. Joey Salceda ordered mandatory evacuation for residents of 45 towns and cities within a radius of 6 kilometers  3.7 miles  around Mayon , including Legazpi , Ligao , Tabaco , Daraga , Camalig , Guinobatan , Malilipot and Santo Domingo . The Albay Public Safety Emergency and Management Office said 9,946 families or 47,285 people were expected to be moved to safer ground within 72 hours , PNA reported . Salceda , who canceled a planned trip to Denmark for the global climate conference in Copenhagen , said he will meet with the provincial disaster coordinating council Tuesday to discuss emergency measures in case of an eruption , according to PNA . The Philippines is situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns . Its last major eruption was in 1993 . Since then , it has emitted ash and spewed lava but remained restless .	Scientists : Full-blown eruption is expected to take place within weeks to days Authorities order mandatory evacuation for residents within a radius of 6 km Mayon 's most violent eruption in 1814 killed more than 1,200 people Last major eruption was in 1993 , since when it has emitted ash , spewed lava
CNN  -- Most success-hungry entrepreneurs would tell you there 's not enough hours in the day -- try saying that to Buken Makokha . Hailing from the impoverished slum of Gatina on the western outskirts of Nairobi , the 23-year-old 's daily tasks include running a delivery service company , owning a barbershop and selling energy efficient stoves -- all the while putting himself through university . Makokha 's typical day starts when everyone else is still deep in their sleep . By 3am , he 's already up , studying and preparing his school assignments for later in the evening ; by 7am , he enters the green doors of "  Clean Touch , " the barbershop he set up three years ago at the heart of his local community . By 8am , he leaves the shop to an employee to start running his SkyHighSwiss courier service -- jumping on his motorbike , Makokha spends most of his day making personal deliveries all across the bustling Kenyan capital , whilst checking every now and then his Facebook page for any orders for his latest business venture : selling EcoZoom clean burning cook stoves . By 4.30 pm , Makokha parks his motorbike , only to head to the Maasai Mara University where he is a first-year student of community development . Lectures last from 5.30 pm to 8.30 pm and by 10pm he 's usually at bed -- only to wake up at 3am again the next day to do it all over again . Exhausting , no ? "  It 's a matter of determination and being focused , " explains the enterprising businessman . "  It 's only the passion that I have to work in the community , " he adds , when asked how he juggles time to manage it all . Risk-taker Growing up in Gatina , Makokha became a multitasking entrepreneur out of necessity to pull himself out of poverty . One of the biggest challenges , he says , was feeling alone . "  We youth in the slums are not supported , " says Makokha . "  So you have to struggle with everything , " he continues . "  You do n't have a mentor , you have no place to run for help -- that is what is making me work every day very hard . " Read more from inspiring African entrepreneurs Makokha says he always wanted "  to become an entrepreneur and a risk-taker . " Determined to make it , he started "  Clean Touch " to earn money by shaving his clients and allowing them to charge their phones . Then , about a year ago he got a driver 's license and launched SkyHighSwiss . "  The courier is different than the barbershop , " says Makokha , who employs one staff member for each business . "  Because the barber I target the people I live around with and the courier I target people outside because they are busy , " he adds . "  It 's people from the whole town , people who are much more richer , they do n't have time to do shopping or run for errands -- I took advantage of their busyness to make my business , so I deliver parcels , I deliver food , I deliver drinks . " ' I want to inspire ' Thanks to his hard work and determination , Makokha can now afford to pay for his own living space and also attend university . But the self-made entrepreneur wants to better the lives of people in his community too . On weekends , he spends most of his time with children in Gatina , putting his community development skills into practice by mentoring young people and helping them put on theater performances . "  After my studies I want to start a project to help people where I am living , " says the spirited entrepreneur . "  To identify their needs , to realize their potential and help them achieve their goals , " he continues "  My biggest dream in this world is to have a social business enterprise to help fight the poverty level -- I want to inspire young people like me . " READ THIS : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step READ THIS : Tips to make you rich	Buken Makokha became an entrepreneur out of necessity to pull himself out of poverty He runs a delivery service , owns a barbershop and sells stoves in Nairobi Hailing from Gatina slum , he wants to better the lives of people in his community
CNN  -- Two European football heavyweights will collide in the UEFA Champions League semifinals after Bayern Munich and Real Madrid were drawn together in Switzerland on Friday . Bayern , winners of the competition last season , and nine-time champions Real will both be looking to book a place in the final , which will take place in Lisbon on May 24 . The other semifinal paired Real 's city rivals Atletico Madrid with Chelsea , who lifted the trophy for the first time in their history in 2012 . The semifinal first leg matches will take place on April 22-23 , with the ties concluding with the second legs on April 28-29 . German champions Bayern are looking to become the first team to defend the European Cup in the post-1992 Champions League era . Led by former Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola , Bayern fought from behind to defeat Manchester United on Tuesday . Real will appear in the semifinals of Europe 's premier club competition for the 25th time in their illustrious history , with Cristiano Ronaldo and co. out to secure Los Blancos a record 10th triumph . Carlo Ancelotti 's team survived a spirited comeback from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday to reach the last four with a 3-2 aggregate win . The two teams met at the same stage of the competition in 2012 , with Bayern prevailing after a nerve-shredding penalty shootout . Bayern went on to lose to Chelsea in the final two years ago . The London club 's manager Jose Mourinho is bidding to win the tournament with a third different club after previous successes with Porto in 2004 and Inter Milan in 2010 . Chelsea needed a late goal from striker Demba Ba to register an away-goals win over Paris Saint-Germain in the last eight . Atletico Madrid could be without the services of goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , who is on-loan at the Vicente Calderon stadium from Chelsea . Rumors surfaced on Thursday that an agreement between the two teams meant Courtois would only be able to play in both matches against his parent club if Atletico pay Chelsea    6 million  $ 8.3 million . European football 's governing body UEFA announced Friday that any such agreement would be "  null , void and unenforceable . " "  Furthermore , any attempt to enforce such a provision would be a clear violation of both the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Disciplinary Regulations and would therefore be sanctioned accordingly , " read a statement from the organization . While Chelsea are appearing in the semifinals for the seventh time in the last 11 seasons , Atletico have n't reached this stage since 1974 . Atletico 's coach Diego Simeone has led something of a renaissance at the club , leading them to the top of the Spanish league table with just six games left of the campaign . A goal from talented playmaker Koke was enough to see off four-time European champions Barcelona in Tuesday 's quarterfinal second leg .	Real Madrid and Bayern Munich paired together in the European Champions League semifinals Atletico Madrid and Chelsea to meet in the other last four tie Bayern looking to become the first team to defend the Champions League title The final will take place in the Portuguese capital of Lisbon on May 24
CNN  -- Russia provided both women 's singles finalists at the 2008 Olympic tennis competition , but only one will make it through to the title match at London 2012 . Maria Sharapova set up a semifinal showdown with compatriot Maria Kirilenko after overcoming fellow former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters on Thursday . The French Open champion triumphed 6-2 7-5 to end the Belgian 's hopes of a first major championship on the hallowed grass of Wimbledon before she retires for a second time at the end of this year . "  It 's a nice experience every time you go out on Centre Court so I 'm happy to say that my last match at Wimbledon was on Centre Court , " the 29-year-old Clijsters said . Sharapova completed her collection of grand slam titles by winning the French Open in June , and Russia 's first female flag bearer now has the chance to secure a "  Golden Slam . " "  I was just really happy that I was able to step up in terms of the way that I played compared to previous matches , " she said . Men 's big three set for Olympic showdown Kirilenko , seeded 14th , upset last year 's Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 7-6  7-3  6-3 to reach the last four of a top event for the first time in her career . The 25-year-old -- a Wimbledon quarterfinalist last month -- also has a chance to earn a podium place in the women 's doubles , reaching the semifinals with Nadia Petrova . The Russians beat China 's Peng Shuai and Zheng Jie  7-5 6-7  7-9  6-4 . Serena Williams can also win double gold , which her older sister Venus achieved at Sydney 2000 , as she seeks the only major title to elude her so far . The American faces a rematch of her Wimbledon semifinal against world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka after overpowering eighth seed Caroline Wozniacki 6-0 6-3 . "  I love playing Victoria , " said the 14-time grand slam singles winner , who holds an 8-1 career advantage over the Belorussian . "  I have nothing to lose . She is world No. 1 . That 's what I love , playing when there 's no pressure . It will be fun . " Venus Williams exits Olympic singles tournament Azarenka beat Venus ' conqueror Angelique Kerber , battling to a 6-4 7-5 win over the German seventh seed -- whose 48 match wins this year is the most on the WTA Tour . "  We had the longest rallies . At one point I just could n't believe when it was going to be over during the point , " Azarenka said . Defending champions Serena and Venus are also through to the women 's doubles semifinals , where they will face Kirilenko and Petrova following Thursday 's 6-1 6-1 romp against Italian second seeds Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci . The Americans beat the Russians on the way to winning the Wimbledon title for the fifth time . The other semifinal will be between top-ranked Americans Liezl Huber and Lisa Raymond and Czech fourth seeds Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka , the runners-up at Wimbledon .	Maria Sharapova to play fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko in semifinals at Olympics Sharapova beats Kim Clijsters while her compatriot upsets sixth seed Petra Kvitova The other semifinal will be between world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka and Serena Williams Williams and Kirilenko both also made it through to the women 's doubles semifinals
Departures.com  -- St. Andrews and the surrounding Kingdom of Fife , on Scotland 's east coast , present golfing visitors with such a bountiful harvest of links that there 's no single "  correct " itinerary that best covers the region . Many first-timers head straight for the slate of courses played in the European Tour 's Alfred Dunhill Links Championship -- the Old Course , modern classic Kingsbarns  greens fee , $ 295  and , crossing the nearby Tay Bridge into Angus , Carnoustie Golf Links  greens fee , $ 215  . Perhaps the St. Andrews New Course  greens fee , $ 110  , a tough-as-nails layout with the fastest greens in town , might be thrown in for good measure . These are all top choices , and of course the Old , with its supremely intricate design providing a different playing experience every time out , is an essential . But to make the most of one 's time in St. Andrews , one should never simply be a big game hunter . Mixing in some of Fife 's less-heralded courses adds quirk , variety , fun -- and likely a few more birdies . IN ST. ANDREWS It 's often overlooked that the St. Andrews Links Trust manages seven courses in and around the town , including the Balgove  greens fee , $ 20  and Strathtyrum  greens fee , $ 40  courses , both of which are beginner-friendly , with fewer hazards but the same wonderfully crisp links turf as their big brothers . Those looking for a stronger challenge on a full-sized course in town might try their hand at The Duke 's  greens fee , $ 185  , part of plumbing tycoon Herb Kohler 's St. Andrews mini-empire . Renovated in 2006 by golf architect Tim Liddy , who also added five new holes , The Duke 's is a stylish heathland design that would likely garner more attention were it situated in any other neighborhood . Holes like the seventh , a long dogleg right that begins with a dramatic drive from a hillside tee , and the 13th , a tricky par four with disarming views of St. Andrews , are well worth seeing . But make no mistake , this is not a links . While the turf is reasonably firm , The Duke 's ca n't help but play more like an American course . For that reason , it 's probably better to schedule a visit early in the itinerary , before all those little swing adjustments it takes to play links golf set in . Departures.com : Top hotel penthouses OLD HICKORY Fife 's two newest courses opened the same week in the summer of 2008 , and they could n't be more different . One of them , the Links Trust 's Castle Course  greens fee , $ 190  , debuted with the hype of a Jerry Bruckheimer blockbuster -- and similarly mixed reviews . The other , which would not look at all out of place in an episode of Downton Abbey , opened  or , more accurately , reopened  quietly after a 69-year fallow period to become one of the most delightful golf experiences in Scotland . Tucked away in the verdant hills west of St. Andrews , Kingarrock Hickory Golf Course  greens fee , $ 40 for nine holes and $ 55 for 18  is a nine-hole , 2,022-yard country estate course that is played exclusively with antiquated equipment . Proprietor David Anderson , always nattily attired in tweeds and plus fours , provides visitors with hickory-shaft clubs and replica golf balls from either 1898 or 1924 . These clubs -- for example , a mashie with a perfectly smooth face , a niblick resembling a designer spatula or a driver bearing the signature of a 19th-century Open champion -- are eccentric , to put it mildly , in both looks and performance . Hickory shafts bend far more readily than steel , and once out on the course , golfers quickly find that in order to make clean contact , their swing must take on a languid , half-speed rhythm . This adjustment builds an element of comedy into the proceedings -- even the most skilled players are bound to hit a few laughable shots -- but the beauty of it is that it 's impossible to take this version of the game too seriously . It 's still Real Golf , just on a smaller scale . After all , a par four of a mere 200 yards becomes plenty challenging when a good drive flies only about 150 . The click of the soft ball against the persimmon clubhead reverberates through the player 's hands and arms , a reminder of what modern technology , in its eternal quest for greater distance , has taken away from the game . Afterward , Anderson often joins visitors in the pro-shop cottage , where the yarns of the day are spun over ginger beer and homemade shortbread cookies . Kingarrock , in essence , is the kind of place that can change the way one thinks about golf . Departures.com : Perfect vacation villas to rent THE CLIFF-HANGER Catapulting back to the 21st century , a modern layout that 's worth seeing is the Kittocks Course at the Fairmont St. Andrews  greens fee , $ 75 - $ 140  . The Fairmont property has always operated at a bit of a disadvantage because it 's two miles outside of town  the resort runs shuttles back and forth  , but it has a legitimate place on the scene . Many golfers gravitate toward the resort 's Torrance Course , as it is considered the "  championship " track  this August it hosted the Scottish Senior Open  , but the Kittocks , designed by Bruce Devlin with an assist from a legendary Masters champion , the late Gene Sarazen , is almost as challenging and plays over a more appealing piece of land . Many holes either swoop down toward or run right along the North Sea -- the drivable par-four tenth by the cliff 's edge is particularly exciting . Golfers frequently catch stirring glimpses of the St. Andrews skyline and the Grampian Mountains . Although the Kittocks Course is eminently walkable , golf carts are also permitted -- a point worth mentioning in a country where the motorized "  buggy " is usually taboo . Given that visitors to St. Andrews frequently walk 36 holes or more a day for several days at a stretch , the chance to get off one 's feet and still play a quality course should not be underestimated . Departures.com : Luxury safari camps REAL CHARACTER Time now for a classic . On the southern coast of Fife , about 20 minutes from St. Andrews , lies the former Royal Burgh of Elie and its eponymous links . The game has been played here in some form since 1548 , and since 1875 the links have been overseen by The Golf House Club  greens fee , from $ 120  . For pure charm , Elie has few peers -- this , along with its prime location between Edinburgh and St. Andrews , makes it a popular "  holiday club " for members of both the Royal & Ancient Golf Club and the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers  Muirfield  . Elie 's quirky character is evident from the very first hole , where tee shots are fired blindly over a hill . To ensure that the group ahead is safely out of range of the one that follows , a club member came up with a novel solution : The starter 's hut is rigged with the periscope from a scrapped submarine , the HMS Excalibur . "  It 's a sophisticated piece of equipment , " says the starter , Ken Murray . "  The farther the distance -LSB- of the target -RSB- , the better the resolution . On a clear day , I can swing it round and see them putting at Muirfield " -- on the far side of the Firth of Forth , some eight miles away . Elie is a short course -- only 6,273 yards from the back tees -- but it 's full of surprises . With its ball-eating rough , well-positioned bunkers and ingeniously contoured greens , it does n't respect brute force without an equal degree of accuracy . It 's a throwback to an age when golf courses were laid out in accordance with the natural terrain rather than forced into a standardized mold . Elie reaches its par of 70 through the unorthodox combination of 16 par-four holes and two par threes . The absence of par fives may come as a disappointment to flat-bellied bombers accustomed to chewing up such long holes , but they should still find an eagle chance or two : for example , the wonderful 288-yard tenth , a blind hole where a well-placed drive crests the rugged ridge and catches the downslope , then scrambles up to the green . But beware : With a helping wind , the long hitter runs the risk of driving the ball over the green and into perdition on the rocky beach . PUTTING AROUND One of the best local diversions is the Himalayas Putting Course  fee , $ 3 ; The Links , St. Andrews  , which probably delivers as much enjoyment per dollar as any course in Scotland . This tiny patch of land right next to the Old Course is one of the few bits of turf not controlled by the Links Trust -- it 's owned by the St. Andrews Ladies Putting Club , which has operated the course since 1867 . As the name might suggest , this continuous swath of green features some of the wildest , wooziest contouring anywhere , with humps , bumps and hollows galore to vex and delight golfers of all ages . The Himalayas has the same kind of lighthearted spirit as an inspired miniature golf course , but it 's played on real links turf , so even the most serious players should find reason to smile . It 's the perfect way to end a day at the Home of Golf . Departures.com : A global guide to yachting Classic Golf Clubs Should the temptation to return home with a set of hickories prove strong , consider paying a visit to Hamish Steedman and Ewan Glen at the St. Andrews Golf Company , a 130-year-old concern that 's one of the world 's last remaining manufacturers of playable hickory clubs . Sets start at $ 1,300 ; 20 St. Andrews Rd. , Largoward , St. Andrews . Booking St. Andrews Old Course For decades now , tee times at St. Andrews Old Course have been allotted through a byzantine ballot system . The drawing is conducted a day in advance , so visiting players -- unless they 've made arrangements through a premium tour operator like Perry Golf or The Old Course Experience -- have to throw their names into the hat and cross their fingers . If it does n't work out , they end up scrambling to find somewhere else to play on short notice . Fortunately , this policy is about to change . Starting in 2012 , the ballot will be extended to two-day advance booking , which should make a world of difference . Greens fee starts at $ 225 ; reservations@standrews.org.uk .  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	St. Andrews Links Trust manages seven courses in and around the town The Balgove and Strathtyrum courses are both beginner-friendly Kingarrock Hickory is a nine-hole course played exclusively with antiquated equipment
CNN  -- When Facebook 's 27-year-old CEO , Mark Zuckerberg , wore a hoodie at a presentation to investors during the lead-up to Facebook 's initial public offering , a financial analyst publicly accused Zuckerberg of immaturity . By dressing casually at such an important event , he alleged , Zuckerberg was telling potential shareholders they did n't matter . The blogosphere 's response was swift : Business and tech commentators across the nation rushed to the billionaire 's defense , explaining that the hooded sweatshirt was a symbol of his independent-mindedness , his youth , his authenticity , his loyalty to the culture of Silicon Valley . They argued his business acumen is reflected in Facebook 's numbers , not in his fashion choices . Now that the firestorm has cooled , it 's worth taking a moment to consider the complex significance of the hoodie for someone like Zuckerberg . Life on Planet Facebook In one respect , both the anti-hoodie and pro-hoodie factions are correct . When Zuckerberg wears a hoodie at a high-profile meeting , he 's saying : I am an artist , not a salesman . Salesmen wear suits because their job is to persuade , seduce , cajole ; appearance is all-important . And the salesman 's first priority is profit , which , if you 're a Facebook shareholder , is the ethos you might wish to see in the CEO of the company you 're investing in . But Zuckerberg has said explicitly he is devoted above all to his beautiful creation : Facebook . This , presumably , is why he turned down Yahoo 's offer of $ 1 billion for the company back in its early years and chose to keep running the company himself . He 's first and foremost an inventor , a tinkerer in a workshop , a monk in hooded robes . Sales , the bottom line , these are not the things that define me , the hoodie says . To a tech geek , indifference to dress is a badge of pride because any creative endeavor , whether it 's coding software or writing novels , goes better if you can forget about yourself entirely , forget about how you look , what you 're wearing , how people perceive you . Your must immerse yourself in your art . It must become the only thing on your mind . Timeline : Mark Zuckerberg 's rise from child prodigy to Facebook billionaire The nerd 's spastic movements , childlike laugh , checked-out eyes as she codes or writes or thinks are the symptoms of a person obsessed with work , a person unconscious of herself and the impression she 's making . That 's why Bill Gates used to dress like a homeless guy , and Steve Jobs wore a black turtleneck , why Zuckerberg wears the hoodie . It 's about taking pride in being an artist . Hoodie 's evolution from fashion mainstay to symbol of injustice So the analyst who said the hoodie shows I-don ` t-give-a-damn attitude was right in one sense , but he was wrong to suggest Zuckerberg 's hoodie was bad news for Facebook investors . Because showing the world that you 're an artist instead of a salesman can be a great sales tactic . As a cub reporter , I had the privilege of watching Steve Jobs pitch the Pixar movie "  Monsters , Inc. " to a handful of journalists in a small room . It was the best sales presentation I 've ever seen . While it was happening , I wanted to do anything Jobs asked , because he was able to seem like he did n't care what we thought of him . He was unshaven , wearing his cat-burglar ensemble . He never tried to kiss up to any of us , like movie people often did . There were no visual aids , no refreshments . He just fulminated about what a good movie it was , how major its advances in animation technology , almost as if we were n't there . Are you living without Facebook ? He was a brilliant salesman because he did n't act much like a salesman . You believed him because he did n't seem like he cared that much whether you believed him or not . He was a good-looking , confident person , but his conduct in many respects was that of somebody so passionate about his work that it made him just a little socially unacceptable . This guy is a nerd , you thought -- the real thing , so he must know what he 's talking about . Zuckerberg has learned much , I suspect , from Jobs . He knows the impression he makes is important , so , like Jobs , he acts like he does n't think it 's important . The hoodie is both who he really is -- a big nerd -- and a thoughtful executive 's performance of who he really is . He is n't being immature or youthful at all . He 's striving to earn the confidence of investors by presenting himself as a scruffy genius who does n't care about earning their confidence . And that 's good business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Nugent .	Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was criticized for wearing a hoodie in meeting Benjamin Nugent : Zuckerberg 's hoodie signals that he is an artist , not a salesman He says that for tech geeks , indifference to dress is a badge of pride Nugent : Zuckerberg is n't immature ; wearing a hoodie is a great sales tactic
Oprah.com  -- Lives Other Than My Own By Emmanuel Carrre You 'd have to call 2005 a very tough year for Emmanuel Carrre and his family : After barely escaping a tsunami while vacationing in Sri Lanka , they returned home to Paris to witness the death of Carrre 's partner 's sister . While Lives Other Than My Own  Metropolitan  might have been just another "  why me ? " memoir , it is , in the French novelist and biographer 's hands , a wise study of the roots and rewards of altruism . With clear-eyed reporting , never-treacly compassion , and , yes , a healthy dose of French philosophizing , Carrre shows us how even the most self-obsessed can find grace and joy in the simplest acts of kindness . Oprah.com : The latest award winners : How many have you read ? Birds of Paradise By Diana Abu-Jaber The Southern Florida of Birds of Paradise  Norton  is a "  temporary enchantment ... people behave here in ways they never would back in Naperville and Houston and Scranton . " Maybe , but the problems that beset Miami 's Muir family in Diana Abu-Jaber 's affecting novel are all too common : Teenage daughter Felice has run away from home ; 20-something son Stanley has just shown up with a pregnant girlfriend , demanding money ; parents Avis , a pastry chef , and Brian , a real estate attorney , are facing their own marital and financial problems . While the beautiful , haunted Felice is the heart of this novel -- and her scenes in tattoo parlors , bars , and beaches the most compelling -- Abu-Jaber makes us wonder about more than what will happen to one girl with a guilty secret . What , after all , does it mean to be a family ? Is love really "  exchangeable , malleable " ? We ca n't help turning pages full of stunning prose to find out . Oprah.com : 5 books everyone should read at least once Mr. Fox By Helen Oyeyemi In a make-believe world of talking animals and courtly love , you might expect a dastardly plot or two . But as Helen Oyeyemi 's vibrant novel Mr. Fox  Riverhead  makes clear , even pretend danger can be dangerous . "  You 're a villain , " Mary , the literary muse of our antihero , the novelist St. John Fox , tells him . "  You kill women . You 're a serial killer . " Mr. Fox does n't share Mary 's outrage , however . "  It 's ridiculous to be so sensitive about the content of fiction , " he protests . But Mary knows better , and she constructs an elaborate series of adventures to teach Mr. Fox some lessons about his attitudes toward life and love . Based in part on a classic French folk tale , these labyrinthine tales-within-a-tale show him -- and us -- a powerful truth : that even ideas born of our imagination matter in the real world . Oprah.com : Poetry that till get you through a hard time The Arrogant Years By Lucette Lagnado With precision and searing honesty , Lucette Lagnado writes in The Arrogant Years  Ecco  about her torn allegiances as both an Egyptian Jew growing up in America in the 1960s and '70s and the youngest daughter of unhappily married parents . Her haunting 2007 memoir , The Man in the White Sharkskin Suit , explored the exile of her dashing father , Leon , who fled Cairo as Nasser came to power . Here , Lagnado focuses on her mother , Edith , whose story is at least as tragic , whose relationship with the daughter she called Loulou is even more complex . Having abandoned a prestigious career  as the private librarian to a wealthy Egyptian family  to marry Leon , Edith becomes a passive , resentfully submissive wife . But after the couple and their four children are forced to resettle in America , Edith shows a strong will , finding a job at a Brooklyn library and micromanaging Loulou 's education . Yet Edith has no desire to assimilate . She desperately tries to hold her family together "  in this post-Cairo exile of ours where there were few standards and we all felt unmoored . " Loulou basks in the cosseting of her parents ' immigrant community as a child , then pulls away in adolescence . But once successfully integrated into the secular society her parents resisted , Lagnado , a writer at the Wall Street Journal , finds herself nostalgic for her insular childhood -- "  forever yearning for that sense of absolute protection , that feeling of being watched over and loved . " Oprah.com : Books that made a difference to Kevin Spacey The Forgotten Waltz By Anne Enright In America we like our adultery straight up : a bubble of illicit passion that ends in regret . That 's not what Irish novelist Anne Enright is serving in The Forgotten Waltz  Norton  , which forgoes the simple morality tale for something more complex and satisfying . The novel begins as the otherwise involved Gina first sees the love of her life , the also-spoken-for Sen . Detailing the standard stuff of clandestine affairs -- tawdry hotels , wife-stalking -- Enright does not hide the ugliness of betrayal . But her real story is about the once illicit lovers ' fraught attempt to live as a family -- one that includes Sen 's alarmingly strange preadolescent daughter , Evie . Casting aside cultural bromides about the immorality of affairs , Enright puts us squarely in the center of a terrible truth : Love can be miraculous -- and still destroy everything in its path . Oprah.com : More irresistible fall reads Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Oprah.com 's picks for October reads "  Lives Other Than My Own " shows how even the most self-obsessed can find grace and joy "  The Forgotten Waltz " reminds that love can be miraculous and still destroy everything in its path
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lawyers in the Conrad Murray manslaughter trial will take Wednesday off from court to prepare their closing arguments , a day after the doctor declined to testify in his defense in the death of singer Michael Jackson . Murray announced in court Tuesday that he will not take the stand , pausing to look at each of his lawyers for several seconds before telling the judge , "  My decision is that I will not testify in this matter . " His decision to remain silent ended the defense case in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor , setting the stage for closing arguments on Thursday . The end of testimony was emotional for dozens of the singer 's fans who converged at the Los Angeles County courthouse during the six-week trial . A fan was removed from the courthouse after yelling "  Murderer , Murderer " at Murray as he walked down the hallway during a recess Tuesday . Fans also surrounded and yelled at defense anesthesiology expert Dr. Paul White as he waited for a cab on a courthouse sidewalk . Others lined both sides of the hallway and held hands as members of Jackson 's family walked past . Parents Joe and Katherine Jackson attended court Tuesday , along with their daughter , LaToya Jackson and youngest son , Randy Jackson . As Katherine and LaToya left the courthouse , they took with them several signs used by fans in loud protests each day . Prosecutors briefly recalled their anesthesiology expert , Dr. Steven Shafer , for a rebuttal to defense propofol expert Dr. Paul White before resting their case Tuesday morning . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor met with lawyers for both sides Tuesday afternoon to discuss what exhibits will be admitted into evidence and what instructions he will give jurors before they begin deliberations Thursday . The prosecution contends that Murray 's use of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia in his home deviated from the standards of care expected of a doctor so egregiously that it made him criminally responsible for Jackson 's death . Murray has pleaded not guilty . If Murray had decided to tell jurors his version of what happened the day the pop star died under his care , it would have been at the risk of intensive cross-examination by Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren . Walgren proved his cross-examination skills again Monday in a fiery battle with White over the defense anesthesiology expert 's theory that Jackson died from drugs he gave himself . White completed his testimony Tuesday morning . White 's bruises in his battle with Walgren on Monday included a contempt-of-court citation and a $ 1,000 fine after he ignored repeated warnings from Pastor not to refer to his personal conversations with Murray . Walgren insisted that White answer his questions based only on what he knew from Murray 's interview with police , not what Murray told him privately . It otherwise would have been a way for the defense to introduce statements from the defendant without him having to testify . "  Nice try , " Pastor told the defense as he ruled they could n't do that . Walgren spent much of Monday trying to discredit what White said during his testimony Friday , and getting the defense expert to support the prosecution 's argument that Murray 's treatment of Jackson was reckless . White conceded that Murray deviated from the standards of care , but he would not agree that they were so "  egregious and extreme " that they make Murray criminally responsible for Jackson 's death . Murray 's deviations were "  perhaps between minor and serious , but it 's not extreme , " he said . Walgren also was successful in getting White to agree that he would not have done what Murray did -- take the job of sedating Jackson nearly every night at home with propofol . "  No amount of money " could get him to take the job , White said . "  Absolutely not , " he testified . "  That would be a job I would never consider accepting . " The prosecution contends greed led Murray to leave his medical practice and put his ethics aside to serve as Jackson 's private doctor for $ 150,000 a month . But the biggest battle between Walgren and White was fought over the competing theories of how Jackson died and the scientific evidence that supports them . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was caused by "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with two sedatives . White concluded that the level of drugs found in Jackson 's stomach , blood and urine , convinced him that Jackson died after he rapidly injected himself with propofol on top of a large dose of lorazepam he swallowed hours earlier . Shafer , the prosecution 's propofol expert , concluded the "  only scenario " that fits the scientific evidence is that Jackson was on a constant intravenous drip of propofol for three hours before his death . Shafer also testified that Murray must have also injected Jackson with a series of large doses of lorazepam , a sedative , hours before his death . White theorized that Jackson could have "  pushed " the drug into an catheter in his leg using a syringe over a 15 - to 30-second period , much faster than a doctor would have done . "  I believe it could potentially have lethal consequences , " White testified . Under cross-examination Monday , White said he believed Jackson used the same syringe Murray had loaded with propofol an hour earlier to give Jackson a 25-milligram injection . Murray filled it with 50 milligrams initially , leaving it half-filled in Jackson 's bedroom , under White 's theory . White ruled out the possibility that Murray would have injected the fatal dose unless "  he wanted to potentially harm Mr. Jackson . " Walgren asked White whether he thought Jackson intended to harm himself . "  I do n't think he realized the potential danger , " White replied . The defense contends Jackson was desperate for sleep , fearing his comeback concerts would be canceled if he missed another rehearsal from lack of rest . Walgren pressed White for an opinion about Murray 's decision to leave Jackson alone with a syringe of propofol , considering he should have known Jackson had "  pushed " a syringe of propofol before . "  No , I would not leave the room , " he said . Prosecutors contend Murray is responsible for Jackson 's death , even if he did not give him the final and fatal dose , because he was reckless in using the surgical anesthetic to help Jackson sleep without proper precautions .	Testimony ends in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray Lawyers are off from court Wednesday to prepare closing arguments . "  My decision is that I will not testify in this matter , " Murray tells the judge Closing arguments and jury deliberations will come Thursday
CNN  An uncle of a Jordanian pilot captured by ISIS in Syria and threatened with beheading has appealed to the terrorist group to release its prisoner . "  It is in their benefit as well and the benefit of all us , " Yassin AlRawashdeh , a former diplomat , told CNN on Friday . ISIS should set Moaz al-Kassasbeh free in order to gain more sympathy in the region , AlRawashdeh said . "  Otherwise , they will get the anger of the whole people of Jordan and the anger of the whole world , " he said . ISIS had pushed Jordan to bring a convicted terrorist , Sajida al-Rishawi , to the Turkish border by Thursday evening . The Jordanians did n't , so governments and relatives were still waiting Friday to see whether ISIS followed through on its threat to kill al-Kassasbeh , followed by the beheading of a Japanese journalist , Kenji Goto . Another of the pilot 's uncles , Fahed Al-Kasasbeh , said the family has n't received any information from official sources . And there has been no proof of life from ISIS . "  But we hope he is still alive , " AlRawashdeh said . Al-Kassasbeh 's father , Safi , made a similar appeal for his son 's release Thursday , after the sunset deadline . Jordanian officials have said they are willing to swap al-Rishawi for the pilot . But Jordan 's key condition is proof that al-Kassasbeh is still alive . "  At this point , we want to emphasize that we have asked for proof of life , and we have not received anything as of yet , " government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani said Thursday afternoon , about an hour before the purported deadline . The lack of proof of the pilot 's health is concerning , but Al-Kasasbeh said the family had received some information from "  unofficial sources " that was comforting . Kidnappers are in a commodities exchange business , said Chris Voss , a former FBI hostage negotiator . And "  proof of life is part of this type of negotiation . " "  The Jordanians have no business going forward until they get it . " Al-Kassasbeh was captured after he ejected from his F-16 jet last month near Raqqa , the extremist group 's de facto capital in Syria . Coalition warplanes and drones continue flying over ISIS strongholds in northern Syria , looking for any signs of unusual activity -- perhaps a convoy moving toward the border with Turkey . But hope is fading . "  Given the fact that ISIS has executed every hostage that they have publicly produced on a videotape except one British hostage , it does suggest that ISIS is not that interested in serious negotiations and is principally interested in the ability to get a lot of attention for its cause , " said Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst . The 47-year-old Goto left Japan last fall , when his youngest daughter was 3 weeks old . His wife , Rinko , who heard from his captors first on December 2 and most recently in a Wednesday email with their "  final demand " -- pleaded for his return . "  I hope our oldest daughter , who is just 2 , will get to see her father again , " his wife , Rinko , said . Thursday 's deadline was the third that ISIS set in less than a week . The wait began with a video showing two Japanese hostages , Goto and aspiring security contractor Haruna Yukawa . And an outrageous demand from ISIS : a $ 200 million ransom from Japan within 72 hours , or else both captives die . The first deadline passed a week ago Friday . Grim proof soon followed : An image of Goto holding what appeared to be a photo of Yukawa 's headless body . Goto apparently was spared . "  What it shows is that they are reacting tactically , " said CNN military analyst Ret . Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling . "  They no longer have a strategic plan . ... They are just trying to get the best thing going . " Days later , came a change in demands : ISIS now sought the release of al-Rishawi , a female jihadist imprisoned in Jordan for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception that killed dozens . And if the swap was n't made , the group threatened to kill both the pilot and the journalist . Wednesday night brought yet another deadline : deliver al-Rishawi to the Turkish border by sunset Thursday , or al-Kassasbeh and Goto would die . The relentless back-and-forth has raised hard questions about whether ISIS is truly negotiating , and whether Jordan made a mistake to try . "  They are attempting to elevate themselves into some sort of status as a political movement and a state , " Hertling said . "  They are not . They are terrorists . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Barbara Starr , Anderson Cooper and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Uncle of captured pilot : If ISIS kills hostage it will face the anger of all of Jordan Family holds hope hostage is still alive despite passage of ultimatum and lack of proof of life
CNN  -- A few hundred yards from the Pearl Roundabout , the epicenter of Bahrain 's protest movement , you can be blissfully unaware of the turmoil that has suddenly engulfed this island kingdom . Caressed by the muzak of Richard Clayderman , you can wander the polished floors of a mall that would dwarf many in suburban America . There 's a Radio Shack , a Krispy Kreme doughnut shop and , it seems , every apparel store known to the United States . You can escape the political drama playing out here by taking in a movie at the 16-screen megaplex cinema . Bahrain 's malls -- and there are dozens of them -- are emblematic of an aggressive drive to make this kingdom a Gulf powerhouse . The slogan is "  Business Friendly Bahrain . " Big international banks are coaxed into setting up here ; Bahrain is the banking center of the Gulf . There is a surfeit of luxury property for rent . High-profile international events are staged here -- including round one of the 2011 Formula 1 Grand Prix , but that was canceled last week due to the unrest . A large pool of migrant workers provides cheap labor -- sometimes it seems there are almost as many Pakistanis and Filipinos here as Bahrainis . Through the hazy glare , the Manama skyline boasts shining high-rise complexes , with more to come , despite a sharp decline in rental values over the past two years , according to international real estate agency Knight Frank . But just a few miles from the malls , there are non-descript villages of narrow alleys and general stores , where the jumble of cheap goods spills onto the curbside . In the past week , the streets of several have been festooned with black flags of mourning . On Tuesday , 32-year-old Reida Houmeid was laid to rest in the seaside village of Al Malkiya . He was shot in the head by security forces last Friday near the Pearl Roundabout and succumbed to his injuries three days later . At his funeral , the Imam delivered a harsh judgment against Bahrain 's rulers , reminding mourners of the slaying and beheading of Hussein Ibn Ali in the year 680 , an event widely regarded as marking the definitive break of the Shia and Sunni branches of Islam . Houmeid 's eight-year-old son stood near his father 's grave with a photograph around his neck . It showed him sitting on his father 's shoulders , a broad smile on his face . This day , his face was a study in confusion and sadness . Within sight of Houmeid 's grave is the sea he loved as a fisherman . The gentle Gulf waters are the color of lapis lazuli ; the well-worn boats of the fishermen nudge against grander leisure craft . After the funeral , his brother Ghidir said Reida would sit in his boat and talk for hours about Bahrain and "  what was wrong . " The village saw a bitter and sometimes violent dispute about the fishermen 's access to the seafront , an incendiary issue here . Much of Bahrain 's coastline has become private property as the kingdom has become richer . It is just one of many grievances felt by the majority Shiite community in Bahrain , which has been ruled by the Sunni al Khalifa dynasty for 200 years . At the Pearl Roundabout , re-occupied by protesters since Saturday , one display shows satellite photographs of all the property purportedly owned by King Hamad and the royal family on the island . The Shia complain of discrimination in housing , incentives offered by the government to non-Bahraini Sunnis to move here , and a lack of job prospects . But the Shia also have political demands , demands that have suddenly taken on a sharper edge with the events of the past week . The chants of tens of thousands of marchers in Bahrain Tuesday included "  No Shia , no Sunni , only Bahraini , " but also "  The regime must go . " The call that most echoes around the Pearl Roundabout is "  Down , Down Khalifa . " Late Wednesday , some of the 23 political detainees released on Tuesday were due to appear at the roundabout to address a growing crowd . A campaign that began barely two weeks ago to demand constitutional reform is , at least in some quarters , morphing into one for regime change , according to both opposition sources and human rights activists . Not that the king or Crown Prince Salman bin Hamid bin Isa Khalifa will entertain such a prospect . The crown prince is leading an initiative to start a dialogue with opposition groups , and the government is offering various olive branches . Besides the release of the detainees , it has promised an investigation into the killings of protesters -- the opposition says 10 died last week -- and it has cancelled the arrest warrant for Hassan Mushaimaa , leader of the more hardline Haq movement . Mushaimaa was due back from self-imposed exile in London late Wednesday . The crown prince has also set no deadline for protesters to leave the Pearl Roundabout . For his part , King Hamad said Tuesday that "  the best alternative is to sit at the national dialogue table . " But this is not a state accustomed to fast-paced political change , and diplomats say there is still disagreement within the ruling elite about what concessions to offer . And then there is the regional dynamic . No sooner was King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia home after medical treatment in the United States than King Hamad flew to meet him . The two royal houses are close allies -- Sunni , hostile to Iran and pro-western . The U.S. Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain . Regional commentators say the Saudi nightmare is to see the al Khalifa family toppled , with the Shia gaining ascendancy on an island so close to Saudi Arabia that it is linked by a causeway . Adjacent to that causeway are Saudi Arabia 's own Shia communities , in its oil-rich eastern provinces . In another world away from those sparkling malls , a gritty and unpredictable power struggle is underway in the Gulf 's smallest country .	Modern Bahrain is courting big businesses The Shia majority complains of discrimination The opposition is beginning to suggest regime change
CNN  -- It 's a startlingly familiar story : a violent crash during a car race sends debris hurtling into the stands . Spectators scatter , some are hurt . It happened again Sunday at IndyCar 's Grand Prix of Houston , where 13 spectators were injured when two cars bumped in the final lap of the race , sending one sailing into a protective fence while the other spun out , shearing off part of its side of sending debris toward the grandstands . One of the drivers , three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti , suffered spinal and ankle injuries and was hospitalized . The incident comes eight months after a February accident during a NASCAR race at Daytona International Speedway that spewed debris into the stands , injuring 28 fans . In March two people , a driver and a 14-year-old boy who was standing in the pit area of a California racetrack , died in an accident during warm-ups . While it appears no one keeps comprehensive statistics , the Charlotte Observer newspaper reported in 2011 that 46 spectators had died at U.S. race tracks between 1990 and 2010 . The newspaper did not track injuries . PRESS Inc. , a racing safety company , cites insurance industry sources as saying 2,000 spectators are injured in a year . In a statement issued Monday , IndyCar said it "  is thoroughly reviewing the incident . Reducing the risks that are associated with racing is one of our highest priorities and receives our constant and on-going focus . " The issue of fan safety has long been on IndyCar 's agenda . The issue was amplified two years ago , when two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon died after his car struck a fence support during a race in Las Vegas . Last year , a league consultant said the league was committed to investigating ways to better design barriers to prevent crash debris from reaching fans , according to IndyCar.com . And in May , league CEO Mark Miles said executives would look at new safety initiatives , including the possibility of new types of fences , more safety precautions near where drivers stop for service and repairs , and driver safety enhancements . NASCAR took similar safety precautions after February 's wreck at Daytona International Speedway by adding extra cables on crossover gates and tethering frames of gates to posts . CNN 's Dan Moriarity contributed to this report .	Fan safety is again in the spotlight after the Houston crash 13 fans and a driver are injured in the crash at the Grand Prix of Houston Both IndyCar and NASCAR seek to ensure spectator safety , but injuries are not uncommon
CNN  -- As Democratic and Republican presidential candidates scour the country for votes during the 2008 campaign , they 'll inevitably court the Hispanic community , a voting group growing rapidly in number and diversity . Some Democratic presidential candidates pose before a debate sponsored by Univision . The Republican debate was postponed after only one candidate agreed to attend , a development which troubled some party leaders . The Hispanic vote is neither homogenous nor loyal to one party . Though the current political moment seems to favor the Democratic Party , experts say that affinity should not be taken for granted . The Hispanic community is the fastest-growing minority group in the United States , according to the U.S. census . But its percentage of the electorate is lower than its numbers as a whole because of lower citizenship rates , less voter participation and a youthful demographic . Of the nation 's more than 44 million people of Hispanic origin , about a third are too young to vote . But all that 's changing . Before the midterm elections in 2006 , the Pew Hispanic Center , a Washington-based think-tank , estimated more than 17 million Hispanics would be eligible to vote in that election . The number represented a 7 percent increase from 2004 . The Hispanic share of the U.S. electorate increased from 8.2 percent to 8.6 percent during the same period , Pew estimated . That percentage may grow even more by 2008 as a result of citizenship drives , get-out-the-vote campaigns and the natural growth of the community . Univision , the Spanish-language broadcast giant , has thrown its considerable weight behind a citizenship drive this year . "  We feel that empowering our audience is good for Hispanics and the country , " Univision President Ray Rodriguez told the Wall Street Journal in May 2007 , adding that it was "  a totally nonpartisan effort . " Organizations such as the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials , or NALEO , are also mobilizing the vote . "  We have spearheaded a massive naturalization campaign and close to , I think , a million applications will have been submitted this fiscal year , " said NALEO 's executive director , Arturo Vargas . The change in the electorate could play a significant role in possible swing states like Arizona , Nevada , New Mexico , Colorado and Florida during the 2008 election . There 's a reason the Democratic Party decided to hold its presidential convention in Denver , experts said . "  I do n't think it 's really registered with people just how influential the Latino vote can be in some of these state primaries , " Vargas said . The Hispanic vote has historically been aligned with the Democratic Party , an allegiance established during the administrations of Presidents Franklin Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy , said Harry Pachon of the Tomas Rivera Policy Institute . That political alignment was further cemented when Proposition 187 -- designed to deny health care , education and welfare benefits to illegal immigrants -- was pushed by Republicans and passed in California in 1994 . But the Republican Party , intent on gaining more Hispanic voters , made inroads during the early parts of this decade , culminating in the 2004 presidential campaign by President Bush . Exit polls showed he carried 40 to 44 percent of the Hispanic vote , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . "  There are a lot of issues that Latinos agree with Republican philosophy , " Pachon said , pointing to the GOP stances on entrepreneurship , fiscal policies , its appeal to Hispanic evangelicals and its policies toward Cuba . But the heated immigration debate , when many congressional Republicans disagreed with President Bush over granting a path toward citizenship for many illegal immigrants , may erode those gains . "  The Republicans are really caught between a rock and a hard place , " Pachon said . They must balance the interests of a segment of their constituency that is very anti-immigrant with the interests of a "  Latino voter that is affluent and middle class , who can theoretically be reached by Republican Party principles , " he said . It is little wonder then , that among Republican presidential candidates , only Arizona Sen. John McCain agreed to appear at an Univision debate scheduled for mid-September . The debate did n't happen . All but one of the Democratic contenders appeared for their debate . Some Republican leaders said last week not participating in such debates could harm the party 's standing with minority groups for the 2008 election and beyond . "  What are we going to do -- meet in a country club in the suburbs one day ? " former congressman and GOP vice presidential candidate Jack Kemp told The Washington Post . "  If we 're going to be competitive with people of color , we 've got to ask them for their vote . " "  This -LSB- political environment -RSB- gives Democrats a huge advantage , " Adam J. Segal , who heads the Hispanic Voter Project at Johns Hopkins University , said in an e-mail . He also runs the 2050 Group , a multicultural public relations firm based in Washington . "  They are likely to draw far more Hispanic votes than in 2004 and would gain at least a half-million vote advantage " under one of his group 's more conservative scenarios , Segal said . But the Hispanic community is diverse and voting interests are not homogenous , which imperils such predictions . Hispanic immigrants originate from more than a dozen different countries , arrived in the U.S. through numerous immigration waves and have different perceptions of communal identity , Segal said . For example , a Cuban-American may vote Republican because of the GOP 's long-standing policies toward Cuba , whereas a Puerto Rican voter in New York City or a voter in a border state may be driven by different motives . The culture of a state can also affect a Hispanic voter 's behavior . A voter in Texas may be more conservative , whereas a voter with a similar background in California may be more liberal , Pachon said . There may also be generational cleavages , Pachon said . A study he conducted with a colleague on the impact of religion on the Latino vote revealed differences between first - , second - and third-generation Hispanics . The first and third generations said religion was more important to them when compared to the second generation . Additionally , despite the furor over immigration , that issue might not be the most important to Hispanic voters , NALEO 's Vargas said . "  If the election were held today , I think immigration would be a significant factor , but we 're more than a year away from the election , " he said . Based on a series of town hall meetings conducted in 2004 and conversations throughout this year , Vargas said education , the Iraq war , the economy and health care may take precedence over immigration . "  We need to distinguish issues that matter to the Latino community versus the issues that matter to Latino voters , " he said . "  Those are not the same . " E-mail to a friend	Political observers : Hispanic voters as diverse as wider community Grassroots efforts under way to increase Hispanic citizenship Hispanic vote could play significant role in 2008 swing states
CNN  -- The entryways to some of the University of Chicago dorms near the corner of East 61st and South Cottage Grove resemble the doors of a prison . And if you look around , it 's clear that instead of trying to keep trouble locked in , the 123-year-old private school is trying to keep trouble out . The university 's stone wall near that intersection appears to have had graffiti scrubbed off . And the U. of C. chose to situate its Department of Safety & Security less than a block away . There are bright yellow signs on nearby telephone poles with the words "  safe passage " on them . They arrived last year after a budget crunch caused Mayor Rahm Emmanuel to close 50 city schools , forcing displaced students to walk not only farther from home , but across warring gang territory -- some in this neighborhood -- to attend classes . These students , many of whom are black and Latino , are supposed to stay on the "  safe passage " routes to avoid being accidentally shot by fighting gangs . As if bullets can read signs . Against this backdrop , the university is bidding for President Obama 's presidential library , with a projected cost approaching half a billion dollars .  The deadline for bids is June 16 ; Honolulu , where Obama grew up , and New York are also expected to make pitches .  And this has presented Obama with a political -- and arguably moral -- bind that his former community-activist self might have taken on quite differently . Some context : Emmanuel , Obama 's friend and former White House chief of staff , is despised by the black community in this town . And at least six shootings happened within blocks of Obama 's Hyde Park home this past weekend alone , a situation crying out for solutions and funds to pay for them . Just to the west of East 61st and South Cottage Grove , the residents want the university to build a trauma center to help save the lives of the people living in the high crime/low income neighborhoods that surround it . Currently the university 's renowned hospital is unable to treat adults injured in falls , car accidents and assaults , though it does operate a trauma center for children 16 and under . It had a trauma care unit in 1986 but closed it two years later because of annual losses of $ 2 million -- a combination of high volume , patients without insurance and insufficient public aid . This mattered , for example , to an 18-year-old youth activist by the name of Damian Turner , who in 2010 was caught in the crossfire of a drive-by shooting just four blocks from the school 's hospital , but had to be driven 10 miles to be treated . He died en route . In 2013 , Northwestern University studied gunshot wounds recorded by the Illinois State Trauma Registry from 1999 to 2009 and found that living more than five miles from a trauma center decreases chances of survival . Adults living on the city 's predominantly black south side do not live within five miles of such a center . That 's a problem . Opening a $ 700 million "  hospital for the future " -- as the university did last year with its Center for Care and Discovery , focused on cancer , neuroscience and advanced surgery -- while telling neighbors a trauma center is too expensive to run , is also a problem . And it certainly does n't help that Emmanuel , the man responsible for closing so many schools in this black neighborhood , is lobbying state officials to pony up $ 100 million for the library . No money to educate black children safely near their homes . Too expensive to run a trauma center to help black victims of shootings . But half a billion for a vanity project with the Obama name on it . With the location of the library set to be named sometime next year , it would appear the President has little choice but to avoid placing the library at the university lest he run the risk of , for one thing , making his My Brother 's Keeper initiative look hollow . It 's either that or try to force the university 's hand -- no adult trauma center , no library . Hawaii is looking better and better , is n't it ? This week a local organization , STOP , Southside Together Organizing for Power , is holding a series of peaceful protests on and around the university campus to oppose putting the library there and to raise attention for the need for a trauma center . Their demonstrations started with a sit-in on the construction site for a parking ramp near the school 's new Discovery center . Video shows it ended with protesters being dragged off the premises by university police for trespassing , with some protesters injured in the process . "  The University of Chicago upholds the right to peaceful and safe demonstrations , but can not allow protests that jeopardize anyone 's safety , " a statement read , adding it has established locations for demonstrations . "  No arrests were made , and no charges have been planned . " And no resolution in the near future . "  If the University of Chicago Medical Center cared about the safety of black kids , they would provide a trauma center , because right now in Chicago black kids are the leading population that are suffering from trauma , " said demonstrator Veronica Morris-Moore , while holding an icepack on a wrist she said was injured in the skirmish . Next to her was 18-year-old Victoria Crider , whose leg was elevated on a desk , her ankle in an air cast . STOP 's office is on East 61st , just a few blocks west of the school . "  Barack Obama has made it a point in his administration to not only preserve the life of black people , but black men , " Morris-Moore said . "  And the university can play a part and they 're just choosing not to . " She said "  there 's a lot of burden " on Obama to push for a trauma center . "  Clearly they 're not listening to us . Clearly they 're just going to keep pushing us around ... keep harming us until we go away . And we 're not going away . But we are getting tired and we do need help from people the university will listen to . And they will listen to  Obama  . So in some respect he does owe us some attention . " When more than 40 people are being shot in a weekend -- some in and around that neighborhood -- as happened last month , a lot more than attention is needed . Which could make Obama 's return to Chicago every bit as stressful and as political as any day in Washington .	LZ : Violent area around Univ. of Chicago is near where pricey Obama library might go LZ : Area needs adult trauma center , cuts forced school closings ; funding needed here He says Obama , the community organizer , might have pointed this out and is in tricky spot LZ : Obama should avoid putting library there , or push for trauma center as a condition
CNN  -- Microsoft 's Bing search engine will not follow Google out of China . Executives have made that clear . But will they take the high road or the low road in their quest to win a bigger piece of a China 's fast-growing Internet market ? On Monday Google stopped censoring its Chinese search engine and moved the service to Hong Kong , where the Internet is n't censored . Before this week Google had a 35 percent share of the Chinese search engine market , a nontrivial number in a country of 400 million Internet users . It 's unlikely that many of those 140 million Google.cn users will stick with the new service at Google.com.hk , because many of its results are now blocked by the Chinese government 's own network-level censorship system , known as the "  Great Firewall of China . " With the loyalty of millions of Chinese Internet searchers up for grabs , Baidu , the home-grown search engine with dominant market share in China , is expected to be the biggest winner . But Microsoft 's chief research and strategy officer , Craig Mundie , confirmed in an interview with the state-controlled China Daily last week that Bing , which now has less than 1 percent of Chinese market share , "  is committed to stay . " He chided Google for its lack of experience in China compared with Microsoft 's 20-year presence , implying that one day it , too , will grow up to the world 's realities . But is Microsoft being ethically responsible ? The answer to that question is not simply about whether Bing stays in China . It 's also a question of how Bing stays . Will Microsoft manage its legal obligations to the Chinese government in a way that helps legitimize and prolong current censorship practices , or in a way that helps reduce censorship over time -- or at the very least increases transparency and accountability to Chinese citizens ? In January , the Chinese media gave prominent play to comments by Microsoft 's founder Bill Gates and CEO Steve Ballmer . Ballmer called Google 's move to stop censoring in China an irrational business decision . "  You 've got to decide , " said Gates , "  do you want to obey the laws of the countries you 're in , or not ? " In a blog post , Ballmer attempted to clarify Microsoft 's position . While Microsoft intends to stay engaged in the China market , he said it does try to push back quietly against efforts to restrict peaceful political expression . "  We have conversations with governments to make our views known , " he wrote . "  In every country in which we operate , including China , Microsoft requires proper legal authority before we remove any Internet content ; and if we remove content , we give users notice . " Needless to say , those words were not quoted in the Chinese media . As it happens , the way Microsoft handles censorship in China has changed since it launched a Chinese version of its search engine and rolled out a Chinese-language blog-hosting service in 2005 . Chinese Internet companies -- including Baidu -- routinely delete content in response to casual phone calls and instant chat messages made by authorities who do n't find it necessary to prove that their request has any legal basis . When Microsoft started in China , its approach to compliance could best be described as "  when in Rome , do as the Romans do . " That year , their employees deleted a popular blog in response to a phone call made by a government official to Microsoft 's Chinese business partner . Microsoft employees did n't just block the blog , which had called for a boycott of a newspaper after its editor was fired ; they took it off the Internet completely . It was no longer visible to anybody in the world . In February 2006 , executives from Cisco , Yahoo , Microsoft and Google were summoned to a congressional hearing in Washington . Google had announced its decision to enter China with a censored search engine , Google.cn . Cisco was under fire for selling technology to China that helped authorities censor the Internet . Yahoo! was in the doghouse for having helped authorities convict pro-democracy journalist Shi Tao and three other activists by handing over the contents of their e-mail to Chinese police . "  Your abhorrent activities in China are a disgrace , " thundered the late California Democratic Rep. Tom Lantos . Executives justified their companies ' behavior by saying they are bound to abide by the local laws where they do business . Then why , human rights activists and legal experts asked , were they responding to requests made by Chinese authorities using no pretense of legal process ? Microsoft began to change the way it handles censorship . It says it has stopped taking down content every time Chinese authorities object . It claims to have instituted procedures stipulating that only legally binding requests made in writing would be honored . When carrying out requests to censor entries on MSN Spaces  later renamed MSN Live Spaces  , Microsoft 's blogging and social networking platform , it would block pages from users on the Chinese network , but leave them visible to people viewing the page from all other countries . Tests I 've conducted have shown that MSN Live 's Chinese service censors substantially less than its domestic Chinese competitors . Bing seems to censor a bit less than the Chinese Baidu but a bit more than Google.cn did . The criteria the company uses for deciding what to censor and what not to censor , however , are not clear . We have to take it at its word that it 's only responding to censorship requests made through a legally binding procedure . But an effort is under way to hold Microsoft publicly accountable to its promises . In 2008 , Microsoft , along with Google and Yahoo , joined the Global Network Initiative  GNI , at globalnetworkinitiative.org  , a group that has established a code of conduct for free expression and privacy . The goal of the initiative , whose members include human rights groups , investors and academics  including myself  is to help companies do the right thing under difficult circumstances . Figuring out the right thing to do can be particularly tough in countries like China , where people have so much to gain from greater access to global Internet platforms and tools , and the government works hard to co-opt companies to serve their purposes As a member , Microsoft has signed on to a document that states : "  The right to freedom of expression should not be restricted by governments , except in narrowly defined circumstances based on internationally recognized laws or standards . " While the initiative does not expect companies to make their local employees conduct civil disobedience or pull out of markets at the first sign of difficulty , the GNI does expect that companies will not comply with arbitrary requests and will seek to protect users from the kinds of surveillance that could lead to human rights violations . Member companies have agreed to submit to an independent evaluation process to determine whether their claims match the reality . Earlier this month , Chinese Minister of Industry and Information Technology Li Yizhong told the international press that foreign Internet companies must obey Chinese laws . Now the question is : Will Microsoft take him at his word ? Will Bing comply only with those censorship requests that have a clear basis in Chinese law and which are made through a legally binding , documented and accountable process ? Will it challenge them ? Will it do everything it can to avoid storing personally identifiable user data that can be shared with local authorities , and will it clearly inform its users about what information is kept about them and with whom it will be shared ? When we know the answers to those questions , we 'll know which road Bing has taken in China . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca MacKinnon	Rebecca MaKinnon says that with Google.cn out of China , Bing could get more customers She says Microsoft and other firms in China have yielded to extra-legal censorship there But Microsoft set stricter rules recently for how it will comply with censorship , she says Will Bing comply only with requests that have a clear basis in Chinese law ? she asks
CNN  -- The battle over health care and whether to use the shortcut tactic known as reconciliation to push it through has thrust the Senate parliamentarian into the spotlight . Never heard of the Senate parliamentarian ? You 're not alone . It takes thousands of people like him to keep Capitol Hill -- and the U.S. government -- running . "  It 's sort of like a little city full of people here , " Senate historian Donald Ritchie said . Here are some Capitol Hill jobs that those outside the Beltway may have never heard of : Parliamentarians The House and Senate each have their own Office of the Parliamentarian . The parliamentarian 's job is to advise lawmakers on procedure and clarify the often arcane legislative lingo . The parliamentarian provides nonpartisan advice to help lawmakers understand the ins and outs of the legislative process . It 's up to the Senate parliamentarian , Alan Frumin , to advise lawmakers on what can and can not be passed via reconciliation , which requires a simple majority of 51 votes instead of 60 to advance legislation in the Senate . With reconciliation a likely step on the path to health care reform , expect to see Frumin in the headlines for a while . Keeper of the stationery The keeper of stationery , like many positions on Capitol Hill , dates back to the early days of Congress . Back then , the secretary of the Senate was hired to buy papers and pens and ink for lawmakers , Ritchie said . Clerks were hired based on penmanship since everything was handwritten . The secretary of the Senate still has a stationery room , which is looked after by the keeper of stationery . Today , that room is more of an office supply shop , where lawmakers ' staff can pick up computer paper and ink cartridges . The House and Senate each have similar stores , which are not open to the public . Cloakroom personnel The cloakrooms are off the floor of the House and Senate chambers , and they are similar to what other offices call break rooms . Lawmakers might work on cutting deals in the cloakroom , or they might just kick back and watch television . Each party has its own cloakroom . Floor assistants and cloakroom attendants are among those who work in the rooms . Their duties include alerting lawmakers when votes are coming up , telling them whether the chamber will be open on a snow day and working with pages to deliver messages . Senate hair care staff Hairstylists have worked on Capitol Hill since the 19th century , Ritchie said . Although haircuts were free for lawmakers when the shop first opened , that 's not the case anymore . In addition to hairstylists , the Senate hair care staff also includes a shoe shiner and a manicurist . The barber shop and beauty parlor are open to the public . Reading clerk The reading clerk , also known as the legislative clerk , reads the titles of bills . In the Senate , the clerk also calls the role when votes take place . The reading clerk is also the lucky person who has the task of reading aloud 1,000-plus-page bills when lawmakers request it . Gift shop workers The Senate and House each have their own gift shops . There are also two gift shops at the Capitol Hill Visitor Center . These shops employ gift shop assistants , sales associates and shop directors . Architect of the Capitol The Architect of the Capitol is responsible for the upkeep and the preservation of landmarks throughout Washington , including the Capitol , Visitor Center , Supreme Court , Library of Congress and U.S. Botanic Garden . The agency employs 2,500 workers . Sergeant-at-arms The House and Senate each have a sergeant-at-arms , who handles security for lawmakers , their staff and visitors . The sergeants , along with the Architect of the Capitol , serve on the Capitol Police Board . The House sergeant-at-arms introduces the president at the State of the Union address . When the office of the House doorkeeper was abolished in 1995 , the House sergeant-at-arms absorbed some of that position 's duties , along with the clerk of the House and the chief administrative officer . Subway operators There are multiple subways that run to the Capitol from lawmakers ' office buildings . A driver operates the one from the Rayburn House Office Building . The Senate has three office buildings . Subways running from the Hart and Dirksen office buildings are mechanically operated . The original Russell Senate Office Building still has an operator on its subway , Ritchie said . The subways shuffle lawmakers from their offices to the House and Senate floor . Maintenance staff "  Anything you need to have an office going , we 've got people doing it here , " Ritchie said . From carpenters to book binders to upholsterers to picture framers to light bulb changers -- the maintenance workers try to counter the wear and tear of the millions of people who visit the Capitol .	Capitol Hill "  like a little city full of people , " Senate historian says Capitol has a barber shop and a beauty parlor Keeper of the stationery tends to office supplies Parliamentarians explain arcane legislative procedure to lawmakers
The story would not be out of place on the TV thriller "  Homeland " : the Danish petty criminal turned double agent who receives $ 250,000 in cash for helping the CIA try to ensnare one of al Qaeda 's most wanted -- by finding him a wife . The wanted man was American-born al Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who had become one of the most effective propagandists for the group . The bride-to-be was a pretty blonde from Croatia . The agent was Morten Storm , who had long moved in radical Islamist circles and had apparently won the trust of al-Awlaki during a stay in Yemen in 2006 . But unknown to his militant "  brothers , " Storm had contacted Danish intelligence late in 2006 and offered his services . They had brought in the CIA . And when al-Awlaki fled the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , for a remote desert hide-out , Storm became one of the contacts the agency tried to use to pinpoint al-Awlaki and take him out of circulation . The Danish biker and the trail that led to Al Qaeda 's most wanted According to Storm 's account , in a series of lengthy interviews with the Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten , one of his many meetings with al-Awlaki took place at a desert camp in Shabwa province in September 2009 . "  He asked if I knew a woman from the West he could marry . I think that he lacked someone who could better understand his Western mind-set , " Storm told Jyllands Posten . Al-Awlaki , according to Storm , already had two Arab wives , but they lived in Sanaa . He wanted a white Muslim convert who could be his "  companion in hiding " in remote tribal areas . Neither the CIA nor the Danish intelligence agency PET has publicly commented on Storm 's account , and the story might seem implausible were it not for copious evidence shown by Storm to Jyllands Posten . The evidence includes video recordings exchanged by al-Awlaki and his bride-to-be , communications from al-Awlaki , travel receipts and a photograph of a briefcase stuffed with $ 250,000 in cash that Storm said he had received from the CIA . Read more : Al Qaeda leader calls for more protests Storm said that two months after returning from Yemen , he stumbled across a Facebook group supportive of al-Awlaki , whose charismatic online sermons had earned him rock-star status in jihadist circles . Storm added a comment requesting support , and several days later , a Croatian woman replied , asking him what he needed . Aminah , a pretty 33-year-old with long blond hair who worked with young disabled people in Zagreb , had recently converted to Islam and become a fan of al-Awlaki . After a series of exchanges with Storm through Facebook , she said she would be keen to marry the cleric , according to Storm . He sent word back to al-Awlaki in Yemen , and on December 11 , 2009 , the cleric got in touch , asking for more information . In a follow-up message three days later , according to Storm , al-Awlaki relayed this message to her : "  I will make a few things clear . Firstly , I do n't live in a fixed location , and therefore my living conditions are varied . Sometimes I live in a tent . Secondly , I sometimes have to live isolated from others , which means that I and my family can not meet other people . If you can live in these difficult conditions , and do not mind solitude and restrictions in your communication with the outside world , it is excellent . " Al-Awlaki may have expected his living conditions to deteriorate . A few days later -- on Christmas Day 2009 -- a Nigerian student recruited by al-Awlaki in Yemen tried to blow up an airliner over Detroit with an explosive device hidden in his underwear . The attack would bring new urgency to efforts to track down al-Awlaki . Read more : ` Underwear bomber ' moved to ` Supermax ' prison At some point , Storm told PET that he was in contact with a woman willing to marry al-Awlaki . The Danes , he told Jyllands Posten , contacted the CIA , which saw an opportunity to try to find the terrorist cleric . The plan the CIA and PET settled on , according to Storm , was to plant a tracking device in Aminah 's suitcase . "  It was intended that she could lead us to Anwar . PET was there all along , and knew the consequences if the plan succeeded , namely that al-Awlaki likely would be killed , and that there was a risk that Aminah would also go up in smoke , " Storm told Jyllands Posten . On February 17 , 2010 , al-Awlaki got in touch with Storm suggesting he meet Aminah : "  If you visit her , I can upload a video recording of myself as  an  encrypted file , and you can get her to hear it , so she is sure that  it  is me , " the cleric wrote . In a follow-up message several days later , al-Awlaki told Storm to tell Aminah his living conditions had improved . Read more : Security official for U.S. Embassy in Yemen killed "  I currently do not live in a tent , but in a house  that  belongs to a friend . I 'm not leaving the house , and am in a situation for my wife to be with me all the time . I prefer this residence  to  a tent in the mountains , because it gives me ability to read , write and research . " Storm says that after receiving that message , he met with his PET and CIA handlers in the Danish town of Helsingor . He says a longtime CIA contact in Denmark called Jed and a CIA official who had flown in from Washington and called himself Alex were present . Storm told Jyllands Posten that with CIA operatives shadowing him , he traveled to Vienna , Austria , and on March 8 , 2010 , he met Aminah outside the international bus station in the city center . Storm said he was left in little doubt about her devotion to al-Awlaki . "  Do you know the consequences ? " he said he asked her . "  Yes , I 'm ready , " Aminah replied . Storm said that at al-Awlaki 's request , he showed her how to send encrypted e-mail communications by downloading jihadist encryption software . At a second meeting in Vienna , Storm showed Aminah a short video recording made by al-Awlaki , who was dressed in white robes in front of a pink background with a floral motif . "  This recording is done specifically for Sister Aminah at her request ... I pray Allah guides to that which is best for you in this life and in the hereafter . And guides you to choose what is better for you regarding this proposal , " al-Awlaki said , in a section posted on the Jyllands Posten website . Storm said Aminah burst into tears when she heard these words . Read more about Al Qaeda on CNN 's Security Clearance blog She then recorded two short videos for al-Awlaki . In the first video , she wore a full black veil with just her face visible . Speaking in heavily accented English , she said : "  I will accept everything that is needed to do now this way that I have chosen and inshallah Allah will help us . " In the second video , Aminah took off her veil and said : "  Brother , it 's me without the scarf , so you can see my hair ... I hope you are happy with me , inshallah , " according to Jyllands Posten . At the same meeting , Storm handed Aminah a suitcase that had been rigged with a tracking device . On May 18 , 2010 , Storm traveled to Vienna a third time to buy Aminah 's plane ticket to Yemen and hand over $ 3,000 in cash on behalf of al-Awlaki , he told Jyllands Posten . Aminah and the suitcase arrived in Sanaa at the beginning of June , and Storm 's work was done . Two days later , one of his Danish intelligence handlers texted him : "  Congratulations brother , you just got rich , very rich , " Jyllands Posten published the text Sunday on its website . Storm said that on June 9 , 2010 , a CIA agent handed him a briefcase at a Crowne Plaza hotel near Copenhagen , Denmark . "  What 's the code ? " Storm asked . "  Try 007 , " the agent responded . Inside was $ 250,000 . But the plot did n't work . Aminah spent several weeks in Sanaa , and then a messenger arrived to arrange her travel to meet al-Awlaki . For security reasons -- among them concerns about tracking devices -- she was told to leave her suitcase behind . Aminah and al-Awlaki married shortly afterward . Al-Awlaki sent Storm a message thanking him for arranging the marriage . She had not only lived up to expectations , al-Awlaki wrote in a message viewed by Jyllands Posten , but was " ... . much better ! " Last year , when Storm returned to Yemen on what he described as another mission for Danish intelligence , he and al-Awlaki exchanged several messages . In one obtained by Jyllands Posten , al-Awlaki requested that Storm send products from Sanaa for his new wife , including hair conditioner . Al-Awlaki was eventually tracked down and killed in a drone strike at the end of September of last year . Storm insists it was his work that finally tracked down al-Awlaki -- using a messenger carrying a USB memory stick that included a tracking device . Analysis : Al Qaeda 's rock star no more But in a conversation taped by Storm at a Helsingor hotel late last year , an American called Michael insisted that a separate stream of intelligence had led to al-Awlaki . Storm did n't believe him . "  I am convinced that the CIA seized the messenger ... but the Americans apparently wo n't recognize that it was an agent of PET and the small country , Denmark , which led to the detection of Anwar , " he told Jyllands Posten . After al-Awlaki 's death , Aminah continued to communicate with Storm through encrypted messages , unaware that he had been working with Western intelligence . A few months ago , she said she was working on Inspire , the online magazine of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP . She also suggested she wanted to be involved in a terrorist attack , according to Jyllands Posten . "  I would be making a martyr operation , but Sheikh Basir  al Wuhayshi , the emir of AQAP  said that the sisters so far  can  not carry out operations because it will mean a lot of problems for them ... so I can not perform operation . ... I want to be killed the same way as my husband was ... Insha'Allah , " she wrote . Aminah 's whereabouts today are unknown . CNN has been in touch with Storm , who is in hiding after several death threats from militant Islamists who were once his comrades . Read more : U.S. killing of al-Awlaki prompts moral , legal debate	Danish newspaper says agent Morten Storm offered to help find al-Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki The plot involved finding the cleric a Western wife , putting a tracking device in her suitcase The plot was apparently foiled when the woman left the suitcase behind Al-Awlaki was later killed in a U.S. drone strike
Tony Scott , the British film director behind films such as "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II , " had an anti-depressant and a sleep aid in his system when he jumped to his death this summer , the Los Angeles County coroner 's department announced Monday . Scott died August 19 after jumping off the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro , California , into the Pacific Ocean , and an autopsy was conducted the next day . The county coroner 's department determined the final cause of his death was "  multiple blunt force injuries , " with drowning another "  significant " factor . Toxicology tests , meanwhile , indicated that Scott had a therapeutic level of mirtazapine  Remeron  , which is an anti-depressant , and zopiclone  Lunesta  , a sleep aid His death initially led to reports that the director suffered from inoperable brain cancer , but his family disputed he was ailing . The 68-year-old wrote two notes before his death , including a message left in his Los Angeles office for family members , a coroner official said . A second note detailing contact information was found in his Toyota Prius parked nearby , but the notes did not provide a motive for why he took the suicidal plunge , authorities said . Nor did they mention any health issues , Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . Born Anthony D.L. Scott in North Shields , England , in 1944 , the director got his start as a teenager in front of the camera , starring in his older brother Ridley Scott 's film "  Boy and Bicycle . " In 1995 , the two joined forces to create the production company Scott Free Productions . Director Tony Scott : An appreciation Tony Scott became a household name in 1986 as director of the megahit "  Top Gun , " starring Tom Cruise and Kelly McGillis , which he followed up the next year with the Eddie Murphy action movie "  Beverly Hills Cop II . " He cemented his reputation for big-budget action films with 1990 's "  Revenge " starring Kevin Costner and "  Days of Thunder " with Tom Cruise . In 1998 , he directed "  Enemy of the State " with actors Will Smith and Gene Hackman . Despite the theatrics found in many of his films , he was known around Hollywood for his low-key demeanor . "  He was n't a showy kind of guy , " longtime entertainment reporter Jeanne Wolf said . His unexplained death shocked stars who worked with him on a long list of successful movies over the past three decades . Denzel Washington , who starred in several Scott-directed thrillers , including 2010 's "  Unstoppable , " said it was "  unfathomable to think that he is now gone . " "  He had a tremendous passion for life and for the art of filmmaking and was able to share this passion with all of us through his cinematic brilliance , " Washington said . While Scott 's movies garnered box office success , they never received the acclaim that generated Academy Award nominations . In 2002 , Tony and Ridley Scott won an Emmy for the television movie "  The Gathering Storm . " He also was nominated for the Emmy as a producer for the CBS drama "  The Good Wife . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	British film director Tony Scott jumped off a bridge to his death on August 19 The coroner says Scott died of blunt force injuries and drowning He had the anti-depressant Remeron and sleep aid Lunesta in his system
CNN  -- Director Paul Feig might find himself leading a "  Ghostbusters " reboot with an all-female cast , according to reports from Variety and The Hollywood Reporter . Feig , who helmed high-performing , female-led comedies "  Bridesmaids " and "  The Heat , " is said to have caught the eye of studio Sony to direct a new "  Ghostbusters " film . It would be a reboot of the comedy , with actresses taking on the lead "  Ghostbuster " roles . According to Variety , it 's unclear whether this project would take the place of the previously announced "  Ghostbusters 3 " movie , or if this is a separate project altogether . "  Ghostbusters 3 " was announced in 2011 , and Sony 's Columbia Pictures told Vanity Fair in June 2014 that it 's "  currently working hard to re-create the magic of the original in order to bring a new ` Ghostbusters ' adventure to life . " Still , the project has n't been without its stumbling blocks . Bill Murray has declined to participate , the script has changed hands , and the passing of "  Ghostbusters " star and co-writer Harold Ramis in February 2014 was another blow . Following Ramis ' death , director Ivan Reitman , who helmed both 1984 's "  Ghostbusters " and 1989 's "  Ghostbusters II , " decided not to direct the third "  Ghostbusters " feature but has remained with the movie as a producer . While reports warn that no formal negotiations between Feig and the studio have taken place , it does seem that Feig is intrigued by the idea . On Twitter over the weekend , he re-tweeted reaction to the news that he could lead an all-female "  Ghostbusters , " and also appeared to respond to those who 've scoffed at the all-women concept as a "  gimmick . " "  Interesting how making a movie with men in the lead roles is normal but making a movie with women in the lead roles is a ` gimmick , ' " Feig tweeted with the hashtag , " #its2014 . " See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Director Paul Feig might lead a new "  Ghostbusters " movie It would be a reboot of the movie , and have an all-female cast Feig has tweeted reaction to the speculation
CNN  -- With the under-construction One World Trade Center fast approaching its final height , President Barack Obama visited the New York tower Thursday to get an update on its growth and help prepare one of the finishing touches . "  It looks beautiful , " the president said to first lady Michelle Obama as they stood at a window on the 22nd floor and looked down on the National September 11 Memorial and Museum being built below . Obama flew into New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport in the late afternoon and traveled by motorcade to the construction site for a briefing on the building , currently 104 stories and 1,300 feet tall -- already the tallest structure in New York . A view from above : How WTC workers prepared for Obama He was joined by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . Obama also visited with workers representing over 60 labor unions working on the site as he signed one of the final steel beams to be installed as part of the building 's framework at the top of the tower . "  We could n't be prouder of you guys , " Obama told them . "  This is what the American spirit is all about . " According to reporters at the scene , Obama wrote on the steel beam : "  We remember we rebuild we come back stronger ! Barack Obama " The visit to the Lower Manhattan site is Obama 's fourth . He last visited it in September to mark the 10-year anniversary of the 2001 attacks by al Qaeda that killed more than 2,000 people and destroyed the twin towers of the World Trade Center . Under construction since 2006 , One World Trade Center surpassed the Empire State Building  1,250 feet  as the city 's tallest structure in April . The tower 's builders say it will surpass Chicago 's Willis Tower as the tallest building in the United States , with a final height of 1,776 feet -- a nod to the year of the Declaration of Independence . One World Trade Center is expected to be completed next year or in early 2014 . Obama 's visit was the first of his three New York stops on Thursday . He 'll attend two fundraisers in the evening -- including one at the residence of actress Sarah Jessica Parker -- before he returns to Washington late Thursday night . CNN 's Poppy Harlow , George Lerner and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	"  It looks beautiful , " President Obama says about National September 11 Memorial Obama signs a steel beam to be placed at the top of the tower It is Obama 's fourth visit to the site One World Trade Center is expected to be completed next year or in early 2014
CNN  -- Life is difficult . Death used to be simple . You simply died , and that was it . Now , in the modern era of high-tech medicine , death is difficult , too . The predicament facing Nelson Mandela , who has been critically ill for the past five weeks and turns 95 on Thursday , brings into sharp focus an important question that eventually affects all of us . How do we want to die ? Mandela is one of the most influential and important people on Earth , but nothing about his situation is unique or special . Intensivists -- those doctors who specialize in intensive care patients -- will tell you that every day thousands of people all over the world are going through the same thing . Playing out the end game , many of them are stuck on a ventilator with a slim to vanishing chance of ever getting back to the life they knew and loved . Modern society is confronting a tragic , silent epidemic of frail elderly people who suffer needlessly at the end of life because of unwanted life support . These folks are effectively left to die a slow death connected to machines . As a critical care specialist who has seen this process play out many times , it can be agonizing to witness . How did we end up here ? Why has death become so complicated ? Modern medicine is powerful , but it is a double-edged sword . The way we can bring people back from the brink of death is truly amazing . There is nothing more satisfying professionally than having a grateful patent walk back into the ICU after surviving a near-death experience . But more often , for very old people , aggressive life support does n't work out so well . Prolonged ICU care often gradually evolves into a checkmate situation . Intensivists know what it usually means when the condition of an elderly person hospitalized for weeks is described as "  critical but stable . " After weeks of aggressive support , the patient still can not survive off the ventilator . When this happens , the muscles start to wither away from a condition called ICU-acquired myopathy . Little may seem to be happening , but as the body inevitably continues to weaken , a relentless series of secondary complications will ensue , such as pneumonia , delirium and failure of the circulatory system or kidneys . In most cases , patients need to be continuously sedated to minimize obvious pain and suffering . When do you stop ? How do you stop ? And who decides ? These are the wrenching issues that confront the family . The fundamental question is this : When is it time to accept the inevitability of death , change the goal of care to comfort , and let the patient have peace ? It used to be that doctors struggled with withdrawing life support , or would n't even consider it . At the height of the Jack Kevorkian era in the mid-1990s the chairman of our hospital ethics committee , a good friend and colleague , told me that withdrawing life support should always be difficult and make me uncomfortable . I could n't have agreed less , but I did n't tell him . Thankfully over the years , his views and those of most physicians have changed . Unlike my generation , medical students are now trained in ethics and palliative care . More patients have advance directives and living wills . Every intensivist will tell you that withdrawing life support and helping someone "  make the transition " with comfort and dignity is one of the most satisfying and useful things that they can do . But despite this progress , there is still a fundamental disconnect . The epidemic of futile support at the end-of-life persists . The major reason is a perfect storm created by the power of modern medical technology , our cultural emphasis on patient autonomy and the innate human tendency to deny and hide from the reality of death . Death is scary and makes us uncomfortable . Modern culture has insulated us from witnessing death . We are out of touch with the life cycle . We deny death . We also believe that the patient should call the shots and get the care he or she wants . But what happens when the patient can no longer express his or her wishes ? Spouses , children and family are forced to make life-and-death decisions that they never volunteered to make , sometimes may not be equipped to make , or unrealistically assumed they would never have to make . But make no mistake : Unless death is sudden , one day you will need to decide when to allow someone you love to die , and someone will have to make that decision for you . Intensivists often hear this : "  I know my dad would n't want this , but I just ca n't bring myself to do it . " Advance directives or a living will do not necessarily mean you will get the end-of-life care that you want . This is because withdrawing life support depends on your decision-makers , usually your loved ones , understanding and believing that you are past the point of no return . It depends on accepting death . Mandela fought for freedom all of his life , and the world does not want to lose him . Now all we can hope for is that he is comfortable , and getting the care that he would want . If and when the day comes that he has fought long enough , it will be OK to let him be free . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephan A. Mayer .	Stephan Mayer : Critically ill for five weeks , Mandela makes us think of how we want to die Mayer : There 's an epidemic of people suffering as they die hooked up to machines He says we deny death , are scared , do n't want loved ones to go , allow medicine to prolong life Mayer : One day you might need to decide when to allow someone you love to die
CNN  -- The slaying of one of Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's best friends in September 2011 is now being reviewed by a "  wider group of eyes , "  a source close to the Boston bombing investigation tells CNN . The killings of Brendan Mess and two others -- all of whom had their throats slit -- in Waltham , Massachusetts , remain unsolved . The Middlesex County district attorney 's office said at the time that the three victims were killed by "  sharp force injuries of the neck . " District Attorney Gerry Leone said days after the crime that the victims and two unknown perpetrators appeared to know each other and that it was not a random crime . No suspects were named or arrests made in the case . Tsarnaev and Mess were sparring partners at a local gym , and the source tells CNN investigators believe he was one of the last people to see Mess alive . Aunt reveals clue to Tamerlan 's trip to Russia Investigators of the crime reported at the time that the heads of the three victims were pulled back and their throats slit ear to ear with great force . Marijuana was spread over the bodies in a "  symbolic gesture , " and several thousand dollars in cash was found at the scene . On Monday , Middlesex County District Attorney 's spokeswoman Mary Beth Long told CNN , "  We will review any new information that may come to light in  the triple homicide  as a result of the investigation into alleged marathon bombing suspect Tamarlen Tsarnaev . " Long said the case has always been an open investigation and that they continue to follow all leads . A sister of one of the victims told CNN that she has been recently contacted by investigators in the case . "  She 's meeting with them next week , " said CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield . "  Investigators on that case are meeting with her and have been speaking with her since Saturday . Not only that , she confirms to me that the same detectives are still on that case and that they are detectives that she has spoken with in the past . " Uncle : Cambridge friend ` brainwashed him completely ' The sister , who requested to remain anonymous , said investigators have been very interested in trying to determine if there is any relationship between her brother and Tsarnaev , Banfield said . "  She could n't really enlighten these detectives at all because she felt her brother was n't a friend or acquaintance at all of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , " Banfield said . But the sister said she hopes the new interest will lead to her brother 's case being solved .	Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's friend and sparring partner was killed in 2011 The friend , Brendan Mess , and two others had their throats slit Source : The crime is being reviewed by "  wider group of eyes "
CNN  -- The uncertainty of the economy is making almost everyone nervous about money . Some are wondering what will happen to their homes while others are terrified about never getting out of debt . Ali Velshi responds to CNN viewers ' questions about personal finance on "  The Help Line with Ali Velshi . " CNN 's Chief Business Correspondent Ali Velshi answers viewers ' money questions on "  The Help Line with Ali Velshi . " The following is an edited version of the program . Linda in Kentucky : We have two different adjustable rate mortgages on our house and we 're starting to get threatening letters about the smaller mortgage . Can the smaller mortgage start foreclosure procedures before the larger one ? Ali Velshi : The first mortgage is the first lien against your house . They can actually start foreclosure procedures on the smaller mortgage but it 's not typical because the first mortgage holder is going to want to protect its assets . E-mail your own questions to Ali If you 're getting threatening letters , the first thing you need to do is be in constant contact with them . Letters that do n't get responded to escalate and once they 've started foreclosure procedures it 's much harder to get out of it . Judy in Warren , Michigan : I am trying to pay off my four credit cards and I want to totally shut down the three of them that -LSB- charge -RSB- annual fees . ... What will this do to my credit rating ? Velshi : If you close a credit card account , you need to make it clear on your credit report -- you may have to write a letter to them -- that it was closed by you , not that it was closed by someone else . A closed credit card account , particularly when you have a lot of debt , could look like somebody closed it on you and that could be read incorrectly . Typically , if you 've closed a credit card account and you 've paid off that balance , your amount of available credit has reduced . This means that the amount that you actually owe could be larger in proportion to the amount of your available credit and that could hurt your credit score . The bottom line is you can eliminate the balances on those credit cards if you have the discipline not to spend . This keeps your available credit there and does n't hurt your credit score . But some people need to literally cut up that card and have the account closed so they do n't run up balances on it . It 's better to pay off your credit card debt regardless of what you 're planning to do with the credit card . Terae in North Carolina : My wife and I are thinking about taking advantage of the economy and investing in a property . I 'm a risk-taker and want to buy two properties but my wife does n't want to buy any . We do n't have any debt , so should we take advantage of this opportunity or do something more conservative ? Velshi : You 're in a great situation . Properties tend to be a good investment over time . It kind of depends on where you 're buying and what kind of property . But you have to be prepared to handle the nuances of owning a property : the upkeep it 's going to take and the fact that you could sit around without renting it for some time . Watch Ali Velshi talk about money " I 'm not sure I 'm a big fan of money being invested in something that 's not getting you some returns . I do n't see the point of buying a property and keeping it vacant unless you absolutely know it 's going to skyrocket in value -- and remember what happened the last few years with people who absolutely knew it was going to skyrocket in value . I would read a good book on it . Buying a property is a good option but there are many other forms of investments that will satisfy your need for risk and perhaps make your wife feel less exposed .	Velshi : If your mortgage holder sends threatening letters , stay in contact with them Not using credit card accounts may benefit your credit score more than closing them Buying property is a good option but other investments may be less risky , he says
CNN  -- Michigan authorities are pursuing a new lead in the case of the infamous Oakland County child killer who abducted and murdered at least four boys and girls in the 1970s . "  We would be thrilled if this is the one piece of evidence that we are looking for to give closure to the families , but we want to do our due diligence " said Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw . Parts of a blue AMC Gremlin with a white stripe were unearthed at a construction site in Grand Blanc Township on Monday . The car matches the description of a vehicle seen near the scene of one of the kidnappings . New DNA work may offer break in slayings "  We received an anonymous tip of car parts recovered in the excavation of a new homes subdivision , " Shaw told CNN . "  There was that blue colored Gremlin with the white stripe down the side of it . We sent out our crime lab from Bridgeport to investigate and see what the situation was . "  Right now we are continuing to excavate the site to see if there is any more evidence we can locate , " Shaw said . The Oakland County Child Killer Task Force was also notified , Shaw added . The search for the serial killer has lasted for more than 36 years . Police agencies have pursued some 20,000 tips in the hunt for the perpetrator of the unsolved murders , which took place over a 13-month period between 1976 and 1977 . Mark Stebbins was 12 when he was abducted in Ferndale on February 15 , 1976 . His body was found nearly a year later . Jill Robinson was also 12 when she was kidnapped on December 22 , 1976 . Her body was found four days later . Kristin Mihelich was 10 when she disappeared in Berkley on January 2 , 1977 , and her body was found later that month . Timothy King was 11 when he vanished in Birmingham on March 16 , 1977 . His body was found one week later . Several other children who went missing or were killed during that time may period also may have been victims of the Oakland County child killer , according to the task force . Shaw cautioned that this new lead may turn up empty . "  We 're not sure if this has anything to do with it , " he said . "  In Michigan , this used to be farm land so it was common for farmers to bury their scrap metal . Since this is a vehicle that we have been looking for for years , we will make sure if it 's part of the crime scene or is n't , and rule it out . "  The evidence has been in the ground for some time so we may never put it back together . " Baby-killing nurse set to walk free	Four children , maybe more , were victims of a serial killer in the '70s Michigan police are looking at car parts buried on farmland The parts were discovered during construction for new homes
CNN  -- Ethan Fisher is small for his age . The 8-year-old looks 6 , though his natural athleticism aids him on the baseball field . He 's outgoing and spontaneous -- a bundle of energy with big blue eyes and a welcoming smile . You 'd never guess from looking at him that Ethan has Fanconi Anemia , a rare blood disorder that may one day kill him . "  He 's the ask-for-forgiveness child , " his dad , Florida State University head football coach Jimbo Fisher , says with a laugh . The FSU Seminoles have had an outstanding year . They 're undefeated at 13-0 . Their quarterback , Jameis Winston , recently won the 2013 Heisman trophy . The team is set to play Auburn in the BCS National Championship Game on January 6 . Basically , Jimbo Fisher is on fire . "  I love what I do , " he says . "  The more success I have , the more awareness I can bring to this disease . " In December 2010 , Ethan fell ill with the flu . The Fishers were visiting family in Alabama , so his mom took Ethan to an urgent care clinic . A blood test revealed his platelet count was low . Probably nothing to worry about , the doctors told Candi Fisher . Just follow up on it when you get home . A few months later , Ethan was diagnosed with Fanconi Anemia . "  All we knew about the disease was what we looked up online , " Jimbo says . "  It was all the worse-case scenario . We thought it was a complete death sentence . "  That day was ... " After a moment , he finds the word : "  devastation . " Fanconi Anemia is an inherited blood disorder that affects about 1 in every 130,000 people , says Dr. Margaret MacMillan , a pediatric hematologist oncologist at University of Minnesota Amplatz Children 's Hospital . Patients with Fanconi Anemia ca n't repair their DNA . When their bodies make new cells , they come with mistakes -- big ones that can lead to birth defects , bone marrow failure and cancer . Acute myelogenous leukemia is seen 15,000 times more often in FA patients than it 's seen in children in the general population . FA patients are also more at risk for head and neck , breast , and brain cancers . Close to 100 % need bone marrow transplants before they reach adulthood . Other than stunted growth , Ethan did n't show any external signs of Fanconi Anemia , MacMillan says . About 60 % of cases present with a birth defect , such as a shortened thumb . But the average pediatrician will see only one or two cases in a career , and it 's difficult to diagnose . "  Most patients go into full bone marrow failure before they ever find out , " she says . When he was diagnosed in 2011 , doctors estimated Ethan would need a bone marrow transplant in three to five years . His blood is tested every few months , and once a year the family travels to Minnesota to get a bone marrow biopsy . "  It 's hard ... for the parents , because he 's a ticking time bomb , " MacMillan says . A bone marrow transplant will buy Ethan more time , but it 's not a cure . And the procedure itself is dangerous , requiring up to a year of recovery . "  Time is n't really on our side , or anybody 's side , with this disease , " Candi says . The prognosis for Fanconi Anemia patients is difficult to predict , MacMillan says . Research suggests the average lifespan is between 20 and 30 years , but the data are based on past success rates for bone marrow transplants . When MacMillan started at the Minnesota hospital 16 years ago , the survival rate after a bone marrow transplant was about 20 % , she says . Now it 's 85 % . The Fishers created the nonprofit Kidz1stFund shortly after Ethan 's diagnosis to increase awareness and raise money for research about Fanconi Anemia . In September , Jimbo joined forces with Paul Chryst , head coach at the University of Pittsburgh , to promote his cause . Players from both teams wore "  I fight Fanconi " decals on the backs of their helmets during the televised Labor Day game . "  We thought , we can go private with this and keep it within , or we can go out publicly and not only help Ethan , but help all those kids who do n't have a voice -- whose dads are n't the head football coach , " Jimbo says . To date , Kidz1stFund has given more than $ 1.5 million to MacMillan 's program . Donations stream in from all over the country . Most are in $ 100 or $ 200 amounts from fans who hear about Ethan and want to help . But the donation Candi remembers best came from former FSU player Andrew Datko , who gave $ 5 the night the foundation 's PayPal account was set up . "  Five dollars to him was a lot of money because those players rely on their program money heavily , " she says . "  It touched my heart . " The FSU players have been "  unbelievable , " Jimbo says . They 've all signed up for the bone marrow donor registry . Several have already donated bone marrow to help another child in need . And they 're great with Ethan , who is doing his best to live life as a normal kid . His parents have told him about his Fanconi Anemia , but have n't explained the seriousness of the disease . "  He 's very aware that all of these people have come together and are trying to help , " Candi says . "  He has the rest of his life to worry . " Through the foundation , the Fishers have met other families who 've been through similar struggles . A 15-year-old who has n't yet gone into bone marrow failure gave Candi hope that Ethan could hold out a few more years . A practicing attorney named Christopher showed the Fishers that FA patients can live well into their 30s if the bone marrow transplant is successful . And Logan Stevenson , the 2-year-old who served as his parents ' best man before passing away in August , cemented their resolve to do everything they can to fight Fanconi Anemia . "  God put us on this path for a reason , " Candi says , "  And I do n't feel he 's going to let us down . " For Jimbo , that means winning as many football games as possible to keep FSU -- and Kidz1stFund -- in the spotlight . "  Oh , we 're definitely going to try to win the championship . "	FSU head coach Jimbo Fisher 's son has Fanconi Anemia , a rare blood disorder Fanconi Anemia affects 1 in every 130,000 people Almost all FA patients need bone marrow transplants before they reach adulthood The prognosis for Ethan Fisher is hard to predict , due to old data
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is a Somalia-born writer , activist , and former member of the Dutch Parliament . She is an outspoken advocate for women 's rights in Islamic society and a strong critic of Muslim extremism . Outspoken critic of Islam , Ayaan Hirsi Ali Hirsi Ali fled to the Netherlands in 1992 to escape an arranged marriage in Africa , and served as a member of the Dutch parliament from 2003 to 2006 . In parliament , she promoted the integration of non-Western immigrants into Dutch society and defending the rights of women in Dutch Muslim society . In 2004 , she worked with the late director Theo Van Gogh on the film "  Submission , " which highlighted the oppression of women in conservative Islamic societies . The airing of the film on Dutch television resulted in the assassination of Mr. Van Gogh by an Islamic extremist , and she went into hiding . Her memoir , "  Infidel , " published in 2007 , recounts her decision to denounce Islam and become an atheist , and her transformation , she says , from "  the world of faith to the world of reason . " Ayaan was named one of Time Magazine 's "  100 Most Influential People of 2005 , " one of the Glamour Heroes of 2005 , and Reader 's Digest 's "  European of the Year . " She has also received Norway 's Human Rights Service 's Bellwether of the Year Award , the Danish Freedom Prize , the Swedish Democracy Prize , and the Moral Courage Award for commitment to conflict resolution , ethics , and world citizenship .	Hirsi Ali is an outspoken advocate for women 's rights in Islamic society Somali-born activist went into hiding after death of Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh Hirsi Ali served as Dutch lawmaker from 2003 to 2006 She was Anamed one of Time Magazine 's "  100 Most Influential People of 2005
London  CNN  Mohamedou Slahi was wearing black-out goggles . A guard dragged him onto a boat and someone forced him to drink seawater . "  It was so nasty I threw up ... They stuffed the air between my clothes and me with ice cubes from my neck to my ankles ... every once in a while one of the guards smashed me , most of the time in the face . " In a new book Guantnamo Diary , Slahi paints a horrifying picture of life at the hands of interrogators in the notorious U.S. military prison in Cuba . The book depicts long days in isolation , sometimes chained to the floor in agonizing positions , held in extreme temperatures , often deprived of food and sleep . On multiple occasions he describes being beaten and humiliated by his questioners . He says he was left "  shaking like a Parkinson 's patient " and felt one of his interrogators "  was literally executing me but in a slow way . " The 44-year-old electrical engineer , originally from Mauritania , has been held in Guantnamo Bay since 2002 . He was accused of being a member of al Qaeda and of recruiting three of the hijackers in the 9/11 terrorist attacks , as well as being involved in other terror plots in Canada and the United States . He 's never been charged and his lawyers say there is very little evidence against him . Slahi admits to traveling to Afghanistan to fight in the early 1990s , when the U.S. was supporting the mujahedeen in their fight against the Soviet Union . He pledged allegiance to al Qaeda in 1991 but claims he broke ties with the group shortly after . The U.S. military continues to hold Slahi as an enemy combatant under the Authorization for the Use of Military Force of 2001 informed by the laws of war , according to Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Myles Caggins . Guantnamo Diary is the first published account from a serving detainee which is being made available to the public . Slahi hand-wrote the manuscript in his cell in 2005 and it took nearly seven years for Slahi 's lawyers to get it approved for release . He describes his first few years of detention in what he calls his "  endless world tour " of interrogation from Mauritania , to Jordan , to Afghanistan and finally Cuba . In his early years at Guantnamo , Slahi was exposed to a number of special interrogation techniques that were personally signed off by then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , according to reports by the Armed Services Committee and the Department of Justice . That included sensory and sleep deprivation , designed to grind him down , which wreaked havoc on his physical and mental health . "  I could n't tell a thing about days going by or time passing ; my time consisted of a crazy darkness all the time , " Slahi writes . "  I was starved for long periods and then given food but not given time to eat ... "  You have three minutes . Eat ! " a guard would yell at me , and then after about half a minute he would grab the plate . "  You 're done ! " " . Slahi says the brutality reached a peak in late 2003 . "  I thought they were going to execute me , " Slahi writes . "  Thanks to the beating I was n't able to stand , so -LSB- redacted -RSB- and the other guard dragged me out with my toes tracing the way and threw me in the truck , which immediately took off . The beating party would go on for the next three or four hours . " This period culminated in him being taken on a boat ride during which he was blindfolded and he says beaten for several hours . It was during this time that Slahi says he began to make false confessions in order to stop the torture . At one point he says to his interrogator "  Just tell me the right answer . Is it good to say yes or to say no ? " Responding to Slahi 's allegations of torture , Caggins , the Pentagon spokesman , pointed to a number of investigations into Guantnamo detainee treatment . Many of Slahi 's claims are corroborated by reports published by the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee and the Department of Justice in 2008 . The boat incident which Slahi describes in detail is mentioned in both reports , although neither provide complete details about what happened during this trip . Caggins also said "  Slahi is eligible to appear before a Periodic Review Board to assess whether his continued detention at Guantanamo remains necessary . " Even in its published form , portions of Slahi 's account are redacted . The U.S. Department of Defense says this was necessary to protect U.S. personnel and national security . In some sections of the book , several pages at a time are completely blacked out . Slahi 's lawyers hope the book will build pressure on the government to finally let him go . In 2010 a district court judge ruled he was being held unlawfully and ordered his immediate release . But the government appealed that decision and the case has been in legal limbo ever since . "  Unfortunately for the government -- and fortunately for the rest of us -- these secrets are out now , " Slahi 's lawyer , Nancy Hollander , told CNN . "  The United States ca n't keep secret these things that it does any longer -- and it needs to close Guantanamo . It 's as simple as that . " When U.S. President Barack Obama took office in 2008 he promised to close Guantnamo , but as he enters his seventh year in the White House 122 prisoners remain . At its peak there were more than 700 . In Tuesday 's State of the Union address Obama said his administration will work to finally "  finish the job " and close it down . "  As Americans , we have a profound commitment to justice - so it makes no sense to spend $ 3 million per prisoner to keep open a prison that the world condemns and terrorists use to recruit , " Obama said . "  I will not relent in my determination to shut it down . It 's not who we are . It 's time to close Gitmo . "	Mohamedou Slahi 's harrowing story is the first time a serving Gitmo inmate has been published He describes beatings , sensory deprivation and starvation He was originally detained in 2002 , accused of recruiting 9/11 hijackers His lawyers say there is very little evidence against him
CNN  -- Rapid-fire TV news bulletins or getting updates via social-networking tools such as Twitter could numb our sense of morality and make us indifferent to human suffering , scientists say . Scientists say updates on networking tools such as Twitter are often too quick for the brain to fully digest . New findings show that the streams of information provided by social networking sites are too fast for the brain 's "  moral compass " to process and could harm young people 's emotional development . Before the brain can fully digest the anguish and suffering of a story , it is being bombarded by the next news bulletin or the latest Twitter update , according to a University of Southern California study . "  If things are happening too fast , you may not ever fully experience emotions about other people 's psychological states and that would have implications for your morality , " said researcher Mary Helen Immordino-Yang . The report , published next week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition , studied how volunteers responded to real-life stories chosen to stimulate admiration for virtue or skill , or compassion for physical or social pain . iReport.com : Growing pains for Twitter , Facebook ? Brain scans showed humans can process and respond very quickly to signs of physical pain in others , but took longer to show admiration or compassion . "  For some kinds of thought , especially moral decision-making about other people 's social and psychological situations , we need to allow for adequate time and refection , " said Immordio-Yang . She said the study raises questions about the emotional cost , particularly for young people , of heavy reliance on a torrent of news snippets delivered via TV and online feeds such as Twitter . She said : "  We need to understand how social experience shapes interactions between the body and mind , to produce citizens with a strong moral compass . " USC sociologist Manuel Castells said the study raised more concerns over fast-moving TV than the online environment . "  In a media culture in which violence and suffering becomes an endless show , be it in fiction or in infotainment , indifference to the vision of human suffering gradually sets in . " Research leader Antonio Damasio , director of USC 's Brain and Creativity Institute , said the findings stressed the need for slower delivery of the news , and highlighted the importance of slow-burn emotions like admiration . Damasio cited the example of U.S. President Barack Obama , who says he was inspired by his father , to show how admiration can be key to cultural success . "  We actually separate the good from the bad in great part thanks to the feeling of admiration . It 's a deep physiological reaction that 's very important to define our humanity . " Twitter , which allows users to swap messages and links of 140-characters or less , says on its Web site that it sees itself as a solution to information overload , rather than a cause of it . This function , It says , "  means you can step in and out of the flow of information as it suits you and it never queues up with increasing demand of your attention . "	USC study says rapid-fire Twitter and news updates are too fast for brain Scans show humans respond rapidly to pain , but not compassion , admiration Scientists say reliance on news snippets could harm moral compass
CNN  -- Aquatic ecologist Magdy Khalil has the most unusual of jobs . He 's traveling from community to community along the river Nile , teaching Egyptian fishermen and farmers about the American crayfish . Procambarus Clarkii : A blight , but maybe also a boon for Egypt 's Nile . That 's because Egypt 's best-known river is suffering from a crayfish invasion . Procambarus Clarkii to be exact . It 's a native of Louisiana and relatively new to Egypt . Now it 's clawing and burrowing is damaging Nile river fishing and farming industries . "  In the 1980 's somebody came to me and said that there was a new creature in the river Nile , " says Khalil . "  After two days of examination , we determined it was the fresh water crayfish . It has no natural predator in the Nile . " With no natural predator , scientists say , the crayfish was free to roam from where the Nile meets Egypt 's Mediterranean coast , down toward the arid nation 's border with Sudan . The Nile 's warm waters and abundant food supply helped the crayfish evolve , Khalil says , to reproduce at twice the rate of other species . Food supply , Egyptian scientists argue , is the source of the problem - and oddly , a possible solution to a growing crayfish threat . Nile fishermen despise the crayfish because it uses powerful double claws to cut through nets , and then help themselves to the catch of the day . "  In an hour , a half hour - just ten minutes - the crayfish can claw my fish to death , " says Salah Zayed a 56-year old fisherman who says he 's been tossing his nets into the Nile since he was a child . "  My catch is worthless . " The Procambarus Clarkii species can also burrow up to three feet underground . Ain Shams University researchers say the crayfish infestation of burrows is causing segments of the Nile Delta 's water canal network to collapse . In a country where temperatures can soar above 105 degrees Fahrenheit , water is too precious an agricultural resource to leave to threat from small-clawed crustacean . Many Egyptians so despite the crayfish , it is known locally as "  the cockroach of the Nile . " Theories on just how the American crayfish found its way to the Middle East have reached urban legend status . But it is widely accepted by scientists studying the crayfish invasion that this all started when an Egyptian businessman attempted to expand his fish farm industry by investing in shrimp . "  He bought what he thought were -LSB- shrimp -RSB- eggs to hatch in his fish farm , " Khalil says with a wry smile . "  When they hatched into crayfish , they ate all the fish , then burrowed through mud partitions into neighboring fish containments and ate those fish too . " As the story goes , the businessman was so enraged that he took the crayfish and dumped them in the Nile . From blight to disease defense Khalil and other researchers at Ain Shams University 's zoology department are looking at the bright side . Khalil has joined with American research institutions to determine there is an unexpected benefit to the crayfish invasion -- the crustaceans are a natural defense against bilharzia , a parasitic disease that can cause damage to human organs . Bilhariza is spread by a Nile river snail that carries the bilharzia larvae . The larvae can penetrate human skin -- most easily when people living along the Nile river wade through stagnant riverbanks . Despite decades of government awareness campaigns -- Egypt 's legendary singer Abdel Halim Hafez died of bilharzia complications in 1977 -- the water-born disease still affects millions of Egyptians . As Egyptian Bilharzia Institute researcher Karem El Homossamey walks along the Nile 's west bank outside of Cairo , he points a few Egyptian women calf-deep in the water , washing carpets . Prime candidates , he says , for catching the bilharzia infection . "  We must give more attention to public awareness -- and the importance of the crayfish to make the people of the Nile like it and put it everywhere , " El Homossamey says . El Homossamey says it 's because the bilharzia snail is the crayfish 's favorite treat . Ain Shams University ecologist research seems to back that claim . "  We put some fish , lamb , plants , dead chicken -- we found the first thing -LSB- the crayfish -RSB- selected was the snail , because the shell is very thin , " Khalil says . He argues areas of the Nile where there are more crayfish , human bilharzia infection rates are low . Khalil is telling crayfish awareness workshop participants that the crayfish is the answer to spiraling food prices . High in protein and cheap to buy , crayfish by the kilogram is making its way to Cairo 's street markets . Khalil encourages fisherman to set crayfish traps in their fishing areas , to keep the crayfish out of their nets . Sponsored by a grant from the United Nations Development Agency , Khalil 's workshops include a buffet tasting of crayfish cuisine , including a crayfish boil that could put New Orleans to shame . But judging by the frowns on the faces of some fishermen and farmers , it is clear it 's hard from some workshop participants to shake the cockroach connotation . According to the Louisiana Crayfish Promotion and Research Board , the crayfish meat industry is responsible for a $ 120million/year impact on Louisiana 's economy . Khalil says if Egypt can develop a similar industry , the profits could be considerable . "  You see in Louisiana they are eating it , cooking it -- there are many festivals for the crayfish . We need to do the same here , " Khalil says .	Imported crayfish devastating fishing catches in the Nile River Yet it could provide means to help combat spred of parasitic disease bilharzia Potential to provide new industy in Egypt if seen in more positive light
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's book roll-out the past few days has shown , as expected , that she still commands an army of rapturous fans , but the best news for her this week came from the completely unexpected : the defeat of Republican leader Eric Cantor . Rarely has a GOP primary for a seat in the House of Representatives had such wide repercussions . For Clinton , they almost all run in her favor . Consider just three : 1  Prior to the Cantor defeat , the GOP "  establishment " thought they were starting to persuade middle-of-the-road voters that their party is not hostage to the tea party . After all , GOP establishment candidates so far this year have won five of seven Senate primaries where they were challenged by tea party candidates , most notably Mitch McConnell 's victory in Kentucky . A public narrative was emerging that tea partiers remained a potent and , yes , welcome force in the GOP but that they are n't in charge . The defeat of Cantor was a thunderclap transforming the landscape . Because Cantor is perceived as a strong conservative , and yet lost to an unknown on his right , the narrative has changed : Now the story line is that the GOP base is not only angry but demands even tougher conservatism and even less compromise . All this plays directly into Clinton 's hands . If she formally declares , she can now stand before the electorate and assert with greater credibility that she -- not the GOP -- represents sensibility and moderation , a leader eager to work across the aisle . She even has greater latitude to embrace some of Elizabeth Warren 's positions , appealing to the rise of a populist left , so long as she does n't veer too far from the middle  where most voters still are  . 2  Cantor 's defeat all but extinguishes lingering hopes that Congress and President Obama can work out a bipartisan agreement on immigration reform . Two post-election polls have suggested that Cantor 's perceived openness to immigration reform was not the decisive factor in his defeat , but his opponent certainly seized on immigration as a stick to beat him over the head as an out-of-touch , wrong-headed reform advocate . In the wake of his defeat , it 's hard to see how other Republican incumbents will follow Cantor 's path . And for starters , they will likely be very wary of voting for immigration reform until dust settles . That , of course , is bad news for the GOP presidential nominee in 2016 and good news for Clinton if she is the Democratic standard bearer . Mitt Romney could only garner 27 % of the Hispanic vote in 2012 , far below the 40 % that pundits think is mandatory for victory . Unless it finds a way out of the cul de sac , the GOP share could sink even lower this time . Opinion : Should Clinton embrace Obama 's foreign policy ? 3  We have n't yet heard from that corner , but one can only imagine that the Cantor defeat , tied so closely to charges that he was for "  amnesty " for illegal immigrants , is prompting second thoughts by Jeb Bush and his many admirers about whether 2016 is the right year for him to run . If Bush 's deep belief in immigration reform would tear apart his party in the primaries and make his path to the White House perilous at best , why should he ? If Jeb Bush decides not to go , that would be extremely welcome news to the Clinton camp . From the point of view of Democrats , the most obvious threat to a Clinton victory is a Republican governor conservative enough to unite his party but moderate and experienced enough to pull in purple states . Jeb Bush and Chris Christie are the two who come closest to that profile . Conservatives may disagree -- many genuinely believe that a Rand Paul can win -- but Democrats will quietly celebrate if neither Bush nor Christie tops the Republican ticket . It is an oddity of American democracy that a tiny number of voters -- fewer than 8,000 -- in a suburb of Richmond , Virginia , can substantially alter the national outlook . But we live in odd , unpredictable times . No doubt other big surprises lie ahead before November 2016 .	Hillary Clinton gets a gift from the Republicans as she rolls out her book David Gergen says Eric Cantor 's defeat is a big plus for Clinton if she runs in 2016 He says it diminishes the chance that she would face a GOPer with appeal to moderates Gergen : By placing immigration reform in jeopardy , the upset hurts GOP 's 2016 appeal
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Lawmakers in Libya passed a law on Sunday banning senior Gadhafi government officials from holding official posts . The move comes after a week of rising tensions in the Libyan capital of Tripoli as heavily armed protesters surrounded the Foreign and Justice ministries demanding that the legislature pass the law . The political isolation law could exclude current senior officials such as the head of the General National Congress Mohamed al-Magariaf , who served as ambassador to India in the 1970s before he joined the exiled opposition to the Gadhafi government . The General National Congress is Libya 's parliament . It remains unclear if Prime Minister Ali Zaidan , who was a diplomat in India around the same time , would be affected by the ban . The law , which would be implemented by a committee that would decide whether officials fall under the exclusion criteria , goes into effect in 30 days . But the law has already come under fire by international watchdog groups . "  The law  violates human rights and Libya 's provisional constitution because it allows for guilt by association rather than provable misdeeds . The provisions and procedures for exclusion are overly broad and vague . The desire to ban corrupt and abusive officials is understandable , but this law is deeply flawed , " said Hanan Salah , Human Rights Watch 's Libya researcher . Soon after the law was passed , Libyans broke into cheers as hundreds congregated outside the GNC , celebrating what many described as a victory . Celebratory gunfire rang across many areas of Tripoli as people drove around the city honking their horns and chanting in celebration . Outside the Justice Ministry , armed protesters played music and danced as they prepared to sacrifice a camel , a Libyan tradition . In March armed protesters surrounded the GNC for several hours in an attempt to force lawmakers to pass the law . They later opened fire on the car of Magariaf , who escaped unharmed . There were concerns on Sunday of a repeat of these events if lawmakers had not come to an agreement . The siege of government ministries seems to have ended with the passing of the law , but many Libyans are concerned about the implications of the vote . "  The events of last week have set a number of precedents -- the precedent that using arms to force the government to adopt a law or policy ; the precedent of establishing non-equality of citizenship before the law , in effect creating classes of Libyans ; and the principle that in the New Libya , people can and will be judged on the bases of general classification , not individual responsibility , " said Hafed al-Ghwell , a former Gadhafi opposition figure and a Libya analyst .	Former Gadhafi officials are now banned from official posts in Libya Armed protesters had pressed lawmakers to pass the law for months Head of parliament , prime minister may be affected by the law Law is "  guilt by association " and unfair , Human Rights Watch says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Art Capital Group has withdrawn its lawsuit against celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz and extended the due date for repayment of her $ 24 million loan , the two sides announced Friday . Annie Leibovitz appears before her photo of Demi Moore during an exhibition of her work in June in Madrid , Spain . It is part of an agreement reached between Leibovitz and Art Capital Group , which restructured her debts , according to a joint statement from the two sides . Under the agreement , Art Capital also agreed to extend the maturity date for the loan it provided to Leibovitz , which was originally due on Tuesday . The statement did not say when the loan is now due . In addition , Leibovitz bought back from Art Capital the rights to act as exclusive agent in the sale of her pictures and her property , the statement said . "  Ms. Leibovitz will therefore retain control of those assets within the context of the loan agreement which shall prevail until satisfied , " it said . Art Capital Group said Leibovitz initially approached the company , an adviser to artists and art owners , around June 2008 regarding her "  dire financial condition arising from ... mortgage obligations , tax liens and unpaid bills to service providers and other creditors , " the complaint said In July , Art Capital filed a complaint with the New York Supreme Court , asking it to uphold the sales agreement it signed with Leibovitz , including its right to sell her art and real estate . Leibovitz , who has photographed everyone from the Rolling Stones to Queen Elizabeth , put her art , intellectual property and even real estate assets up for collateral last year when she consolidated her massive debts . "  In these challenging times , I am appreciative to Art Capital for all they have done to resolve this matter and for their cooperation and continued support , " Leibovitz said in the joint statement . "  I also want to thank my family , friends , and colleagues for being there for me and look forward to concentrating on my work . " The tone of the agreement differed markedly from that of a complaint filed July 29 in New York Supreme Court by Art Capital Group , in which the company accused the photographer of "  willful and flagrant " breaches of her agreement , adding : "  It appears that Leibovitz entered into the sales agreement with no intention of performing or permitting performance under it . " One of Leibovitz 's best-known photos is of John Lennon with his wife , Yoko Ono , shortly before the Beatles star was assassinated in 1980 . She is no stranger to controversy . In 1991 , Leibovitz photographed a nude and extremely pregnant Demi Moore for the cover of Vanity Fair . The issue , considered scandalous at the time , was sold in many places nationwide with a sheath of white paper . Watch more about the suit she faced , controversy she 's stirred " Last year , Leibovitz photographed Disney star Miley Cyrus wrapped in a bedsheet , eliciting claims that the photographer pressured the teen queen into poses that were too provocative for her young age .	Art Capital Group extends due date for repayment of Leibovitz 's $ 24 million loan Art Capital will be "  exclusive agent in the sale of her real property and copyrights " She used art , intellectual property , real estate as collateral amid debt consolidation
CNN  -- Our country is obsessed with the perils of attractive young white women , as this week 's trio of high profile crime stories about Amanda Knox , Jodi Arias and the Cleveland kidnapping victims demonstrates . We do n't see breathless coverage of the disproportionately large number of African-American men tried for crimes in our system . We see almost no coverage of missing boys , or missing children of color , or crimes against nonwhites . This week an African-American man in Mississippi , Willie Manning , was about to be executed , though he was denied access to DNA testing . Manning , convicted of murdering two college students in 1994 , maintains his innocence and requested the scientific testing , which has exonerated many convicted murderers , including some on death row . The Mississippi Supreme Court denied that request and ordered his execution . At the last moment , U.S. Justice Department letters tipped the balance in favor of a reprieve . Few media outlets considered the monumental constitutional issues , or even the dramatic ticking clock toward his execution , worthy of mention . Is n't the fact that we still execute Americans without giving them access to DNA testing a stunning , significant story ? Yet it got next to no attention . Instead , in the last week thousands of hours of attention have been devoted to every detail of just three crime stories . In Phoenix , Arizona , Jodi Arias  whose father is Latino  was convicted Wednesday of first degree murder , after the jury unanimously found that she intentionally and with premeditation killed her former boyfriend , Travis Alexander . The trial was covered live on HLN and followed closely on social media and other television networks . The next phase of the trial is scheduled to begin May 15 . In Cleveland , Ohio , Amanda Berry reportedly screamed for help , a neighbor came to her aid , and she , her 6-year-old daughter , and two women , Gina DeJesus  who is Latina  and Michelle Knight were freed after a decade of captivity . Ariel Castro was charged today with kidnapping and rape . Amanda Knox , the American college student who was convicted , then acquitted of the murder of her roommate in Italy , has given tearful interviews in connection with her book tour , as an Italian court has reversed again and held that she should stand trial again for the charges . Each of these cases includes salacious allegations and high-stakes outcomes . The Cleveland victims were reportedly raped and beaten countless times over the years . Amanda Knox is accused of killing her roommate as part of a drug-fueled sex game . Jodi Arias posed nude for photos and had sex with her victim just before she murdered him . While each of these crime stories is worthy of news coverage -- especially the Cleveland story , which involved serious questions of alleged law enforcement lapses -- many others are equally worthy yet receive little or no attention , even as every detail of the high-profile stories is pored over and rehashed . Missing children websites carry pictures of many African-American and Latino kids who have disappeared , and photos of little boys who have vanished . News outlets rarely feature their stories . Their families grieve their absence and yearn for media coverage that could help find their children and energize law enforcement . And the biggest American crime story of all receives the least mention : that we now incarcerate more of our own people than any other country on earth , or in human history , and that minority males are disproportionately policed , arrested and convicted , and sentenced to harsher sentences . African-American juveniles are six times as likely as whites to be sentenced to prison for identical crimes . In Washington , three out of every four black men can expect some time behind bars in their lifetimes . In Baltimore and Chicago , the majority of young black men are currently under the control of the criminal justice system . In sheer numbers , more African-Americans are under correctional control today than were enslaved at the time of the Civil War . Our disastrous war on drugs has devastated inner-city communities , and led to large numbers of African-Americans being legally barred from voting , jury duty , public housing , food stamps , student loans , and many other civic rights and benefits , often for life . We can not fix these problems if we are unaware of them . We can not get a groundswell for reform if we are distracted by titillating outlier stories . The media choose which stories to make high profile , driven by public interest in those stories . We can not call ourselves a nation of equals until we pay equal attention to all those in our criminal justice system whose stories merit our attention , regardless of their race or gender . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom .	Lisa Bloom : Americans are obsessed with the perils of young , attractive white women She says titillating stories such as the Arias , Knox and Cleveland cases draw coverage She says a huge number of black men tried for crimes ignored , as are crimes against nonwhites Bloom : A nation of equals must focus on worthy cases regardless of race or gender
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- Phillip Garrido and his wife , Nancy , will face 29 felony counts after being accused of kidnapping Jaycee Lee Dugard when she was 11 and keeping her in their backyard since 1991 , the district attorney of El Dorado County , California , said Friday . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , was arraigned in California on Friday . The Garridos are each facing charges of kidnapping someone under 14 years of age , kidnapping for sexual purposes , forcible rape and forcible lewd acts on a child . The maximum penalty for both defendants would be life imprisonment . Authorities are looking into Garrido 's possible connection to other crimes . Hear interview with Garrido " A search warrant was issued for Garrido 's home in connection with killings that occurred in the 1990s , a spokesman for the Contra Costa Sheriff 's Department said Friday . Pittsburg , California , police obtained the search warrant , said the spokesman , Jimmy Lee . Earlier Friday , a California sheriff also admitted that his organization "  missed an opportunity " nearly three years ago to find Dugard . Someone called 911 on November 30 , 2006 , to say that a woman and young children were living in tents in the backyard of Phillip Garrido , said Sheriff Warren E. Rupf of Contra Costa County , California , on Friday . "  This is not an acceptable outcome , " he said . Watch Rupf talk about the ` missed opportunity ' " The responding sheriff 's deputy spoke with Garrido , a registered sex offender , in the front yard of his house . "  None of us , particularly law enforcement , should believe a word that one of these animals utters , " Rupf said when asked about the lessons learned from the missed opportunity . "  If there 's a sophistication -LSB- about sex offenders -RSB- in any regard , it 's in misrepresenting who they are and what motivates them . "  We took things he said obviously at face value and did not properly brand him . " Rupf also said that "  to the best of his knowledge , " the deputy did n't know that Garrido was a sex offender . The deputy determined that no crime had been committed even though he did not enter or ask to enter the backyard , the sheriff said . "  We should have been more inquisitive , more curious , and turned over a rock or two , " the sheriff said . "  We missed an opportunity to bring earlier closure to this situation . " Dugard lived for 18 years in a shed and other outbuildings behind her abductor 's house , where she gave birth to two girls whom he fathered ; the girls are now 11 and 15 , police said . CNN policy is not to publish the names of victims when there are allegations of sexual assault . In this case , Dugard has been the subject of a 20-year public search and her image and name have been widely disseminated , making protection of her identity virtually impossible . Dugard was kidnapped in 1991 as her stepfather watched , helpless , in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . Learn about some missing children who have been found alive " Investigators arrested Garrido on charges of kidnapping and abusing her after police discovered Dugard on Wednesday . "  The last 18 years have been rough , but the last two days have been pretty good , " her stepfather , Carl Probyn , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Friday . Watch Probyn describe getting the news " Phillip Garrido , 58 , and 54-year-old Nancy Garrido were arraigned Friday in Placerville Superior Court in Placerville , California . They pleaded not guilty Friday . During their time living in Garrido 's backyard , Dugard and her two children apparently rarely ventured out of their compound , investigators said . Dugard "  was in good health , but living in a backyard for the past 18 years does take its toll , " El Dorado County Undersheriff Fred Kollar said . He described her as "  relatively cooperative , relatively forthcoming " in discussions with detectives . She was "  in relatively good condition , " neither obviously abused nor malnourished , he added . "  There are no known attempts by her to outreach to anybody . " The children did n't go to school or to the doctor 's office . Now they and their mother are being thrust into a strange new world . On Friday , Dugard began the long process of reuniting with her family . Watch about recovering from captivity " Terry Probyn , who is separated from Carl , spoke with her daughter Thursday and learned that she had two daughters of her own , he said . Carl Probyn said he expects Dugard and her two children to come back to Southern California , since "  that 's where we all live . " Garrido apparently maintained a blog in which he claimed to control sound with his mind . The blog now has numerous profanity-laced responses from people outraged over his alleged actions . In a rambling telephone interview from jail , Garrido told CNN affiliate KCRA of Sacramento that he was relieved at being caught . "  I feel much better now , " he said . "  This is a process that needed to take place . " The investigation went years without apparent progress until Tuesday , when Garrido showed up on the campus of the University of California at Berkeley with his two daughters and tried to get permission to hand out literature and speak , Kollar said . He did not know the subject of either the literature or the planned talk . Police officers "  thought the interaction between the older male and the two young females was rather suspicious , " so they confronted them and performed a background check on him , Kollar said . That check revealed that Garrido was on federal parole for a 1971 conviction for rape and kidnapping , for which he had served time in the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas . The two female police officers contacted Garrido 's parole officer , who requested that he appear Wednesday at the parole office . Watch police talk about why they arrested Garrido " Garrido did just that , accompanied by his wife "  and a female named Allissa , " Kollar said . The presence of Allissa and the two children surprised the parole officer , who had never seen them during visits to Garrido 's house , Kollar said . "  Ultimately , Allissa was identified as Dugard , " Kollar said . Scott Kernan , undersecretary of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , said Garrido admitted having abducted Dugard . Dugard 's presence behind Garrido 's home since apparently went unnoticed in the neighborhood , where homes on one-fourth to one-half-acre lots typically sell for less than $ 200,000 , said Kathy Russo , whose father has lived two houses away from the Garridos for 33 years . Watch aerial view of backyard compound " "  My dad said he never saw a young woman , " Russo said , adding that her 94-year-old father considered Garrido to be a "  kind of strange , reclusive , kind of an angry kind of guy . " She said the one-story house 's backyard was obscured by trees and ringed by a wooden fence . In his jailhouse interview , Garrido told KCRA that he could not go into detail about why he chose to abduct Dugard . "  I have n't talked to a lawyer yet , so I ca n't do that , " he said . But Garrido said he had "  completely turned my life around " in the past several years . "  You 're going to find the most powerful story coming from the witness , from the victim , " he promised . "  If you take this a step at a time , you 're going to fall over backward , and in the end , you 're going to find the most powerful , heartwarming story . " He added , "  Wait till you hear the story of what took place at this house . You 're going to be absolutely impressed . It 's a disgusting thing that took place with me in the beginning , but I turned my life completely around . " Describing his two daughters , he said , "  Those two girls slept in my arms every single night from birth ; I never kissed them . " In a later comment , he said that , from the time the youngest was born , "  everything turned around . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy , Tom Watkins , Stan Wilson and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sex offender , wife plead not guilty at arraignment Authorities have search warrant for Garrido home relating to 1990 killings Victim reportedly kept in isolation in backyard with children fathered by captor Police : Phillip Garrido admitted abducting victim when she was 11
CNN  -- Clemson University suspended a mandatory online course that asked students and faculty about their sex lives and drinking habits following backlash from the school community . The South Carolina public university started using the third-party online course this semester as part of required "  Title IX training " on sexual violence prevention . Questions such as : "  How many times have you had sex ? " and "  With how many different people have you had sex ? " raised privacy concerns among students . Clemson junior Machaella Reisman said she appreciates the school 's efforts to educate the community on sexual violence prevention , especially in light of recent headlines related to domestic violence in the NFL . But , schools should be able to educate students without asking how many times they 've had sex in the past three months , or if drugs or alcohol were involved , Reisman said . "  This is not information that I discuss with my friends , let alone information I feel the need to disclose to the school or whoever the third-party source may be , " Reisman , 20 , told CNN in an email . "  As a questionnaire that is supposed to serve the purpose of educating students on gender equality to prevent sexual violence , why should there be questions regarding how much sex a student has had and if they used drugs , alcohol , or a condom ? " The controversy comes as schools across the country are experimenting with new approaches to sexual harassment prevention and education to comply with federal law . Sexual violence prevention in higher education has been a concern for schools across the country amid widespread allegations that schools mishandled sexual misconduct incidents in violation of federal law . Mandatory sexual violence education programming is common in schools nationwide . The University of California-Berkeley said this week that at least 500 freshmen could face holds on spring registration if they do not complete mandatory sexual harassment training this semester . The White House launched a task force earlier this year dedicated to the issue , and unveiled a new public awareness and education campaign on Friday called "  It 's On Us . " The program , which President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden announced Friday , aims to engage students and colleges to take active roles in preventing sexual assault on campus . Clemson 's Title IX training module was stirring debate on campus as more people started taking it , Reisman said . A Campus Reform article on the program brought the conversation to the national level , prompting Clemson to suspend the program Wednesday pending further "  review and revision . " "  We felt it was important to take those concerns seriously , " Shannon Finning , dean of students and associate vice president for Student Affairs , told CNN . "  We are very committed to not only meeting federal requirements , but also assuring that we will provide critically important training and education to all members of our community . " Reisman also questioned the extent to which her responses would be treated anonymously considering she used her name and student ID number to register for the online course . But Finning said the responses were "  captured anonymously " and would not be identifiable by the school or CampusClarity , the vendor that created the module . "  At the conclusion , we would gather it in aggregate and it would give us a better picture of campus culture and give us an opportunity to identify additional educational and training needs . " The questions were included among other slides related to campus resources and exercises in how to deal with potential scenarios , Finning said . On the whole , the course was intended to address requirements under Title IX to make students aware of resources for dealing with sexual violence and how to report sexual misconduct , she said . Schools that receive federal funding are required under the Violence Against Women Act to provide sexual violence education to new and returning students and employees . Guidance under Title IX issued by the Office for Civil Rights in 2001 and 2014 also makes clear that schools should be providing educational programs on sexual violence to their student body , said Nancy Chi Cantalupo with the professional group Student Affairs Administrators in Higher Education . Surveys are not required by Title IX and VAWA , and schools do not have to purchase surveys or educational programs from third parties , Cantalupo said . There are several models schools can adapt , including White House guidelines . "  By designing their own survey , schools can insure that the survey questions are non-invasive " Cantalupo said .	Clemson 's "  Title IX " online training included questions about sex , alcohol and drug use "  How many times have you had sex in past three months ? " among questions asked Students said they were concerned over how the responses would be used Clemson says questions were anonymous , would be used to improve education programs
Jerad Miller filled his Facebook profile with anti-government rants and warned he was about to make a sacrifice . Amanda Miller posted cute photos about cats -- and a picture of a coffee table built to hide rifles . Now authorities are poring over the couple 's social media posts as they investigate the pair 's deadly weekend shooting rampage that left two police officers and a civilian dead . Witnesses said the husband and wife shouted about revolution and left a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika behind at the scene of Sunday 's shooting . Then Amanda Miller shot her husband dead and killed herself as police closed in , authorities said . Investigators said they 're looking at the Millers ' social media footprint , interviewing acquaintances and looking at a note pinned to one of the victims as they work to unravel what might have led the pair to ambush police eating lunch at a pizza restaurant , then gun down a shopper at a Walmart across the street . One possible reason ? "  They equate government and law enforcement ... with Nazis , " Second Assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill told reporters Monday . "  In other words , they believe that law enforcement is the oppressor . " ` Dawn of a new day ' On June 7 , a day before the shooting , a Facebook post from Jerad Miller suggested something was brewing : "  The dawn of a new day . May all of our coming sacrifices be worth it . " "  People are awakening , " said a post that appeared June 5 . On June 2 , there was a long rant : "  We can hope for peace . We must , however , prepare for war . We face an enemy that is not only well funded , but who believe they fight for freedom and justice . Those of us who know the truth and dare speak it , know that the enemy we face are indeed our brothers . ... " "  To stop this oppression , I fear , can ... only be accomplished with bloodshed , " the post says . The writer casts blame on "  enemies , " but does n't specify who the enemies are . Other posts on the page decry the federal government , gun restrictions and taxation . In face-to-face conversations , it was common to hear Jerad Miller railing against the government , neighbor Kelly Fielder said . "  He was pretty much always talking about how much the government 's changed the United States of America , " she said . "  I thought he was talking smack . To my eyes , they were generally good people at the time . I did n't think they had the guts to go out and really hurt someone . " Court records describe Jerad Miller 's past run-ins with the law , including drug charges . In 2007 , he pleaded guilty to a felony criminal recklessness charge and was sentenced to a diversion program . In 2011 , he pleaded guilty to a felony charge of dealing marijuana and was sentenced to two year 's probation and drug counseling . He was arrested and charged with battery in 2009 . A jury acquitted him later that year . Couple moved to Las Vegas in January The Millers moved from Indiana to Las Vegas in January , according to Amanda Miller 's Facebook page . She posted two videos of them driving : one that showed the road ahead and another of her at the wheel . Her Facebook profile also shows pictures of a protest last year in Lafayette , Indiana . The "  Million Mask March " protest 's Facebook page describes the November 2013 event as "  a march against billionaires who own banks and corporations who corrupt politicians who enslave the people and injustice . " Another picture on her Facebook page in late April shows her and Jerad in costume : He is dressed as the Joker from "  Batman " holding up a Joker playing card . The 31-year-old mimics the character 's trademark menacing grin . His 22-year-old wife is pressed beside him , her leg hiked sexily up . She 's apparently dressed as Harley Quinn , another "  Batman " character . In another post on her Facebook page : A photograph of what 's described as a cross-stitched female Joker holding a gun aloft . The couple liked to dress up as the cartoon villains , neighbor Krista Koch told CNN affiliate KTNV . Koch also told the CNN affiliate that Jerad Miller occasionally dressed as Slenderman , a fictional horror character that recently became widely known after two 12-year-old girls were accused of stabbing another 12-year-old girl in Wisconsin . Police said one of the girls told investigators they acted to please Slenderman . Koch said the Millers told her they were planning an attack . But she discounted them , believing , she said , that they were "  crazy . " Neighbor : ` He said the revolution 's begun ' Fielder said she saw the couple , who had been living with her for a couple weeks before the shooting , leave with weapons early Sunday morning . "  He said the revolution 's begun . I got ta do what I got ta do , " she told CNN . Amanda Miller hugged her , and said "  when I die , I 'll come back and see you again . " The husband and wife were carrying guns and ammunition , she said . "  They said they were going underground , " Fielder said . "  They were using it for protection . " The neighbor , who described Amanda Miller as her best friend , said she did n't think they 'd take things so far , but now wishes she 'd spoken out sooner . "  I got five deaths on my shoulders , " she said . "  I should have called the cops . ... I 'm so , so , so sorry , to everyone . " Connection to Cliven Bundy ? Neighbors at the Las Vegas apartment complex where the couple lived told The Las Vegas Sun they had heard the Millers talk about their support of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy . One neighbor said Jerad Miller had talked about being at the April armed standoff between Bundy and federal authorities , who began to round up the rancher 's cattle after he refused to vacate federally owned land . Hundreds of people , many toting weapons , joined Bundy during the standoff . Bundy said Monday that he was aware of reports that Jerad Miller was part of the movement that supported him , but said he was n't aware of Miller . "  Probably 4,000 people came by , and I knew few of them personally , " he told CNN 's Dan Simon . His son , Ammon Bundy , said that "  state militia members " told him the Millers had been at the ranch , but were asked by a militia member to leave because of "  their radical beliefs . " "  They did n't align with the reason the protesters were there at the Bundy ranch , " he said . Based on their social media profiles and what investigators have revealed so far , there are no signs the couple was part of a particular group , said Mark Potok , a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center who studies hate groups and extremism . But they did seem to support the so-called Patriot movement , which decries the federal government and what supporters call the "  New World Order . " The couple 's support of Bundy , Potok said , could be key . For many in the Patriot movement , he said , the standoff at Bundy 's ranch was a major victory . "  Tens , perhaps hundreds of thousands or more saw what happened at the Bundy ranch as a huge victory against the federal government and perhaps an opening shot at the war that they all wished for and waited for with the government , " Potok told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  I think it 's entirely possible that the Millers , in fact , saw the Bundy standoff as very important , and it may have pushed them over the edge . " A local news crew interview surfaced online Monday , showing Jerad Miller talking about the standoff at the ranch . "  I feel sorry for any federal agents that want to come in here and try to push us around or anything like that , " he told NBC at the time . "  I really do n't want violence toward them , but if they 're going to come bring violence to us , well , if that 's the language they want to speak , we 'll learn it . "	Neighbor : Leaving home before shooting , Jerad Miller said , "  The revolution 's begun " His Facebook page appears to be full of anti-government postings Police say he and wife Amanda Miller killed two police officers and a third man in Las Vegas Jerad and Amanda declared a "  revolution " was happening , authorities say
CNN  -- FBI agents searched the home of veteran diplomat and Pakistan expert Ambassador Robin Raphel in October as part of a counterintelligence investigation , three U.S. government officials told CNN . As part of the investigation , Raphel 's State Department office was searched and sealed , two of the officials said . It 's unclear whether she is the target of the investigation , or what agents were searching for . The officials said it is an ongoing investigation and no charges have been filed . The investigation was first reported by The Washington Post . "  We are aware of this law enforcement matter . The State Department has been cooperating with our law enforcement colleagues , " State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said . Psaki added that Raphel is "  no longer a department employee . " At the time of the raid , Raphel , a retired career Foreign Service officer , was an adviser on Pakistan under a limited , renewable contract to the State Department 's Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , where she administered nonmilitary aid and economic grants . It is unclear , however , whether the inquiry is related to her work on Pakistan . Senior State Department officials said Raphel 's security clearance was pulled last month , at which time she was placed on administrative leave . Her contract , which expired on November 2 , was not renewed . The officials describe the investigation as a counterintelligence investigation , which typically refers to allegations of spying on behalf of foreign governments . Officials declined to describe the exact nature of the investigation . Raphel , the former assistant secretary of state for South Asia and ambassador to Tunisia , spent much of her career working on Pakistan and South Asia . Raphel was well-liked and respected by her colleagues and often outspoken about what she saw as flaws with U.S. policy toward Pakistan . Raphel 's State Department biography says she began her career as a CIA analyst before serving 30 years in the Foreign Service . She retired from the State Department in 2005 , but returned in 2009 to work as an adviser to the late Richard Holbrooke , appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as the first special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan . CNN attempted to contact Raphel , but messages have not been returned .	Pakistan expert Ambassador Robin Raphel was working for State Department Office and home have been searched , officials say Her security clearance was pulled and her contract has not been renewed , officials say
Beijing  CNN  -- Liang Wengen , China 's richest man , received the green light to become a candidate for the Communist Party of China 's Central Committee . If elected , Liang will be the first private entrepreneur to join the ruling party 's policymaking body . Liang , 55 , is chairman and founder of Sany Group , China 's largest heavy machinery company . Both Forbes and Hurun China Rich List rank him on top of their 2011 rich list , estimating his wealth at $ 9.3 billion and $ 10.7 billion , respectively . He Zhenlin , Sany Group 's vice president , confirmed with CNN that "  Liang has passed qualification checks " as a candidate for a seat as alternate member of the Central Committee . Liang is "  waiting for  formal  election , " which will take place late next year . The Central Committee is an important body in China 's top-down political structure . Every five years , delegates to communist party congress elect over 200 full-fledged members and about 150 alternate members . Members of the Central Committee select among themselves members of the party 's political bureau , or politburo , and its standing committee comprised of nine members . The Central Committee typically meets four times a year to discuss and approve major policies . In between these meetings - called Plenums in communist parlance - major decisions are made by the Politburo , headed by party chief and state president Hu Jintao . Its members meet more frequently . Liang became a communist member in 2004 . Since then , he has been a delegate to the National People Congress  NPC  , China highest legislative body . He was also a delegate to the last Communist Party Congress in 2007 . Liang has three times applied to become a party member but he was rejected each time . The last time he was rejected was because "  the Party Constitution did n't allow recruiting private entrepreneurs who hire more than seven employees , " Fu Hongze , a director at the Sany Group , told CNN . Liang 's party membership came after former Chinese president Jiang Zemin pushed through the controversial notion that private business owners may also join the Communist Party in 2001 . "  Currently there are very few party members working in the private sector , " notes Tang Wenfang , author of the book "  Public Opinion and Political Change in China . " "  There is a need to correct this imbalance by recruiting non-party private entrepreneurs , as this group of people is gaining economic power . If they are not co-opted , they can potentially wield independent political influence . " Rupert Hoogewerf , who has served as chief researcher for Hurun Rich list for many years , says Liang 's expected election into the Central Committee is largely symbolic . He points out that the private sector is "  clearly an important player now in the economy as a whole , " creating new jobs and paying substantial taxes . "  It is a symbiotic relationship , " he says . "  They help each other out . " If Liang is elected next year , Hoogewerf adds , his new political status will be a morale boost for China 's private sector and may also benefit his company , the Sany Group. , which Liang founded in 1989 . It will not be the first time for Liang to work with the ruling party . He and his company have been involved in high-profile partnerships with the Chinese government . "  It was n't a coincidence that Sany was in Chile to rescue the trapped miners last year , " Hoogewerf tells CNN . "  The Chinese government offered to help and Liang was the person asked to make it happen on behalf of the government . It was a big thing . " Sany provided heavy machinery during the rescue efforts . During the devastating Sichuan earthquake in 2008 , Liang donated 3 million yuan  US$ 461,000  in cash and 15 million yuan  about $ 2.3 million  worth of heavy machinery , according to state media reports . Sany 's volunteer rescue team arrived in the worst hit area within two days after the earthquake hit . "  Liang 's increased political capital will help push Sany 's dominance to a higher level in both domestic and international market . " said Wang Zhengxu at the University of Nottingham . Wang says he will not be surprised if Liang is admitted into the Central Committee . He explains : "  By co-opting private business leaders into CPC , the party hopes to renew its legitimacy as the Party that represents all the critical groups and sectors of the Chinese society . " Tang says this will be an important move for China 's political reform . "  In the long run , the inclusion of the private sector in the CPC is likely to diversify the party 's membership , " Tang says . He explains : "  Different groups of party members may form different factions and compete for power within the CPC , instead of forming strong opposition parties outside the CPC . The result is likely to be the strengthening of ` intra-party democracy ' with continued CPC domination over the other independent political parties . "	Liang Wengen can be a candidate for Communist Party of China 's Central Committee The Central Committee is an important body in China 's top-down political structure Previous applications from Liang , China 's richest man , have been rejected
Thanks to solar wind blowing out from the sun in all directions at a million miles per hour , material from comets gets whipped back into a formation that looks like a tail . Now , scientists know that our solar system has a tail of its own , with a surprising shape . NASA researchers working with data from the Interstellar Boundary Explorer announced Wednesday they have for the first time mapped the solar system 's tail , called the heliotail . Their study is published in the Astrophysical Journal . By "  tail , " scientists do n't mean a furry appendage hanging off Pluto , which is not classified as a planet anymore . Rather , the tail is a stream of solar wind plasma -- charged particles -- and magnetic field , trailing off behind the heliosphere . The heliosphere is a magnetic bubble that surrounds our solar system , as well as the solar wind and our sun 's magnetic field . This bubble does n't stop at the planets -- it extends at least 8 billion miles beyond them . These new observations help scientists better understand the structure surrounding our solar system . "  Scientists had always presumed that the heliosphere had a tail . We 've seen it around other stars , we know the sun is moving relative to interstellar gas , " said Eric Christian , IBEX mission scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center . "  But this is actually the first real data that we have that gives us the shape of the tail . " If we could look at a cross-section of the solar system 's tail , its shape would resemble a four-leaf clover . The "  leaves " on the side are composed of slow-moving particles from lower energy solar wind , and the leaves on the top and bottom are fast-moving particles from high-speed solar wind . On its "  front , " the heliosphere is more bullet-shaped , but it is asymmetrical because of the influence of magnetic fields from interstellar space , said David McComas , lead author on the paper and principal investigator for IBEX at Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas . These magnetic fields from outside the solar system also affect the shape of the heliotail . McComas compares this to putting bungee cords around a beach ball and pulling on them . The force of the magnetic fields squeezes the tail so that its cross-section becomes flattered like an oval . The tail 's cross-section also becomes twisted , and turns to align with the magnetic field . Pressure from the interstellar gas and magnetic field causes the solar wind to bend back along the tail . Researchers have not established the length of our solar system 's tail , but they believe that it fades at the end and blends in with the rest of interstellar space . Astronomers had previously determined that other stars also have tails around their magnetic bubbles , which are called astrospheres . In order for such a sphere to form , there must be a balance of an inward compression of interstellar gas and a wind from the star that pushes outward . The IBEX probe does not take photographs with light . Instead , it makes use of what are called energetic neutral atoms . Most matter in the universe has an electric charge on it . But sometimes a charged particle , while moving fast through space , picks up an electron from neutral gas , which turns it into a neutral atom . Some of these neutral atoms are pointed back at Earth and are detected when they hit the IBEX spacecraft . "  Because they travel pretty much straight , you can trace them back to where they came from , and make a picture with these atoms instead of light , " Christian said . "  That 's what IBEX does . " There are no space probes currently moving down the tail of our solar system , but the two Voyager spacecraft , which launched in 1977 , are still floating further from Earth than any other terrestrial-made objects . The Voyager and the IBEX missions are complementary , McComas said . The Voyager probes are akin to biopsies of the solar system , while IBEX is more like an MRI , understanding the big picture . "  While we have incredibly good and valuable information from those two locations where we have those spacecraft , how to put those into a global context and understand the really three-dimensional global interaction of the sun with the local part of the galaxy is really more a job for IBEX , " McComas said . According to the latest observations reported in the journal Science , Voyager 1 has traveled more than 11 billion miles from the sun . That brings it closer to reaching the distinction of being the first human-created object to reach interstellar space , which is loaded with material from other stars and a magnetic field from elsewhere in the Milky Way . Scientists say Voyager 1 may take several more months , perhaps years , to fully escape the solar system . Voyager 2 is still relatively closer to home , at 9 billion miles from the sun . IBEX has enlightened scientists as to what the Voyager mission may find at the far reaches of our solar system and beyond , McComas said . Without the interstellar probe , some say they would n't be able to make heads or tails of it . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau and for more science news follow @CNNLightYears .	NASA 's IBEX probe has new information about our solar system 's tail Interstellar magnetic fields influence the shape of the tail The magnetic bubble around the solar system is called the heliosphere
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Rene Lecour 's plan started out simple : Take his son on a skateboarding trip to someplace "  epic . " While he and his son , Kaya , were searching the internet , they saw videos of Cuba 's skateboarders making do with beaten-up and jerry-rigged boards . Economic shortages and the U.S. embargo make it difficult to get most sporting equipment there . For skateboarders , it was nearly impossible . "  We both said right away , ` We are going there , ' " Lecour recalled . Lecour owns a chain of skateboard shops in South Florida and thought his contacts in the skating community would make it easy for him to bring boards to Cuba . He was wrong . "  I e-mailed every single skateboard company I know , " Lecour said . "  The only two responses I got were unfortunately one person who said we should n't be allowed to go because of the embargo . Another ` genius ' said we should n't come because all the skaters are all communist . " As a first-generation Cuban-American , Lecour had already been dreaming of visiting the island where his parents where born . The recent relaxing of travel restrictions under the Obama administration makes visiting easier for Cuban-Americans and for people on cultural exchange trips . But he did n't want to go empty-handed . A former DJ whose arms are crisscrossed with tattoos , Lecour put out the word that any board , no matter how worn or weathered , would be welcomed by the Cubans . Slowly , as he and his family got ready for the trip , skateboards began to trickle in . "  The response from the kids has been amazing , " Lecour said . "  It 's easier for a 9-year-old kid who skates to understand the need than for a 30-year-old head of a skateboard company , who just does n't get it . " A week before the flight to Cuba , he held a skateboard party for people wishing to donate . Heavy metal rock played at a skate park in Miami 's Kendall neighborhood in the background as dozens of teenagers practiced their moves . The boards continued to pile up in front of Lecour . "  This is really awesome , " he said as the reality of the trip sank in . Cuban skaters like Che Alejandro Pando Napoles rely on generous foreigners like Lecour . Pando said there are skate parks around the island but no skate shops . There is nowhere for skaters to buy their first boards or replace ones that break , he said . "  Sometimes , it holds back your progression , " Pando said . "  You see a set of stairs and you say , ' I am not going to do anything down there because I will break my board . I 'd rather keep my board healthy than do that trick I really want do . ' " Pando lives for skating , a point he drives home by showing visitors his wedding video where , after the ceremony , he , his bride and wedding party roar away on skateboards . Before coming to Cuba , Lecour had been trying to get in touch with Pando , the closest thing to a leader in Havana 's skate scene . Within an hour after landing , Lecour randomly bumped into Pando on the street in a kind of only-in-Havana coincidence . The two skaters quickly made plans to skate together and distribute the duffel bags full of boards and gear that Lecour brought with him . Walking into the skateboard area at Havana 's Parque Metropolitano , Lecour immediately saw several dozen skaters and realized that he had n't brought enough equipment to go around . Pando told him not to worry and said they would hold a skate competition . As the local skaters flew off ramps and attempted tricks , the Americans ' eyes went wide . Lecour ; his wife , Yirka ; son , Kaya ; and family friend Shane were stunned that the Cubans skated the way they did with the sorry gear they had . "  I do n't how that guy uses such small wheels on that board , " Lecour whispered . Soon , the contest was over . While most of the skaters did n't win boards , they seemed happy with the hats , T-shirts or sunglasses they received . The skaters who won boards wore ear-to-ear grins . Lecour says he does n't want to be portrayed as "  the gringo coming to the rescue . " "  The Cuban skaters have been incredibly generous . They keep inviting us to meals and to get together , " he said . "  I am already thinking of my next trip and all the gear I am going to bring . "	Rene Lecour is a first-generation Cuban-American and skateboard shop owner He wanted to help Cuban skaters get better equipment He reached out to young skateboarders , who donated dozens of old boards He brought them to Cuba on a recent trip with his family
CNN  -- Your cooking partner is a robot , your fridge can talk , and your plate is your own personal dietician . Oh , and for a laugh you occasionally have a cook-off with a famous holographic chef . This may sound like a scene from 1960s sci-fi cartoon The Jetsons , but the kitchens in coming decades may not be so far off those envisioned by futurologists . Today , a number of significant developments in culinary tech are happening in the field of robotics . CNN 's Blueprint team caught up with a group of design students in Poland who recently programmed an industrial robot -- usually tasked with building cars -- to cook . Read more : Making gourmet meals out of maggots "  Our project is called ` Let 's cook the future ' and we try to cook with robots -- we had a robot that initially was made just to be in factories and make cars and we tried to treat it as a human and put it in the kitchen . " Says Barbara Dzaman , one of the students involved in the project . The ` Let 's cook the future ' robot "  prints " cookies three-dimensionally , building them up layer by layer in almost any shape you could imagine . Dorota Kabala , an industrial designer working alongside the students says that the project looks towards a future where people can make dishes that are only limited by their imagination . "  The problem we are addressing in this project is the need for personalization of production ... at the moment we can observe that people need more personalization , more customization of products than before and now it 's possible . " Marek Cecula , a respected Polish designer , ceramicist and visiting professor at the Royal College of Art , London , says that he was "  amazed " by the students ' robot chef but felt that "  we simply do n't know where this is going ... How will we relate to objects made completely by a machine ? How will these objects relate to our emotions ? Where will the relationship between person and object be when the object is made by a machine ? " The introduction of robots into the home is not new , of course . Many of us already live with electronics that have robotic components , such as self-cleaning ovens , single-touch microwaves that automatically adjust to the food you have put in them , and fridges that scan used-by dates . The trend for robots to perform unskilled restaurant jobs has also led to robotic noodle slicers and mechanical waiters , though so far many are mere gimmicks rather than genuine technological solutions . Thomas Johansson , Design Director at Electrolux , says that he thinks there is a place for robots in the kitchen : "  I think kitchen robots could potentially take over some of the common jobs that are repetitive or difficult to do ... I think you could take away some of the boring chores and spend your time doing something more interesting . " Away from robotics , Electrolux has been exploring the creative fringe of kitchen design with its annual Design Lab competition . The company recently announced the semi-finalists for 2013 , which include a 3-D food printer and an appliance that calculates the nutritional values , possible toxins and freshness of your food before you start cooking . Johansson says the range of issues being tackled by students in the competition is fascinating in itself : "  A lot of the students are addressing issues like wellbeing , robotics , bio-mimicry , wearable devices , air purification , and also using smart phones and tablets as remote controls . And then there are the issues about food diagnostics , which are especially interesting in light of the horse meat scandal . People are no longer that concerned about what frying pan they use , but what is in the frying pan . Knowing what it is that you are eating is very important . " With work being done in almost every field of home design , it is likely that the kitchen of the future will look significantly different to how it does today . As the old saying goes , the kitchen will always be the heart of the home -- but increasingly that heart is coming to resemble a pacemaker .	Students at Poland 's School of Form have developed a robotic chef Robot creates 3D-printed cookies in almost any shape imaginable Electrolux Design Lab unearths new concepts in robotics and bio-mimicry
A North Carolina detective justifiably shot a schizophrenic 18-year-old because he believed another officer 's life was in danger , a group representing police officers said , offering an account vastly different from that of the late teen 's outraged family . The North Carolina Police Benevolent Association laid out its version of what happened in Boiling Spring Lakes in a statement issued Wednesday , three days after Keith Vidal was killed . The most salient part was its defense of a Southport police detective for shooting Vidal after , in its view , determining that the teenager posed a "  deadly threat " to another officer . The professional organization represents both these officers but not a sheriff 's deputy also at the scene . "  The  detective ... employed authorized law enforcement action to stop the continuing threat of deadly harm to  the officer  and others , " the Police Benevolent Association concluded . The Southport detective 's lawyer , W. James Payne , has told CNN affiliate WWAY that once investigations into the shooting are complete , "  All folks -- everybody -- will conclude that the officers acted appropriately . " Payne elaborated to CNN on Wednesday night , claiming that his client fired after Vidal made multiple attempts to stab the other officer with a screwdriver . The other officer was wearing a bulletproof vest and was not injured . Wednesday 's statements are the most detailed public defense yet of the law enforcement officers involved in Sunday 's incident . "  We can say , based on our preliminary findings , that we are very confident that the officers did what they should have under state law , " the law enforcement trade association 's director , John Midgette , said Wednesday night . "  It 's a very tragic situation , but we do believe the officers . " Vidal 's family has offered a starkly disparate view in its pleas this week for justice , as they see it , by holding the Southport detective directly responsible . "  My brother just needed help , and now he is dead , " stepbrother Mark Ryan Wilsey said in an emotional video posted to CNN iReport . Wilsey was not there when his stepbrother was shot but wanted to speak on behalf of his family , he said Wednesday . "  This officer who shot my son needs to be behind bars , " said Vidal 's mother , Mary Wilsey . "  He needs to die the way my son died . " CNN first learned of the shooting through an iReport sent by a family friend . According to Mark Ryan Wilsey , Vidal had schizophrenia and "  was having an episode " when his father contacted police to subdue him so he could get help . "  He 's not doing very good . You 've got to get him someplace , " a man who identified himself as Vidal 's stepfather said on a 911 call , a copy of which was obtained by CNN affiliate WECT . "  He wants to fight his mother . ... She 's scared to death of him right now . " The caller said that Vidal "  wo n't take his medication " and his family has had "  to put him in before ,  and  he 's getting real bad again . " Mark Ryan Wilsey said Wednesday that Boiling Spring Lakes police were familiar with Vidal , having gone to the family 's house at least three times before . And the family has no qualms with the first two law enforcement officers who responded -- one from Boiling Spring Lakes police and the other a Brunswick County Sheriff 's deputy -- with the stepbrother saying they "  did nothing wrong . " "  All they did was taze my brother and try to get him into handcuffs so he could n't harm himself , " said Mark Ryan Wilsey , who was n't at the scene but relayed his family 's account . "  They had the situation under control . " But the family says the situation unnecessarily took a turn for the worse when the Southport detective arrived . Stepfather Mark Wilsey told WECT that Vidal had been tased and was pinned when one of the officers said , "  We do n't have time for this " and fired his gun . Seventy seconds after the third officer arrived , WECT reported , citing police records , police radioed that the teenager had been shot in self-defense . Boiling Spring Lakes police and the Brunswick County Sheriff 's Office have both cleared their officers involved in the case after finding , in internal reviews , no evidence they 'd violated policy or state law . Southport police put its detective -- the man the benevolent association says shot Vidal -- on paid administrative leave , a step that Midgette said is standard for any officer involved in a fatal shooting . Police Chief Jerry Dove said Wednesday that the detective 's record is spotless , adding that his department has n't had an officer-involved shooting in about 20 years . Asked about his detective 's judgment in shooting an 18-year-old who his family said weighed about 100 pounds , Dove said , "  Well , that 's what I 'm waiting for when I hear all the inquiries that are made . " Specifically , the State Bureau of Investigation and the chief prosecutor for the state 's 13th Judicial District are both looking into the matter . The North Carolina Police Benevolent Association said it "  welcomes " these investigations , but at the same time that it "  assigned local counsel " to look into the matter . Its director , Midgette , explained this investigation consisted of talking to two officers involved who are members of -- and thus represented by -- his association . The group said that three officers from three agencies responded to Vidal 's house "  due to the dangerous nature of the call . " Vidal "  failed to comply with repeated requests to surrender the deadly weapon , " which the 911 caller said was a screwdriver , the Police Benevolent Association reported . What the officers did next -- such as using a Taser -- were "  authorized and necessary law enforcement procedures ... to promote safety for everyone involved , including Vidal , " the group added . The detective fired after Vidal "  made physical contact with the  Boiling Spring Lakes officer  using the hand holding the deadly weapon , " the police association said in its statement . "  The officers present realized the immediate and deadly threat to  the officer 's  life , " said the group . The pain and perhaps anger felt by Vidal 's family is understandable . Yet Midgette said that it is important to understand too that the challenges faced by law enforcement , who sometimes have to decide , in a split second , whether they need to act to save their , one of their colleagues or someone else 's life . "  Officers struggle every time they are put in a situation like this , because they are human beings , too , " said the state benevolent association 's leader . "  It is always a tragedy , no matter how justified  the use of force  might be . "	Lawyer : Detective fired after Vidal tried to stab another officer multiple times Trade group says a detective shot because the teen posed a "  deadly threat " to an officer The late teen 's family claims the detective 's actions are unjustifiable 2 officers have been cleared by their departments ; the third was put on paid leave
CNN  -- John Lennon would have turned 70 years old this month , and were the late Beatle alive today , he might be sitting in a rocking chair in Cornwall , England , with wife Yoko Ono waiting for a postcard from their son , Sean , Ono said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . But eventually his spirit for activism would have roused him out of his retirement rocker , Ono added . "  I 'm sure that , if he got to be 70 , then he would have forgotten all of that : No , we have to do something now . And I 'm sure this is when he would have been totally activist , " Ono said . The wide-ranging three-part interview continues with the second installment on Cooper 's "  AC360 " Wednesday night . In the interview , Ono spoke about being unfairly blamed for the breakup of the Beatles and how she ca n't forgive Mark David Chapman , the maniacal fan who fatally shot Lennon in 1980 . She also strolled with Cooper through Central Park 's Strawberry Fields , dedicated to Lennon and named after the song "  Strawberry Fields Forever , " written by Lennon and fellow Beatle Paul McCartney . Lovers of Lennon 's music should celebrate his 70th birthday anniversary , which occurred October 9 , by remembering his expansive spirit , Ono said . "  I know that people loved him for what he has given them because he did give a lot . And all his beautiful ideas , they 're not like seeds in their hearts that grow : We all have this huge , huge forest of ideas that we share , " she said . "  I would say that let 's not think about the fact that he passed away , but let 's think about , you know , we should celebrate that he was here . The fact that he was here really helped the world . "  So I want people to remember that and not when he passed away . But of course he did pass away , and I do n't know , but by saying that I think -- concentrating on his birthday -- I think somehow I changed the kind of configuration of things , " Ono said . Ono continues to live in the Manhattan apartment building , the Dakota , where the couple and their son , Sean , lived . It was outside that building where Chapman gunned down Lennon after Lennon had earlier given him an autograph . Ono marked Lennon 's birthday by visiting her memorial to him : the Imagine Peace Tower in Iceland , a tower made of light , which she visits every year . She selected the Atlantic island country "  because Iceland is the top north in the map . And north is wisdom and power , and the wisdom and power from the north would just go spread all over the world , " she said . Now 77 , Ono has been remastering Lennon 's music , and she performed with her Plastic Ono Band during Iceland 's memorial celebration . She recalled how she first learned of Lennon 's death -- in the hospital where he was taken for his bullet wounds . It 's a time she does n't care to ponder . "  When I went to the hospital and I was waiting and the doctor came and he was carrying something of John 's , like , his ring , and that 's when I thought , ah , what is it , what is it ? Just funny feeling about it , and when he said that he passed away , I said no , he did n't , he 's alive , You know , very , very upset about it . I just refused to think that he died . " Whenever Lennon 's murderer is up for parole , Ono speaks out against his release . "  I 'm very concerned about that because , you know , he 's not a very stable person , " she said . She 's skeptical of any portrayal of Chapman as a "  very , very agreeable " person . "  So now that he 's very charming or something , well , he was perfectly charming then too . So I do n't really have a trust for him -- for what would happen when he comes out , " she said . Chapman killed Lennon on December 8 , 1980 . At the time , Lennon was 40 ; Chapman , 25 . "  Well he got the autograph from John that very day , " Ono said . "  You know , we were going to go to the studio , and John was a very , very astute person in that sense . To go to studio right  on  time . Not an hour later or two hours later . Most musicians did n't really care , but he was very prompt about those things . So we had the car , I got in the car , and I saw that John was still signing autographs . "  I said , ` John , we have to go now , ' and he said , ` Yeah , OK , Yoko , ' " she added . Forgiveness for the murder remains a difficult matter , she said . "  Well , I do n't really know , I have to think about that , " Ono said . "  But Sean especially and me too  are  still living a very strong situation . It did n't suddenly go away . ... So it 's a very difficult situation and we ca n't get out of it . " Part of Beatles lore is that Strawberry Fields was actually an orphanage near Lennon 's childhood home , and whenever Lennon acted like a bad boy , his mother and aunt threatened to send him there , Ono said . "  He was having a love-hate relationship with Strawberry Field . It was a very big thing in his life , " Ono said . "  So then he made a song out of it . See , by having a very painful memory and changing that into a song , and then that was changed to here , into a park . " Over the years , Ono has been characterized by some as the overbearing wife who caused the breakup of one of the most famous bands of the 20th century . Born in Japan , she blames racism as well as sexism for the unfounded charge , she said . The Beatles had long been having internal problems , she said . "  I think I was used as a scapegoat , and it 's a very easy scapegoat , a Japanese woman and whatever , " Ono said . "  Sexism , racism , but also just remember that the United States and Britain were fighting with Japan in World War II . " While she was stung by such characterizations , she and Lennon went on to enjoy a full marriage . Asked if the finger-pointing hurt her , Ono responded , "  Well , it did in a way . But you know , it was sort of like a distant thing in a way , because John and I were so close . And we were just totally involved in each other and in our work . "  You know , " she added , "  I just kept on being -- getting ideas . And he was , too . So that was much more exciting . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	CNN 's Anderson Cooper interviews Yoko Ono in a three-part exclusive airing this week "  We should celebrate that he was here , " Ono says of Lennon She does n't trust Lennon murderer Mark David Chapman Blaming her for the Beatles ' breakup is due to racism and sexism , Ono says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Manhattan jury awarded $ 2.33 million to a man who lost his leg after drunkenly stumbling onto the path of an oncoming subway train . Dustin Dibble fell on New York subway tracks , was hit by a train and had his leg severed in 2006 . Dustin Dibble , 25 , landed in the subway tracks after a late night watching a hockey game at a bar with friends April 23 , 2006 . A downtown N train ran over him , severing his right leg . According to Dibble 's lawyer , Andrew Smiley , NYC Transit rather than Dibble bore primary responsibility for the accident because the subway driver had time to stop the train but did not . Smiley added that Dibble 's drunkenness did not excuse the driver , who said in a court deposition that he mistook Dibble for an inert object . "  They do n't get a free pass as to why the person was on the tracks . They are trained to be able to look out for people on the tracks ... and people are known to be intoxicated by night , " the lawyer said . Dibble 's blood-alcohol level at the time of the accident was .18 , according to his lawyer , more than twice the legal limit had he been behind the wheel of a car . The jury ruled Tuesday that Dibble was 35 percent responsible for the accident , so his monetary compensation was also reduced by 35 percent -- from $ 3,594,943 to $ 2,336,713 . The deficit-plagued MTA plans to appeal the decision , according to spokesman James Anyansi .	Dustin Dibble , 25 , fell on tracks after watching a hockey game at a bar A downtown N train ran over him , severing his right leg Dibble 's lawyer claimed subway driver had time to stop but did n't Jury cut award after determining Dibble 35 percent responsible for being drunk
CNN  -- A gas station clerk 's smartphone may have saved his life Monday by blocking a bullet fired at his chest in an attempted armed robbery . The shooting happened after a man entered the store at the Hess gas station in Winter Garden , Florida , early Friday and asked a clerk to help him find a particular beverage . The man then pulled out a revolver and demanded that the clerk open the safe , CNN affiliate WESH reported , but the clerk was unable to get the safe door open . Another clerk then entered the store and was also ordered to open the safe . After both the store workers ' efforts to open it failed , the man fired a single gunshot as he left the store , WESH reported , citing police . Emergency services workers were called to the store , and as they were interviewing one of the clerks , he complained of chest pains . "  So they started looking at the clerk . That 's when they realized that the guy had actually shot at him , hit him , struck his cell phone , and the cell phone had stopped his bullet , " Winter Garden Police Lt. Scott Allen said . The chest pains were caused by the impact of the bullet on the cell phone , which was in the clerk 's chest pocket , according to WESH . He did n't suffer any other injuries and was quickly released after being checked at a hospital , the TV station said . His HTC smartphone came off worse . A photo showed its screen shattered around a hole where the bullet had lodged . "  I 've seen individuals get shot with low-caliber handguns and I 've seen it be life ending . So , for this gentleman to be as lucky as he is , it 's a good day for us , " Allen said . The other clerk was reported to be unharmed . Police described the suspect in the attack as a black man about 6 feet tall wearing a dark-colored hooded sweatshirt , pants , sunglasses , a bright yellow traffic vest and white gloves , according to WESH . He remained on the loose Monday evening , it reported . Authorities are n't disclosing the name of the clerk who was shot , the TV station reported .	A man attempts to rob a gas station in Winter Garden , Florida When the store clerks ca n't open the safe , he fires a gun at one of them The bullet hits the clerk 's cell phone , which is in his chest pocket He complains of chest pains and goes to a hospital but is quickly released
Australian swimming officials have vowed to "  win back the admiration of a nation " following the release of a damning report that blamed a "  toxic " team environment at London 2012 which led to the country 's worst Olympic pool performance in 20 years . It was the first time Australia had failed to win more than one swimming gold medal since 1992 , and the subsequent independent review revealed problems throughout the team -- from lack of leadership at the top to unacceptable behavior by the athletes . "  Standards , discipline and accountabilities for the swim team at the London Olympics were too loose , " the report said , having canvassed 94 individuals and received 30 submissions . "  There were enough culturally toxic incidents across enough team members that breached agreements  such as getting drunk , misuse of prescription drugs , breaching curfews , deceit , bullying  to warrant a strong , collective leadership response that included coaches , staff and the swimmers . No such collective action was taken . " Coming soon after this month 's government report claiming widespread use of drugs by Australian athletes , it is another serious blow to the country 's image of sporting excellence . Swimming Australia said Tuesday it had already begun to address some of the issues raised in the review , and had a 100-day plan to tackle them further . "  Swimming has a proud history in this country and everyone in the sport wants to maintain and improve on the credibility and integrity which has developed over more than a century of success , " said its president Barclay Nettlefold . "  Before we look at winning gold medals , we want to win back the admiration of the nation , and we want to engage with our swimming community like never before at every level . " One of the review 's key criticisms was that team officials had been so focused on winning gold medals that the morale of the athletes suffered . Swimmers complained of being ignored if they failed to achieve expected standards , describing it as the "  Lonely Olympics " and the "  Individual Olympics . " "  Things were quiet and weird when someone lost . You just sort of went to your room and got out of the way , " said one in the report . Some respondents felt that team officials were only interested in presenting the most well-known swimmers to the media , with 24 of the 47-strong squad being first-time Olympians , while some did not turn up to support their colleagues on race days . "  The consequence was an undertone of divisions , now and then , us and them , men and women , the best and the rest , " the report said . "  Poor behavior and disrespect within the team were not regulated or resisted strongly by other team members , and it was left unchecked or without consequence by staff and coaches on a number of occasions . "  Some individual incidents of unkindness , peer intimidation , hazing and just ` bad form ' as a team member that were escalated to personal coaches were not addressed and had no further consequence . " These problems were magnified by a lack of control of the team 's social media activities , the report said . Emily Seebohm claimed her overuse of Twitter cost her a gold medal in the 100 meters backstroke event in which she was favorite , while Stephanie Rice made headlines after posting a picture of herself in a skimpy bikini just before the Games . Teammates Nick D'Arcy and Kenrick Monk were forced to remove a picture they posted online showing them with weapons in a U.S. gun shop . They were banned from using social media at London 2012 . "  The media search for controversy is nothing new , but London was the first Games where the influence of social media was so dramatic , " the report said . "  Some athletes engaged deeply in public debate on what they were doing , how they were doing , and even on who they actually were as individuals . This served to fuel emotions , good and bad , at a time where calmness , intensive focus and consistency should have prevailed . "  Social media also allowed already disconnected athletes to seek support from sources external to the team , which again diminished the reliance on a unified team . " The report said the lack of team spirit was partly caused by letting the swimmers prepare under individual programs with their own coaches , which caused a disconnect at all levels of the squad . Meanwhile , the Olympic village environment was described as "  mayhem " and "  a candy shop of distractions . " "  Fragmentation was compounded in the absence of familiarity and sufficient opportunities to connect formally and socially . Greater cohesion as a team would have needed to be intentional and cultivated by design , " the report said . The Australian Sports Commission welcomed the review 's findings . "  Swimming Australia has already commenced recruitment for a new high performance director and has also taken steps to improve its relationship with key stakeholders , " said ASC chief executive Simon Hollingsworth . "  This report is a clear message to Swimming Australia to continue its reforms to enable it to return to the top table of international swimming . "	Independent review criticizes "  toxic " culture of Australia 's Olympic swimming team Report accuses swimmers of getting drunk , using prescription drugs , bullying teammates Swimming Australia says it is already addressing issues after disappointing London 2012 Australian swimmers failed to win more than one gold medal for first time since 1992
CNN  -- At first glance it looks like a fairly unremarkable watercolor of a woman with soft brown curls peeking from her white bonnet . First impressions can be wrong . This painting of Jane Austen , the author behind famous novels "  Pride and Prejudice " and "  Sense and Sensibility , " has sold at auction for # 164,500  $ 270,000  . It 's the same image which is set to grace # 10 notes across Britain , from 2017 . The painting was commissioned by the Victorian novelist 's nephew in 1869 , and was sold by auction house Sotheby 's to an anonymous private collector . But how well do you know your female authors ? Would you know the difference between an image of Austen and other renowned women writers ? Take our quiz to find out .	Jane Austen portrait sells for $ 270k at Sotheby 's auction Version of famous author will appear on # 10 notes from 2017 How well do you know other female authors ? Take our quiz
CNN  -- Israel said Wednesday it may expel Venezuela 's top diplomat from the country in a tit-for-tat gesture after the South American nation ordered the Israeli ambassador to leave over the increasingly bloody ground war in Gaza . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called the Israeli army "  cowards . " The decision on whether to expel Venezuela 's charge d'affaires will be taken later Wednesday , said Yigal Palmor , the spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry . On Tuesday , Venezuela expelled Israel 's ambassador to Caracas and accused Israel of attempting to carry out "  genocide " against the Palestinian people . "  In this tragic and indignant hour , the people of Venezuela manifest their unconditional solidarity with the heroic Palestinian people , share in the sadness that overcomes thousands of families through the loss of their loved ones , and extends to them a hand by affirming that the government of Venezuela will not rest until it sees those responsible for these criminal atrocities severely punished , " the Venezuelan foreign minister said in a statement read by an anchor on state television . The statement added that the government "  condemns strongly the flagrant violations of international law " by Israel and "  denounces their planned utilization of state terrorism . " "  For the above-mentioned reasons , the government of Venezuela has decided to expel the ambassador of Israel and some of the personnel of the Israeli Embassy in Venezuela , " it added . In a news conference broadcast by state-run Venezuelan television , President Hugo Chavez blasted the Israeli military . "  They are cowards , " he said . "  It 's as though a boxing professional were to come here and challenge you to box . Well , how courageous ! How courageous is the Israeli army ! " It said that Chavez "  makes a fraternal call to the Jewish people throughout the world to oppose these criminal policies of the state of Israel that recall the worst pages of the history of the 20th century . "  With the genocide of the Palestinian people , the state of Israel will never be able to offer its people the perspective of a peace that is both necessary and long-lasting . " Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , was unswayed . "  I have n't heard the details yet , but you know the regime in Venezuela has been one of the few countries in the world that gives automatic support to the Iranian extremists , and it does n't surprise me that they have affinity with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah , " he told CNN . He predicted that other countries would not follow suit , even in the Middle East . "  I think , even in the Muslim and Arab countries , there is a fair amount of understanding for what Israel has had to do here , " he said .	NEW : Top Venezuelan diplomat may be expelled in tit-for-tat gesture Venezuela ordered Israeli ambassador to leave over the ground war in Gaza Venezuelan government statement condemned "  flagrant violations " by Israel President Hugo Chavez calls Israeli army "  cowards " Israeli spokesman says Venezuela has given "  automatic support " to extremists
CNN  -- The United States is slamming the Sudanese president 's assertion that his government would not recognize the new state of South Sudan if it claims the disputed oil-rich region of Abyei . South Sudan voted to split from the north and is scheduled to declare its independence in July . In a speech broadcast on state television Wednesday , President Omar al-Bashir said the disputed region of Abyei belongs to the north . "  Abyei is a part of the north and will remain a part of the north , " he said , according to the Sudan News Agency . A top U.S. envoy criticized the remarks . "  Those comments are not helpful at all , and they only serve to inflame and heighten tensions , " said Johnnie Carson , the assistant secretary of state for African affairs . "  It is important that both sides ... focus intensely on trying to resolve the key issues that have not been completed under the CPA . Abyei is one of them . " The CPA refers to a comprehensive peace agreement reached in 2005 that allowed South Sudan to vote in a referendum on whether to split from the north . The referendum was part of an agreement that ended two decades of violence between the north and oil-rich south . The unrest led to the deaths of 2 million people , many from starvation . South Sudan voters overwhelmingly approved the split in January . Al-Bashir has said he will honor the results , though analysts are concerned he might not keep his word . During his news conference with reporters Thursday , Carson urged al-Bashir and President of South Sudan Salva Kiir to meet and resolve outstanding issues before July . Journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	Oil-rich region of Abyei has been a flashpoint between the north and the south Abyei belongs to the north , the president says South Sudan voted to split from the north in January It is scheduled to declare its independence in July
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- A federal grand jury has indicted two Minnesota men in connection with the recruitment of Somali immigrants to fight with Islamic insurgents in their home country . Jamal Bana is one of several missing Somali-Americans believed to have fought with an Islamist insurgency . Salah Osman Ahmed and Abdifatah Yusuf Isse are charged with one count each of providing material support to terrorists and conspiracy to kill , kidnap , maim or injure people overseas , the indictment states . The recruiting effort took place between September 2007 and December 2008 , according to the charges . Ahmed also is charged with two counts of making false statements to investigators . According to the indictment , he told FBI agents that he had traveled alone on a flight to Somalia when , in fact , he and another person were going together "  so that they could fight jihad in Somalia . " Ahmed was arrested Saturday , FBI Special Agent E.K. Wilson told CNN . Isse had been in custody for some time , said Omar Jamal , the head of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center in Minneapolis . Both were from Minnesota and in their 20s , Jamal said . Jamal said Ahmed and Isse were "  foot soldiers " carrying out the work of others , and that he expected more indictments "  in a week or two . " The FBI has been investigating what appears to be a massive recruiting effort by the al Qaeda-linked Somali insurgent group al-Shabaab in immigrant communities in the United States . More than a dozen young men of Somali descent have disappeared from the Minneapolis area in recent months , and at least three have been killed in Somalia , community leaders have said . The latest , Jamal Bana , was confirmed dead over the weekend , his family said Sunday . The same day , Somalia 's president -- a former member of the Islamist movement himself -- issued a plea to Somali-Americans not to join the fight in his country . "  I am saying to those young men from abroad : ` Your families fled your home to America because of insecurity . You should not return here to foment violence against your people , ' " President Sheik Sharif Ahmed said . Al-Shabaab has ties to al Qaeda and has recruited foreign fighters to join its battle to overthrow the Somali government , U.S. officials said . It remains entrenched in the northeast and in sections south of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , after fighting that has uprooted more than 200,000 people since early May , according to the United Nations . Wilson said the number of missing men believed to be in Somalia is "  in the 10s , " but their recruitment is "  a significant concern and one that we 're giving our highest priority . " In October , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , a Somali-American believed to have been radicalized by al-Shabaab , traveled from Minneapolis to Somalia and blew up himself and 29 others . It was the first suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen , and it raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community and sparked an investigation by the FBI . Burhan Hassan , a 17-year-old Somali-American high school student in Minneapolis , went missing eight months ago , around the same time as Bana . Last month , his family learned that he was killed in Somalia . Neither family has any idea why the young males left the United States , where they came as young boys , and Bana 's family believes he was being held against his will , said Omar Jamal , head of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center in Minneapolis . "  Only one time he placed a phone call -LSB- in mid-November -RSB- , he did n't say much , " Jamal said . "  He spoke as if he was being held hostage . He could n't be speak freely . They asked him to cut the conversation short . " Hassan 's uncle , Abdirizak Bihi , said a fourth man -- 30-year-old Zakariya Maruf -- was killed Friday , but Jamal said Maruf may only be injured . Maruf was the first of the missing Somalis to head overseas , said Bihi , who has become a spokesman for the families of the missing men . Bihi called him a "  leader " whom the others consulted on travel plans . Many of the missing Somali-Americans are believed to have left for Somalia when Ethiopian forces were still on the ground . Ethiopia invaded Somalia to push the Islamists out of Mogadishu in December 2006 , but their presence in the country was an outrage to most Somalis and became a rallying cry for al-Shabaab . Ethiopian troops left Somalia this year , leaving Ahmed 's weak transitional government to battle the insurgents . CNN 's David McKenzie and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Two defendants were mere "  foot soldiers , " their legal advocate says Two charged with conspiracy , providing material support to terrorists FBI investigating Somali militants ' recruiting effort in immigrant communities in U.S. The militant group in Africa has ties to al Qaeda
CNN  -- Elisabeth Hasselbeck , co-host of "  The View " and author of the new book , "  The G-Free Diet , " spoke Wednesday with Larry King . Elizabeth Hasselbeck , of "  The View , " says Bristol Palin is an ideal choice to speak about teen abstinence . Hasselbeck offers her thoughts on being the sole conservative on her show , Elizabeth Edwards dealing with her husband 's infidelity , Bristol Palin being abstinence spokeswoman and her battle with celiac disease . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Were you surprised that "  The View " made the most influential list of Time magazine ? Elisabeth Hasselbeck : I sure was . I think it 's truly a tribute to what Barbara  Walters  has done and the show that she created along with Bill Geddie , our executive producer . It 's a great place for women to come to and listen -- men , as well . But , also , for us to get there every day and discuss everything from politics to motherhood and parenting . But it was a shock . I think any time you receive an honor such as that , it 's shocking . Watch Hasselbeck defend Bristol Palin " King : As the definitive conservative in the group , do you feel like the outcast ? Do you feel put upon ? Hasselbeck : I never feel like an outcast there . If anything , I feel more included than ever . I mean , truly that is a table where respect is number one , in terms of we sort of have a vow to one another . And we could n't come there every single day and talk about the things that -- that we discuss and have the debates that we do and get as fiery as we do and get back there the next day if there was n't that respect at the table and true value for the others ' opinion . I mean the more we tend to disagree , I think the more we sort of dig deeper into that relationship . King : So the anger does n't carry over ? Hasselbeck : No . I would n't even classify it as anger . I think it 's passion , and I think it 's passion with purpose . You know , we do believe different things at times . Occasionally , we agree . It may not be that interesting when we do , but there is passion . It is coming from different places , but we love that conversation . I love being able to hear someone else 's opinion on a subject and maybe sort of , you know , push a button here and there and see what they think about what I have to say . King also talked with Hasselbeck about Bristol Palin , the daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , being a spokeswoman for abstinence . King : What do you make of that choice ? Hasselbeck : I think she 's the perfect choice . She has a tangible , living example of what this new responsibility is in her life . I believe that there is a sort of sadistic giddiness on the part of some true radical leftists , who are laughing behind-the-scenes about Bristol Palin 's situation . Why are they so obsessed with her being a spokesperson for this ? She 's promoting a great thing -- abstinence . Find me something else that works 100 percent of the time . King : Elizabeth Edwards has gone public about her pain about her husband 's infidelity . Yesterday on this show , Elisabeth Hasselbeck , Joy Behar , your compatriot , called John Edwards a dog . Do you agree ? Hasselbeck : You never understand the intimacies of someone 's relationship with their spouse -- I mean or boyfriend , partner , etc. . Those are places that only the two people truly understand . I think we 're also looking at a woman of incredible strength , having looked at cancer and battled through . I believe that nothing , truly , can compare to that . And , you know , it 's unfortunate . I think this alleged affair and , you know , disturbance , even in terms of allegedly funding his mistress ' foundation , is even more complicating the matter . The idea of another child in the mix  is  disturbing as well . King : Elisabeth , Miss California USA Carrie Prejean -- first , the controversy over gay marriage statements and now scandal over semi-nude modeling photos of her . What do you think of the way she 's being treated in the media ? Hasselbeck : Well , I think there 's a very specific witch hunt going on here because she expressed her opinion . So now we 're going to dig and throw fear into the heart of any person who may want to freely express their opinion in the United States of America . That seems like a big bullying scheme to me . If she had answered the other way , would anyone have been searching for those photos ? Would they want to vilify her or remove what she 's been working for ? I do n't understand the pageant well , and I do n't know what her responsibilities were . Was she to represent the state of California in her opinions and was she to represent the opinions of a young woman who believed in her heart one thing ? That 's her personal opinion . I 'm not sure what her duties were or were to be . I do know this , though . I 'm not sure this investigation into any sort of photos or background or family members that they 're pulling out of left and right would have even occurred if she had given an answer on the other side . So it seems to me a bit of a bullying scheme , as I said before , and that disturbing . We should be able to have our opinions in this country and stand by them and at least be respected , at the very least . Later in the interview King talked with Hasselbeck about her new book , "  The G-Free Diet : A Gluten-Free Survival Guide . " King : Now ,  when  we think of gluten , we think of wheat , right ? Hasselbeck : Well , it 's actually more than that . Gluten is a protein found in barley , oats , wheat and rye . It 's more broad than most people actually think , so that is definitely a misconception out there . This has been a decade-long process for me . I have celiac disease , and I say out of diabetes came that low glycemic index diet and out of my celiac disease , I found this all-star diet . I call it my "  diet in the rough " because it is something that , even if I did n't have celiac disease , like many others , I would follow this diet . You know , over 10 years ago , I was diagnosed with IBS , thyroid issues . I was having infertility problems . People suffer miscarriage after miscarriage , stillbirth . It eventually leads to intestinal cancer . This is something that needs to be treated . But the diet is actually , yes , for people with celiac disease , for millions with food intolerance that is up like 25 percent in the past five years  and  for people who just want a healthy lifestyle . I mean I 'm on this diet before I 'm pregnant , during pregnancy and when I 'm trying to get back in my bikini to , you know , strut around in the summer .	Elisabeth Hasselbeck says "  radical leftists " laughing at Bristol Palin 's situation Hasselbeck calls Miss California USA controversy "  a big bullying scheme " Hasselbeck , who has celiac disease , wrote book on gluten-free lifestyle
CNN  -- Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o has moved a step closer to joining Inter Milan after agreeing personal terms with the Italian champions , his agent has revealed . Prolific striker Samuel Eto'o is on the verge of moving to Serie A with Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan . The Cameroon international will reportedly sign a five-year contract worth almost $ 15 million per season . Spanish champions Barcelona have already agreed a deal to swap Eto'o for Inter 's star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic plus $ 74 million and the loan of Nou Camp fringe player Aleksander Hleb . Sweden forward Ibrahimovic , who suffered a sprained wrist in Tuesday 's defeat by Chelsea , is still negotiating his own terms with the European champions . Latest transfer rumors and gossip Eto'o 's agent Josep Maria Mesalles told reporters on Thursday that the deal to take the 28-year-old to the San Siro was almost complete . "  It 's done . We have reached an agreement with Inter , " he said . "  Samuel talked to  coach Jose  Mourinho yesterday and is very happy to be wearing the Nerazzurri shirt . All the details have been filed . "  It 's complete harmony with us and the club . We are very happy and satisfied . The deal 's sealed , next week he will start working with Inter . "  As soon as he signs the contract he will be at Mourinho 's disposal . " Eto'o is poised to end what has recently been an acrimonious five-year stay in the Catalan capital . He was the club 's top scorer last season with 34 goals , but annoyed the club while being courted by English club Manchester City , leading coach Pep Guardiola to state that it would be best for the club if the player left despite him having been offered a new contract . Two years ago he was criticized by former teammate Ronaldinho after refusing to come on as a late substitute following his recovery from a broken leg . Eto'o will leave the Nou Camp as the fourth highest goalscorer in the club 's history , and netted in both finals as Barcelona won the Champions League in 2006 and 2009 . On Thursday Barcelona bolstered Guardiola 's strike force , announcing an agreement to sign Keirrison from Brazilian club Palmeiras . Barca will pay an initial $ 20 million for the 20-year-old forward , who will undergo a medical on Friday and sign a five-year contract . Meanwhile , Inter 's veteran France midfielder Patrick Vieira will be assessed again this week to determine whether he needs to have surgery . While Ibrahimovic 's wrist injury was not as serious as Inter first feared , Vieira may need to have an operation after it was revealed that he had torn a ligament in his left index finger .	Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o agrees reported five-year contract with Inter Milan Cameroon international will be paid a reported $ 14 million per season in Italy Barcelona are still negotiating terms with Inter 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic in swap deal Spanish champions to sign Brazilian striker Keirrison from Palmeiras on Friday
CNN  -- The Iraq War ended in December , and veterans and other citizens throughout the country have begun clamoring for local parades to celebrate the return of our Iraq veterans -- yet only one city in the nation , St. Louis , has held one . In New York , which this week hosted a ticker-tape parade for the New York Giants after they won the Super Bowl , Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said he will hold off on a celebration for Iraq veterans , as the Department of Defense has suggested , because he agrees the time is not right . And President Obama has yet to call for broader ceremonies besides a small state dinner to be held later this month for only 200 Iraq veterans . The question of whether we should commemorate our Iraq veterans is controversial in a way that it should n't be . This is n't about claiming "  mission accomplished " prematurely . The troops are finally home , and Americans across the political spectrum ought to recognize and celebrate their service . As an Iraq War veteran , I can tell you : This is n't about glorification . Nobody joined the military so they 'd one day get to walk under a hail of confetti . But a commemoration is n't about that ; it 's about validating the morally and politically difficult task of serving your country in war . While most veterans will tell you about receiving hearty thank-yous from strangers or a spontaneous round of applause every now and then , what they seldom mention are the people who feel compelled to qualify their appreciation by noting that they opposed the war . It 's time for that to end . Less than 1 % of this country has served in Iraq or Afghanistan , and this has created a civil-military divide that has alienated and isolated this generation of veterans . It has tangible consequences across issues of mental health , employment and education . Our government has expanded on the best public policy program of the last century by creating the Post-9 / 11 GI Bill . Yet some veterans struggle to use the program because of the challenge of attending class alongside students with little understanding of the experiences they 've faced . With new veterans facing 12 % unemployment last year , an epidemic of suicides , and the legacy costs of war , we not only need this country 's unreserved support -- we need its sacrifice . Americans need to hire our veterans , invest in their education , and expand on services that will help them heal from the scars of war . Instead , we risk repeating our society 's Vietnam-era mistake of marginalizing and ignoring returning service members . Already there 's been a grass-roots effort in St. Louis to turn this around . On January 28 , two civilians got on Facebook and organized a parade there that drew 100,000 supporters and 20,000 veterans from throughout the country . More importantly , though , the event was bookended by a resource fair for veterans . My organization , Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , was one of those providing employment , health and education resources to veterans after the parade . This kind of on-the-ground resource is important , because while the federal government has a critical role to play in funding services to veterans , it 's in the cities and local communities that veterans actually are administered the support they need . For example , San Francisco has created a 311 line that connects veterans with local services to give them resources beyond what the Veterans Administration can provide alone . That 's why the decision of the mayor of one of the greatest cities in the world not to be at the forefront of these efforts is so disappointing . Mayor Bloomberg , we exercised leadership overseas -- why ca n't you do the same thing at home ? To the argument that holding parades while we 're fighting in Afghanistan would be premature , I say consider this : In 2002 , the first of this generation of veterans left the military behind to rejoin their civilian counterparts . Since that time , the number has swelled to more than a million . We ca n't afford to wait for these wars to end to start taking care of those that fought in them . These two wars are inexorably intertwined in the American consciousness , but for many , they remain separate . When the last troops return from Afghanistan in a few years , the Iraq War will be a distant memory . For those who served , there will never be closure , but there can be reconciliation . I know firsthand , having protested the Iraq War and then served in it , how complicated the politics of the last decade were . But this is n't about a war overseas ; it 's about a struggle here at home to take care of this generation 's veterans , that we 'll carry with us into old age . As a country , we 're at a critical point where our approach to this generation of veterans will define whether we become the Next Greatest Generation or simply forgotten veterans of a forgotten war . I 've seen the tremendous accomplishments of my fellow veterans overseas when we all worked together . Now it 's time to do the same thing here at home . Will you have our backs ? Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Kudo .	Timothy Kudo : Some are clamoring for parades and recognition for returing Iraq vets He says Bloomberg and Pentagon want to wait , but vets need acknowledgment now He says civil-military divide alienates vets , slows connection with needed services Kudo : U.S. must step up , validate the morally , politically tough task of serving one 's country in war
CNN  An electrical failure ignited a dry,15-foot-tall Christmas tree in a fire that destroyed an Annapolis , Maryland , mansion , killing four children and their grandparents , Anne Arundel County fire officials said Wednesday . Technology executive Don Pyle ; his wife , Sandra ; and four grandchildren died in what Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agent Bill McMullan called "  a tragic accident that occurred at the worst possible time while the Pyles and their grandchildren were sleeping . " "  The involvement of the Christmas tree explains the heavy fire conditions , " Fire Chief Allan Graves said at a news conference . The grandchildren have been identified as Alexis  Lexi  Boone , 8 ; Kaitlyn  Katie  Boone , 7 ; Charlotte Boone , 8 ; and Wesley  Wes  Boone , 6 . They were the children of Sandra Pyle 's sons , Randy and Clint Boone . "  While the explanation that has been shared with us today does not bring solace , it does start us down the long road to acceptance , " a statement Wednesday from the Boone and Pyle families said . "  Our tragedy has touched many lives in many families , and , in different degrees , is shared by each of us . Our hope is that our loss will raise awareness that this tragic event could happen to any family . " The blaze started in the waterfront mansion 's great room , with 19-foot ceilings and connections to living and sleeping areas . It was fed by a towering Christmas tree that was cut about two months earlier , fire officials said . The tree was lit most of the time , officials said . "  The fuel load from the Christmas tree itself is what created the significant amount of fire and heat to cause the fire to spread as quickly as it did , " Deputy Chief Scott Hoglander said . Authorities were alerted within minutes by a fire-alarm system monitored outside the home and a neighbor 's 911 call . The home , which was constructed before 2005 legislation requiring a sprinkler system , did not have the devices . "  We 're very comfortable that this was an accidental fire , " Graves said . The medical examiner 's office positively identified the victims , officials said . Five bodies were recovered in the days after the fire ; the final one on Monday . The children were visiting their grandparents for a sleepover because January 19 was a school holiday , a family spokeswoman said . "  We believe that life is about making memories . As we work through our pain and loss , the memories we made with our family will sustain us , " the families ' statement said . Officials said they were still conducting tests to determine the exact sequence of events , but believe the fire was sparked by a faulty electrical outlet . Smoke detectors in homes are common but fire sprinklers are not , says the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Fire sprinklers reduce the death rate by 83 % , property damage by 69 % and firefighter injuries by 65 % . Fires in homes are responsible for more than 80 % of fire deaths in the United States , according to the agency . Christmas tree fires are three times more deadly than home fire in general , according to the National Fire Protection Association . Local and federal officials last week secured the structure and accessed the foundation of the 16,000-square-foot house . Cadaver dogs led them to the bodies , officials said . Authorities were initially treating the house as a crime scene . Officials said it is standard procedure for a case such as this and no evidence has been found to indicate suspicious activity . The house belonged to Pyle , chief operating officer for ScienceLogic , and his wife , Sandra , company spokesman Antonio Piraino said . The sheer size of the structure and the fact that three-fourths of the building had collapsed into the basement , with deep piles of debris still smoldering days after the blaze , compounded the search , Anne Arundel County Fire Capt. Robert Howarth said . He led the investigation along with a team from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  You 're looking at five standard houses put together , " he said last week . "  This is more of a commercial fire than it is a residential fire . There are a lot of businesses that are n't 16,000 square feet . That adds to it . " Fire officials said they were alerted to the fire about 3:30 a.m. January 19 . About 80 firefighters responded . The ATF national response team responded because the fire was deemed suspicious , Howarth said . The fire department said crews had difficulty putting out the fire because the house is secluded , apparently with no fire hydrants on the scene . Photos the fire department posted on Twitter showed hoses stretched for long distances . Davies said it took hours for fire department tanker trucks and a fire boat on an adjacent creek to bring the fire under control . Pyle 's company biography described him as an industry veteran who has held multiple CEO positions , with more than 25 years ' experience in information technology infrastructure software and hardware management . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Family statement says relatives are trying to accept what happened Four children and their grandparents died in fire at Annapolis mansion Technology executive Don Pyle owned the house
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal is looking forward to facing his rival Roger Federer in the second of two charity exhibition matches , having raised $ 2.6 million on Tuesday night . Nadal suffered a 4-6 6-3 6-3 defeat to his second-ranked Swiss opponent in their opening clash in Zurich . The contest was dubbed the "  Match for Africa " and raised funds for the Roger Federer Foundation ahead of Wednesday 's rematch in the Spanish capital Madrid . "  It 'll be very exciting for me and very emotional for me also , " Spaniard Nadal told the ATP World Tour website . Blog : Is Nadal 's battered body his biggest threat ? "  We never played together in Switzerland before but in Madrid it 's going to be the third time . We 're going to be 1-1 , he beat me in 2009 , and I beat him in 2010 , so it 's going to be a decisive moment . " The proceeds from Wednesday 's "  Joining Forces for the Benefit of Children " match will go to the 23-year-old Nadal 's charity . Sixteen-time grand slam champion Federer said winning Tuesday 's three-set event was not as important as the money it raised . "  The focus is just solely on two players and one match , " Federer said after the match . "  There was quite a pressure going into a match like this , but at the end of the day , it 's so not important who won the match tonight . "  It was a match for Africa , this money is going to go to a good cause -- for my foundation , for kids in Africa -- so I 'm so proud and so happy that we all made it work , so thanks again to everybody . " Wednesday 's head-to-head will take place at the Manzanares Park Tennis Center , home of the Madrid Masters event .	World 's top tennis duo will play the second of two exhibition matches on Wednesday Swiss No. 2 Roger Federer won the first match in Zurich 4-6 6-3 6-3 on Tuesday The two matches are taking place to raise funds for the players ' charities Proceeds from Wednesday 's match in Madrid will go to Rafael Nadal 's foundation
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Leaders of more than 30 Latin American and Caribbean nations are meeting in Mexico from Monday to launch a group that will serve as an alternative to the Organization of American States . The main difference between the OAS and the yet-to-be-named organization will be that the United States and Canada will not be members . Leaders of Latin American countries have been meeting almost every year since 1986 when the Rio Group was created by countries including Brazil , Argentina , Mexico , Colombia and Venezuela . This year 's summit is intended to take the Rio Group to a new level by creating the organization . Among the main topics to be discussed at the summit is whether to recognize Porfirio Lobo as the legitimate president of Honduras . Lobo , who took office in late January , was elected under a de facto government that resulted from a coup in June against then-president Manuel Zelaya . The ousted leader was then forced out of the country . Other topics on the agenda include the creation of a long-term plan to help Haiti recover from the devastating effects of the earthquake and Argentina 's conflict with Great Britain over oil drilling offshore from the Falkland Islands . The Unity Summit of Latin America and the Caribbean will be held in Cancun .	Leaders from more than 30 nations meet at regional summit in Cancun Objective of summit is to create alternative to OAS with U.S. , Canada Summit will discuss recgnizing Porfirio Lobo as legitimate president of Honduras
CNN  -- There are guy movies and girl movies , the latter of which the guys label "  chick flicks " and often only ever see under protest . In "  Sleepless in Seattle " the late Nora Ephron had fun with the idea that for a typical guy , the definition of a tearjerker would be "  The Dirty Dozen "  because that 's about as emotional as we fellas want to get  . Is "  Magic Mike " a chick flick ? If it is , it may the first of a new breed . It 's a crisp , unsentimental story , with none of those lingering sunset shots you find in Nicholas Sparks ' adaptations  well , OK , almost none  , and a heroine who spends most of the movie tutting her disapproval on the sidelines . But for sure , women are going to be this film 's primary audience . Why ? Because Magic Mike  Channing Tatum  is a stripper , and so is his mentor , club owner Dallas  Matthew McConaughey  , and his 19-year-old prot  g  , Adam  Alex Pettyfer  . Just a hunch , but I reckon a lot of guys are going to hold out for "  The Amazing Spider-Man " next week . Director Steven Soderbergh 's last movie was the female action film "  Haywire , " which did n't click with audiences of either sex . But he may be on to something this time . It 's a good year to be Channing Tatum From the opening shots of a buff , naughty McConaughey teasing the audience in tight leather trousers  "  What ca n't you touch ? "  , it 's clear that Soderbergh has the measure of what his audience wants . He 's going to give it to them , too , but not too much , too soon because the tease is as important as the strip . A college dropout who draws the line at taking any job that requires him to wear a tie , Adam is living with his big sister Brooke  Cody Horn  when his new buddy Mike ushers him into the delights of the Xquisite Male Dance Revue . In time-honored backstage musical tradition , "  the kid " gets thrown on stage when one of the stars ca n't go on . Next thing he knows , Adam is shopping for a stars and stripes thong for the Fourth of July special . Scripted by Reid Carolin and inspired by Channing Tatum 's own experiences as a Tampa stripper in the 1990s , "  Magic Mike " is honest about the attractions of the job  money , girls , fun  without pretending it 's a smart choice in the long run  too much fun , too many girls , not enough money  . I liked the brightly lit , casual camaraderie of the dressing room scenes , while on stage the routines here are sexy , playful and  I 'm guessing  much better choreographed than you 're likely to see downtown on a Saturday night . Brawny and bruised , Tatum does n't look like it but he is a heck of a dancer . If the movie was in 3-D you 'd probably be stuffing bills into his briefs , bills like the ones we see Mike flattening under a heavy book in one of the film 's numerous truthful touches . Less interesting is Mike 's haphazard courtship of Brooke . Is it a coincidence that Cody Horn is the daughter of Warner Bros. . President Alan Horn ? I have no idea , but she 's a bland performer and the weak link here  Olivia Munn blows her away as a slumming psychology student who is Mike 's substitute girl  .	Channing Tatum plays a stripper and Matthew McConaughey a club owner in "  Magic Mike " Director Steven Soderbergh 's last movie was the female action film "  Haywire " The movie is inspired by Tatum 's experiences as a Tampa stripper in the 1990s
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The missing engine from a US Airways jet that ditched in the Hudson River was recovered Friday , more than a week after the crash landing . A jet engine lost after Flight 1549 ditched in the Hudson River is hoisted from the water Friday . Icy conditions and strong currents hampered efforts to locate and raise the plane 's left engine , which apparently tore from the Airbus A320 when it hit the water in an emergency landing January 15 . The engine was found Wednesday in about 50 feet of water . The divers who found it reported that it was in one piece , said New Jersey State Police Sgt. Stephen Jones . A crane brought the engine up Friday afternoon as daylight began to fade . It was placed on a barge and hauled to the New Jersey side of the river , according to a spokeswoman for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which was supervising the recovery . Watch the engine pulled from Hudson River " After an initial examination at the site , the engine will be shipped with the plane 's other engine to the manufacturer , where "  the NTSB will supervise and direct a complete tear-down of each engine , " NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said . The right engine was still attached to the plane when it was pulled from the Hudson last week . It will be at least next week before any information from the initial examination is released , Knudson said . Investigators said this week that they found a single feather and evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " on the aircraft . The find reinforces the pilot 's report that the plane was brought down by a flock of birds . Pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , 58 , told investigators that his aircraft struck birds , disabling both engines , about 90 seconds after takeoff from LaGuardia Airport in New York . Map " The feather , found on a flap track on the wing , was sent to identification experts at the Smithsonian Institution , the National Transportation Safety Board said . Samples of what appears to be organic material found in the right engine and on the wings and fuselage have been sent to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Meanwhile , a pilot program involving "  birdstrike avoidance " radar systems will be expanded to include LaGuardia , said a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . See authorities ' efforts to retrieve plane " The Air Force has been using such systems at its bases for years , and last year the Port Authority -- which operates five metropolitan New York airports -- struck an agreement with the Air Force and the Federal Aviation Administration to install the bird-detecting system at John F. Kennedy International Airport . In the wake of the US Airways crash-landing , that program will be expanded to include LaGuardia and Newark International airports within a few months , according to Pasquale DiFulco , spokesman for the Port Authority . Newly released video captured seconds after the Airbus A320 ditched in the Hudson River showed passengers trying to flee the aircraft almost immediately after it settled in the water and began to float along the river current . All 155 crew members and passengers on the plane survived the incident , which Gov. David Paterson dubbed a "  miracle on the Hudson . " The video , which the Con Edison utility company released Thursday , first shows a long wake behind the plane before zooming in on the aircraft . Steam surrounds the plane as it floats with a slow counterclockwise twist . An exit hatch opens on the plane 's left side , and several people file out onto one of the plane 's wings . Seconds later , an inflatable evacuation ramp extends from the opposite side of the plane . Watch their escape " Passengers run onto the plane 's other wing as the aircraft floats off-screen for a few seconds . The camera jerks , and when the plane reappears , passengers can be seen at the bottom of the inflatable ramp . Some passengers jump into the water , which was a chilly 41 degrees when the plane splashed down on the afternoon of January 15 . Within minutes , a ferry and other boats come into the picture and begin to take the people aboard . The video came from a surveillance camera at Con Edison 's 59th Street Station , a steam plant , spokesman Chris Olert said . A person manning the camera from inside the plant saw the plane hit the water and redirected the camera , Olert said . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Mike Ahlers and Alona Rivord contributed to this report .	Missing engine recovered from Hudson , hauled to New Jersey riverbank Video shows at least two passengers jump off plane 's wings into chilly Hudson River Single feather and evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " found on plane US Airways flight crash-landed in river after reportedly hitting flock of birds
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Federal officials are investigating whether this week 's Pacific storms caused a pilot to crash his small plane into a mountain in a southern California state park , authorities said Friday . It is the second death that might be related to the storms . Christopher Julius Petrikas , 65 , a former commercial airline pilot from Riverside , California , slammed his twin-engine Aero Commander plane into a 3,300-foot mountain summit in Lake Perris State Recreation Area on Monday , authorities said . That park is just 11 miles from the city where Petrikas lived . He was the small plane 's sole occupant . On Friday , Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said his agency and the National Transportation Safety Board will examine if the weather was a factor in the fatal crash . "  Yes , weather will be among the factors NTSB and FAA examine , " Gregor said in an e-mail response to CNN . The state park 's superintendent , John Rowe , said visibility on the mountain was poor around the time of the crash . "  The weather was not favorable at that time of the morning , " Rowe told CNN on Friday . "  Visibility was between 100 yards and sometimes , at the top of the mountain , it would be 10 to 15 yards when my partners and I were searching up there . We could n't even see the sheriff 's helicopter . " The other life that might have been taken by the storms was that of Angela Marie Wright , 39 , of Menifee , California , who also died in Riverside County when her car was swept off a road and into Canyon Lake on Wednesday , according to the coroner 's office . "  Weather might have been a factor , but we ca n't determine that until we complete the investigation , " Riverside County Sheriff 's Deputy Melissa Nieburger said Friday . "  We 're investigating that as a traffic collision . " Overall on Friday , rain-soaked residents of California were enjoying a reprieve from the storms that inundated the state for most of the previous week . Another round of wet weather was expected to hit the West Coast over the holiday weekend . During Friday 's break in the storm fronts , authorities were able to provide a detailed account of the dramatic search for the downed pilot . Rains so deluged the chaparral , grasslands , and hiking and equestrian trails on the mountain that Rowe 's four-wheel drive vehicle became stranded and a park ranger 's all-terrain vehicle toppled over , Rowe said . So his crews searched on foot in the rain for about 1.5 miles until they discovered the wreck and dead pilot , he said . "  That 's how messy it was . The trails were running like small rivers so it made recovery efforts very , very difficult , " Rowe said . The plane was found near a World War II crash site where a training plane from nearby March Air Reserve Base also hit the mountain and killed its crew , Rowe said . Petrikas , the small plane 's pilot , began his 75-mile flight from Palm Springs to Chino around 9 a.m. Monday , but when he did n't land on time , authorities launched a search for him , Rowe said . The pilot was found after the Riverside County sheriff 's office pinged his cell phone and investigators were able to track down his location , Rowe said . The eight-hour recovery mission left some search members with near hypothermia because of prolonged exposure to rain that fell at a rate of a half-inch or an inch an hour , Rowe said . Sixteen low-security state inmates , who are often used for brush clearing in wildfires , were deployed in the search , and they had to carry Petrikas ' body for three miles from the soaked mountaintop , Rowe said . Rangers ' stranded vehicles were left abandoned for four days because the heavy rain and mud made it impossible for them to be moved , Rowe said . The wrecked plane , which remains on the park summit , could be retrieved by next week , he said . Friday marked Southern California 's second day of sunshine after five days of storms . At Malibu 's renowned Surfrider Beach , surfers dressed as Santa Claus , Mrs. Claus and Frosty the Snowman were riding mild waves during a lull in the weather Thursday , said Malibu resident Julie Ellerton , who videotaped the spectacle for a CNN iReport . But many residents of the region and three nearby Southwest states spent the time recovering from the damage wrought by torrential rains . California Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado late Thursday afternoon proclaimed a state of emergency for Kings , Los Angeles and Santa Barbara counties , to expedite government assistance and aid to the region . Two days earlier , a similar order was issued -- by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger -- for Kern , Orange , Riverside , San Bernardino , San Luis Obispo and Tulare counties . Maldonado is serving as acting governor while Schwarzenegger is out of the state . The series of Pacific fronts pounded southern California hardest , but the storms also strafed western Arizona , southern Nevada and southwestern Utah , which all were under flood watches and warnings that stretched until early Friday morning . Mudslides remain a threat because of the soggy ground . Conditions cleared in much of those areas Thursday , but the damage left by days of seemingly nonstop rain remained . That meant the chore of the day was cleaning up mud and flood damage to many homes and businesses . They may not have long to dry out : The National Weather Service forecasts that another storm system could dump light to moderate rainfall on much of southern California on Christmas Day and Sunday . Rainfall accumulation measurements at airports in Los Angeles , Long Beach , Camarillo , Santa Barbara and Santa Maria for the month -- ranging from 6 to 8.9 inches -- made this December the wettest ever in each of those locales , even with more than a week still to go . In one stark image , the field and sprawling parking lot of Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego was under water early Thursday , as crews worked desperately to pump out water . They succeeded , as the Naval Academy and San Diego State University faced off in college football 's Poinsettia Bowl . The Mojave River was one of many at dangerously high levels , reaching 16.6 feet -- 0.6 feet above flood stage -- at 11 a.m. Thursday . The heavy rains also produced potential health hazards for swimmers and surfers on particular parts of Los Angeles ' beaches , and Los Angeles County officials warned recreational users to be careful when next to drains or waterways because they carry bacteria and trash from streets and mountainsides . "  Fortunately , discharging storm drains , creeks , and rivers only comprises a small portion of the beach , and therefore , anybody who wants to go to the beach will be able to enjoy their outing , " said Jonathan E. Fielding , the county 's public health director and health officer . Throughout the Southwest , water roared through desert washes and urban waterways alike , and the ferocious strength of the rapids often damaged bridges or suburban concrete creek beds -- and dumped mud everywhere . The series of storms is known as the "  Pineapple Express " because of its origin near the Hawaiian Islands . The upside to the severe weather , according to experts , is the relief the heavy rainfall has brought to a region devastated by drought and fires . The storms also brought heavy snow to mountain areas in California and other states . The National Weather Service issued hazardous weather outlooks for northern Nevada , Utah , Wyoming and most of Colorado . An avalanche warning was in effect for parts of Colorado . And locally heavy snow was forecast for much of the country 's midsection , with the weather agency issuing advisories from Kansas east to Ohio . CNN 's Jessica Jordan , Kara Devlin , Chuck Conder , Daphne Sashin , Christina Zdanowicz and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : FAA is investigating whether this week 's torrential rains caused a small plane crash NEW : Searcher recounts the drama of carrying the pilot 's body off the mountain Authorities are also investigating whether a woman 's death is storm-related Residents of parts of the Southwest fear mudslides and flood surges
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Porn icon Marilyn Chambers was found dead in her Los Angeles home Sunday night , but investigators do not suspect foul play , according to a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman . Marilyn Chambers rose to fame as an adult-film actress in the 1970s . Chambers began her career in 1970 as a model for Ivory Snow soap , and starred two years later in the porn classic "  Behind the Green Door . " "  She was a really nice girl , " said actor Ron Jeremy , who co-starred with Chambers in adult films starting in the 1970s . Chambers ' death was a "  total shock , " Jeremy said , because they had been scheduled to sign a contract Monday to perform together in an off-Broadway "  tongue-in-cheek " re-enactment of the porn classic "  Deep Throat . " "  What 's strange is that she was at a stage where she was totally happy and totally content with her life , " Jeremy said . "  Her life was falling together , and she was doing really well . " A family member found Chambers , 56 , in the mobile home where she lived in the Canyon Country area and called police Sunday evening , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitemore said . The death appeared to be from natural causes , although toxicology tests have not been completed , Whitemore said . The coroner 's investigation has not been completed , and no cause of death has been determined , according to a spokesman with the Los Angeles Medical Examiner 's office . Although her career was mostly in X-rated films , Chambers ' fame was boosted by the irony that her face had graced the Ivory Snow box , a soap advertised as "  99 and 44/100 percent pure . " Chambers eventually co-starred with all of the best-known porn actors of the 1970s and 1980s , Jeremy said .	NEW : She had been set to sign contract for off-Broadway show with Ron Jeremy Marilyn Chambers starred in some of the most famous porn movies of '70s Chambers , once a model for Ivory Snow , was in "  Behind the Green Door " Chambers ' body was found Sunday ; investigators do not suspect foul play
CNN  -- Seven years after devastating terrorist attacks brought death to New York 's World Trade Centers , the Pentagon and a Pennsylvania field , the first permanent , on-site memorial is being dedicated Thursday at the Pentagon . An artist 's rendering shows the New York 9/11 memorial , with the museum entry pavilion between two pools . Official memorials at the other two sites are still years away . In New York , construction has begun on a complex that will include a memorial with a tree-shaded plaza and reflecting pools , and an underground museum with an entry pavilion . It 's part of a bigger project , including new office towers and a transportation hub , whose target date has been repeatedly delayed . The goal is to open the memorial to the public by the 10th anniversary of the attacks , in 2011 , and the museum by the year after . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg stressed the importance of those dates and called progress "  frustratingly slow " in an opinion piece published Wednesday in the Wall Street Journal . "  The memorial must be completed by the 10th anniversary , " Bloomberg wrote . "  No more excuses , no more delays . " Watch and listen to Thursday 's memorial services " However , on CNN 's "  American Morning " Thursday , Bloomberg said quality is more important than speed of construction . "  We want to make sure what we build is the right thing , that 100 years from now people will look back and say , ` They built it well and built the right thing , ' " Bloomberg said . "  Nobody 's going to remember if it took five years or 10 years . I 'd like it to go faster . I 've recommended we reduce the level of bureaucracy , but that 's not our number one priority . " Federal , state and local governments , as well as several agencies and private developers are involved in the planning and construction . "  It 's a complex site , and there was an extensive public process involved in determining the plans for the site , " Lynn Rasic of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum said Wednesday . "  And I think what 's important now is that we look forward and do everything possible to meet the 10th anniversary date . " iReport : How are you observing 9/11 ? The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which owns the trade center site , says it 's on board as far as the date for opening the memorial . Completion dates for the museum and pavilion are part of a review to be finished by September 30 , Port Authority spokesman Steve Coleman said . "  We do n't want to put any more false hopes , false dates out there in the public domain that ca n't be met . That 's why they want to make sure this thing is a thorough review and we have realistic and achievable dates that we come out with , " he said . Coleman said the Port Authority has n't felt pressure from families of September 11 victims to speed up the process . "  What we 're hearing from family members is that they want to see it done right , rather than rushed , " he said . The memorial will feature two huge reflecting pools , with waterfalls flowing down their sides , where the iconic twin towers stood , according to the memorial 's Web site . Engraved around the pools will be the names of those who died in the September 11 attacks as well as the victims of a 1993 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center . Watch and listen to sights and sounds from 9/11 " The steel and glass entry pavilion will include two large steel columns salvaged from the twin towers . As visitors descend underground into the museum , they 'll see the slurry wall , the bedrock that held back the Hudson River when the towers collapsed . The Pennsylvania memorial is also scheduled to be completed by the 10th anniversary of the attacks . It will center on the site where United Flight 93 crashed after passengers apparently wrested control of the plane from the hijackers . A plaza will surround the crash site , known as Sacred Ground . Plans call for a Tower of Voices , with 40 windchimes representing the 40 passengers and crew members who died . The Pentagon memorial , opening Thursday , includes a bench , a tree and a pool for each of the 184 people killed there when another hijacked airliner crashed into the building . Watch a victim 's family tour Pentagon memorial " The areas are arranged in order of the victims ' ages , ranging from the youngest , 3-year-old Dana Falkenberg , to the oldest , John D. Yamnicky , 71 , according to a Defense Department Web site . "  When we learned that there were five children who lost their lives that day , that 's really what sparked the idea , " designer Keith Kaseman said . To read the name of a person killed in the Pentagon , a visitor must look toward the building ; if the victim was on board the airplane , the name can be seen by looking up . After dedication ceremonies , the memorial opens to the public at 7 p.m. ET . "  This place is really all about the visitor 's thoughts , your interpretation , " Kaseman said .	World Trade Center memorial plaza scheduled to open in 2011 , museum in 2012 Memorial at Pennsylvania plane crash site also due to open in 2011 Pentagon memorial including benches , trees , pools is dedicated Thursday Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
CNN  -- The television news anchor who misreported the names of the four pilots who were aboard Asiana Airlines Flight 214 when it crash-landed last week in San Francisco apologized Saturday for the screwup . "  Apologies to all upset by a story on Noon News , " tweeted Tori Campbell of KTVU , a CNN affiliate in Oakland , California . "  A serious mistake was made @KTVU . My thoughts are w/victims of Flt 214 & families . " The bogus names phonetically spelled out phrases such as "  Something Wrong " and "  We Too Low . " Campbell 's apology followed by one day an apology by the National Transportation Safety Board for the "  inaccurate and offensive " names that were erroneously confirmed by a summer intern . "  Earlier today , in response to an inquiry from a media outlet , a summer intern acted outside the scope of his authority when he erroneously confirmed the names of the flight crew on the aircraft , " the NTSB said Friday in a statement . Opinion : How to save your life in a plane crash Campbell read the names during KTVU 's noon broadcast on Friday , after which the news station apologized on air and on its website . "  Nothing is more important to us than having the highest level of accuracy and integrity , and we are reviewing our procedures to ensure this type of error does not happen again , " KTVU posted on its website . The station said the names were confirmed by an NTSB official in Washington prior to air . It was not immediately clear who produced the fake names , but the NTSB said it was not the intern . "  The names were presented by the station , to the intern for confirmation , " said NTSB spokeswoman Kelly Nantel . "  The intern did not make up the names and provide them to the station . " The NTSB said it does not release or confirm the identities of crew members or people involved in transportation accidents . "  We work hard to ensure that only appropriate factual information regarding an investigation is released and deeply regret today 's incident , " the NTSB statement said . The NTSB did not identify the intern , but said , "  Appropriate actions will be taken to ensure that such a serious error is not repeated . " Asiana Airlines has identified the pilot flying the Boeing 777 that crashed at San Francisco International Airport as Lee Kang-Kuk . Did Asiana pilot have enough 777 experience ? Asiana Flight 214 was carrying 291 passengers and 16 crew members when it crash landed Saturday on the runway after striking a seawall . Three passengers died , including a girl who died of her injuries Friday morning . More than 180 others were injured .	NEW : "  Apologies to all upset by a story on Noon News , " anchor Tori Campbell tweets KTVU read the names on air , then apologized An intern erroneously confirmed the names of the flight crew , the NTSB says
CNN  -- As Iraqi officials speak loftily of ethnic and political reconciliation , Abu Wissam seethes . In April 2006 , two Iraqis mourn a relative slain in sectarian violence in the city of Falluja . He wants cold , hard justice for the killers of his son , Raed , a 25-year-old business school graduate , "  cut to pieces " by Mehdi Army militia members in their Baghdad neighborhood . The Wissams are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis caught in the maelstrom of the militia violence that rippled across Iraq after the 2006 bombing in Samarra of the Askariya Mosque , a Shiite shrine . The kind of trauma and pain endured by the Wissam family is kindling an interest in a social healing process adopted by countries around the world -- truth commissions . They are bodies across the globe that have provided a forum for victims and perpetrators to give cathartic public testimony on human rights abuses and come up with policy recommendations to correct the root cause of the abuses . "  Iraq , like many Arab cultures , is an intensely rich narrative culture , " said Miranda Sissons , Iraq director of the International Center for Transitional Justice , which helps countries pursuing accountability for past mass atrocities and human rights abuses . "  The idea of standing up and witnessing is tremendously appealing , the kind of act and mechanism they can understand . " Watch how the "  business of death " continues to thrive " The U.S. Institute of Peace -- one of the independent agencies behind the all-important Iraq Study Group report in 2006 -- is backing an initiative in Iraq to generate understanding and "  spark public dialogue on the usefulness of the truth commission process . " The institute is teaming up with Iraq 's Ministry of Human Rights to screen a USIP film across Iraq about the work of four different commissions . Called "  Confronting The Truth : Truth Commissions and Societies in Transition , " the film -- produced by York Zimmerman and Peter Ackerman -- explores the workings of such commissions in South Africa , Peru , Morocco and East Timor . The film is getting some good reviews among Iraqis . "  The truth commission process is one in which you encourage folks to directly confront that past and how to get behind it , " said Sermid Al-Sarraf , the executive director of the International Institute for the Rule of Law , a group that manages USIP 's rule of law programs in Iraq . Truth commissions and other conflict-resolution strategies have been on Iraq 's radar for years . Oral history projects have emerged , one being the Iraq History Project -- which "  gathers and analyzes personal narratives from victims , their families , witnesses , perpetrators and others " about the "  torture , massacres , assassinations , rape , chemical weapons attacks , disappearances , and other acts of systematic repression " during the Saddam Hussein regime . That project is managed by the International Human Rights Law Institute of DePaul University College of Law in Chicago and is run by an all-Iraqi in-country staff . Last year , Nobel Peace Prize winner Martti Ahtisaari 's Crisis Management Initiative and a conflict-resolution initiative at the University of Massachusetts Boston were behind an effort to forge the so-called Helsinki agreement -- a statement of reconciliation principles among a wide range of Iraqi politicians . That process was notable because former antagonists in Northern Ireland and South Africa worked with the Iraqis . Padraig O'Malley , a UMass conflict-resolution professor involved in the Helsinki process , is planning a three-day forum in April for "  divided cities , " where officials from ethnically tense Kirkuk in Iraq will discuss common problems with officials from Derry/Londonderry and Belfast in Northern Ireland , Nicosia in Cyprus , and Mitrovica in Kosovo . The International Center for Transitional Justice says Coalition Provisional Authority officials initially proposed a "  truth-seeking commission " for Iraq in 2003 but eventually decided to "  delay the process " in order for Iraqis to rigorously study other truth-telling efforts , as advocated by the center . In 2005 , the center also discussed the establishment of a center for the missing and disappeared . As for truth commissions today , some observers say there has n't been the political will on the part of the national government to pursue one . So says Joost Hilterman , International Crisis Group deputy program director for the Middle East and North Africa . He has argued in the past for the establishment of a truth commission process and believes such a process , for example , would have been the proper way to deal with the challenge of de-Baathification . "  I 'm not against floating the idea , " Hilterman said , but there 's "  no chance in hell " it would happen anytime soon . Eduardo Gonzalez , the Americas deputy director of the transitional justice center , had been a staffer on the Peruvian Truth and Reconciliation Commission , where he was responsible for public hearings and victims and witnesses protection . He was interviewed in the USIP video , which featured touching testimony from victims of the warfare between government troops and Shining Path guerrillas between 1980 and 2000 . Gonzalez stressed the need to produce an accurate account of abuses , provide explanations for what happened , provide the proper opportunity for victims to be recognized , and help the society steer a new course for the future . Truth commissions do n't function as courts , and there are only rare occasions , such as in East Timor , where punishment would be meted out . "  Truth commissions , done right , could created a public dialogue , " he said . He thinks a national Iraqi truth commission would probably be a few years down the road . But he thinks it 's more likely that a particular city , province or region could pursue them . One particular truth commission , in Morocco , has been cited as one that Iraq could study . That 's because it was the first one in the Arab world and it detailed human rights abuses from 1956 to 1999 under King Hassan II . Gonzalez said Iraq can benefit from studying all models , but he notes they share one thing -- a commitment to objectivity . The ICTJ 's Sissons notes that the British explored the idea of a truth commission as well , but experts told them Iraqis and not outsiders are the ones who need to pursue such an idea . She also said "  the scale of violence " in Iraq and the "  nature and complexity " of it "  is so vast " that the German war crimes tribunals after World War II and the reparations to Holocaust victims come to mind . But if a truth initiative is to be effective , it would have to be rigorously designed and properly framed , with a "  distinct focus " and an "  achievable mandate , " she said . There must be commitment , goals , dedication and governmental support in areas such as subpoenaing records . "  You do n't just tell the truth , hold hands and sing ` Kumbaya , ' " she said . But they can be very useful in Iraq , an "  evidence-rich environment . " She said truth-telling commissions there could lead to many improvements in society , such as better detention registration policies , higher forensic standards , a freedom of information law , and a far-reaching reparations strategy . As for the man on the street , people who gather at Abu Wissam 's house to talk about the violence they 've endured do n't talk of forgiveness . They want the killers of their kin to be put to death . Al-Sarraf and others all agree justice must be served in cases of heinous crime . But he seized on the concept of forgiveness . It 's an Islamic virtue , and it could play a powerful role in a truth-telling initiative . "  Even though there is the principle of ` eye for an eye , ' there is also the higher ideal of mercy , " he said . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Relatives of slain Iraqis struggle with feelings of grief , revenge Truth commissions provide forums for victims to be heard , perpetrators to testify Process lets participants "  directly confront " the past Truth commissions could lead to other societal improvements , backers say
UK police and emergency services were heavily criticized Wednesday for their handling of a tragedy at a soccer ground in 1989 in which 96 people died , after an independent panel for the first time reviewed thousands of documents previously kept out of public sight . The crush at Sheffield 's Hillsborough Stadium on April 15 , 1989 , has cast a lasting shadow over Liverpool and the surrounding Merseyside area . The families of those killed and injured have for two decades battled to get to the truth about what happened on that awful day -- and to overturn what the independent panel found were "  strenuous attempts " by police to deflect responsibility for the disaster to Liverpool fans by falsely claiming they were drunk and aggressive . The report released Wednesday reveals serious failings by police and emergency services and casts doubt on the original inquest 's finding of accidental death . The panel also says the evidence indicated as many as 41 of those crushed could potentially have survived . "  A swifter , more appropriate , better focused and properly equipped response had the potential to save more lives , " the report said . Prime Minister David Cameron said he is "  profoundly sorry " about what happened and apologized for the long delay in giving answers to all those affected by "  one of the greatest peacetime tragedies of the last century . " "  The new evidence that we are presented with today makes clear that these families have suffered a double injustice , " he told lawmakers in the House of Commons . "  The injustice of the appalling events -- the failure of the state to protect their loved ones and the indefensible wait to get to the truth . "  And the injustice of the denigration of the deceased -- that they were somehow at fault for their own deaths . " Cameron 's apology on behalf of the government was the first offered to those whose lives were devastated by the Hillsborough disaster . The tragedy occurred when thousands of fans were let in through a gate into an already crowded standing area , leading many to be crushed against metal fences and concrete walls . Horrifying images from the scene showed panicked men , women and children pushed and trampled with nowhere to go as police lost control of the crowd . Of some 25,000 Liverpool fans who had traveled to Sheffield to watch their team play , 96 never came home . The victims ' families , whose long campaign for justice led to the establishment last year of the Hillsborough Independent Panel , were the first to see its report Wednesday morning . Speaking at a vigil held in Liverpool Wednesday evening , Margaret Aspinall of the Hillsborough Family Support Group said the families ' journey was nearly over but one more step remained : for a new inquest to be held . Anne Williams of the group Hope for Hillsborough said her teenage son Kevin was one of those who might have lived with appropriate medical help . She also insisted on the need for a new inquest . "  My son and 95 Liverpool fans did not die in an accident . They were unlawfully killed at the least , " she said . In its study of about 450,000 pages of documents , the panel found evidence that South Yorkshire Police sought to deflect responsibility for the disaster to Liverpool fans , presenting a case that emphasized exceptional levels of drunkenness and aggression among them . There is no evidence to support this view , the report said . "  A narrative about hooliganism on that day was created which led many in the country to accept that it was somehow a gray area , " Cameron said . "  Today 's report is black and white . The Liverpool fans ` were not the cause of the disaster . ' " The panel 's analysis of the evidence found that substantive amendments were made by South Yorkshire Police to remove and alter comments unfavorable to their organization . Of 164 police statements that were "  significantly amended , " 116 were doctored to remove negative comments about the force 's response and leadership , the report said . The insult was compounded by a story published at the time in The Sun newspaper , headlined "  The Truth , " in which it was falsely reported that Liverpool fans had been drunk , violent and had stolen from the dead . Those false claims have for the first time been traced back to South Yorkshire Police sources , Cameron said . The current editor of The Sun , Dominic Mohan , said in a statement released Thursday that the newspaper is "  deeply ashamed and profoundly sorry " for having reported that untrue version of events . "  Twenty-three years ago The Sun newspaper made a terrible mistake . We published an inaccurate and offensive story about the events at Hillsborough . We said it was the truth -- it was n't , " he wrote . The report also shows for the first time that South Yorkshire Metropolitan Ambulance Service documents were subject to the same kind of alterations as those of police , and that the ambulance service failed to implement its major incident plan properly . Relatives have long believed that some of those caught up in the crush could have lived if they had received timely medical treatment . An investigation by safety officers found that the grounds were structurally unsafe and that the stadium , which is home to the Sheffield Wednesday football club , should not have been used for the match , in which Liverpool played Nottingham Forest in an FA Cup semifinal . Severely restricted turnstiles , poor conditions on the terraces and inadequate safety barriers with virtually no means of escape all contributed to the deadly crush , the panel found . The panel 's report also raised profound concerns about the conduct of the original inquest into the deaths , held in 1991 , which operated on the assumption that all the deaths occurred within 15 minutes of the crush . Cameron said the attorney general would study the newly revealed evidence immediately , and could choose to request a new inquest . He said that while the panel found the language used in government papers at the time was "  insensitive , " it found no evidence that the government , then headed by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , tried to conceal the truth of what had happened . Cameron said the report would make "  harrowing " and uncomfortable reading for many people , but it was right that the truth had finally been revealed . The Right Rev. James Jones , bishop of Liverpool , who chaired the panel , said it had produced the report "  in the profound hope that greater transparency will bring to the families and the wider public a greater understanding of the tragedy and its aftermath . " "  For it is only with this transparency , " he added , "  that the families and survivors , who have behaved with such dignity , can with some sense of truth and justice cherish the memory of their 96 loved ones . " A two-minute silence will be held in Liverpool on Wednesday afternoon in memory of those killed . The current chief constable of South Yorkshire Police , David Crompton , said he is "  profoundly sorry " for what had happened on April 15 , 1989 , and for what had followed . "  On that day South Yorkshire Police failed the victims and families . The police lost control , " he said . "  In the immediate aftermath senior officers sought to change the record of events . Disgraceful lies were told which blamed the Liverpool fans for the disaster . "  Statements were altered which sought to minimize police blame . These actions have caused untold pain and distress for over 23 years . " However , the force is "  a very different place in 2012 from what it was 23 years ago , " he added , and it is committed to being open and transparent as the panel seeks answers . An online archive of the documents is to be made available to the public beginning Wednesday . Sheffield Wednesday , which still plays at Hillsborough , also offered its "  sincere condolences and an apology to all the families who have suffered " as a result of the tragedy , in an online statement . The impact of English football 's darkest day lives on in the tributes still paid by Liverpool to its lost sons and daughters , husbands and fathers . But the tragedy also forced the sport to change on a national basis , and in a way still felt today , with stadiums modernized and made more family friendly , leading in turn to greater investment from sponsors and TV broadcasters .	The mother of a victim vows to continue the fight for a new inquest verdict "  These families have suffered a double injustice , " PM David Cameron says A panel finds that police and ambulance services sought to deflect blame to the fans 96 people died and hundreds were injured in the crush at Hillsborough Stadium
CNN  -- In the first three months of this year , there were 73 homicides in Chicago -- and nearly half the victims were 25 or younger . Gang violence is especially rampant in the Roseland neighborhood that CNN Hero Diane Latiker calls home . But she 's on a crusade to make her community safer for its youth . Latiker started a nonprofit program called Kids Off the Block , which has been giving young people an alternative to street life since 2003 . Latiker , 54 , recently spoke with CNN 's Allie Torgan about the stone memorial she created in Roseland . The stones in the memorial represent each local youth who has been killed in recent years . Allie Torgan : Why did you create this memorial , and what inspired it ? Diane Latiker : The whole purpose of it being there is to shock the community and shock the young people that we 're losing a generation to themselves . Blair Holt was killed in May of 2007 . He was on the CTA  Chicago Transit Authority  bus coming from Julian High School . A 14-year-old got on the bus with a gun and sprayed the bus . Blair Holt , he jumped over the girl next to him to save her life . And he was killed . I was in Home Depot the day before his funeral , and I saw these stones and they looked like little headstones . And I said , "  Wow , that would really get people 's attention if we put their names on  them  . " Blair Holt was the first name that we put on a stone , and we put it on a little memorial and put the stones on there . It grew from those 30 stones to 220 right now . And we 're 150 stones behind . This memorial says more than there 's a generation dying . It says , "  What are we doing ? " I know what we 're doing . We 're being silent . Where are we as adults ? Why do n't we question them and say , "  What 's making you angry ? " Torgan : What is Kids Off the Block doing to keep the headstone numbers from growing ? Latiker : I tell kids when they walk through the doors , "  This is a peace place , this is a safe place . " We 've had six gangs in my living room at one time . ... But that was the safe place . And you know what ? They respected that . They could sit down together , they could eat together and they could talk about their problems together because  the rule  was set when they came in the door . We 're here to help . We 're not here to judge . We listen . I listen to young people . That 's the only way they 're going to listen to me . All of them are not gang-bangers . All of them are not dropouts . But the ones that are , they need our help . I believe that I can do things and I can change people . And it 's been working , because there 's a generation that believes in what I 'm talking about . You see that they 've done something . And then they start helping you , and they start helping their families . And the gangs do n't seem so important anymore . Or the guns . School seems important . And a job . That 's what keeps me going . Torgan : Tell me about Roseland and your hopes for its future . Latiker : Roseland , right now , is in economic stress . The environment feels very hopeless , especially for young people . It 's blighted : a lot of vacant lots , abandoned buildings , crime . But it 's a community on the rebound , and it 's because there are people here who care . I thought about moving . But I decided not to . I 'm not going anywhere . If more of us came outside , we would n't be scared . I figure I can make a change . If I can make a change in a generation , then my community 's going to get better because they 're going to be the ones that take it over . I believe Roseland 's going to bounce back . I just want to be a part of it . Read the full story on CNN Hero Diane Latiker : Grandmother helping Chicago kids ` off the block '	Gang violence has been a problem in Chicago , especially in the Roseland neighborhood One Roseland resident is trying to take back the community by reaching out to young people Diane Latiker : "  I listen to young people . That 's the only way they 're going to listen to me " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
Madrid  CNN  -- A wealthy mayor from Lebanon has been arrested in Spain for allegedly offering to pay $ 55,000 to poor people to obtain liver tissue for his liver transplant , police and a government official announced Wednesday . It 's the first time that potential human organ trafficking , a worrisome international crime , has been detected in Spain , authorities said . The mayor , a 61-year-old man , was arrested on January 30 at Manises Airport in Valencia . He has since appeared before a judge , who filed preliminary charges for alleged organ trafficking and released him on condition that he surrender his passport and remain in Spain , police and the official said at a Madrid news conference . Authorities , including Spain 's director general of national police , would not name the mayor because of an ongoing court investigation . Nor would they release the names of his alleged accomplices -- three Lebanese and a Palestinian who also were arrested in Spain . "  The police have helped to fight one of the scars of the 21st century , which is organ trafficking , " Rafael Matesanz , director of the government 's National Transplants Organization , said at the news conference . "  It 's the first case that we have detected in Spain , of some people who come from foreign countries and who try to get some poor people , some immigrants , " to sell a piece of their liver for a transplant , Matesanz said . The mayor 's alleged accomplices recruited and later paid for nine poor people -- eight immigrants and a Spaniard -- to have specialized liver compatibility tests at a clinic in Valencia last summer , police say . The combined tests cost $ 16,000 , which the mayor 's aides allegedly paid . Some of the nine people also received small sums of money for taking part , police said . Just one man , a Romanian immigrant , met the medical criteria for the liver tissue removal and , posing as a legitimate donor , he accompanied the Lebanese mayor last summer to a Barcelona clinic that specializes in liver transplants . But medical workers there , following strict protocols against human organ trafficking , prevented it . Spain is considered a world leader in legal organ transplants , and under its rules , human donors must do so only for altruistic reasons and must be family members or close friends of the recipient . The hospital quickly discovered that the Romanian immigrant and the Lebanese mayor had no such relationship , authorities said . The mayor eventually got his liver transplant in Barcelona , using tissue donated by his son , who had earlier been turned down as a donor in Lebanon , Spanish authorities said . But in Valencia , police were already investigating a tip from a nongovernmental organization that works with immigrants , which reported that an Algerian woman had complained that people were offering her money for part of her liver . The Algerian woman was among the nine people who eventually took the liver compatibility tests . Further investigation into the people who were recruiting and paying for those tests led police to the Lebanese mayor , and to the Lebanese suspects and the Palestinian , who live in Spain , authorities said . The mayor 's arrest occurred when he flew back to Spain for a medical checkup . The suspects could face 12 years in prison if convicted , but the court 's investigation is still preliminary , with no indictments , which are a necessary step before any trial can be held . "  The main message is that no country is totally free of this problem , so that everybody should be alert , " Matesanz said . "  Organ trafficking is more or less like slaves of some centuries ago . It 's the way some people really control other people . It 's exploitation of human beings . "	He offered $ 55,000 to poor people for liver tissue , police and a government official say The mayor , 61 , was arrested on January 30 at an airport in Valencia , Spain Authorities would not name the mayor because of an ongoing court investigation Accomplices allegedly recruited nine people to have liver compatibility tests at a clinic
CNN  Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending Clinton story rumbles on . She has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century . She started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state . The Republicans have their aristocratic Bushes , the Democrats have their Clintons . And if Hillary or Jeb were to win two presidential terms , then in the 44 years from 1981 to 2025 , 28 will have had a Clinton or a Bush in the White House . The great American republic now looks about as democratic as "  Game of Thrones . " But even though Hillary Clinton has been around nearly my entire lifetime , The Economist may speak for many when it asks : "  What does Hillary stand for ? " There is a paradox she presents : She is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties and , for the moment , almost unchallenged within her own . Yet even though Diane Feinstein can assert confidently that Hillary "  does n't ` need '  the White House  . But she wants it " -- the question unanswered is "  What for ? " And for liberals , who believe that government is there to do something , it 's this lack of definition that is surely so disconcerting about Clinton . There are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton . The economy has revived under Obama but , say critics , largely to the benefit of Wall Street and the super-rich . The riots in Ferguson , Missouri , were a painful reminder that the poor , particularly the nonwhite poor , have been left behind . Clinton 's credentials as a fighter against inequality are mixed . It is true , as the Wall Street Times notes , that she has previously called for "  universal prekindergarten , equal pay for women , increases in the minimum wage , paid family leave , higher taxes on the wealthy and an expanded Earned Income Tax Credit for working-poor families . " But she counts among her friends precisely those corporate people blamed by the Occupy crowd for the country 's inequality . Clinton is now , wisely , trying to distance herself from the Clinton Foundation -- after all , its fundraising efforts among foreign interests are hardly the stuff of populist liberalism . Then there is her foreign policy record . Clinton voted in 2002 to authorize the Iraq War  though in her memoir last year , she backed away from the vote , writing that she "  got it wrong . "  As secretary of state , she is easily associated in the mind of the left with such controversies as the war in Syria , the crisis in Libya and the collapse of the Mubarak regime in Egypt . That some of these may have had little to do with her is beside the point . Clinton is going to have to spend a sizeable amount of time during the primaries explaining and defending the things that occurred while she was working for the Obama administration . Her personal ethics are on the agenda , too -- as demonstrated by the flap over her use of a private email account . These are the issues that her Democratic rivals are running on . In Iowa last week , both Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley attacked Wall Street , Webb adding that he had also opposed the Iraq War . Both men questioned the wisdom of Clintonian triangulation -- the idea that the White House can be won , and the country successfully governed , by always seeking the middle ground . Both men would be wise to focus on Iowa ; to contrast a populist , folksy campaign with the distant , over-managed style of Clinton . And both would do well to tap into a feeling that it would be unhealthy , undemocratic and plain dull to let Hillary coast to the nomination without a proper challenge . Nevertheless , there is a strange contradiction between the constant assertions that Democrats want a race and the polling evidence that Clinton would beat anyone who tried to take her on . Why do liberals demand a conversation about policy if the only answer they can still come up with is Hillary ? The explanation is that the Democratic Party is intellectually impoverished . We hear often of the GOP 's problems , how out of touch with a changing electorate it is and how it is divided against itself . The Democrats ' challenges , however , are just as substantial . They 've just been masked by having a charismatic man in the White House dominating the national conversation . Obama was elected at one of the highest points of national Democratic popularity . But , since then , Democratic power has been whittled away in successive congressional and local elections -- leaving the party without significant representation in the Deep South and absent any mildly conservative support at all . Everything was staked on Obamacare , which was ambitious and noble venture but without an obvious second act to follow . Democrats have become about defending the honor and reputation of their president rather than proposing bold new reforms . And the mood of their base can be felt either in the violence in Missouri or the disaffected , hollow laughter of "  The Daily Show " audience . Cynicism abounds . Who really imagines that Hillary Clinton is the kind of personality that can spark a renaissance of thinking or a rejuvenation of activism among liberals ? To repeat the question : what is she exactly running for ? If she has one trump card to play , however , it is reinvention . Recall that she started the 2008 primaries out as a moderate , play-it-safe frontrunner and ended them drinking beer in an Indiana bar -- reinvented , in the words of Barack Obama , as Annie Oakley . If there is little intellectualism left in liberalism , at least Hillary Clinton is clever . Which is why she remains an asset to her party .	Timothy Stanley : Hillary Clinton running for president , but it 's not clear what she stands for . There are grounds for a liberal primary challenge He says Democrats who call for reform offer only Hillary Clinton . She 's formidable candidate , but where are bold new ideas ?
Washington  CNN  -- From bustles to silk chiffon with organza flowers and Swarovski crystals , the newly updated first ladies exhibition at the National Museum of American History is an extravaganza of frills and fashion . The first ladies ' gowns have been shown at the Smithsonian for 97 years in at least 10 separate exhibitions , the latest of which will open to the public on Saturday . Eight of the 26 dresses in "  The First Ladies " exhibition are new to the display , as the curators work to rotate in different dresses in an attempt to extend the life of the collection as a whole . Light , climate and gravity are harmful to fabric . Taking them off display can help keep the gowns in good condition "  so that this almost hundred-year-old show , the thing that your grandmother brought you to , your granddaughter can bring her granddaughter to come and see , " said curator Lisa Kathleen Graddy . "  We wanted to balance color and style and time periods and some things that had n't been out before , " said Graddy . They also wanted to focus on first ladies who had a strong fashion presence , she added . The new additions on display include a dark blue , sparkly flapper-style dress worn by Grace Coolidge , and a pink silk brocade gown worn by Dolley Madison . According to Graddy , first ladies have popularized colors , as Nancy Reagan did with red ; they have been praised for their modest and simple attire , like Lucy Hayes ; and they have been trendsetting icons , like Jacqueline Kennedy . "  They 've also coped with the public interest in their fashion sense , which is a somewhat unexpected part of the job for many first ladies , " Graddy said . Michelle Obama 's 2009 inaugural gown of white silk chiffon is a centerpiece of the exhibit . The one-shouldered gown designed by Jason Wu shares a display case with the Jimmy Choo shoes and jewelry she wore with the dress . Videos and pictures of the first ladies wearing the gowns accompany the dress display at the museum , adding another dimension to the way visitors see the dresses . In addition to the gowns , "  The First Ladies " exhibit includes White House china and other personal possessions of first ladies . "  The first ladies ' artifacts make up one of the most enduring and popular collections of the Smithsonian , " said Marc Pachter , interim director of the American History Museum .	Eight of the 26 dresses in the exhibition are new to the displays "  We wanted to balance color and style and time periods , " the curator says Michelle Obama 's 2009 inaugural gown of white silk chiffon is a centerpiece of the exhibit
London  CNN  -- The embattled British tabloid News of the World , one of the oldest and best-selling newspapers in Britain , will shut down after Sunday 's issue , its owner , News International , told CNN Thursday . The dramatic announcement follows accusations that the paper illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terror victims , politicians and celebrities . The scandal could have far-reaching consequences and may be politically damaging to Prime Minister David Cameron . British media reported Thursday that Andy Coulson , Cameron 's former director of communications , has been told by police that he should go to a police station to be arrested Friday morning over his alleged knowledge or involvement in the mobile phone-hacking practices that took place while he was editor of the News of the World . He resigned as editor of the newspaper in January 2007 after the News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman and a private investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , were jailed for intercepting voicemail messages on royal aides ' phones . After Coulson moved to his communications role with the Conservative party , the scandal resurfaced . He was questioned by police in November and resigned from his Downing Street position in January , despite the Crown Prosecution Service ruling that there was "  no admissible evidence " to bring criminal charges . British media have reported that Coulson will be formally questioned on Friday under suspicion of involvement in hacking and have speculated that he is likely to be released on bail and appear in court at a later date , alongside other arrested former News of the World journalists . Coulson has previously insisted that he did not know about widespread phone hacking at the newspaper and offered , last year , to meet with police voluntarily to discuss the case . News International Chairman James Murdoch said Thursday , in announcing the shutdown , that the scandal "  sullied " the newspaper and "  has no place in our company . " And paying out-of-court settlements to some victims was "  wrong and a matter of serious regret , " Murdoch said . He is a son of media magnate Rupert Murdoch , the head of News Corp. , which owns News International . The paper 's roughly 200 employees are now out of jobs , but are free to apply for other positions within News International , the company said . "  The rug 's being pulled out from underneath our feet , " said David Wooding , political editor at the News of the World . "  I can only assume he  Murdoch  feels the brand has been so badly damaged that the best thing to do is a scorched earth policy and get rid of it . But it 's one hell of a decision . " The National Union of Journalists condemned the move to shut down the paper . "  James Murdoch was absolutely right when he said in his statement today that ` Wrongdoers turned a good newsroom bad . ' Yet those wrongdoers are still there today , at the top of the News International empire and ordinary staff at the paper are paying with their livelihoods , " NUJ General Secretary Michelle Stanistreet said in a statement . The 168-year-old newspaper , which sells more than 2.5 million copies every Sunday , was brought down by an avalanche of public and political fury in the wake of revelations that the hacking victims included a missing 13-year-old girl who was later found to have been murdered . In an interview for UK media , James Murdoch said he , his father and the company felt "  regret " over what had happened . He insisted he was satisfied that Rebekah Brooks -- the current chief executive of News International and former editor of the News of the World who has been the target of calls to step down -- "  neither had knowledge of nor directed the activities . " He said the company was committed to doing the right thing , by cooperating with police and putting in place a process to make sure such practices did not happen again . All revenue from the paper 's final edition will go to "  good causes , " he said earlier . On Wednesday , Rupert Murdoch himself called allegations against his flagship Sunday paper "  deplorable and unacceptable . " Prime Minister Cameron Wednesday called the possibility that the hacking had taken place "  absolutely disgusting " and backed calls for an independent inquiry into the affair after a police investigation concludes . The scandal is potentially damaging to Cameron himself because he is close to current and former top officials at the News of the World 's parent company , former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell told CNN Thursday . Police launched a special investigation into the allegations of phone hacking on behalf of the newspaper in January of this year . It was the second police probe into the issue . On Thursday , shortly before James Murdoch 's announcement , police said they have identified the names of nearly 4,000 potential victims . Police launched the new investigation this year in response to widespread complaints from high-profile figures who feared they may have been targets . But the revelation this week that victims may have included the murdered girl , the families of terror victims and of British troops killed in Afghanistan and Iraq , raised the scandal to a new level . The Royal British Legion , a top military veterans ' organization , said Thursday it was suspending ties with the newspaper after the accusations . A flood of advertisers announced Wednesday and Thursday that they were dropping campaigns with the tabloid . Prof. Steven Fielding , at the Centre for British Politics at the University of Nottingham , told CNN it seemed News International had decided the brand was so badly damaged that it made more sense to close the paper . But he believes the company will soon launch another paper in its place . "  I 'm deeply skeptical that this actually means they will not be producing a Sunday paper in the near future , relaunched and repackaged -- a Sunday newspaper that will do very similar things to the News of the World , because it 's the biggest selling Sunday  paper  . It 's a cash cow that will be subsidizing other papers , certainly The Times . " Chris Goodall , an analyst at the media research firm Enders Analysis , said the News of the World was the "  sacrificial lamb being taken out into the desert and killed " in order to try to save the Murdoch empire 's bid to take over UK broadcaster BSkyB . "  It 's a recognition that for whatever reason , the News of the World was affecting the public perception of the bid for BSkyB and was likely to make it more difficult , so it was easier and cheaper to close it down , " he told CNN . He suggested News International might publish the News of the World 's sister paper , The Sun , seven days a week instead . Meanwhile , News International says it is co-operating with the police investigation into the accusations against it , which also include bribing police officers , and has welcomed "  calls for a broad public inquiry into standards and practices in the industry . " The company is "  close to identifying " how the hacking of murdered teenager Milly Dowler 's phone happened , a News International source told CNN , declining to be named discussing internal corporate business . The revelation that the girl 's phone had been hacked after she was reported missing in 2002 , and that messages were deleted , giving her parents hope she was alive when she had already been murdered , outraged Britain this week . News International said Thursday that if the accusation of hacking into the messages of fallen troops ' families was true , "  we are absolutely appalled and horrified . " It made similar statements about the Milly Dowler accusation and the allegation it had targeted the families of people killed in the July 7 , 2005 , suicide bombings in London . Graham Foulkes , whose son was killed in the terrorist attack , said Wednesday his phone number and home address were found in the files of a private investigator working for the News of the World . "  We are no longer talking about politicians and celebrities but murder victims , potentially terrorist victims . It 's absolutely disgusting what has taken place , " Cameron said Wednesday . "  I think everyone in this house and country will be revolted by what they 've heard and seen on their TV screens . " But Cameron said the inquiry could not begin until after the police investigation was done , for fear of interfering with it . On Thursday , London 's Metropolitan Police said they were asking the Independent Police Complaints Commission to investigate the possible bribery of police officers by people working for the media group . The announcement came a day after the police said they would investigate the case themselves . "  However , in view of the significant public and political concern expressed following the publication of this information , " police Thursday "  made a formal referral to the IPCC , " they said in a statement . News International Wednesday confirmed it had given police paperwork related to the possible bribery , calling the handover evidence of its "  determination as a company to deal responsibly and correctly with the issues . " Phone hacking involves calling a phone from two other phones at the same time , sending one caller to voice mail . That caller then enters the code number to retrieve voice mail remotely . Hackers depend on the fact that many people never change the default PIN for voice mail retrieval . The paper has apologized for hacking into the voice mails of celebrities and politicians , paying compensation to actress Sienna Miller and offering money to others . At least five people have been arrested in connection with phone hacking investigations this year since a new investigation , Operation Weeting , was launched in January . Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire and a journalist working for the News of the World were sent to prison in 2007 for hacking into the voice mails of royal staff in an earlier investigation . News of the World was the first British Fleet Street newspaper Rupert Murdoch bought , in 1969 , as he began to propel himself from Australian newspaper proprietor to international media magnate . In addition to owning News of the World , News International owns the Sun , the Times and the Sunday Times in Britain . Murdoch 's News Corp. also encompasses Fox News , the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . CNN 's Carol Jordan , Claudia Rebaza , Antonia Mortensen and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Ordinary staff at the paper are paying with their livelihoods , " says NUJ general secretary British media report PM Cameron 's former communications director will be arrested James Murdoch says he and his company feel regret over what 's happened Sunday will be the last issue of the best-selling News of the World
CNN  -- The Nevada State Board of Nursing has suspended the licenses of two nurses named by police in a criminal investigation of "  disrupted " catheter lines at a hospital neonatal intensive care unit , the board 's executive director said Wednesday . The two nurses , identified in board documents as Jessica May Rice and Sharon Ochoa-Reyes , have not been arrested or charged with a crime , but the nursing board found that the results of the ongoing police investigation warranted the license suspensions . Nursing board director Debra Scott said that Rice , a nurse for four years , and Ochoa-Reyes , a nurse for 19 years , worked at Las Vegas ' Sunrise Hospital , where hospital officials and police had been investigating several incidents in which catheters had been "  disrupted . " The incidents involved peripherally inserted central catheters , or PICC lines , Sunrise Hospital said in a statement last week . The specialized catheters provide long-term access to a vein and are used to provide nutrition , give medication or draw blood , the statement said . The hospital launched an internal review in February , concentrating on "  product performance and staff education , " the statement said , and no disruptions were reported for several weeks . After another one occurred , the hospital retained a plastics engineer with an independent lab to evaluate the lines . The facility then discovered that another kind of catheter , an umbilical arterial catheter , also had been disrupted . Such catheters have a low failure rate , the hospital said . Hospital officials increased security and installed cameras as part of their review . They also contacted Las Vegas Metropolitan Police and regulatory agencies , including the Nevada State Board of Nursing and the state Department of Health and Human Services . There were two "  unexpected outcomes " involving the infant patients at the unit , the hospital statement said . "  One patient required an additional procedure and is currently doing well , " the statement said . "  The second patient remains in critical condition in the neonatal intensive care unit . " Law enforcement officials notified the nursing board last month that Ochoa-Reyes and Rice were part of their investigation into the problems at Sunrise , Scott said . The board took quick action to suspend the women 's licenses . According to the legal summary suspension of license documents , police found that the Sunrise incidents involved "  intentional patient harm . " The documents for each nurse say the board found in both cases that the nurse violated the Nevada Nurse Practice Act , with those violations including engaging "  in conduct likely to deceive , defraud or endanger a patient or the general public . " The board found that it "  would be a danger to the public health , safety or welfare " for the nurses to have unrestricted licenses and that suspension of the licenses required emergency action . Accordingly , the board suspended the licenses . Attempts to reach Ochoa-Reyes and Rice Wednesday evening were unsuccessful . In all , 14 catheters were "  disrupted " at the neonatal intensive care unit , the hospital said . A hospital spokeswoman would not provide further comment Wednesday . Police were referring questions to the hospital .	NEW : 1 baby is critical after catheters were "  disrupted " in neonatal intensive care unit NEW : Hospital conducted an internal review in February NEW : Police have determined the incidents involved "  intentional patient harm " Hospital says 14 catheter "  disruptions " are reported in unit
CNN  -- Full funerary state honors were bestowed upon former Brazilian President Joao Goulart for the first time Thursday , nearly 37 years after his death . Goulart , who was president from 1961-1964 , was deposed in a coup and died in exile . The ceremony in the Brazilian capital provided the proper official ceremony to which deceased heads of state in Brazil are entitled . President Dilma Rousseff placed flowers on top of the casket and presented the flag that had been draped over it to Goulart 's widow . But the remains of the former president were exhumed for purposes other than a funeral ceremony . Goulart died in exile in Argentina of a heart attack in 1976 , but there have long been suspicions that he was murdered . Poisoned , to be exact . The former president 's body was exhumed so that investigators in Brazil and abroad can study the remains in hopes of clarifying how he died . "  It is Brazil 's duty to clarify the circumstances surrounding the death of President Joao Goulart , " said Maria do Rosario , Brazil 's secretariat of human rights . Other South American leaders have recently been exhumed for similar investigations . In 2011 , the remains of former Chilean President Salvador Allende were disinterred over questions about his death . A court studied the results and ruled that Allende indeed had committed suicide . In Venezuela , investigators studied the remains of revolutionary leader Simon Bolivar , but were unable to determine the cause of his death . They did , however , recreate a 3-D image of his face . According to the Brazilian government , there are suspicions that Goulart was poisoned on orders of the Brazilian military government with the help of the Uruguayan military through Operation Condor , an alliance between the military dictatorships in the Southern Cone at the time . Last year , the media reported on intelligence documents that showed that the military government spied on Goulart even after he left the country . After being ousted from the presidency , Goulart went to Uruguay , and later Argentina . The first requests to have the former president 's remains exhumed came from his family in 2007 , the government said in a news release . The request received the backing of the human rights secretariat in 2011 , and the exhumation was finally given the green light in 2012 . The intent is to combine the forensic analysis with testimonies and government documents to paint a complete picture surrounding his death . But on Thursday , it was a moment of honor and ceremony for the president who was popularly known as "  Jango . " In addition to Rousseff , three former presidents were also in attendance .	The remains of former Brazilian President Joao Goulart are being studied There are suspicions about how he really died He was given full state honors at a ceremony Thursday Other Latin American leaders have also been exhumed for similar reasons
The nation 's top tax collector resigned Wednesday amid controversy over Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups that applied for federal tax-exempt status . The official , acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller , was aware employees were targeting conservative groups in May 2012 , according to the agency . But Miller , then the agency 's deputy commissioner , did n't tell Congress about it when he testified before an oversight committee in July -- despite being questioned on the issue . He was named acting commissioner in November . An administration official told CNN on Thursday that Obama will appoint a new acting commissioner this week . Announcing the resignation to reporters Wednesday , President Barack Obama said the agency 's misconduct was "  inexcusable . " Read the IRS IG report "  Americans have a right to be angry about it , and I 'm angry about it , " Obama said . "  It should not matter what political stripe you 're from . The fact of the matter is , the IRS has to operate with absolute integrity , " the president said . Obama pledged to work "  hand in hand " with Congress as it investigates the matter , and vowed new safeguards will be put in place at the IRS so that "  this does n't happen again . " Despite his resignation , Miller is expected to testify Friday at a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , according to a source familiar with the proceedings . Read the resignation letter In an internal message to IRS employees obtained by CNN , Miller said he would be stepping down as commissioner in early June . "  This has been an incredibly difficult time for the IRS given the events of the past few days , and there is a strong and immediate need to restore public trust in the nation 's tax agency , " Miller wrote . Opinion : With IRS defanged , politics can run rampant ` Rogue ' employees News of Miller 's resignation followed revelations that the IRS has identified two "  rogue " employees in the agency 's Cincinnati office as being principally responsible for the "  overly aggressive " handling of requests by conservative groups for tax-exempt status , a congressional source told CNN . Miller said the staffers have already been disciplined , according to another source familiar with Miller 's discussions with congressional investigators . The second source said Miller emphasized that the problem with IRS handling of tax-exempt status for tea party groups was not limited to these two employees . Miller met with Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus of Montana on Tuesday to discuss an appearance before Congress . Asked Wednesday in a Senate hallway about his meeting with Miller , Baucus told CNN , "  I did not learn as much from the meeting as I would have liked . " "  I told him that it was in his best interest to be totally cooperative -- that it 's often the cover-up that causes more problems than the original malfeasance , " the senator said . "  And just to be totally straight with me and everybody , and he said he would . " Meanwhile , Republican congressional leaders on Wednesday accused Obama 's administration of potentially criminal behavior in the handling of requests for tax-exempt status from conservative groups . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell suggested criminal behavior had occurred , saying that the "  very serious " allegations involve "  an effort to bring the power of the federal government to bear on those the administration disagreed with in the middle of a heated national election . " "  It actually could be , could be criminal and we are determined to get the answers , " McConnell said . House Speaker John Boehner was more definitive . "  My question is , who 's going to jail over this scandal ? " he asked . Boehner told reporters that "  clearly someone violated the law " in what an IRS inspector general 's report described as delayed processing of applications by groups associated with the political right wing . Opinion : The real risk of the IRS scandal Multiple investigations U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , who ordered a criminal investigation into the situation , said Wednesday at a congressional hearing that investigators will look at the conduct of IRS offices nationwide . "  The facts will take us where ever they take us , " he said . Holder said the investigation will also examine whether IRS officials lied to Congress about the singling out of conservative groups . While the allegations originated in the Cincinnati office , the Justice Department inquiry is based out of Washington , Holder said . The comments came as all 45 Senate Republicans sent the White House a letter that called for the administration to "  comply with all requests related to congressional inquiries without any delay " involving the controversy . The letter called the scandal "  yet another completely inexcusable attempt to chill the speech of political opponents and those who would question their government , consistent with a broader pattern of intimidation by arms of your administration to silence political dissent . " The clearly coordinated attacks were part of a GOP effort to increase pressure on the Obama administration over the controversy , one of three potential scandals that has the White House on the defensive less than four months into the president 's second term . According to the report by the agency 's inspector general released Tuesday , the IRS developed and followed a faulty policy to determine whether the applicants were engaged in political activities , which would disqualify the groups from receiving tax-exempt status . The controversial move began in early 2010 and continued for more than 18 months , the report said , declaring that "  the IRS used inappropriate criteria that identified for review Tea Party and other organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention . " IRS officials , according to the report , did not consult anyone beyond the agency about the development of the additional screening criteria . They believed that the criteria they came up with were a screening shortcut meant to help with the influx of applications , the report said . Will the scandal affect 2014 elections ? The controversial actions began after the 2010 Supreme Court ruling in the Citizens United case that greatly expanded the ability of corporations , unions and other organizations to participate in election spending , though not through direct contributions to candidates or parties . After the ruling , the number of politically oriented groups seeking tax exempt status as social welfare organizations under section 501  c   4  of the federal tax code increased greatly at a time when the federal government , including the IRS , was dealing with austerity measures that reduced or stagnated personnel and resources . The IRS ' top watchdog found that the criteria used to flag potential political applications resulted in substantial delays and the request of unnecessary information from the groups . ` Be On the Look Out ' Among the criteria used by IRS officials to flag applications was a "  Be On the Look Out " list , which was discontinued in 2012 , according to the report . The criteria included : -- Whether "  Tea Party , " "  Patriots " or "  9/12 Project " was referenced in the case file . -- Whether the issues outlined in the application included government spending , government debt or taxes . -- Whether there was advocating or lobbying to "  make America a better place to live . " -- Whether a statement in the case file criticized how the country is being run . -- Whether it advocated education about the Constitution and the Bill of Rights . The investigation by the Treasury inspector general for tax administration was initiated after congressional complaints began to surface in the media in 2012 that the IRS was targeting conservative groups and holding up applications . Obama struggles with rocky start to second term "  Whether the inappropriate criterion was shorthand for all potential political cases or not , developing and using criteria that focuses on organization names and policy positions instead of the activities permitted under the Treasury regulations does not promote public confidence that tax-exempt laws are being adhered to impartially , " the report said . The IRS welcomed the report , saying that it agreed that aspects of its original approach in handling the influx of tax-exempt applications was inappropriate . "  The IRS is required by law to determine if organizations are engaging in a legally permissible level of political activity . Centralizing these cases was necessary to achieve consistent treatment , " it said in a statement . Inefficient management In a written response included in the report , the IRS commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division said there was no criminal behavior behind the actions of the agents , but rather inefficient management . IRS in the spotlight : What 's a 501  c   4  ? "  We believe the front-line career employees that made the decisions acted out of a desire for efficiency and not out of any political and partisan viewpoint , " the commissioner wrote . The report 's findings indicate that of the 298 cases reviewed by the IRS inspector general as potential political cases not eligible for tax exempt status : 72 contained the name "  tea party , " 11 contained "  9/12 " and 13 contained the word "  patriots , " according to the report . There were 202 cases that did not contain any such reference . Of those applications still open for review , 160 cases were open from 206 days to more than three years -- through two election cycles . Among the recommendations made by the Treasury inspector general : The IRS must better document reasons why applications are chosen for review , develop a process to track requests for assistance , develop and provide training to employees before each election cycle and immediately resolve outstanding cases . The report also called on Treasury to develop guidelines to explain social welfare activity -- the primary factor in obtaining tax-exempt status .	The president will appoint a new acting commissioner this week , a source says President Obama says "  Americans have a right to be angry ... and I am angry " IRS identifies two "  rogue " employees , congressional source says The former acting IRS commissioner will testify before a House committee on Friday
CNN  -- Ben Ainslie lives for sailing . He grew up near the sea , and he wants to retire on the ocean wave . But before then , the most successful yachtsman in Olympic history is taking on one of the biggest challenges his sport has to offer -- the America 's Cup . From dominating the world of dinghy racing as a fiercely competitive individual -- who once famously warned his rivals , "  You do n't want to make me angry " -- the 36-year-old is now learning to helm towering 72-foot multihull catamarans . The masts are 130-foot high -- more than 20 times the average height of the 11 crew . "  I really love these boats because they are very physical , they 're very dynamic , they 're fast , exciting and the racing is very close , and I think it 's great to watch on TV now , " the Briton told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The top speed of these boats is around about 30 knots , or 35 miles an hour , which is pretty quick when you 're that close to the water . " While Britain has a strong naval history and has had a lot of sailing success in the Olympics -- Ainslie won four golds and a silver medal -- it has never won the America 's Cup , the elite competition in yachting that is funded by billionaires and traditionally dominated by the U.S. since it started in 1851 . "  All my career the America 's Cup has been a goal , I 've always wanted to be with a winning team -- preferably a winning British team -- and I really felt that I 'd done all I could at the Olympic level , " he said . "  We 've never won it so I think there 's something there in our maritime history ... we really need to put that record straight . " Ainslie has set up his own team with a view to taking part in a future America 's Cup , but for now he has taken on a role as helmsman for the second boat run by defending champion Oracle ahead of the 34th edition of the race in San Francisco in September , making him effectively a reserve to its No. 1 Jimmy Spithill of Australia . His JP Morgan-sponsored BAR team -- which is supported by Oracle -- finished third in the final event of the America 's Cup World Series in Naples this month , competing in smaller 45-foot catamarans . "  It will take time . We 're building the team up through this series , " he said . "  That 's great for us to get out there racing against these other teams and learn how to get the most speed out of these multihulls . "  From there on it 's going to be important to really start building the commercial relationships so we have the funding in place for 2014 onwards so we can really start building up the team . " From being his own boss in the dinghy classes , Ainslie is now learning to enjoy being part of a collective effort . "  That element of team work is something that 's really critical , " he said . "  It 's also a lot of fun sailing with other guys rather than just on your own all the time . " The America 's Cup is big business . Oracle owner Larry Ellison -- last year named the third-richest man in the U.S. -- spent a reported $ 300 million before winning the coveted title in 2010 . That victory came after a series of lawsuits against the defending team Alinghi which delayed the historic competition and raised big doubts about its future . It will be hosted by an American syndicate , the Golden Gate Yacht Club , for the first time since 1995 and Oracle -- as it has the right as defender -- has revamped the rules to bring the racing closer to shore and more accessible to spectators . But while the sport has an elitist image , Ainslie says that anyone can enjoy sailing . "  People think it 's either a very expensive sport or it 's just far too complicated -- and really it 's neither , " said the Englishman , whose family moved to Cornwall on the south-west coast of the UK when he was young . "  At the grassroots level you can go down to a sailing club and you can just get into a dinghy and borrow a boat or start sailing and crewing for someone else and get into it for very little money . " Ainslie 's Olympic days came to a glorious golden end at London 2012 , as he overcame what he thought were dubious race tactics to beat his rivals and claim the Finn Class title in the final race . He accused Dane Jonas Hogh-Christensen and Dutchman Pieter-Jan Postma of teaming up on him , forcing him to do a penalty turn in race two , which left him trailing . Ainslie went public with his displeasure . "  They 've made a big mistake , " he told reporters , and promptly fought back to match the record for successive sailing golds held by the legendary Dane Paul Elvstrom . "  It was the highlight of my career and so special being in front of a home crowd and being my fourth gold medal , " he said . It capped a Games career which began as a teenager in Atlanta in 1996 where his "  disappointment " at having to settle for a silver medal in the Laser Class gave an early glimpse of his burning desire for victory . The 19-year-old Ainslie was edged out of the top spot on the podium by the hugely experienced Brazilian Robert Scheidt , but he was never beaten again in Olympic competition . "  It was a great achievement for my age but in a way something inside of me still wanted more and I guess that what 's drove me on , " Ainslie admitted . By the time the Sydney Games came along four years later Ainslie was ready to take his revenge on Scheidt , relegating him to the silver medal position after a bitter and often controversial personal battle . "  I had an immense rivalry with Scheidt and I just managed to come out on top of that , and from then on really that gave me the confidence to come back each time and take the gold , and fortunately I was able to do that , " he said . After the Sydney Olympics he stepped up to the more demanding Finn Class , meaning he had to add nearly 20 kilograms of extra body weight to be competitive in his new discipline in a bigger boat . "  That was a big switch physically , I had to try and do most of that in muscle so I got into a lot of weight training and fitness training , " he said . "  I guess it put quite a lot of load on the body as well and hence the back injuries which I started picking up later on in my career . " Those injury niggles were the result of hours of training in the gym and on the water , pushing himself to the limit in search of that fourth gold -- in front of fanatical home support at the southern coastal resort of Weymouth , where the sailing events for London 2012 were held . "  The pressure for London was like nothing else I 've ever experienced , " Ainslie said . A hint of the almost crushing weight of expectation came as he competed for a sixth world championship title in the Finn Class in Perth in late 2011 , one of his last major competitions before London . After finishing second in race nine of the event , Ainslie made the headlines for the wrong reasons after swimming over to a media boat and angrily remonstrating with the crew . He felt they had impeded his progress during a downwind leg and his frustration boiled over . Ainslie 's subsequent disqualification was a bitter pill , but he later apologized for "  overreacting . " Although injuries have taken their toll on Ainslie -- whose success at London 2012 earned him a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth -- he says that he has never lost his love for being on the water . "  If I get a holiday or some down time I love still sailing , but not racing -- just going out on maybe a beautiful classic yacht , relaxing with friends and being on the water , " he said . "  My idea of retirement would be having a nice boat , sailing around the world and exploring and being able to relax and enjoy being on the water -- to just enjoy life without running around quite so hectically ! "	Ben Ainslie is the most successful sailor in Olympic history The 36-year-old Briton has won four golds and one silver medal His final gold came in the Finn Class at the 2012 London Olympics His lifelong ambition is to win the America 's Cup for Britain
A daring raid by U.S. and Yemeni forces into an al Qaeda stronghold in Yemen freed eight hostages , but not before kidnappers stole away with some Westerners , including an American . The raid took place Monday , according to an American official and information posted on a Yemini website associated with the country 's Defense Ministry . The mission was planned after al Qaeda militants were seen transferring hostages "  chained and covered with blankets " into pickups that were driven to a cave about 68 miles  109 kilometers  from Hajir al-Saiyer , according to the website . The intelligence included that there were foreigners among the hostages , so "  a plan was established in order to raid the cave , " according to the Yemeni government account of the operation . The details were attributed to a Yemeni special forces member who was on the raid . The troops , equipped with advanced weapons , including night vision equipment , launched the mission about 4 miles from the cave , according to the Yemeni government . The kidnappers were found about 100 yards from the cave , and "  clashes erupted " soon , according to the account provided by the special forces member . All seven kidnappers were killed . The special forces troops found eight hostages chained up . They told the rescue team that two days earlier , kidnappers had moved five others , including an American , a Briton , a South African and a Yemeni . The fifth was believed to be a Turkish citizen . While the Yemeni version does not mention U.S. involvement , an American official confirmed to CNN that U.S. Special Forces were part of the raid team . CNN learned of the American involvement this week but , at the request of the government , did not report the information as there was a search for the American hostage .	Militants were seen moving hostages "  chained and covered with blankets " into pickups They were driven to a cave , a website associated with Yemen 's Defense Ministry says The mission , launched 4 miles from the cave , killed all 7 kidnappers , Yemen says But former hostages say five other captives were moved before rescuers arrived
Port Stanley , Falkland Islands  CNN  -- Britain on Wednesday dismissed a complaint from Argentina about the "  militarization of the South Atlantic " as tensions rise regarding the Falkland Islands , over which the two countries fought a war 30 years ago . "  The people of the Falkland Islands are British out of choice , " the British Foreign Office said in a statement . "  They are free to determine their own future , and there will be no negotiations with Argentina on sovereignty unless the Islanders wish it . " It was responding to a warning from Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner that her country would file a protest at the United Nations . "  I have instructed our chancellor to formally present before the U.N. Security Council and the U.N. General Assembly this militarization of the South Atlantic , which implies a great risk for international safety , " she said during a speech in Buenos Aires . "  We 're going to file a protest , " Fernandez said . No protest had been filed as of Wednesday afternoon , U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky . Speculation in recent days had been that she would cut the Falklands air link to the South American mainland by banning the airline LAN Chile from using Argentinian airspace to fly to the islands from Chile . The Saturday flights are the only scheduled air service to the Falklands and carry fresh food as well as passengers . The president made no such announcement in her speech Tuesday . Why tensions are flaring over Falklands Argentina already bans Falklands ships from its ports , an action joined by other South American and Caribbean nations . "  I guess we were all kind of relieved that there was n't anything particularly concrete . It seems to be another burst of hot air really -- and to that degree -- we 're relieved , " said John Fowler , a journalist and Falkland Islands resident . Britain and Argentina fought a war over the Falkland Islands , which Argentina calls Las Malvinas , in 1982 . Though Britain won the war , expelling an Argentinian military force , Argentina claims the territory , which has been under British rule since 1833 , as its own . Britain maintains that the 2,500 residents of the Falklands have the right to determine their allegiance , and so far that has been staunchly British . "  The UK has no doubt about our sovereignty over the Falklands . The principle of self-determination , as set out in the U.N. Charter , underlies our position , " the Foreign Office said . British Prime Minister David Cameron said residents have a right to decide . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self-determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently I would argue is actually far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else . " Addressing Cameron directly in her speech , Fernandez said : "  I simply want to ask the prime minister of England to give peace a chance . " Tensions between London and Buenos Aires were raised even higher this month when Britain sent Prince William to the Falklands as a military helicopter pilot . The prince 's deployment comes as Britain is making other moves to support its 1,700 personnel at the Mount Pleasant military complex in the Falklands . "  We are having what in game theory is called tit-for-tat ... I do n't see an end in sight right now , but I 'm sure that war is not the end , " Federico Merke , a professor of international relations at San Andres University , said after the president 's speech . So why , besides supporting the Falklands ' inhabitants , does Britain want to hang on to the islands ? The answer may lie in the lucrative fishing grounds around the islands as well as a growing oil drilling industry . Argentina , of course , has economic interests as well , but analysts say the current standoff has much to do with internal politics . "  The government is being squeezed from lots of different areas , so one way to distract from the economic problems facing the country is to raise the Malvinas issue , " said Mark Jones , an expert in Latin American politics at Rice University in Texas . "  It 's one of the few issues outside football that you can get universal consensus on . " CNN 's David Wilkinson , Dan Rivers , Brad Lendon and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokesman says Argentina has not yet filed a protest with the United Nations The UK Foreign Office says Falkland Islands residents are British by choice Britain won the 1982 war over the Falkland Islands Argentina still claims the territory , which it calls the Malvinas
CNN  -- A massive herd of caribou grazes the Arctic tundra . Sea birds fatten up on shellfish along the Chesapeake Bay before flying thousands of miles to winter in South America . A pod of orca glide past Pacific islands blanketed in fir and cedar as they hunt for salmon . Few sights are more awe-inspiring than mass movements of animals instinctively traveling the path forged by the millions of their kind that came before them . Summer is prime time for wildlife viewing , the season when you 'll catch birds and animals tending their young and storing up energy before their fall migrations to winter feeding and breeding grounds . Here are seven jaw-dropping places in the United States to spot amazing creatures as they prepare for journeys large and small . Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , Alaska Isolated and vast , the 19 million acre Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is often called the last truly wild place in the United States . The coastal plain along the Beaufort Sea , the heart of the refuge , offers spectacular wildlife viewing . In early summer , the 123,000-strong Porcupine caribou return here to give birth and graze the tundra . You might also spot grizzly bears , wolves , muskoxen and even polar bears , as well as huge populations of migratory birds . Most of the refuge is only accessible by plane . Unless you have extensive wilderness experience , it 's best to hire a qualified guide for both day hikes and longer expeditions . You can find more information on authorized guides online . Best affordable beach resorts San Juan Islands , Washington Between the Washington mainland and Vancouver Island lies the San Juan Archipelago , a chain of 178 islands . From late spring through the summer , orca sightings are very common here : three extended family pods regularly pass through , following salmon migrations . Although boats are required by law to keep a 200-yard distance from the spouting giants , curious orcas will sometimes come very close . Whether you opt for a kayak trip or a larger boat tour , you 'll want to select a tour operator that respects the orca 's habitat . The Whale Museum , a local educational and research institution , recommends booking with tour companies that are members of the Pacific Whale Watching Association . Even if you do n't spot an orca during your trip , you 're likely to see a variety of marine life , including sea lions , harbor seals , porpoise and perhaps even gray whales . Plan a visit to the San Juan Island National Historical Park , where you can hike through cedar forests , native prairie and along rocky shorelines while enjoying marvelous views of the Olympic Mountains and the Northern Cascades . America 's best North-South roads Glacier National Park , Montana With more than 1 million acres of glaciers , forests , lakes , mountains and wetlands , visitors to Glacier National Park have the chance to see everything from elusive wolves , grizzlies and mountain lions to the more common mountain goats , bighorn sheep , elk and moose . Most animals in the park have relatively modest migration ranges , moving between higher and lower elevations depending on the season . Elk congregate in valleys to give birth , then head into the mountains to keep cool and to feed . During summer , bighorn sheep can also be spotted on high mountain slopes , often around rocky outcroppings where they perform the seemingly death-defying feats of scrambling along ledges and cliffs . Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming It goes without saying that Yellowstone offers some of the most impressive wildlife encounters anywhere , but there 's something unique about bison , the park 's largest mammal . According to the National Park Service , Yellowstone is the only place in the United States where bison have lived continuously since prehistoric times . There are two main bison herds in Yellowstone that migrate within the park . Roadside bison sightings are common in summer . As with other large animals in the park , they 'll sometimes cross the road directly in front of cars , so drivers should take great care . 10 best motorcycle roads in the U.S. Carlsbad Caverns , New Mexico On summer evenings , tourists gather in an outdoor amphitheater at Carlsbad Caverns National Park in southeastern New Mexico to witness an awesome spectacle : hundreds of thousands of Brazilian  also known as Mexican  free-tailed bats taking flight en masse at dusk to hunt insects . The best opportunities to see the bats are in July and August , before they head to Mexico for the winter . If you 're really ambitious , arrive before dawn and catch them swooping and diving hundreds of feet as they re-enter their cave after the nocturnal hunt . A full day leaves ample time to tour the caverns before watching an evening flight . Nesting sea turtles , Florida Florida 's coastlines are crucial to the survival of several species of threatened and endangered sea turtles , including the loggerhead , leatherback and green turtle . From May through July , female turtles swim onto beaches to dig deep holes , deposit their eggs and cover them before returning to the water . About two months later , it will be up to the tiny babies to crawl out and hurry toward the ocean . Secret hotels of Florida 's Gulf Coast Coastal counties , state parks and wildlife refuges offer organized turtle walks to help ensure visitors do n't inadvertently harm the fragile creatures . You can learn more about turtle walks by contacting the Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge , a 20.5-mile stretch of coastline between Melbourne Beach and Wabasso Beach on Florida 's southeast coast . Staff can also help identify other places to witness this incredible event . You can help protect turtles by avoiding -- and keeping dogs away from -- areas where the turtles nest unless you 're on a guided walk . Do n't dig in the sand , and avoid using flashlights , flash cameras or other electronic devices . Baby turtles instinctively move toward natural light reflecting off the water and may become disoriented by artificial light . Assateague and Chincoteague Islands Cute ponies might not be the first thing that comes to mind when you think about wildlife , but on Assateague and Chincoteague , barrier islands off the coast of Virginia and Maryland , the descendants of ponies brought by colonists in the 1600s roam freely through salt marshes , pine forests and windswept beaches . Wild ponies are far from the only reason to visit . Assateague National Seashore and the neighboring Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge are a birder 's paradise because of their location along the Atlantic Flyway , a major migratory bird flight path . Hiking , boating and kayaking are great ways to bird-watch here . Keep your eyes peeled for deer , foxes , opossum , otters , whales and dolphins , too . Animal attacks : A note of caution Before you venture out into the wilderness , do your research and know the risks . Though rare , wild animal attacks can and do happen , and different animals require different responses to protect yourself . For your own well-being and that of the wildlife you encounter , always maintain a safe distance -- no matter how cute or cuddly they may seem . Photos : Escape to Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula Do you have recommendations for great spots to see animals in the wild ? Please share them below .	Summer is prime time for wildlife viewing These spots across the United States provide opportunities to see animals in the wild For your own well-being and that of the wildlife , always maintain a safe distance
CNN  -- Aquatic "  dead zones " are a tragic illustration of human beings ' negative impact on the world 's oceans . They are areas so overloaded with pollutants that they have difficulty sustaining any life . The flow of fertilizers , sewage and industrial pollutants into rivers and seas has overloaded some coastal marine areas with nutrient waste such as nitrogen and phosphorus . This stimulates excessive growth of plants and algae , which use up oxygen dissolved in the water and kill off other marine life that depend on it . Globally , their numbers are increasing , with more than 530 aquatic dead zones around the world , encompassing more than 95,000 square miles , according to the World Resources Institute  WRI  . Some scientists believe climate change may also be making the situation worse . But help may be at hand thanks to the development of a number of technological solutions that aim to bring the dead zones back to life . Scientists in Sweden are testing an idea to pump oxygen into the Baltic Sea -- which separates Scandinavia from mainland Europe and is the world 's largest man-made dead zone -- in an attempt to revive its dying ecosystem . The Baltic region has suffered badly over the past 60 years from a rising flow of human and industrial waste . What 's more , because the Baltic Sea is largely enclosed , such harmful pollutants take longer to be washed out than in open waters . "  As with all marine issues you do not see what is down there and sea bottoms are mostly neglected because in general people think there is no life , " said Inger Naslund , from environmental group WWF Sweden . "  The effects of human behavior is many times reflected at the sea bottom and should be discussed with a louder voice . " Attempts to reduce the waste being dumped into the Baltic have so far failed to stop the growth of the dead zone , now equivalent to around one and half times the size of Denmark . The lack of progress has led a number of Baltic countries to consider technological interventions , or so-called "  geoengineering " ideas  large-scale solutions to environmental problems  , such as pumping oxygen into the water , and using chemicals to bind pollutants in sediments , in a bid to save the Baltic . The Swedish government is funding research into the feasibility of using a wind-turbine driven oxygen pump in the Baltic , following studies carried out last year by the University of Gothenburg , which looked at the effect of pumping oxygen-rich surface water to the bottom of two Swedish fjords . "  Today everyone is focused on reducing nutrient inputs to the sea in order to reduce eutrophication  the effect of excessive nutrients  in the Baltic , but by helping nature itself to deal with the phosphorus that is discharged we can create a turbo effect in the battle against eutrophication , " said Anders Stigebrandt , of the University of Gothenburg 's Department of Earth Sciences . See also : Floating turbine buoys offshore wind potential If implemented , the Baltic Deepwater Oxygenation  Box  project would require around 100 pumping stations built around the Baltic Sea to transport oxygen deep underwater to counteract the declining amounts of oxygen and prevent the growth of the dead zone . However , not everyone is convinced by the geoengineering ideas . Professor Daniel Conley from Lund University in Sweden , says they are "  dangerous quick-fixes , " which could have a number of "  unforeseen " consequences and allow countries to ignore their obligations for reducing the waste they dump in the Baltic . "  It could completely change the ecology of the Sea , " he said , adding that the oxygen-pumping plan could interfere with the reproductive successes of some fish species and cause the release of old contaminants buried underground . Conversely , it could also raise water temperatures and stimulate higher algae growth . Scientists in Sweden are also testing the use of a chloride , used in treating drinking water , to try to bind phosphorus pollutants in sediments . But writing in science journal Nature , Conley was also skeptical of the idea of using chemicals to bind pollutants . Conley says it is not yet known how long the pollutants can remain buried within sediments or whether it would even be legal to add large quantities of chemicals to the Baltic Sea . Environmental groups within the Baltic region support the research into geoengineering projects but are doubtful it can be scaled up . "  Maybe these geoengineering ideas can work in a small inlet or lake but it would cost far too much to be a solution for the whole of the Baltic Sea , " said Naslund . See also : Australia to create marine parks Baltic environmental group the Estonian Fund for Nature  ELF  says it does not rule out supporting geoengineering ideas like the oxygen-pumping plan but would wait to see a proper ecosystem report of any potential risks . Conley says any geoengineering idea was likely to cost millions , and in the case of oxygen-pumping , would have to continue for several decades . Such a large amount of time and money , he believes , would be better directed at reducing land-based sources of nutrients rather than at expensive and potentially harmful schemes to engineer a solution . "  The Baltic Sea Action Plan  BSAP  , signed by all the nations surrounding the Baltic , sets targets for reducing nutrient waste levels . Sweden is now saying it wants to use geoengineering to help meet its targets . It 's a politically quick solution to a very difficult problem , " said Conley . "  These  oxygen pumping  plans are not solving the problem unless you reduce the nutrient waste being dumped in the Sea in the first place . "	"  Dead zones " lack enough oxygen to support marine life They are caused by agricultural waste and sewage flowing into sea Sweden trialling plan to pump oxygen into Baltic Sea -- world 's largest dead zone Critics say it 's a distraction from the need to reduce pollution
Washington  CNN  -- Education Secretary Arne Duncan has spent the past couple days backpedaling from comments he made Sunday suggesting that Hurricane Katrina was good for New Orleans ' failing schools . But , while he 's apologizing for poor word choice , his comments echo a truth spoken by many in New Orleans . "  It was a dumb thing to say , and I apologize , " Duncan said Tuesday . In a Sunday broadcast of TV One 's "  Washington Watch with Roland Martin , " Duncan was asked about the progress New Orleans schools have made since Katrina hit in 2005 . He replied : "  This is a tough thing to say , but let me be really honest . I think the best thing that happened to the education system in New Orleans was Hurricane Katrina . That education system was a disaster , and it took Hurricane Katrina to wake up the community to say that ` We have to do better . ' " Excerpts of the interview were released by the show Friday . Shortly afterward , numerous networks and newspapers picked them up , sparking the controversy that continued once the remarks were broadcast . Friday evening , Duncan called New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin to explain what he meant , his office said . Duncan said Tuesday that he regrets what he said but insisted that the storm motivated the city to reinvest in its children like never before . "  I said it poorly . And my point was very simple . Hurricane Katrina was a devastating , devastating tragedy . The progress we 've seen subsequent to that has been absolutely remarkable . The teachers , the principals there are working so incredibly hard , " Duncan said . "  Almost all the students missed three months , four months , six months . I talked to students who missed more than a year off school , and yet they came back . And in a short amount of time , four years , they came back , subsequent to the devastating tragedy . Amazing progress . And I just tip my hat to the hard work there . I was simply trying to point out how impressed I am , the remarkable commitment and the sense of urgency . " Several Louisiana officials defended Duncan 's remarks . The state 's superintendent of education , Paul Pastorek , said , "  I know it 's a strong statement , but it 's actually quite accurate . It was a pathetic system before the storm . " Paul Vallas , superintendent of the Louisiana Recovery School District -- a special program administered by the state with the aim of boosting underperforming schools -- noted that "  local people have said that time and time again . " Duncan said in the TV One interview that New Orleans in the past "  was not serious about its education " but called the school system 's reform since Katrina "  unbelievable . " Duncan has made several trips to New Orleans since becoming education secretary one year ago . His most recent was October 15 . Regarding that city , Duncan said , "  What this is about was this huge sense of urgency . And folks understood you had to literally build from the ground up . ... I just want to do whatever I can to continue to support the remarkable , remarkable progress . " Education is a priority in the Obama administration , as evidenced by the president 's proposed 2011 budget , released Monday , which would increase federal education spending by 7.5 percent , or $ 4 billion . Duncan is using federal dollars to promote reform in state and local school systems . He also is overhauling former President George W. Bush 's Elementary and Secondary Education Act , better known as the No Child Left Behind Act . But Tuesday , he said , "  We talk about the growth of No Child Left Behind , and New Orleans is a prime example . Is it where it needs to be ? No . Still , clearly , it 's a long journey , a long ways to go . But the progress has been amazing . "	Arne Duncan said hurricane was best thing to happen to city 's failing schools He apologizes for word choice but stands by sentiment "  The progress we 've seen ... has been absolutely remarkable , " he says Many Louisiana education officials echo his thoughts
CNN  -- An undercover video shows horses being struck with sticks and subjected to "  soring , " an illegal process in which chemicals are placed on their lower legs in an effort to induce the signature Tennessee Walking Horse high-stepping gait . The graphic video shows trainer Jackie L. McConnell of Whitter Stables of Collierville , Tennessee , and others subjecting show horses to practices that were banned 40 years ago . One image shows a writhing horse being subjected to a whip at McConnell 's barn . Another receives a shock to the head . The video , made by a Humane Society of the United States investigator , was first featured Wednesday on the ABC News program "  Nightline . " It has raised questions of how pervasive the training techniques are despite recent prosecutions and investigations by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which enforces the Horse Protection Act . "  There obviously is a huge problem , " said Jonathan Lovvorn , senior vice president for litigation and investigations with the Humane Society . "  In the competition to get this unnatural gait , trainers are using banned substances to cheat . " Horse show judges value the exaggerated gait , called the "  big lick . " Shows in Tennessee and elsewhere annually draw thousands of spectators . PepsiCo on Thursday confirmed it had pulled its sponsorship of this summer 's Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration . Asked if the sponsorship decision was in response to the 2011 video , PepsiCo spokesperson Vincent Bozek said , "  That 's all we 're saying . " The decision was made Wednesday . The president of a Tennessee horse industry organization , condemning the "  disturbing " video , told CNN there is a stringent inspection process at shows . "  I think it 's sad that a corporation like Pepsi would go out because of the action of one person and one training barn , " said Dr. Stephen Mullins of S.H.O.W. Jane Velez Mitchell : Abuse of high-stepping horses must end McConnell and three other men were named in a 52-count federal indictment earlier this year . According to a defense filing in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee , McConnell will plead guilty next week to a count of conspiracy to violate the Horse Protection Act . McConnell 's attorney , Tom Greenholtz of Chattanooga , confirmed to CNN that his client is wielding a stick on a horse in a portion of the video . Greenholtz said he could not comment at this time on the specifics of the case or McConnell 's view of the allegations . McConnell faces a maximum five-year prison sentence and expects the government to dismiss the other counts , the attorney said . According to the indictment , "  soring is a cruel and inhumane practice used to accentuate a horse 's gait in order to gain a competitive edge in horse shows . " Chemicals and other irritants on a horse 's ankles and forelegs cause it to lift its front feet and shift its weight unnaturally to the hind legs in order to relieve the pain , the indictment states . The Humane Society said its investigator documented "  stewarding "  $ " training a horse not to react to pain during official show inspections of their legs for soreness -- by striking them in the head when they flinch during mock inspections . The video was filmed in spring 2011 by an investigator who worked two months as a stablehand at McConnell 's barn , according to the Humane Society . Lovvorn told CNN the society shared the video and results of its investigation with federal prosecutors before the indictment was returned . In separate cases , a seven-month investigation conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture resulted in at least four other Tennessee men being sentenced this year for horse soring violations . One defendant sentenced to 12 months in prison and a $ 4,000 fine described how chemical irritants , chains , bolts and other devices were used to bring about the exaggerated gait . "  He stressed the pervasiveness of soring in the gaited horse industry and testified that horses ` have got to be sored to walk , ' " according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee . S.H.O.W. , certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture  USDA  , handles inspections of Tennessee horses at events . Mullins , a retired equine veterinarian , said self-regulation by the industry has led to three lifetime and 150 one-year suspensions for soring and other violations of the Horse Protection Act . Trainers should n't rely on soring to train horses to hit the "  big lick , " said Mullins , acknowledging the industry still has problems . "  I was given one charge  task  . Get rid of the sore horse . I think we are well on our way . " One painless training technique , he said , is to fit pads , about 3 inches tall , below the horse 's hoof . "  It can change the way the horse lands on its foot , " according to Mullins . "  It requires him to exaggerate and keep his foot up for a longer period of time . " S.H.OW . 's oversight , however , does not extend to training facilities and barns . "  Soring is a way to take a horse that is not very good ... to make him look good , " said Mullins . "  Do I think it goes on around the trainers who show routinely with me ? No sir , I do not believe it does . " Lovvorn , of the Humane Society , said soring "  has been an open secret in Tennessee for years . " Prosecutions , a stringent update of the Horse Protection Act and recently approved additional resources for the Agriculture Department are key , he said . A 2010 Office of Inspector General audit within the USDA pointed out the need for more funding of federal inspections and shortcomings and inconsistencies of those done by people associated with horse industry organizations . The Tennessee Walking Horse Breeders ' and Exhibitors ' Association , in a statement Thursday , said it reaffirmed its opposition to violations of the Horse Protection Act . "  The walking horse holds an inherent natural gait that has been in existence for nearly 100 years , " said group President Marty Irby . "  The association  adopted a zero tolerance policy in regards to soring a number of years ago and has recently challenged every member to adopt a zero tolerance policy themselves . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Defense attorney has no comment on specific charges against his client Undercover video shows individuals hitting horses , applying chemicals "  Soring " is meant to induce high-stepping gait called "  big lick " Breeders group says it has zero tolerance for cruel practices banned 40 years ago
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As the deadline nears for U.S. troops to exit major Iraqi cities , units in Mosul are in the midst of a months-long operation to sweep out extremist fighters . U.S. troops have a deadline of June 30 to exit major Iraqi cities . The decision on whether to keep troops in the restive northern city beyond June 30 has been a sticking point between the United States and Iraq . Parts of the city remain under insurgent control and high-profile attacks continue , unlike the vast majority of the country . "  We still have a major operation going inside of Mosul with all forces assisting and helping out . We expect that to end here within about 30 to 45 days , and then there will be a decision to be made , " the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Raymond Odierno , told reporters at the Pentagon on Friday . "  I was just up there Saturday , and we conducted a joint assessment , " he said . "  There 's some problems that we have to work through but , in fact , there 's potential that they -LSB- Iraqi forces -RSB- can handle the mission " when they take over in July . Despite concerns about the continuing violence , the government of Iraq said last week it will not extend the deadline for U.S. combat troops to leave Iraqi cities . The joint operation to clear Mosul of insurgents has been going on for 75 days , neighborhood by neighborhood , according to Odierno . "  It 's going to take us another 30 days to finish that , " he said . Mosul has become the last major fighting ground in Iraq as insurgents , mainly al Qaeda , were pushed north out of Baghdad during the U.S. troop "  surge " that started in 2007 . Insurgents were able to entrench in the city as U.S. and Iraqi forces cleared and held Baghdad and other regions . A number of U.S. troops were moved out of Mosul to help with surge operations farther south , leaving Mosul and surrounding areas mainly to Iraqi forces and a smaller U.S. military contingent . While Odierno said the current operations are "  having a good impact , " in Mosul , continued high-profile attacks haunt commanders there . On May 1 a suicide bomb was detonated near a coffee shop , killing at least six people . Five U.S. soldiers were killed on April 10 when a suicide bomber breached the outer security barrier of Iraqi National Police headquarters in southern Mosul . It was the single deadliest attack on U.S. troops in more than a year , the U.S. military said . Odierno noted the tactic of using women as suicide bombers is being used by insurgents in Mosul . "  We 've seen a few in Mosul -- a couple of attacks were connected by Tunisian foreign fighters that came in , we think , through Syria . We actually detained the leader of the cell , so now we 're learning more and more about it , " he said . U.S. and Iraqi forces are also facing a recent increase of attacks in Baghdad , which Odierno and other U.S. military officials pin on al Qaeda trying to again foment sectarian violence . "  We 're trying to get inside of these cells . We 're trying to understand where they 're coming from and we have been successful . We are picking people up , " the general said . He said the United States has improved its intelligence sharing with the Iraqi forces over the past six months , helping to impair the ability of the insurgents to move around . "  Their -LSB- Iraqi forces ' -RSB- strength is the human intelligence . Our strength comes in other ways . And so we 're trying to combine those together so we can work toward solving this problem , " he said . But with 45 days left until the security agreement with Iraq takes U.S. troops in Baghdad off the streets and back to their bases , there is some uncertainty about how Iraqi forces will contain the current violence . Odierno remains positive . "  There 's a potential that this could actually work , if the Iraqis are able to maintain in the cities and we 're able to , then , to spend more of our time in the support zones outside of the cities , " he said . "  We actually could come up with , actually , a stronger method of going after these forces . But we 'll have to wait and see . "	Parts of restive northern city remain under insurgent control , attacks continue Iraq says it will not extend June 30 deadline for U.S. troops to leave cities Mosul last major battleground since troop surge forced insurgents out of Baghdad Top U.S. commander in Iraq says potential exists for Iraqis to handle mission
CNN  -- Fehmi Khairullah , a Syrian-American doctor living in New Jersey , says he can not sleep these days . "  The humanitarian situation in many parts of Syria has reached its lowest point . It is so horrific , " said Khairullah , who collects and delivers aid to Syria . As violence escalates in the sanctions-hit country and - - many argue -- the lack of government cooperation , humanitarian groups have been unable to reach those suffering the most in the country . Even the International Committee of the Red Cross & Red Crescent , the only independent international aid agency operating inside Syria , has not reached trapped citizens in devastated areas such as the Baba Amr neighborhood in the city of Homs . Last weekend , the aid group released a statement saying it started distributing aid to people in the restive city . But Saleh Debaki , its Damascus-based spokesman , said Thursday the aid is located at nine distribution centers around the city , but none has reached ravaged neighborhoods such as Baba Amr . Residents and activists in the neighborhood said Friday they have not had any humanitarian aid reach them in more than a month . "  It is the 13th days of shelling over our neighborhood , " said Abu Omar , who was reached by satellite internet at a Baba Amr shelter . "  We have not had any electricity , phone service , ... or even running water for weeks . We have not had any food or medical supplies either . We are so desperate ! There are only a few houses here that have water wells . That 's our only access to any water ! " Abu Omar , who did not want to reveal his real name over safety fears , said the few dozen people staying at shelters in Baba Amr shower once every five days or so and limit other use of water to only drinking . Khalil Ahmed , another resident of Baba Amr , said he has not seen any bread coming from outside the neighborhood in weeks . "  That 's why we decided to collect whatever flour we could find to bake some bread and share at the shelters , " Ahmed said . "  We have no baby formula . Parents put bread in water ... and that 's what babies eat and drink . " There is only one medical facility in Baba Amr operating out of a basement of a mosque . It moved there because its last location was shelled in January , killing three medics , according to Mohamed al-Mohamed , one of a handful of doctors running the makeshift clinic using "  primitive tools . " Back in the United States , Khairullah says the suffering will only get worse in many parts of Syria unless there is a way to deliver humanitarian aid to those who need it most . Shortly after the Syrian uprising began on March 15 , Khairullah and other Syrian-American professionals started the Syria First Coalition to collect donations and deliver them to affected families in the nation . "  In light of the sanctions , we did not want to fall into any legal traps . And we did not want to deal with the government 's institutions . So we started paying influential businessmen inside Syria in U.S. dollars and get food , water , blankets among other humanitarian items in return , " Khairullah said . This worked for only a few months until no more businessman could risk doing that under the watchful eye of the regime , he said . So he identified financial institutions in Turkey , Jordan and Lebanon -- to which the group transferred money in order to buy aid locally . The aid was then smuggled across the Syrian borders . But with more and more limited safe passages into Syria and a drying flow of cash , this option became even harder . The current sanctions allow transferring money to charitable groups in Syria . "  But how could we trust these government-sponsored Syrian groups to oversee the distribution of aid ? ' Khairullah said . A couple of international humanitarian groups such as the Humanitarian Relief for Syria admit that they only go through Syrian charity organizations to reach affected people inside the country . Others -- such as Islamic Relief and Zakat Foundation -- only reach out to Syrian refugees in neighboring countries . "  The only way to reach us in Homs is through establishing safe passages , " Abu Omar said . On the international level , France is trying to revive a plan it first introduced in November that tries to do just that . The idea is to provide safe access for relief organizations to deliver aid to affected populations through land border routes , a sea port or an airport - - all under the watch of international observers . But such a plan needs either Syrian government approval or the backing of armed peacekeepers . In the latter case , a U.N. resolution may be needed . French Foreign Minister Alain Jupp  discussed his government 's "  humanitarian corridors " plan Thursday with his Russian counterpart , Sergei Lavrov , in order to avoid a veto on a possible U.N. Security Council resolution . The two met in Vienna to reach a compromise despite Moscow vetoing a U.N. resolution based on an Arab League proposal on Feb. 4 , according to Russia 's state-run Itar-Tass . "  We can possibly reach a compromise on a short-term objective . " Jupp  told reporters "  We are ready to work in New York on a draft resolution inspired by the Arab League to stop the violence and provide humanitarian aid . " Lavrov was not committed to the plan and said more details are needed before an agreement , Itar - Tass reported . But many Syrians seem to have no choice but to be optimistic as their tragedy plays out on the international stage . "  I am hopeful , " Khairulla said . "  I am finally sensing change among international and regional powers regarding the suffering in Syria ... And it is about time ! "	"  The humanitarian situation in many parts of Syria has reached its lowest point , " doctor says An international aid agency operating inside Syria can not reach trapped citizens The suffering will only get worse in Syria unless there is a way to deliver humanitarian aid
London  CNN  -- Britain extradited a man wanted by U.S. authorities in connection with alleged terrorism offenses Thursday , police in London said , more than two years after he was detained . Abid Naseer , 26 , was put on a plane bound for the United States at Luton Airport , north of London , after having been handed over to U.S. officials . He will make his first appearance in a U.S. court in Brooklyn , New York , on Monday , the Department of Justice said in a statement to the media . Read more : Terror trial begins in Britain Naseer , a Pakistani national , was arrested in northern England in July 2010 by British police officers acting on a provisional extradition arrest warrant issued at the request of the U.S. government . U.S. authorities say Naseer was part of a group that was planning terrorist attacks in 2009 in the United States and Europe . He had been held at London 's high-security Belmarsh prison since his arrest , London 's Metropolitan Police said . U.S. authorities want him to stand trial on charges of providing material support to al Qaeda , conspiracy to provide material support to such an organization and conspiracy to use a destructive device . His extradition was approved by a British judge in 2011 . American officials promised to return Naseer to Britain if he is acquitted in the United States . He faces up to life in prison if he is convicted , the Justice department said .	NEW : Pakistani national will make initial court appearance on Monday NEW : U.S. officials say he was involved in conspiracy to attack targets in U.S. , Europe U.S. authorities want him to stand trial on terrorism-related charges He is accused of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization
EW.com  -- As of Monday , the best damn news team in America has a new member : Jordan Klepper , an Upright Citizens Brigade veteran who happens to look a lot like the vast majority of "  Saturday Night Live 's " new featured players  read : blandly handsome ; white  . "  The Daily Show " -- which , in the fairly recent past , has come under fire for a lack of onscreen and behind-the-scenes diversity -- made a joke of this in Klepper 's very first segment Monday night , naming him the program 's new Senior Caucasian Correspondent . John Oliver sheds a tear in ` Daily Show ' farewell And naturally , the self-referential humor did n't stop there . The Daily Show Get More : Daily Show Full Episodes , The Daily Show on Facebook Theoretically , Klepper 's Caucasian-ness made him the perfect choice for a piece focusing on the situation in Crimea . In practice , the poor guy was so nervous that he ended up turning the entire segment into a self-conscious commentary on his own situation as a new member of the "  Daily Show " family -- culminating in a fourth-wall busting act that might have gotten Klepper the ax if , you know , it had n't been planned . Liam Neeson , Jon Stewart  nearly !  come to blows on ` Daily Show ' Nicely done , Jordan ; we 're sure Dad is very proud of you this morning . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Daily Show " has added a new correspondent Jordan Klepper is an alum of the Upright Citizens Brigade He debuted on "  The Daily Show " March 3
CNN  The city of Los Angeles is expecting more than 40 million visitors this year . If you 're among the inbound , you 're going to need to do a lot more than leave the heavy coats at home and drop a few "  dudes " into your repartee if you do n't want to be mistaken for the latest Hollywood wannabe to drop off a turnip truck . Follow these tips and you just might pass for a local . If your deception goes well , you can bring your suave Angeleno persona home from vacation and try it out with your locals . Just do n't push it . Having "  I Love L.A. " as a ringtone is a little much . 1 . Do n't mention the weather The wonderful monotony of not-too-hot , low-humidity days and mild nights is taken for granted . Weather is n't a topic of conversation -- unless something really weird is happening , like , you know , rain . 2 . For God 's sake , do n't order a Corona Corona is the sort of bland corporate bilge a Budweiser drinker graduates to when he gets his first good job after college , so have a Bohemia or a Negro Modelo instead . And unless you 're auditioning for the role of village idiot , do n't ask "  when is Cinco de Mayo this year ? " That 's been known to happen . Really . 3 . In Venice Beach , do n't be nonplussed by anything If every day is like an R-rated variety show overseen by an LSD aficionado -- and in Venice Beach it is -- you deal with it . You do n't go slack-jawed when you see a five-legged dog relieving himself on a square of grass while mustachioed women and men with elaborate facial tattoos full of typos look on . 4 . In Hollywood , show your cool If you wangle an invitation to a "  screener " -- a showing of a completed but unreleased movie for industry types and critics -- be early . There are n't any trailers . Seven p.m. means the feature starts at 7 p.m. Do n't be demonstrative or loud . You 're there because you have something to do with the film industry . This is your job . Be cool . 5 . Eat at a food truck The food truck scene is amazing and getting more so . Example : Get Toasted , a truck featuring superb Filipino-Mexican hybrid comfort food , comes along , and its originality and excellence do n't even stand out . 6 . Honor the local deities There are popular Angelenos , there are admired Angelenos . And then there are the Angelenos who might as well be secular gods , they 're so beloved . The first is warm , witty Dodgers broadcaster Vin Scully , who has been announcing the team 's games since 1950 , when the franchise was in Brooklyn . Scully manages to be funny and insightful without ever being mean . He 's like family to millions of people . Scully used to be alone on this island of extreme L.A. esteem . Now he 's been joined by Magic Johnson , the sunny former Lakers superstar turned AIDS activist and business tycoon . Magic is so gracious that he almost seems too good to be true . He 's true . In a city full of phonies and in a sports world full of arrogant jerks , he easily connects with everyone . Do n't diss Magic . Or Vin . Unless you want people to think you 're from San Francisco . 7 . Have an opinion on Shaq and Kobe If you live in L.A. , especially if you 're a male able to breathe , you have to have a considered take on Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal , the testy NBA duo that brought three consecutive NBA titles to the Los Angeles Lakers . Their snippy , contentious 1995-2004 run with the Lakers amounts to the "  Citizen Kane " of real-life sports psychodramas . You can be pro-Shaq : Kobe did n't want Shaq to win a fourth NBA Finals MVP in the 2004 matchup with Detroit , so he would n't pass to Shaq even though Shaq was being covered by a midget , costing the Lakers the title . You can be pro-Kobe : Bleep Shaq . If he cared as much as Kobe , the Lakers would have won the Finals every year . You can be down on both : Shaq coasted on raw physical dominance more than any athlete ever , and yeah , Kobe works hard , but in his heart of hearts , he is me-first . But for God 's sake , do n't say , "  You know that Shaq and Kobe ? They were sure something ! " At least if you 're a male able to breathe . 8 . Be discreet about celebrity sightings If you 're eager to see someone famous , that defines you as a non-Angeleno . But if you really want a celebrity story to take back home , you can get one a lot more discreetly than by hanging around Nobu or Chateau Marmont and gawking at the patrons . Instead , go to the fancy Pavilions grocery store on Heathercliff Road in Malibu . On a Saturday morning , you ca n't throw a rock without hitting someone who 's at least been a regular on a network TV show . But you might not recognize him or her -- because at Pavilions , unlike Nobu , the celebrities are n't wearing copious makeup . Chris Reed moved to Los Angeles County in 1990 and has been a Southern California journalist ever since , writing for such newspapers as the Los Angeles Daily News and Orange County Register and appearing dozens of times on "  The John & Ken Show " on KFI AM 640 and "  AirTalk with Larry Mantle " on KPCC-FM , a PBS affiliate .	Dying to be part of the L.A. scene ? No ? Good , you 're already half local Venice Beach is a freak show ; that does n't mean you should freak out there Author says drinking Corona marks you out as a newbie If you see Vin Scully , bow down before him . Or just listen to him call Dodgers game on the radio
A prominent human rights activist whose 18-month house arrest in eastern China and dramatic escape attracted worldwide attention is in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , a close friend said Saturday . "  When Chen Guangcheng first fled to Beijing , we had to keep moving him from place to place to ensure his safety -- and we agreed the U.S. Embassy is the only absolutely secure location in town , " said Hu Jia , a fellow activist and one of the few people who 've seen him since he arrived in the capital . "  I understand he 's now in a 100 % safe place and that place is the U.S. Embassy . " Quoting an anonymous source , Texas-based nonprofit group ChinaAid said Chen is "  under U.S. protection and high-level talks are currently under way between U.S. and Chinese officials regarding his status . " "  Because of Chen 's wide popularity , the Obama administration must stand firmly with him or risk losing credibility as a defender of freedom and the rule of law , " said Bob Fu , the head of ChinaAid . A U.S. Embassy spokesman and Chinese officials declined to answer questions about Chen . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is scheduled to arrive in Beijing next week for talks with Chinese officials on strategic and economic issues . The activist , who is blind , was driven to Beijing on Sunday after evading his guards in a tiny village in Shandong Province , according to He Peirong , a friend and fellow activist . Chen addressed Chinese premier Wen Jiabao in a video posted on YouTube on Friday , detailing "  cruel " abuses he said he and his family suffered at the hands of authorities during more than 18 months of heavily guarded detention in their home . "  They broke into my house and more than a dozen men assaulted my wife , " he said . "  They pinned her down and wrapped her in a comforter , beating and kicking her for hours . They also similarly violently assaulted me . " Journalists and supporters were prevented from visiting Chen during his house arrest . One of those supporters is Hollywood actor Christian Bale , who was roughed up by security guards during such an attempt in December . After learning of Chen 's escape , Bale urged China to free his family , who were also under house arrest but did not escape with him . "  While it gives hope that , for now , Chen Guangcheng is safe , his family is not , " Bale said in an e-mail to CNN Saturday . "  As a world leader , China must now show its wisdom and compassion , and remind the world of its rich cultural history , by permanently freeing Chen Guangcheng and his family and never allowing thuggery and corruption to tarnish China 's reputation again . " Chen , 40 , is a self-taught lawyer who rose to fame in the late 1990s thanks to his legal advocacy for what he called victims of abusive practices , such as alleged forced abortions , by China 's family-planning officials . A local court sentenced Chen to four years and three months in prison in 2006 on charges of damaging property and "  organizing a mob to disturb traffic " in a protest , charges that his supporters called preposterous . Since his September 2010 release from prison , he had been confined to his home along with his wife , mother and daughter . According to He , Chen 's friend , Chen prepared for his escape for months by lying in bed for long periods so guards would n't be suspicious if they did n't see any activity from him for a long time . Fellow activist Hu said Chen scaled a high wall at night and hurt his leg after jumping off . "  He stumbled and fell hundreds of times , and crossed a muddy creek -- it took him hours to evade layers of security , " Hu told CNN by phone . "  As a blind man , his other senses are heightened , " he added . "  To him , night means nothing and darkness is protection . " Hu , himself released from prison last June after serving 31/2 years for "  inciting to subvert state power , " has known Chen since 2001 . His wife posted a photo online of the men 's reunion at an undisclosed location , showing both sporting black jackets and wide grins . "  He called me ` brother , brother , ' and gave me a big hug , " Hu said . "  He has a lot more gray hair and is sick , but his spirits are high . " Chen 's high-profile breakout appears to have angered the local officials who were holding him captive , with supporters saying at least four members of his family already detained . In the Friday video , the blind activist appealed to the Chinese premier to investigate his case and expressed concern about the welfare of his wife , mother and daughter . Their whereabouts were unknown Saturday . "  Although I 'm free , my worries are only deepening , " he said . "  They have been persecuting my family for a long time , and my escape would only prompt them into a mode of revenge . " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay echoed those sentiments , saying in a statement released Friday that she is "  disturbed to hear reports that other family members ... have now been detained . " Noting she has raised concerns about Chen 's case before , Pillay urged Chinese authorities "  to investigate the treatment of both him and his family , to ensure their physical integrity and to provide redress for any wrongdoing by local officials . " Repeated calls seeking comment from the local authorities in Shandong went unanswered . The authorities ' reaction also seems to have ensnared Chen 's supporters , especially those suspected in helping him escape . After speaking to CNN , Hu was taken away by police for questioning , his wife posted on Twitter . Chen 's friend He disappeared Friday , shortly after CNN interviewed her via Skype . The last message she sent out , said Fu of ChinaAid , was that state security agents had arrived at her home in the eastern city of Nanjing . "  I 'm not concerned about my own safety , " she said during the interview . "  I hope they 'll arrest me , not my friends . "	A fellow activist says Chen is ` under U.S. protection ' with talks under way on his status Actor and supporter Christian Bale urges China to free Chen 's family A U.S. embassy spokesman declines to answer questions about him The blind activist flees to Beijing after being under house arrest for more than 18 months
Anyone who 's ever attempted to lose weight knows the frustration of trying -- and failing at -- different diets . But a study published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association suggests any low-carbohydrate or low-fat diet can produce significant weight loss results . People should choose diets that they can stick to , rather than fret over low-fat versus low-carb , says study author Bradley Johnston , assistant professor of clinical epidemiology at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario . The study Researchers looked at 48 previous studies that included a total of 7,286 overweight and obese adults . Many participants followed popular name-branded diets , including the low-carb Atkins , South Beach , or Zone diets , the balanced "  Biggest Loser , " Jenny Craig , Nutrisystem , Volumetrics or Weight Watchers diets , or the low-fat Ornish or Rosemary Conley diets . The participants reported their body weight or body mass index before and after following the diets . Calculate your BMI The results After six months , those on low-carb diets and low-fat diets lost approximately the same amount of weight -- around 18 pounds . The researchers found those on brand-name diets saw only small variations in the amount of weight lost . 11 simple weight loss tips "  There may be important differences to some individual clinicians or some individual dieters , but overall the differences are minimal , " Johnston said . In addition , exercise and behavioral support enhanced weight loss . Behavioral support includes things like group support , counseling and/or meeting with a registered dietitian . After a year , many people stopped losing weight and gained a couple of pounds back . The average sustained weight loss was 16 pounds . The researchers noted exercise continued to enhance weight loss , whereas the results for behavioral support were no longer significant after a year . In an editorial accompanying the study , Linda Van Horn of the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago argued that limiting carbohydrates or fat can be risky . Focusing solely on weight loss , she wrote , only makes these popular diets seems healthy . 5 ways a healthy diet is making you tired As soon as you start reducing or eliminating macronutrients like fat , carbs or protein , you run the risk of avoiding foods that "  actually have a host of nutrients to them , " she said . People who eat a low-carb diet , for example , often miss out on the fiber , potassium , Vitamin C and other phytochemicals that are important to good health . Another take The debate over low-fat and low-carb diets has been going on for decades . And the JAMA study likely wo n't put a stop to it . Just on Monday , a study of 148 people published in the Annals of Internal Medicine found that a low-carb diet is superior to a low-fat one for weight loss . Participants on the low-carb diet reduced their cardiovascular risk factors . They also saw reductions in fat mass , along with improved cholesterol levels . Low-carb , high-protein diets linked to women 's heart disease "  With the obesity epidemic , everyone is really interested in the best way , the easiest way to lose weight , " said Lauri Wright , registered dietitian nutritionist and spokeswoman for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics , who was not involved in either study . "  For every one study that shows the low-carb is better , then there 's a counterstudy that shows that low-fat is better . And it 's very confusing . " Wright recommends people see a dietitian to develop an individualized plan . "  We 're not only trying to lose weight , but we 're also trying to prevent diseases too , " she added . "  We want to make sure the diet is not only low in calories , but it has really high-quality nutrition value . "	A new study suggests any low-carb or low-fat diet can help with weight loss The average sustained weight loss after one year was 16 pounds Cardiovascular risk factors reduced with low-carb diet , study finds Lack of fiber , potassium , Vitamin C are possible side effects of extreme low-carb diets
ISIS militants are fighting Iraqi military and tribal forces close to the main government complex of Anbar province in the center of Ramadi , according to a local official there . The fighting started Friday after ISIS militants launched a coordinated assault from different direction around the city , according to Faleh al-Issawi , deputy head of the provincial council . The battle is taking place about 1,000 feet from the complex that houses the local government and security headquarters . "  If the government complex falls , it would mean the fall of the whole province , " Al-Issawi told CNN . The bodies of 23 tribesmen and 12 ISIS militants were found after Friday 's fighting , Al-Issawi said . The police chief of al-Habaniya , outside Ramadi , and three of his guards were killed during Friday 's fighting , according to Al-Issawi . Most of the Sunni-dominated province and some parts of Ramadi have been under the control of ISIS , and the militants have been making recent advances despite coalition airstrikes targeting them . The United States conducted two airstrikes near Ramadi on Friday , according to U.S. Central Command . Three weeks ago , Pentagon officials said they plan to deploy U.S. military advisers to Anbar to advise and assist Iraqi security forces there . Father and sons leave Germany to fight ISIS	ISIS militants and military fight close to Anbar province government center in Ramadi All of Anbar could fall to ISIS , government official warns U.S. conducted two airstrikes near Ramadi , Central Command reports
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has reacted angrily to the use of its flag during live-fire drills by South Korea and the United States , calling it "  a grave provocative act . " The comments from Pyongyang on Sunday came after the allies held military drills last week less than 50 kilometers  30 miles  away from the North Korean border , involving more than 2,000 military personnel . An unidentified North Korean foreign ministry spokesman accused South Korea and the United States of firing "  live bullets and shells " at the flag , according to a report by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . The act was "  the most vivid expression of their hostile policy , " the spokesman said . The North Korean flag was put on an elevated hill but was not directly used as a target during the exercises , an official for the South Korean Defense Ministry said , declining to be identified . "  It was used only as a symbol of North Korean territory and the drill was a defensive one , " he added . More than 230 military weapons were used in the U.S.-South Korean exercises on Tuesday and Friday last week , including newly upgraded attack helicopters and artillery . The use of the flag is clearly a provocation for North Korean officials , who will take it as an insult to their identity and dignity , said Choi Jong-kun , a professor at Yonsei University . North Korea slams joint drill among U.S. , Japan and South Korea "  They are not likely to respond physically , but they will definitely capitalize this opportunity for the future , " he added . Pyongyang nonetheless used the military drills as an opportunity to remind Seoul and Washington of its nuclear weapons program . The North "  will further bolster up its nuclear deterrent for self-defence as long as the U.S. , the world 's biggest nuclear weapons state , persists in its hostile policy , " KCNA cited the Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying . South Korea said last month that satellite images suggested that North Korea was ready to carry out a fresh nuclear test but that the reclusive state was awaiting a "  political decision " on whether or not to go ahead . Many analysts assume an atomic test by North Korea is just a matter of time following the failure of a controversial rocket launch in April . Two previous rocket launches in 2006 and 2009 were followed weeks or months later by nuclear tests . The two Koreas are still technically at war since the 1950-53 conflict that left the Korean Peninsula divided along a heavily militarized border . The United States has tens of thousands of troops stationed in South Korea . The live-fire drills were part of a series of military exercises last week , including a trilateral naval drill between the United States , South Korea and Japan . Clinton says young North Korean leader ` has a choice '	The United States and South Korea hold a joint military exercises A North Korean flag is used in the live-fire drills Pyongyang says that constitutes a grave provocation South Korea says the flag was to mark territory and was not used as a target
