Former Hi-Five R&B singer Russell Neal is in custody after turning himself in to police on July 2 , saying his wife was dead in their Houston apartment . After Houston Fire Department paramedics forced entry into the apartment , they pronounced Catherine Martinez , 24 , dead of multiple stab wounds and blunt force head trauma . Officer Richard Ridel of Houston Police Department 's homicide unit initially questioned Neal , 40 , when he turned himself in at the station . According to Ridel , after Neal was read his Miranda rights , he refused to provide further statements without a lawyer present . Neal did , however , say he and his wife had been in an argument before her death . Police do n't know if Neal and Martinez 's two sons , ages 3 and 4 , were at the scene of their mother 's killing . The children are now in the care of Neal 's mother . Officers will interview the couple 's family and neighbors to "  see what their relationship was like " and "  whether or not they fought a lot , " Ridel said . Neal is best known for Hi-Five 's No. 1 song , "  I Like The Way  The Kissing Game  . " Debbie Egel , an attorney for Hi-Five , said , "  We are aware of the current situation in Houston , Texas , involving Russell Neal , former member of the legendary ' 90 's R&B group Hi-Five . We are presently evaluating the situation . The group is in the studio recording and Mr. Neal was not a part of the upcoming project . Bronx Most Wanted Entertainment will continue to monitor the situation . " Egel added on behalf of the group , "  This is an unfortunate situation and our prayers go out to both families involved . " In 2009 , Neal faced various charges throughout the year including DWI , marijuana possession , resisting arrest , and driving with an invalid license with previous convictions . Neal 's court date is set for July 7 , 2014 . He remains in jail with a bond set at $ 100,000 . Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced for abusing girls No rehab for Shia LaBeouf , just addiction treatment ` Opie & Anthony 's ' Anthony Cumia fired over tweets	'90s R&B singer Russell Neal turned himself in , police say He said his wife was dead , and that they 'd been in a fight , police say Neal is in police custody awaiting arraignment
Washington  CNN  -- Fliers beware . As soon as Monday , travelers nationwide could face flight delays because of the federal spending cuts , with delays averaging 10 , 20 , and 30 minutes at major hub airports during peak periods , but soaring on days when controller furloughs force airports to shut down runways . In those infrequent circumstances , delays could exceed an hour at Los Angeles International and hit three-and-a-half hours at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson airport , top federal transportation officials warned . Airlines ask court to block FAA furloughs And those delays , long as they are , could grow longer if compounded by bad weather or equipment failures , officials said . A dour Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood and his Federal Aviation Administration chief , Michael Huerta , briefed the airlines on Tuesday and reporters on Thursday , saying the public needs to be informed about the impending impacts of the forced spending cuts , known as the sequester . The Department of Transportation needs to cut $ 1 billion from its budget , with some $ 637 million of that coming from the FAA 's $ 16 billion budget . Congressional Republicans say the DOT could have chosen less harmful cuts . But LaHood , himself a Republican , says there 's no way to cut $ 1 billion without impacting services . "  We have done everything  possible  to find a billion dollars , and if we had our way we probably would n't be sitting here , " LaHood said . "  This is very painful . This is not what we signed up for . This is a dumb idea . Sequester is a dumb idea . Not one person in America would use the sequester to figure out their budget . It 's a meat-ax approach . " LaHood and Huerta said impacts will reduce the efficiency of the system , but will not imperil passengers ' safety . "  I want to make it abundantly clear , we will not take a backseat to safety during sequestration , " added LaHood . Furlough notices have been sent to the DOT 's 55,000 employees , telling them that they will be placed on unpaid leave for 11 days by September 30 , the end of the fiscal year . All employees face furloughs , including the 47,000 FAA employees , many of whom are air traffic controllers . "  We can not avoid furloughs , " LaHood said . Huerta said the nation 's large hub airports face "  heavy to moderate " delays , and delays are likely to ripple to other airports . The impact is uneven at the hub airports because of differing traffic volumes and configurations , he said . Airports can have intersecting or non-intersecting runways , single or multiple control towers , and varying technology . Furloughs will be managed at the airport facility level , LaHood said . In an effort to predict the impact , the FAA studied actual airport traffic at 13 major airports on March 29 , a clear weather Friday . Mondays and Fridays traditionally are the busiest air travel days . The FAA looked at the actual traffic and the rate at which it can accept aircraft and calculated the impact of fewer controllers . The FAA said its study showed a "  wide range of impacts , " and it predicted "  average delays " and "  maximum delays " at six airports it considers illustrative : Newark 's Liberty : Average delay : 20.5 minutes . Maximum delay : 51 minutes . The FAA said peak air traffic already exceeds the airport 's capacity . A reduced staffing could lead to ground delays , which is a hold on traffic at the originating airport until the load is reduced . New York City 's John F. Kennedy : Average delay : 12 minutes . Maximum delay : 50 minutes . The FAA expects it will have to introduce ground-delay programs to meet afternoon demand on busy days . New York City 's LaGuardia : Average delay : 30.5 minutes . Maximum delay : 80 minutes . The airport 's small , compact size contributes to difficulties storing planes on the ground , Huerta said . Chicago O'Hare : Average delay : 50.4 minutes . Maximum delay : 132 minutes . O'Hare has two towers . Furloughs will lead O'Hare to occasionally shutter one of its two control towers , closing one runway and reducing takeoffs and landings . Los Angeles International : Average delay : 10.1 minutes . Maximum delay : 67 minutes . Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson : Average delay : 11.3 minutes . Maximum delay : 210 minutes . Safety limitations could create situations where the FAA would not be able to use all of the airport 's five parallel runways . The FAA said it plans to release predictions for seven other airports : Miami , Fort Lauderdale , Philadelphia , Charlotte , Chicago Midway , San Diego and San Francisco . LaHood said the FAA shared the information with airlines on Tuesday . The officials called the maximum delays "  an estimate ... a forecast . " Of the most extreme delays , Huerta said , "  We think they will be infrequent . " Criticism came from all directions Thursday . Airlines for America , which represents major U.S. airlines , said it is reviewing legal options to prevent the furloughs . "  We have consistently said -- and we have three , third-party legal opinions affirming -- that the FAA has the discretion to implement cuts without furloughing air traffic controllers , " said spokeswoman Jean Medina . Sen. Jerry Moran , R-Kansas , said "  savings can and should be found elsewhere . " "  I am baffled by the administration 's continued insistence on putting its top-line message -- that we ca n't cut a dime without severe consequences -- before the safety and well-being of Americans . " Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , blamed Republicans for "  refusing to work " for a budget compromise and slammed the FAA for not doing more to warn the public . "  I am deeply disappointed that the agency has failed to inform the public on how dramatically their travel plans will be impacted in the days and weeks ahead , " he said . "  The FAA immediately needs to do substantially more to explain the impact of sequestration on the traveling public . " Industry groups said the impact of furloughs would be far-reaching . "  For the airlines , it means significant cuts in capacity and major financial losses , " said the Air Line Pilots Association , International . "  For pilots , it could span from challenges getting to work to losing their jobs . For passengers , it could mean a lot of time waiting in airports and not making it to their destinations on time . " A group representing airports Thursday also warned that the FAA furloughs could impact passengers . Airports Council International - North America said it is "  standing ready to assist passengers whose travel plans are disrupted by sequestration-related furloughs . " The FAA also plans to close control towers at 149 small - to medium-sized airports on June 15 . It postponed plans to close the airports beginning April 7 to give airports a chance to find alternate sources of funds for the towers .	Transportation officials say travelers will wait , and wait , and wait out effects of sequester "  This is very painful ... Sequester is a dumb idea , " says Secretary LaHood Delays could run from minutes into hours at major airports with fewer controllers Weather problems could make delays even longer
CNN  -- Throughout this primary election season , as tea party candidates in Kentucky , Georgia , Texas and elsewhere faltered , a media narrative started taking shape that the Republican establishment was taking back control of the party . Then , stunningly , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor lost Tuesday night . Some will insist that this historic upset was simply a fluke . But the reality is that the "  Establishment Strikes Back " storyline has been wrong all along . The tea party has in fact been on a roll ever since it burst on the scene . Its success needs to be properly understood -- then emulated by its foes in both parties . The tea party is resilient partly because for many in the movement , winning is not primarily about election results . Even when it loses primaries , it wins -- by forcing the winners so far to the right that they would be unrecognizable by establishment Republicans of a generation ago . And when tea party candidates win primaries outright , as David Brat did Tuesday night in Virginia , they of course directly push their party rightward . When it comes to actual policymaking and governing , the same dynamic applies . In cases where the tea party did n't get what it wanted , as in the debt and default crisis , it still succeeded in redefining the frame of the possible . In the House it can always veto proposals such as immigration reform that have cleared the Senate . In short : The tea party wins when it loses and wins when it wins . This is a pretty good setup . And it 's not an accident . I disagree profoundly with the tea party 's policy agenda . Yet I also have come to see that nobody is better at democracy today than the tea party . Cantor 's electoral autopsy will surely describe how Brat 's campaign , out-funded and out-endorsed , was never out-organized . Tea partyers win elections by old-fashioned person-to-person proselytizing , plenty of new-media mobilizing and a fair amount of time-tested fear-mongering . They create a sense of urgency , and they convert that urgency into turnout . After the election , they continue to meet , rally and apply effective pressure on elected officials . Yes , it 's not all grass roots , and pools of big money and the power of Fox News have much to do with tea party clout . But when you spend time with activists , you come to appreciate that there is no secret playbook at work . At the core is a network of citizens who 've decided to deploy the full range of tools available . They show up . They work the phones . They work the media . They elect people . They un-elect people . That full-range deployment has given a minority of the nation 's minority party truly outsize voice in American politics . Consider immigration . Just Tuesday morning came reports of a new poll showing majorities in both parties supporting a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . By nightfall , with Brat 's uncompromising stance against such a pathway , the new conventional wisdom was that immigration reform is now dead . Never mind that Lindsey Graham , who shaped the Senate immigration bill that included a pathway to citizenship , handily defeated his primary challengers . Never mind that anything 's possible in a lame-duck session with a House leadership in flux . Now many in the Beltway will simply say immigration is untouchable because the tea party wants it that way and if the tea party can beat Cantor it can beat anyone . Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill You can decry the tea party 's ability to create such self-fulfilling perceptions , but you can not dismiss it . In fact , activists along every other point of the political spectrum should study the tea party more closely and learn just how it endows relatively small blocs of voters with the force of much larger blocs . What if the progressive left , centrist Democrats and moderate Republicans all organized and mobilized their people as effectively as the tea party has ? What if citizens of every stripe , even without access to big campaign cash , learned to activate people power ? What if leaders of all leanings thought harder about how to wake up their base and get them actually to vote ? It may be harder to do that in the middle than on the extremes , but it 's not impossible . The political scientist E.E. Schattschneider once wrote , "  All that is necessary to produce the most painless revolution in history , the first revolution ever legalized and legitimatized in advance , is to have a sufficient number of people do something not much more difficult than to walk across the street on election day . " As Cantor can now attest , the activists of the tea party understand this . They count votes and make votes count . Want to join them ? Learn from them . Want to beat them ? Learn from them . Either way , it 's how we 'll make a new democracy .	Eric Liu : GOP establishment seemed to be reasserting itself , then Eric Cantor loses Liu says tea party wins even when it loses , forcing GOP candidates further to the right Liu : Tea party uses every strategy to give a minority of the minority party outsize clout Nobody better at democracy , and other groups can learn from tea party , he says
WIRED  -- Say hello to your latest personal navigation device : a netbook . Dell plans to introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be integrated into the company 's netbooks to turn them into gizmos that can offer turn-by-turn direction as well as any Garmin or TomTom . Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks to offer turn-by-turn direction . "  Smartphones already have GPS capabilities , " says Alan Sicher , senior wireless product manager at Dell . "  We are now bringing it to netbooks so the devices know where you are and can help you where you want to go . " Customers will have the option to buy the $ 69 card called the Wireless 700 when ordering their Dell Mini 10 netbook . Dell 's move comes at a time when navigation devices makers are looking beyond the traditional standalone GPS gadget and are offering their software on other devices . Last month , TomTom announced that its turn-by-turn directions app would be available on the iPhone . TomTom will also offer accessories such as a car mounting dock and power charger . Meanwhile , Dell is hoping to capitalize on the explosive sales of netbooks . Dell netbooks with the integrated GPS cards will allow consumers to pop open a netbook and get directions and also also make their netbook location aware . For instance , buyers can geo-tag photos on Flickr or check weather information customized to their current location . The Wireless 700 card combines Broadcom 's GPS technology and Skyhook Wireless ' Wi-Fi positioning solutions . As for the navigation software , it offers 2D and 3D map views , save addresses for a trip and route optimization -- pretty much all the things that a standard GPS devices does . Netbooks are petite devices . Still , it is difficult to imagine consumers carrying it around as a GPS navigation device or using it their car to find their way around -- especially when smaller-sized cellphones could do the job . Sicher says Dell 's GPS-capable netbooks will come in handy for international travelers . "  If you are traveling to Europe roaming costs can be pretty pricey for your cellphone , " he says . The GPS netbooks could also be handy in areas where cellphone coverage is weak , says Sicher . But there 's fine print to the turn-by-turn directions navigation software on the netbook . Though it will be free for buyers of the card and the netbook , the maps will be updated yearly and customers could be charged for the updates . Dell plans to offer accessories such as car charger and a dock for the netbooks , but they wo n't be available until later this month . The GPS cards will be available starting July 7 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks The company 's netbooks will be able to offer turn-by-turn directions Makers are looking beyond traditional GPS gadgets to offer software on other devices Users will be able to geo-tag photos on Flickr or check customized weather info
He is lauded as one of Africa 's most unique voices , with a fanbase stretching across the world , but South African singing sensation Vusi Mahlasela remains faithful to his roots . For more than 20 years , the legendary singer has been celebrated globally for his powerful vocals and universal messages of freedom and human kindness . He has toured the world extensively and collaborated with major music stars such as Sting , Paul Simon and Dave Matthews . But despite all his success and international acclaim , Mahlasela still resides in Mamelodi , the small township northeast of Pretoria where he grew up and nurtured his passion and talent for music . He says it all started for him here . "  Quite a lot of inspirations and also some of the songs that I wrote , I penned them here in Mamelodi , " says Mahlasela , who is known in South Africa as "  The Voice . " "  I still have very strong connections with this place , " he adds . "  I feel rooted and connected to this place , I love it . " A humble star , Mahlaselaʼs roots are reflected in his songs and lyrics , many written during one of the toughest times in South Africaʼs history -- the fight against apartheid . Somali rapper K'naan makes songs in the key of love Perhaps his most famous song , "  When You Come Back , " has become an anthem in the country , celebrating the return of those who escaped apartheid and lived in exile . Mahlasela says the song 's hopeful lyrics , written years before South Africaʼs democratic change , were also for those arrested , like former South African president Nelson Mandela -- not surprisingly , Mahlasela was asked in 1994 to perform at Mandelaʼs inauguration . Passionate about spreading the traditional African philosophy , Ubuntu , many of Mahlaselaʼs global tours throughout his career have been benefit concerts . He has also become an ambassador to the 46664 foundation -- named after Mandelaʼs prison number and dedicated to raising awareness about HIV/AIDS . "  That spirit of collective good , it 's still in the principle of ubuntu , " he says . "  Everyday kindness , love , forgiveness , reconciliation , so everything about us that makes us human . " Honoring a career that spans 20 years and 10 albums , Mahlasela was recently given a lifetime achievement award in South Africa . Watch : Vusi Mahlasela 's creative process The singer is now focusing on helping younger generations , supporting Africaʼs future generation of musicians and songwriters through the foundation he created in 2000 . "  It is to give music lessons , but also to develop even those who are playing already and we do have outreach programs for primary schools , " says Mahlasela . "  They 're trying to encourage the schools and the governments to give lessons to the young ones and to encourage also the musicians or the students to start picking up folk , indigenous , traditional instruments , because it 's something that they really have to be proud of and to infuse them with Western instruments . " On stage , Ubuntu shines through . Mahlaselaʼs distinctive vocals blend in wonderfully with his enchanting music , taking the listeners on an emotional journey . "  My music is sort of more accessible to every listener , young and old , they love my music , " he says . "  And I 've seen it also happen that I have also gotten that energy back from the people -- performing and after that when I 'm going out there to sign CDs people will come to me with quite a lot of different great compliments , so it gives me the pleasurable feeling that I can really give something to the people and that will really change their lives to the better . "	With over 20 years experience , Vusi Mahlasela is one of Africa 's most lauded singers Through his international success , he focuses on spreading African philosophy , Ubuntu He has established a foundation nurturing young African talent and providing music lessons
CNN  -- Bubba Watson held his nerve to secure a third win on the PGA Tour Sunday after the 32-year-old beat Webb Simpson in a playoff to clinch the Zurich Classic in New Orleans . The left-hander and fellow American Simpson both finished on 15-under par after final rounds of 69 and a second additional hole was needed to separate the pair . A fine approach shot out of a fairway bunker enabled Watson , who turned professional in 2003 , to find the cup with two putts and claim victory . The U.S. duo finished two shots clear of compatriots Jason Dufner and Tommy Gainey and South Korea 's K.J. Choi , who all ended the tournament on 13-under . Watson , who had won earlier this year at the Farmers Insurance tournament at Torrey Pines , slipped three-strokes behind Simpson , 25 , with only eight holes remaining of regulation play . "  This week , I won -LSB- by -RSB- not getting down on bad shots , just staying focused on what I 'm supposed to be doing , " Watson told the PGA Tour 's official web site . Simpson was hit with a crucial one-stroke penalty on the 15th hole when he was penalized after his ball moved on the green while he was contemplating his next shot . "  I better limit my comments on that rule , because I think it 's such a bad rule , " said Simpson . "  When the wind or other natural things affect the golf ball , the player should n't be penalized . ... It was just unfortunate , but Bubba deserves a win , and I 'm pretty happy for him . " Watson sympathized with his opponent and acknowledged the punishment handed out to Simpson played a part in his victory . "  If I did n't win , he would have been a nice guy to have win . We went to a playoff , so obviously one shot is the difference . ... It 's a sad way to win , but I won . " Australia 's Matt Jones finished tied with American George McNeill on 12-under in sixth , with five players , including world number three Luke Donald , finishing one shot further back .	American Bubba Watson wins the Zurich Classic in New Orleans Watson beat compatriot Webb Simpson on the second playoff hole World number three Luke Donald finishes three shots back on 12-under par
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A defiant and chaotic protest sprouted in and around a public square Monday despite a warning by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard against the kind of street demonstrations that have roiled Iran for more than a week , witnesses said . Security forces patrol the streets of Tehran on Monday . Thousands of Iranians congregated and passed through Haft-e Tir Square , but riot police and the pro-government Basij militia confronted them and smacked their batons against their shin guards , making loud cracking sounds that seemed like gunshots , the witnesses said . As the protests continued , an election official with the Interior Ministry said the "  box-by-box details " of the ballots -- which were confidential in previous elections -- would be released in response to claims that the election was rigged , Press TV reported . Iran 's Guardian Council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the election with 62.63 percent of the vote . His closest rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , received 33.75 percent , surprising many experts who expected him to win . Iranians have continued protesting the results by taking to the streets . Most stores around the square were closed as the unrest reverberated , with some guarding against damage by erecting steel fences on their windows . Helicopters hovered overhead as the security forces wielded batons and used a spray to push the crowd out of the square . After that , police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets , with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension-filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk . There were isolated face-offs and quarrels that broke out between demonstrators and the riot police and the Basij militia -- a volunteer paramilitary force that takes orders from the Revolutionary Guard , a military unit under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader . There were no reports of serious injuries , but there were at least eight arrests , witnesses said . "  Thirty years after the revolution , this is what we get , " one man said dejectedly , watching the noisy and chaotic scene as he remembered the birth and the promise of Iran 's Islamic revolution in 1979 . The location was the spot where a vigil was to be held in memory of Neda , a young woman who became a symbol for the opposition after her death was caught on camera . While Internet postings on Twitter , Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader 's Web site had mentioned a possible rally , it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil . Some people were clad in black , a symbol of mourning , but placards and banners about Neda and candles have not been seen . However , security forces and demonstrators appeared at the square at the time the vigil was to be held . Watch how women are on front line of protests " Meanwhile , a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's Facebook page , which could not be authenticated , called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead . "  We are waiting for the route of the march to be announced as well as the location of the sit-in , " the message said . "  Presently the mausoleum of the founder of the Islamic Republic seems to be the safest place for the sit-in , so that we can mourn for our martyrs in a place that is close to the spirit of that free man . Demonstrators Monday had brushed off a warning from the Revolutionary Guard that people who "  disturb the peace and stand up to security forces " would be met with a strong response . The state-run Islamic Republic News Agency quoted the Revolutionary Guard as saying "  the guardians of the Islamic revolution and the courageous Basiji together with the security forces following the orders of the supreme leader and following him unquestioningly . " It said the authorities "  are determined to act strongly to return peace and tranquility to society ... and to clean the country of these plotters and hooligans . " Iran 's Revolutionary Guard is directly under the control of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and enforces the government 's Islamic codes and morality . With more than 200,000 members , it is tasked with overseeing the country 's crucial interests , including guarding its oil fields and missile arsenals . The regime 's lawmakers called for a review of ties with Britain amid concerns over so-called Western "  meddling " in the country 's daily unrest . The government-funded Press TV reported that Iranian lawmakers were calling for a review of the country 's ties with Britain because of its "  interference in Iran 's recent post-election unrest . " Britain 's Foreign Office announced Monday it is withdrawing the family members of its embassy staff from Iran until the situation there improves . News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists . On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran . Al-Arabiya , a Dubai-based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed . At least 19 people were killed in clashes in Tehran on Saturday as Iranians took to the streets to protest the results of the June 12 presidential election , according to hospital sources . Iranian-funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities , while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150 . Tehran 's prosecutor general 's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings . Watch one woman 's account of clashes with security forces " The station also said police arrested 457 people Saturday who vandalized property . See images of the clashes Saturday " Moussavi has called on Iranians to "  exercise self-control , " while still supporting their right to demonstrate , a statement attributed to Moussavi said late Sunday on the candidate 's Web site , Ghalam news . CNN has not been able to verify the authenticity of the site . Watch Iran 's former crown prince call election a "  fraud " " On Monday , the site was intermittently inaccessible , but said at one point that Moussavi had met with a group of clerics in the city of Ghom on Monday morning to discuss current events . A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates .	NEW : Interior Ministry will release box-by-box ballot details , Press TV reports Basij militia smack batons against shin guards as protesters pass through square Helicopters hover as thousands play cat and mouse with police , witnesses say At least 8 reported arrested , but no reports of serious injuries
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update , Sunday , 3:20 a.m. -RSB- People were crying out for help from underneath debris early Sunday after a landslide in Washington state , said City of Arlington fire Capt. Brandon Asher . Rescuers are trying to forge through the wreckage to get to them . -LSB- Original story , Saturday , 11:49 pm . -RSB- 3 killed , 3 critically injured in Washington state landslide CNN  -- A devastating landslide Saturday killed three people , cut off a small town and a river and prompted an evacuation notice for fear of a potentially "  catastrophic flood event , " authorities in Washington state said . The Snohomish County Sheriff 's Office said , in addition to those dead , seven adults and a 6-month-old boy were rescued and sent to local hospitals . One of those hospitals , Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , reported that five patients had been airlifted there and were in its care . Three of those -- including the baby , a 58-year-old man and an 81-year-old man -- were in critical condition Saturday night , according to spokeswoman Susan Gregg . At least six houses were destroyed in the landslide , though the sheriff 's office noted they are still assessing exactly how many structures have been affected . The first reports of the landslide came in around 10:45 a.m.  1:45 p.m. ET  along State Road 530 , the sheriff 's office said . Photos provided by the Washington State Patrol show floodwaters and sprawling debris covering a rural patch of that two-lane road , framed by woodlands and snow-capped mountains . CNN first learned of the landslide via Twitter . Groundwater saturation tied to heavy rainfall in the area over the past month was blamed for the landslide , which authorities say measured at least 45 yards wide . Because it blocked SR 530 , the landslide cut off Darrington , a town of about 1,350 people located 75 miles northeast of Seattle and within close proximity to Round Mountain , Whitehorse Mountain and White Chuck Mountain . Part of the Stillaguamish River also was blocked . Residents got reverse 911 calls warning them of "  flooding upstream from the slide , as well as the possibility of a downstream flooding should there be a catastrophic breach by the river , " said Shari Ireton , a sheriff 's spokeswoman . The county later said "  we strongly recommend " that those living in the north fork of the Stillaguamish River flood plain , from Oso to Stanwood , to "  evacuate your home immediately . " "  We are working on establishing shelters for those who have nowhere to go , " county spokeswoman Rebecca Hover said in a statement . "  Until then , people should get to higher ground as soon as possible . "  Nightfall is approaching , and we do not want to take any chances . " Gov. Jay Inslee expressed dismay later Saturday about the "  tragedy in Oso , " the remote community of about 180 people 15 miles west of Darrington . "  On behalf of all Washingtonians , my condolences to the families who lost loved ones in  the  mudslide today , " Inslee tweeted . A number of agencies have responded , including the state transportation and emergency management departments , the U.S. Navy and fire departments across Snohomish County . Upon arriving at the scene , firefighters and state troopers heard calls for help , trooper Mark Francis said . The Snohomish sheriff warned people to stay clear of trestles or bridges or anywhere near the Stillaguamish River downstream of the slide . "  Water could break through at any moment , " the sheriff 's office tweeted . CNN 's Michael Martinez and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : 5 airlifted to one Seattle hospital , including a baby and 2 men in critical condition Floodwaters and trees close a portion of State Road 530 At least 6 homes are destroyed ; the road and a river are blocked Locals are urged to evacuate for fear of a "  catastrophic flood event "
CNN  -- Andrew Ferguson makes the college admissions process feel a lot like an M. Night Shyamalan movie : Plenty of drama and tension . Maybe a little terror . And plot twists that will leave parents saying , "  I did not see that coming . " Ferguson 's new book , "  Crazy U : One Dad 's Crash Course Into Getting His Kid Into College " is part comic memoir and part parental prep guide . Ferguson , a senior editor at The Weekly Standard , jokes that the book is primer on how to prevent a murder . "  This is n't a book about how to get your kid into college , " he said . "  It 's about how to survive getting your kid into college . " But with all the sage advice on navigating the potholes and mazes of college admissions , "  Crazy U " also is a poignant read about parents helping their beloved son leave home and find success at a decent school . Ferguson chatted with CNN and the following is an edited transcript : CNN : A lot of the application process seems to be about mom and dad and not about the student . Ferguson : It 's sort of parenthood concentrated . It 's all of the ironies of parenthood put together because , of course , the job of a parent is to teach the people that you ca n't live without , to live without you . You sort of fulfill yourself by denying yourself . That 's what goes on in this college admissions process . You 're trying to help the kid leave you . There are some parents who think that 's great , but most of the parents I know feel pretty torn about that . On one hand I 'm writing about the struggles my son had getting through the process . On the other , I 'm writing about the struggles my wife and I had . Two sides of the same coin . CNN : How much of the research and application process should be the student 's and how much should be the parents ? Ferguson : Every parent and child are going to have to determine that for themselves . Even against your best intentions , the process has a way of sucking you in . There are little trapdoors built into the process that demand the parent get involved . My son assumed the posture of one of those bodies floating face-down in that scene of "  Titanic . " I think that was a reaction to my over-aggressiveness . But I knew I was going to have to poke him once in a while . CNN : Does he understand now why you did what you did ? Ferguson : I really do n't know . I do know that he 's extremely happy where he is and he 's thriving . How much of that entails gratitude to his mother and father is not clear . He 's read the book and he has n't tried to murder me or anything , so I assume it was n't entirely offensive to him . I 've often thought the key to the whole process is how to keep your kid from murdering you , and how to keep from murdering your kid . If you can get through this thing without homicide , I think that 's a victory in itself . CNN : You write that for every piece of advice you get , there 's another piece of advice to counter it . Ferguson : That 's how everybody ends up . They may not admit it , but that 's what everybody does . I talk about this law of constant contradiction which seems as ironclad as anything Newton or Einstein came up with . That 's partly because there 's so much advice out there . It 's almost inevitable that someone will say , "  Proofread your application . " And someone else will say , "  Put a bunch of typos in your application so that you can say something original . " The problem with a lot of the advice on the Web is that it may be good , but you do n't know where it 's coming from . Are you supposed to trust someone who calls himself Puppy Wuppy or RodtheBod69 ? CNN : The problems you describe mainly concern those applying to higher-end universities , right ? Ferguson : I do n't want to sound ungrateful . These are high-class problems . The kind of craziness and frenzy that I describe is something well-to-do or prosperous people put on themselves . But it 's seeping down into income levels where you would n't expect it . A lot of this is caused by things that are very admirable , like our love for our children and our desire to see them get ahead .	Andrew Ferguson writes book on how to survive getting your kid in college Ferguson : Admissions process is about helping one you ca n't live without , live without you No ironclad rules , but take advice from "  RodtheBod69 " with a grain of salt It 's chiefly a problem for the prosperous , he admits , but other income levels deal with it , too
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- China 's military is developing longer-range ballistic and anti-ship missiles that are "  shifting the balance of power in the region " and could help Beijing secure resources or settle territorial disputes , a report released by the Pentagon said Wednesday . U.S. and Chinese militaries need "  resumption of dialogue , " Adm. Timothy Keating told Congress . China also continues to build up short-range missiles and increase its "  coercive capabilities " against Taiwan . The report suggests such moves constitute an effort to pressure Taiwan into settling the cross-strait dispute in favor of China , though tensions between the two countries have receded over the past year . The report , called the "  Military Power of the People 's Republic of China , " is the Pentagon 's annual briefing to Congress on the status of the communist country 's military might . While China continues to proclaim that its military buildup is for defense purposes to protect its interests , the report says the country 's lack of transparency is worrisome and could lead to an unintended conflict . "  The limited transparency in China 's military and security affairs poses risks to stability by creating uncertainty and increasing the potential for misunderstanding and miscalculation , " according to the report . "  Much uncertainty surrounds China 's future course , particularly regarding how its expanding military power might be used . " The lack of transparency causes Washington "  to speculate to some degree on what their intentions are , " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told reporters at a Wednesday briefing . According to Adm. Timothy Keating , the head of the U.S. Pacific Command , some of that uncertainty is due to the cessation of talks between the Chinese and U.S. militaries . In March of 2008 , the United States and China installed a hot line between the two countries ' militaries . But there have been no military-to-military talks since November 2008 , when Washington announced it was selling weapons to Taiwan . "  We are looking for the resumption of that dialogue so we can engage in discussion with our colleagues in the People 's Republic of China and their Army , Navy and Air Force so we can have a sense of their way ahead , " Keating told the House Armed Services committee on Tuesday . "  We do n't have a clear idea of their broad strategic way ahead . " The Pentagon report comes after a recent incident in which Chinese ships , including a Chinese navy vessel , confronted an unarmed U.S. Navy surveillance ship in the South China Sea in international waters . The confrontation prompted the United States to move a destroyer ship to the area to protect the surveillance vessel . While the report does not discuss the incident , it notes the importance China puts on controlling its waterways and the surrounding territories because "  China 's economic and political power is contingent upon access to and use of the sea , and that a strong navy is required to safeguard such access . " The analysis also said that while much of China 's capability is more for regional disputes , it did send two destroyers and one supply ship off the coast of Africa to protect Chinese vessels from pirate attacks . That move was a sign of Chinese intent to expand its militaries to protect expanding economic and political interests around the world , according to a China analyst . "  The Chinese military is being told to develop capabilities to deal with Chinese national interests beyond the pure defense of Chinese territory , " said David Finklestein , the Director of China Studies for CNA , a nonprofit research group that does analysis for the U.S. military and other clients . "  China , with a global economy , now obviously has global political interests and clearly has expanding global security interests . " Though the Pentagon report concludes that "  China 's ability to sustain military power at a distance remains limited , " it does have a growing space program , nuclear weapon system and cyber warfare capabilities , "  the only aspects of China 's armed forces that , today , have the potential to be truly global , " the report explained . In citing China 's cyber warfare , the report notes that U.S. government computers were the target of "  intrusions that appear to have originated " from China , although they were not confirmed to be from the military .	Pentagon report : China 's missile development "  shifting balance of power in region " Beijing 's lack of transparency could lead to unintended conflict , report says Cessation of talks between nations ' militaries partly to blame , U.S. admiral says Report : Cyber warfare capability among the few areas of China 's "  truly global " reach
CNN  -- Birgit Fischer made her Olympic debut in Moscow at the age of 18 and was set to retire after the Sydney Games in 2000 . Fischer hopes to add to her 10 Olympic medals in Athens . But the German announced she was coming out of retirement in 2004 in time for the Athens Games , the aim of adding to her 10 medals -- already a canoeing record . Athens brought her a gold and silver medal . It was a different story in Sydney , however , after Fischer had entered the record books with victories in the 500 meters pairs and the 500 meters fours . "  No more competition , " she had said as she climbed out of the canoe after becoming the first woman in Olympic history to win gold 20 years apart and the fifth competitor to collect winner 's medals at five separate Games . "  Sometimes you just have to finish and it 's great to finish on a high . " But perhaps Fischer felt she is still owed a Games . As an 18-year-old in Moscow in 1980 , Fischer claimed gold in the individual event . But she missed the 1984 Games -- at a time when she was a world champion at singles , pairs and fours -- as East Germany joined the Soviet Union in boycotting Los Angeles . In Seoul in 1988 Fischer was beaten into second place in the singles final , but she shrugged off the defeat to win gold in the pairs and the fours . Unified team Fischer briefly retired after Seoul , but by 1992 she was back in competition as part of a unified German team . In Barcelona she regained the individual title she had previously won in 1980 and also collected a silver medal in the fours . Two more medals in Atlanta in 1996  a gold in the fours and a silver in the pairs  set Fischer up for her record-breaking efforts in Sydney . Fischer also won 27 world championship titles between 1979 and 1999 , yet in a sport that is rarely in the spotlight she remains modest about her achievements . "  The number of medals is simply not that important to me , " she said after Sydney . "  Most of the medals I have won have been in team events , so the medals are not just my medals but are earned by the rest of the team members as well . "	Olympic record : 8 gold medals , 4 silver medals The first woman in Olympic history to win gold 20 years apart Fischer won 27 world championship titles between 1979 and 1999 Canoeist was born February 25 , 1962 , in Brandenburg , Germany
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A police officer in Fullerton , California , whom an attorney accuses of brutality in the death of a homeless man this summer and two arrest cases last year , has been placed on paid leave , a police spokesman announced Friday . Sgt. Andrew Goodrich identified the officer as Kenton Hampton , but he declined to confirm whether Hampton is among six officers involved in the arrest of Kelly Thomas , a 37-year-old homeless man who died five days after allegedly being beaten by police this summer . That death is under investigation by the FBI and the Orange County District Attorney . But Hampton was involved in two incidents last year in which two men are accusing Hampton of brutality and false arrest , Goodrich told CNN . "  I ca n't comment as to the type of leave or the reason or the length , " Goodrich said of Hampton being placed on paid leave . In making the announcement Friday , Goodrich declined to state when the leave became effective . Hampton and his attorney could n't immediately be reached for comment Friday . Goodrich confirmed that Hampton was the officer involved in a new allegation of brutality made Friday by Edward Miguel Quinonez , 27 , of Anaheim , California , who is planning to file a lawsuit against Hampton for "  slamming " his head against a wall in a June 27 , 2010 , incident . His attorney , Garo Mardirossian , who 's also the lawyer in the two other alleged brutality cases , announced the plans in a press conference Friday . Fullerton police investigated a police misconduct complaint filed by Quinonez shortly after the arrest , Goodrich said . "  That complaint was investigated , and there was a disposition on the complaint , and I ca n't talk about the disposition , " Goodrich said . Quinonez 's case marked the third case of alleged brutality by the Fullerton police . Those three accusations emerged this summer in the wake of the death of Thomas , a homeless man who was diagnosed as a schizophrenic . Quinonez accused Hampton of assaulting him and falsely accusing him of being drunk in public , said Mardirossian . Coincidentally , Quinonez happened to be one of about 100 witnesses to the police struggle with Thomas and even saw Hampton 's involvement in that incident , Quinonez said . Quinonez was interviewed by prosecutors investigating the homeless man 's death , his attorney said . In the 2010 incident , the officer was writing a ticket to a motorist for bouncing his lowrider and displaying its hydraulics as Quinonez happened to be on the sidewalk , waiting outside a bar , Quinonez told reporters Friday . The officer told Quinonez not to interfere with the investigation , and Quinonez then responded : "  Get away from me because cops killed my dad , " who was shot to death by Riverside , California , police on September 1 , 2008 , Quinonez said . That remark was apparently interpreted by the officer as "  contempt of cops , " Mardirossian said . The Fullerton officer then arrested Quinonez and slammed his head against the wall , Quinonez said . A blood test later showed that Quinonez had no alcohol in his system at the time of the arrest , he and his attorney said . Quinonez filed a police misconduct complaint just days after the incident , but he said he did n't know if anything ever became of the complaint , though he made several follow-up phone calls . "  As it says on the side of the patrol car , they are there to serve and protect us , not harass us , " Quinonez said . "  He acted out of the heat of passion by throwing that charge at me , which was very unethical for him to have done , to take his personal issues out on me . "  He threw handcuffs on me and he slammed my head up against the wall , and he applied pressure to my head , which made my head hurt worse , " Quinonez said . The officer spoke in "  like a sarcastic tone when I asked him what I was going to jail for , and he laughed and said , ` drunk in public . ' He had to think about it . " The other two instances of alleged police brutality occurred after Quinonez 's complaint , he said . "  If they would have taken care of the matter when I filed the complaint , then this would n't have happened , " Quinonez told reporters , referring to the two other alleged instances of brutality . During the press conference , Quinonez was seated next to another alleged victim of police misconduct , Veth Mam , who is suing the Fullerton police for an incident that occurred four months after Quinonez 's experience . Added Mam : "  If  Fullerton police  would have taken action on  Quinonez 's  behalf , I probably would n't be in this mess , and Mr. Kelly Thomas would n't have passed away . " Mardirossian , who 's the attorney representing the alleged victims in all three instances , said the cases show "  a pattern " of police misconduct . "  We need to identify rogue cops and get them off the street . These few bad apples give the entire department a bad name , " he said . In the Thomas incident on July 5 , Quinonez happened to witness police "  beating on Kelly Thomas " as Quinonez was boarding his bicycle on a bus near the altercation , he said . Quinonez said he heard Thomas crying for his father , Ron , who also was at Friday 's press conference . As he witnessed the encounter between police and Kelly Thomas , Quinonez saw the same officer from his arrest "  walking up , and that 's when the whole beating process started " in the Thomas arrest , Quinonez said . The officer was also allegedly involved in a third case of suspected police brutality last year in which Mam , 31 , of Baldwin Park , California , has filed a civil lawsuit against Fullerton police , said Mardirossian . Mam 's altercation with Fullerton police officers was recorded on his iPhone and posted on YouTube . Mam was n't seriously injured , Mardirossian said . During the early morning hours of October 23 , 2010 , Mam was recording the arrest of a friend on his iPhone camera . Instead of documenting what Mam described as a case of excessive force , the 31-year-old factory worker was himself arrested and charged with assaulting a Fullerton police officer . Last month , Mam filed a civil lawsuit , claiming that Hampton and other officers falsely arrested him , conspired to violate his civil rights and committed perjury during his misdemeanor trial . Mam , who lives with his girlfriend in nearby El Monte , was acquitted of battery against an officer and resisting arrest last month . On Friday , police spokesman Goodrich confirmed that Hampton was one of the officers involved in Mam 's arrest . Fullerton acting Police Chief Kevin Hamilton has launched an internal affairs investigation into the incident , and police have said there is "  a strong possibility " they wrongly arrested Mam , a spokesman said . In the Thomas case , medical records made public this month by Madirossian show that Thomas died from brain injuries as a result of head trauma . The records were compiled by physicians at the University of California Irvine Medical Center while Thomas remained on life support after the violent struggle . "  By the time he got to the hospital he was already brain dead , " Mardirossian said earlier this month . Thomas was a diagnosed schizophrenic who was homeless at the time of the altercation , his attorney said . The medical records showed that Thomas suffered blunt head trauma with multiple broken bones in his face , and with rib fractures , according to Mardirossian . Thomas died five days after what the Orange County district attorney has called "  a violent and desperate struggle " with Fullerton police . Thomas was shocked multiple times near his chest cavity and on his back with a Taser stun gun , said Mardirossian . According to the medical records , Thomas also suffered nose and brain trauma , and smashed cheekbones . Mardirossian claimed that officers used their Taser guns to deliver some of the head and face blows . The examination also concluded that Thomas had no narcotics or prescription medications in his body , Mardirossian said . Several bystanders witnessed the encounter and others recorded portions of the beating on cellular phones , according to Mardirossian . According to the medical report , Thomas suffered severe internal bleeding . "  The medical evidence will show that all that blood is what he ended up choking on , " the attorney said . Thomas ' father , Ron , who once worked briefly as a law officer , has filed a claim against the city of Fullerton . The Orange County Coroner 's office has not determined the official cause of death , pending toxicological findings , officials said . The Fullerton police department has declined to comment about the medical reports . Since the Thomas incident , six officers allegedly involved have been placed on involuntary paid administrative leave . City officials have not released their names . Police Chief Michael Sellers has taken a paid medical leave , and two of the city 's five council members have called upon him to resign . Meanwhile , there are two external investigations into the death by the FBI and the Orange County district attorney 's office . The FBI is looking at possible civil rights violations . The Thomas incident began when police responded to reports that a man was trying to break into cars near a bus depot three blocks from City Hall . Following the beating , there was no evidence that vehicles were burglarized nor was Thomas in possession of any stolen property , according to Mardirossian . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	Officer Kenton Hampton is accused of brutality in three arrest cases , an attorney says Hampton is placed on paid leave , a police spokesman announces Friday The third allegation was made Friday by a 27-year-old man who says he was falsely arrested One of the three cases involves the death this summer of Kelly Thomas , a homeless man
CNN  -- A man whose financial management business is under investigation faked a life-or-death emergency in his private aircraft before secretly parachuting out and letting his plane crash in the Florida panhandle , authorities said Monday . Marcus Schrenker exited his small plane before it crashed , and investigators are looking for him , police say . The pilot , identified as Marcus Schrenker , 38 , later checked into a hotel in Alabama under a fake name and then put on a black cap and fled into woods , authorities in Alabama said , according to the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office in Milton , Florida . Authorities are searching for Schrenker . The manager of the airport in Indiana from which the six-seat Piper PA-46 took off Sunday said that no one else was on board at takeoff . The plane crashed Sunday night in a swampy , wooded area within 50 to 75 yards of some homes in East Milton , Florida , the sheriff 's office said . Watch more on the mysterious flight " An Indiana judge on Monday froze Schrenker 's assets at the request of investigators looking into his business dealings , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana secretary of state . Public documents list Schrenker as president of an Indianapolis agency called Heritage Wealth Management . Records also show Heritage Insurance Services at the same address . The address is listed in the telephone directory as the site of Icon Wealth Management . Those three companies are under investigation for possible securities violations , according to Gavin . A search warrant was served in connection with that investigation December 31 . The judge 's asset-freezing order , which applies to Schrenker 's wife and his three companies , is aimed at protecting investors , Gavin said . CNN 's attempts to reach a representative for Schrenker were unsuccessful . The phone number for his business was disconnected , and public records do not list his home phone number . Schrenker "  appears to have intentionally abandoned the plane after putting it on autopilot over the Birmingham , Alabama , area and parachuting to the ground " Sunday night , the sheriff 's office said in a news release . The plane crashed at 9:15 p.m. CT on Sunday in a swampy area of the Blackwater River in East Milton , authorities said . It 's unclear what time Schrenker made the earlier distress call . He told air traffic controllers that the window of his plane had imploded and he was bleeding profusely . That call came in when the aircraft was about 35 miles southwest of Birmingham . Controllers tried to tell the pilot to divert the flight to Pell City , Alabama , but he did not respond . The plane appeared to have been put on autopilot around 2,000 feet altitude , said Sgt. Scott Haines , a spokesman for the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office . The plane had been scheduled to land in Destin , Florida , authorities said . After the call came in , military aircraft were dispatched to intercept the plane . The jets spotted the Piper and deployed flares to illuminate the plane as it was flying and noticed that its door was open and the cockpit was dark , according to the Santa Rosa authorities . The jets continued to follow the plane until it crashed . Rescuers searched the area where the plane went down and began a search for the pilot . Meanwhile , Schrenker reportedly was more than 220 miles north of the crash site . The Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office got a call at 2:26 a.m. Monday from the Childersburg Police Department in Alabama saying that a white male , identified as Schrenker by his Indiana driver 's license , approached a Childersburg officer at a store . Schrenker , who was wet from the knees down and had no injuries , told the officer that he had been in a canoeing accident with friends , the Santa Rosa Sheriff 's Office said in a news release . Schrenker had goggles that looked like they were made for "  flying , " according to the release . The Childersburg police did n't know about the plane crash , so they took Schrenker to a nearby hotel , authorities said . When police found out about the crash , they went back to the hotel and entered Schrenker 's room . He was not there , they said . According to Santa Rosa authorities , Schrenker had checked in under a fake name , paid for his room in cash and "  put on a black toboggan cap and ran into the woods located next to the hotel . " CNN affiliate WVTM obtained surveillance video from the Harpersville Motel that WVTM says shows Schrenker checking in . It also shows Schrenker putting on a black cap and leaving , the station reported . Harpersville is 30 minutes east of Birmingham , and about 223 miles north of Milton , Florida , near where the wrecked plane was found . iReport.com : Are you near the crash scene ? Tell us what you 've seen Federal investigators were helping in the probe . "  The FBI is looking into the matter , along with other agencies , " said Paul Draymond with the Birmingham , Alabama , FBI office . Kathleen Bergen , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration , said a "  detailed review of radar data " and the fact that the plane had switched to autopilot suggested the pilot might have parachuted . The corporate plane does not have an ejection feature , said Steve Darlington , the airport manager of the Anderson Municipal Airport in Anderson , Indiana . Darlington described the pilot as "  accomplished " and said he owns "  a couple of airplanes " and flies regularly .	NEW : Indiana judge freeze 's pilot 's assets at investigators ' request Pilot faked emergency , jumped from plane before it crashed in Florida , police say Pilot 's business under investigation in Indiana , official says Sheriff 's office : Pilot Marcus Schrenker checked in to hotel under false name
CNN  -- The European Union has barred the import of certain seeds from Egypt after Egyptian fenugreek seeds were linked to deadly outbreaks of E. coli in France and Germany . European officials have also ordered that all seeds imported from one particular Egyptian exporter between 2009 and 2011 be withdrawn from sale , tested and destroyed . The move follows a European Food Safety Authority  EFSA  report released Tuesday that concludes one lot of fenugreek seeds imported from Egypt and used to produce sprouts is the "  mostly likely common link " between the outbreaks of E. coli in France and Germany . The import ban , which applies to all EU member states , extends to the end of October . The contamination of the fenugreek seeds "  probably occurred before the seeds left the importer , " the European Commission cites the EFSA report as saying . That contamination "  reflects a production or distribution process which allowed contamination with fecal material of human and/or animal origin . Where exactly this took place is still an open question , " the EFSA report said . The EFSA said it was continuing to investigate where the fenugreek seeds from the Egyptian importer may have gone and concludes that the number of EU states that have received "  parts of the suspected lots is much larger than previously known . " The EFSA report does not rule out the possibility that more than one lot of seeds may be implicated in the outbreaks . "  Tracing back the origins of the E. Coli 0104 contaminations in Germany and France has been a key priority for the EU from day one of the crisis , " Health and Consumer Commissioner John Dalli said in a statement . The commission would continue to monitor the situation closely and would take additional measures if needed , he said . The recent European outbreaks from a strain of E. coli have led to 48 deaths in Germany and one in Sweden , the EFSA said , with 4,178 cases reported in European Union states , Norway and Switzerland . The outbreak in Germany spread in May , and French authorities reported an outbreak in the Bordeaux region on June 24 , the EFSA said . The agency has offered safety advice for consumers . "  As seeds sold for sprouting are often sold as seed mixes and cross-contamination can not be excluded , it is important that consumers are advised not to grow sprouts for their own consumption , and also not to eat sprouts or sprouted seeds unless they have been cooked thoroughly , " its statement said . In 2010 , the EU imported from Egypt about 49,000 tons of the types of seeds affected by Tuesday 's decision , the European Commission said , with a total value of more than 56 million euros  $ 81 million  . Most seeds for sprouting imported by the EU come from India and China , it said .	NEW : The European Union is banning the import of seeds and beans for sprouting from Egypt It has also ordered the withdrawal from the market of all seeds from one exporter A total of 4,178 E. coli cases have been reported in European countries , with nearly 50 deaths Consumers are urged not to eat sprouts or sprouted seeds raw , or to grow their own sprouts
CNN  It is a city transformed , swollen in size but shrunken in scope , anxiously awaiting what comes next . On Kabul 's streets , you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America 's longest war . Outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day 's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill NATO depended upon : they speak English . Now however , their world has turned upon them . They were , each for a different reason -- each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , they say , meaning they can no longer get work with other government groups or NGOs here . The skill they once thrived off has left them isolated , and fearing reprisals . They sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the threats they face are visited upon them . "  My family is still living in the provinces , " one of the men tells me . "  I can not go there . I am living in a market , in one of the empty shops . " Another adds : "  My family , everybody , give up on me , they are nervous . " A third man -- all requested anonymity -- says : "  Right now I sleep here , on the street , in this mosque area . " "  We are in prison in Afghanistan , " a fourth says . The U.S. Embassy and NATO declined to comment for this story . EXCLUSIVE : The last Americans in Afghanistan Helicopters still buzz around the capital . Its population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here , even by the most conservative estimates , and the violence in the provinces means people swell it further still -- arriving in Kabul 's dusty , mountainous bowl of a city in order to avoid the fighting . Neighborhoods that were once massively over-priced cliques of foreigners living in "  poppy palaces " -- villas allegedly bought from profiteers of the opium trade -- are now empty . One road , forever pot-holed in the past decade , is now being covered over by Afghans who , it seems , are finally reclaiming that street . Even Chicken Street , the hackneyed pedestrian shopping road where new Western arrivals would buy carpets or local trinkets , is more or less deserted . One shopkeeper says it could be the embassy security warnings that are keeping people away now . It is the same for the restaurants here that used to brim with contractors and NGO workers . They are now empty , the sound of their heavy metal doors echoing across deserted tables . It is immeasurably different to three years ago when I lived there . Drive out east -- past the women in burqas who sit on road bumps , holding their children , hoping drivers will slow enough to throw them change -- and you see roads lined with the detritus of America 's war here . Huge lines of excavators , cherry-pickers , and forklift trucks sit idle . At times it seemed there was little America would n't do , or try , to meets its often fluid goals in the country . Yet today , the machines that could have once moved small mountains do little more than gather dust . EXCLUSIVE : Afghan woman forced to marry her rapist Further down the road too are more winners-turned-losers of the NATO presence here . Vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered . Trucks lined the roads and climbed up to the military bases . Now the bases are gone , and the trucks that once supplied millions sit still . Their bosses may have fled abroad with their winnings , yet the drivers have been left behind , stuck with vehicles that cost them $ 30,000 to buy -- and $ 1,000 a year just to keep on the road -- but that would fetch just a tenth of that price now . "  The contracts were with big businessmen and commanders who were giving us very little and made themselves very rich and are now living comfortably in Dubai , " one truck driver tells us . Yet still the wedding palaces proliferate . Along one stretch of road their endless , multiplying lights throb . Each night the houses seem packed -- the commitment to the future still is popular here , despite the uncertainty -- even if the lights that decorate them seem more and more like a symbol of leaving . One set actually replicates the shape of an expensive hotel in Dubai . The city 's lights do shine staggeringly and often constantly -- something the Taliban never achieved during their rule here . NATO 's efforts to keep them on are reported to have involved diesel power stations that cost billions but were barely switched on . The question many surely ask here -- as the last American troops prepare to retreat inside the U.S. Embassy by the end of next year -- is how much longer the lights will continue to glow . READ MORE : Nick Paton Walsh answers your questions about Afghanistan	Kabul faces uncertain future as NATO presence -- and the money that came with it -- fades away Interpreters are out of work , NATO trucks sit idle on roads , restaurants are empty
CNN  -- President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt is on a mission -- to return his country to its rightful place as the "  indispensable " Arab state after what he saw as the dangerous chaos of Muslim Brotherhood rule under his predecessor , Mohamed Morsy . He also is determined to resist the spread of Islamist militancy , now entrenched in Sinai and spilling into Egypt from Libya . Since leading the ouster of Morsy a year ago , el-Sisi has hounded the Muslim Brotherhood underground ; hundreds of its members have been arrested and many sentenced to death . Morsy himself languishes in jail and is on trial for inciting murder and other offenses . El-Sisi is not the first Egyptian leader to fear Islamist militancy . In fact all but Morsy have suppressed it and one -- Anwar Sadat -- ultimately was its victim . And not coincidentally all but Morsy -- stretching back to Gamal Abdel Nasser -- were military men before becoming President . These two imperatives -- a sense of Egypt 's historic role and the traditional animosity of the Egyptian military toward Islamist radicalism -- have propelled Egypt to take a central role in the on-off cease-fire talks to end the latest Gaza conflict . It helps that Egypt 's intelligence service has deep experience of dealing with the Palestinian factions and Israel . Egypt 's central role also is dictated by geography . It is the only Arab state to share a border with Gaza . If that border is to be reopened , Egypt will have to agree to any international monitoring mission to prevent banned goods -- the sort that would allow Hamas to re-arm -- from entering Gaza . But el-Sisi 's government does not see itself as an "  honest broker " between Israel and Hamas . El-Sisi shares the Israelis ' loathing of Hamas , which itself sprang from the Muslim Brotherhood back in 1987 and which was recently labeled a terrorist organization by an Egyptian court . Egypt and Israel vs. Hamas The Egyptian government is not directly negotiating with Hamas , but with a Palestinian delegation of which Hamas and Islamic Jihad are a small part . Any concessions won by the Palestinians will be claimed by the Palestinian Authority as much as Hamas . While Morsy embraced Hamas and warned Israel that it would "  pay a heavy price if it continues its aggression , " Egypt and Israel are now in lockstep against a shared adversary . The last thing el-Sisi wants is any sort of Hamas victory , imagined or otherwise , that would appeal to the Arab street . One Israeli minister described the close cooperation with Cairo as "  an odd but very welcome moment " after the hostility of the Morsy government . Who 's who in Hamas ? Perhaps that is why the first Egyptian cease-fire proposal was so readily accepted by Israel . In the words of one diplomat in the region , "  The Israelis knew Hamas would reject it , so they could accept it and look good , knowing that in a few hours they 'd be able to resume the demilitarization of Gaza . " El-Sisi wants to see Gaza demilitarized as much as Israel does , not just because of Hamas but because of other actors there such as Islamic Jihad . Egypt faces a host of its own security problems that would only be aggravated by a strong militant presence in Gaza . Jihadist cells -- which Cairo claims have been aided by Hamas -- are now entrenched in the Sinai , a vast area that borders Gaza and whose lawlessness has challenged successive Egyptian governments . Which Mideast power brokers support Hamas ? Islamist militant groups are also sprouting up along the western border with Libya . Last month , more than 20 Egyptian soldiers were killed when gunmen crossed the desert border and attacked a checkpoint at Wadi el-Gedid . El-Sisi responded by promising that "  terrorism will be uprooted from every part of Egypt . " But the attacks have continued . A gun battle Tuesday between security forces and suspected militants in the region of Matruh on the Mediterranean left nine dead , according to the Egyptian Interior Ministry . El-Sisi blames the Muslim Brotherhood for opening Egypt to an influx of jihadists . Despite its obvious motivations , Egyptian mediation is not without risk . CNN Exclusive : Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader Goal of independent Palestine ingrained The government 's control of local media may have muffled sympathetic coverage of Gaza 's plight and Hamas ' resistance to Israel . One talk-show host , Mazhar Shahin , declared the Egyptian people were "  not ready to sacrifice even a single hair from the eyebrow " in defense of Hamas . But Egyptians see the pan-Arab news channels , they see the destruction and suffering in Gaza , and even if there are no polls to prove it , they likely expect their government to lead the way in relieving it . For decades , pursuing the goal of an independent Palestine has been ingrained in Egypt 's foreign policy . El-Sisi himself subscribes to that goal -- but with little urgency . He said last Saturday : "  We have a real opportunity to end this conflict for once and for all but we must give the Palestinian people real hope in a Palestinian state and its capital Eastern Jerusalem . " Then he added as a caveat : "  It might sound too early to talk about this but it must be our final goal . " Even so , Egypt can not assume that the Palestinian Authority  PA  will be pliable negotiators . PA President Mahmoud Abbas is all too aware of the support in the West Bank for Hamas , whose flags have been hoisted by the hundreds at recent protests . The longer the conflict went on , the more the PA tilted toward Hamas ' demands -- and especially its insistence on the immediate lifting of the blockade of Gaza as the price for a permanent cease-fire . What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? The only game in town Egyptian diplomacy will be tested to the full in reconciling Israel 's insistence on the demilitarization of Gaza as the first step and the Palestinians ' demand that borders -- land and maritime -- be reopened immediately and demilitarization form part of later negotiations . What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? But ultimately Hamas knows -- as do the other Palestinian factions -- that Egypt 's is the only game in town . Hamas wo n't negotiate with the Israelis directly  the feeling is mutual  . Nor will the Israelis have anything to do with Hamas ' chief backers -- Qatar and Turkey . Israel wants el-Sisi to succeed . He 's the sort of Egyptian leader with whom it can do business . And he 's now a critical figure in an alliance that includes the Gulf monarchies  Qatar excepted  and the United States in seeking to stem the tide of Islamist militancy . But Israeli officials -- and many other observers -- believe there is another reason that el-Sisi aims to make himself the "  indispensable " partner : to use that role to win much-needed international aid and credit for an economy on life-support . El-Sisi inherited a mess , with fuel subsidies alone costing the state nearly $ 20 billion a year , tourism collapsing and foreign exchange reserves dwindling . In overthrowing the Muslim Brotherhood , he quickly won financial backing from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait , worth $ 12 billion according to some estimates . IMF in the future ? If the el-Sisi government can introduce much-needed reforms to cut bureaucracy and begin to reduce subsidies , it may be able to negotiate the $ 4.8 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund that the Morsy government failed to secure . But it will need help fast : a sharp reduction in fuel subsidies last month generated scattered street protests . And yet subsidies still eat up one-third of the national budget , while education consumes less than six per cent . Exactly a year ago , el-Sisi gave an interview to the Washington Post , just after ousting Morsy . "  The pains and suffering of the people are too many . A lot of people do n't know about the suffering . I am the most aware of the size of the problems in Egypt , " he told the Post 's Lally Weymouth . "  That is why I am asking : where is your support ? The title of the article should be ` Hey America : Where is your support for Egypt ? ' " He may now feel it is more deserved than ever . 3,300 rockets , 1,900 lives -- but is Mideast peace as far away as ever ? Why are so many civilians dying in Hamas-Israel war ? Has Gaza conflict brought new low in U.S.-Israel relationship ?	Egypt takes a central role in the cease-fire talks to end the latest Gaza conflict Egypt 's President is determined to resist the spread of Islamist militancy Egyptian mediation is not without risks Egyptian diplomacy will be tested reconciling Israel 's and the Palestinians ' demands
CNN  -- After dodging sharks and jellyfish during her swim from Cuba to Florida , Diana Nyad is now dealing with a different challenge : tough questions from her fellow marathon swimmers about the legitimacy of her achievement . In the days since Nyad walked out of the water last week at Key West after swimming 110 miles , a stream of questions has come at her . Could her speed have nearly doubled at one point ? Did any of her team members touch her or support her ? How could she have gone for hours without food or water ? The questions are significant because the answers could determine whether Nyad is officially affirmed as the first person to have completed the Cuba-Florida swim unassisted and without a shark cage . Five thrill-seeking women breaking world records During a conference call with more than a dozen of her peers Tuesday , Nyad was adamant that her swim was by the book . "  I swam , " she said . "  We made it , our team , from the rocks of Cuba to the beach of Florida , in squeaky clean , ethical fashion . " She said she never held onto a boat or another person "  for any kind of flotation or support . " Her navigator , John Bartlett , described how the team picked up a current that had them moving nearly four miles an hour for several hours on the second day of the nearly 53-hour journey . That 's how and when her speed nearly doubled , he said . Diana Nyad 's jellyfish-proof face mask ` No handlers ' Asked about reports she had gone for hours without food or water , Nyad said she never went more than 90 minutes . Getting into the suit that protected her against potentially deadly box jellyfish required duct taping her booties and gloves . That meant she was touched , she said , but never supported . There were "  no handlers grabbing my ankles , " Nyad said . "  I was on my own steam entirely , but I was touched . I agree with it . " If the group of her swimming peers determines that the suit and the touching mean her swim was assisted , that could nullify her record claim . One marathon swimmer who was on the call was unimpressed . "  She acknowledged that her crew touched her when she was putting on the jellyfish suit , " said Evan Morrison , a co-founder of Marathon Swimmers Forum . "  And I know she feels that was necessary , but I personally feel that puts in the category of an assisted swim . " Now , Nyad has to wait to see if the group of her peers agrees with Morrison , or with her . Nyad shows baby boomers so ` not over '	Diana Nyad completed the 110-mile swim from Cuba to Florida last week She says she is the first person to do it unassisted and without a shark cage But questions have been raised about aspects of her swim She insists she did it "  in squeaky clean , ethical fashion "
CNN  -- The mother of a woman who burst into a Tripoli hotel to tell journalists that she had been beaten and raped by troops loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi said Monday that her daughter is still being held . Her claim contradicts an earlier statement from the government , which has said that Eman al-Obeidy was released and is at home with her family . "  Yesterday , late at night at 3 a.m. , they called me from Bab al Aziziya , " Gadhafi 's compound in Tripoli , al-Obeidy 's mother told Al-Jazeera television Monday . "  And they told me : Make your daughter Eman change her statement ... and we will release her immediately and whatever you ask for you will get , whether money , or a new apartment , or guaranteeing financial security for you and your children . But just tell Eman to change her statement . " A government spokesman said Sunday that al-Obeidy had been released and was with her family . Spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said then that al-Obeidy and her family were asked if they wanted to be interviewed by "  one or two , preferably female , reporters to verify that she 's fine , she 's healthy , she 's free with her family . " He refused to take further questions on the issue , repeatedly stating that Libyan society is "  very conservative . " A group of lawyers and human rights activists tried to approach Al-Obeidy 's sister 's house Monday , but were blocked by security forces . The sister 's mobile phone has apparently been turned off , a source with the opposition in Tripoli told CNN , and no one has seen her since the incident at the hotel . The family of al-Obeidy said she is a lawyer -- and not a prostitute or mentally ill as Libyan government officials initially said after the incident . The government has since changed its story , saying she is sane and pursuing a criminal case . Al-Obeidy 's father told Al-Jazeera that his daughter "  has her full mental capabilities and she is a graduate of law school and a lawyer and she is pursuing higher education in Tripoli . And she was kidnapped by Gadhafi 's tyrannical forces . " "  I am not ashamed of my daughter , " al-Obeidy 's mother , who spoke from an undisclosed location in Libya , told the network . "  I am proud of her because she has broken the barrier . She broke the barrier that no man can break . And those dogs there with him , Moammar ,  are  the criminals ! " She urged the youth of Libya to take action . Al-Obeidy burst into a Tripoli hotel as international journalists were having breakfast Saturday morning . Her face was bruised , as were her legs . She showed reporters blood on her right inner thigh . Speaking in English , she said she was from the rebel stronghold of Benghazi and had been held against her will for two days and raped by 15 men . Though her injuries appeared consistent with what she said , CNN could not independently verify al-Obeidy 's story . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me , " she said . "  My honor was violated by them . " Al-Obeidy displayed what appeared to be visible rope burns on her wrists and ankles . Government officials tried to stifle her , but she persisted . Security forces moved to subdue her , and even a member of the hotel 's kitchen staff drew a knife . "  Traitor ! " he shouted . Another staffer tried to throw a dark tablecloth over her head . One government official , who was there to facilitate access for journalists , pulled a pistol from his belt . Others scuffled with reporters and wrestled them to the ground in an attempt to take away their equipment . Some journalists were beaten and kicked . CNN 's camera was confiscated and deliberately smashed beyond repair . As security forces subdued the screaming woman and dragged her away , al-Obeidy warned , "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it . " CNN 's Nic Robertson and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	The Libyan government says Eman al-Obeidy was released Woman 's family says they were offered money to convince her to change her story The woman is a lawyer , parents say ; government called her mentally ill Al-Obeidy was kidnapped by Gadhafi forces , father says
Peppermint oil , soluble fiber , and antispasmodic drugs can indeed help people with irritable bowel syndrome , according to an analysis of 25 years of research on the condition , which is characterized by bouts of diarrhea and constipation . "  It was n't appreciated how much of an impact -LSB- IBS -RSB- can have on a patient 's quality of life , " says one researcher . About 10 to 15 percent of people in North America have IBS , and it 's twice as common in women . However , only about one-third of people with the intestinal disorder seek treatment . The exact cause of IBS remains unknown , and that lack of knowledge has led to the use of a variety of treatments , including fiber supplements , probiotics , antidepressants , behavioral-based therapies , psychotherapy , food modification , acupuncture , and laxatives . However , many treatments are controversial because study results have been mixed . Newer and more expensive medications have been introduced to the public , but some were ineffective or withdrawn from the market due to side effects . The recent study sheds light on the cheap and readily available treatments that can help patients , says study coauthor Eamonn M. Quigley , M.D. , a professor of medicine and physiology at University College Cork in Ireland . "  Medical science has tended to ignore IBS ; it was n't appreciated how much of an impact it can have on a patient 's quality of life , " he says . Health.com : Is that belly ache in your head ? In the new analysis , researchers systematically reviewed 38 studies from the last 25 years ; more than 2,500 volunteers were involved . That research compared therapies -- all relatively cheap , safe , and readily available -- with a placebo or with no treatment at all . The team looked at three treatments -- soluble fiber , peppermint oil , and antispasmodics , which are drugs that relax the smooth muscle in the gut and relieve cramping -- and found that they were all more effective than a placebo , according to the report in the British Medical Journal . But not all fiber is the same . The soluble fiber ispaghula husk , which is also known as psyllium and found in some bulk laxatives , significantly reduced symptoms of IBS , particularly constipation ; insoluble fiber , such as bran , did not relieve symptoms . Several antispasmodic drugs helped prevent IBS symptoms , particularly diarrhea . The most effective one was hyoscine , which is sold without a prescription in the United States . Although peppermint oil was found to be the most effective of the three therapies , more data are needed , cautions Quigley . The peppermint-oil therapy was analyzed in only four trials involving 392 patients . Because past research has been mixed , doctors ' treatment guidelines mention the remedies , but do n't necessarily give them a ringing endorsement , says author Alex Ford , M.D. , a registrar of gastroenterology at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario . "  I suspect that filters down to the practitioners who do n't believe they work , so they try something that 's newer or a bit sexier , " Dr. Ford says . "  The problem with IBS is that it 's a chronic medical condition and no drug has been shown to alter its natural history . " Health.com : Should I be tested for IBS ? The study results are not surprising , says Joanne A.P. Wilson , M.D. , a professor of medicine in the gastroenterology department at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina . Dr. Wilson adds that such treatments are best for patients with mild or moderate IBS . However , in her practice , she 's found that prescription medications need to be used for severe cases that do n't respond to these treatments . Health.com : Belly flab doubles mortality risk Prescription drugs that have been used to treat IBS include Amitiza , a drug for chronic constipation ; Zelnorm , which was pulled from the market in 2007 ; and Lotronex , which was removed from the market because of potentially life-threatening side effects  although exceptions are now made for women with severe , diarrhea-prominent IBS who do n't respond to other treatments  . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	An estimated 10 to 15 percent of people in North America have IBS The exact cause of IBS remains unknown , which has hampered treatment Study analysis : Peppermint oil , soluble fiber , and antispasmodic drugs all work
United Nations  CNN  -- The Sri Lankan government cried foul Tuesday after a U.N. panel said it has found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country 's civil war . A government spokesman called the panel 's report "  unacceptable , " while Sri Lanka 's External Affairs Ministry said the report is "  fundamentally flawed " and based on "  patently biased material . " The Tamil National Alliance , the main Tamil opposition party in parliament , once dubbed as a "  proxy " to Tamil Tiger rebels during the conflict , said it concurs with the findings . In the U.N. report released Monday , the three-member panel recommends the government of Sri Lanka immediately conduct an investigation into the alleged violations of international law and take other measures to "  advance accountability . " In a statement , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesman said Ban "  sincerely hopes that this advisory report will make a contribution to full accountability and justice so that the Sri Lankan government and people will be able to proceed towards national reconciliation and peace . " Human rights groups have already alleged that both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels violated humanitarian laws and that thousands of civilians were killed during the war , which ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory . The rebels had fought a 26-year bloody separatist war that left thousands dead and large numbers of others internally displaced , according to the United Nations . The U.N. panel started investigating in September 2010 and submitted its report April 12 , the United Nations said . The decision to release the report now was made in order to be transparent and serve the public interest , Ban 's spokesman said . Sri Lanka 's government "  strongly rejected " the report by what it called an "  illegal advisory committee . " In a response posted last week on the country 's official government news portal , it called the report "  biased , baseless and unilateral . " The report focuses on the final phase of the military campaign to defeat the rebels , a phase that has been shrouded in controversy in part because local and international media were barred from access to the battle zones . Sri Lanka 's government and the rebels have denied war crimes allegations . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has also said "  not one civilian was shot dead " by government troops . The panel , however , said its findings reveal "  a very different version " of events than that maintained by the government . It said it found "  credible allegations , which if proven , indicate that a wide range of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international humanitarian rights law was committed both by the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE  rebels  , some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . " In the war 's final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni , where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . The report said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left large numbers of civilians dead . Some of the shelling happened in no-fire zones where the government had encouraged civilians to congregate , the report said . Government forces also shelled a U.N. hub , food distribution lines and near ships belonging to the International Committee of the Red Cross that were picking up the wounded and their relatives from beaches , the report said . The government also shelled hospitals on the front lines , some of them repeatedly , the report said . "  Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling , " it said . While government forces screened civilians for suspected rebels , some civilians were summarily executed and some of the women may have been raped , the report said . Others disappeared , and some of those detained in camps were tortured , it added . The rebels , meanwhile , used civilians as hostages or human shields during the fighting , the report found . Tamil Tiger rebels also used forced recruitment -- including of children as young as 14 -- and forced civilians to dig trenches and other military positions , blurring the distinction between combatants and civilians and exposing the latter to further harm , it said . Starting in February 2009 , the rebels also started "  point-blank shooting of civilians " who tried to flee the conflict zone , the report found . "  I pray to God every day to give strength and courage to the secretary general of the United Nations , for him to do the right thing for the sake of tens of thousands of men and women , young and old , able and disable ,  who  died in vain or have disappeared without trace , " Father S.J. Emmanuel , head of the Global Tamil Forum , said from London . "  In my opinion for any meaningful and sustainable reconciliation to succeed , accountability for the past is mandatory . " Sri Lanka 's president has already appointed a Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission , saying it would be sufficient to investigate allegations of war crimes , but the U.N. panel called the commission "  deeply flawed " and ineffective . "  The government 's notion of accountability is not in accordance with international standards , " the panel said . Instead , the panel recommended the government start "  genuine investigations " into the allegations . It also said Sri Lanka should take other immediate measures including facilitating the recovery and return of human remains to their families ; provide death certificates for the dead and missing ; release all displaced people and facilitate their return ; and disclose the fate and location of people reported to have been "  forcibly disappeared . " For suspected rebels , the panel said , the government should publish the names of all those detained ; allow detainees regular access to family members and legal counsel ; and either charge or release detainees . The United Nations itself did not escape some criticism . The panel recommended a review of U.N. actions during and after the war , looking at how it implemented humanitarian and protection mandates . Ban 's spokesman said he would "  respond positively " to that recommendation . Journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	The opposition party says it concurs with the findings The UN panel says both the government and rebels likely committed war crimes It recommends an immediate Sri Lankan investigation The report focuses on the final stages of the war , which ended in May 2009
Facing renewed controversy about the safety of energy drinks , Monster Energy Corp. has decided to market its products as beverages instead of dietary supplements . The company recently joined the American Beverage Association , which recommended it sell its products as a food , according to spokeswoman Tammy Taylor . Monster Energy 's products will not change , but in the coming months its labels will include the caffeine content in each can . "  Monster has a commitment to being responsible and wants to be transparent about the ingredients in their products , " Taylor said in an e-mail . Energy drinks have been under intense scrutiny lately . Last year the parents of a 14-year-old girl filed a lawsuit against Monster after their daughter died following the consumption of two Monster Energy beverages that contained a combined 480 milligrams of caffeine . That 's the equivalent of drinking about 20 8-ounce cans of soda . In November , the Food and Drug Administration began investigating 13 deaths that were preliminarily linked to the dietary supplement 5-hour Energy . The deaths had been reported to the FDA as "  adverse events , " which does not mean the product is responsible for or that it contributed to any health issue . The manufacturer , packer or distributor of a dietary supplement is required to notify the FDA of any adverse events linked to its product , according to agency spokeswoman Tamara Ward . That requirement does not apply to products sold as beverages or food . The FDA has received 20 adverse event reports about Monster products ; five are linked to a death . Again , these reports do not represent any conclusion by the FDA about whether the product is responsible for a health problem , Ward said in an e-mail . "  When important information is missing from a report , it is difficult for FDA to fully evaluate whether the product caused the adverse event or simply coincided with it . " This week , 18 public health experts sent a letter to the FDA about the safety of energy drinks . The scientists have concluded there is not enough evidence to show that high levels of caffeine in energy drinks are safe . "  To the contrary , the best available scientific evidence demonstrates a robust correlation between the caffeine levels in energy drinks and adverse health and safety consequences , particularly among children , adolescents , " they wrote . Monster does not recommend children , pregnant women or those sensitive to caffeine consume its beverages , Taylor said . "  That recommendation is on the labels of all Monster products . " Caffeine stimulates your central nervous system , according to the FDA . It can increase your heart rate , raise your blood pressure and cause irregular heart rhythms . The FDA regulates caffeine in sodas at a level of .02 % , or 200 parts per million  there is no current FDA caffeine limit for energy drinks  . That translates to about 50 milligrams in an 8-ounce can . A 2012 Consumer Reports analysis found about 90 milligrams of caffeine in an 8-ounce can of Monster Energy , and the drink comes in sizes up to 24 ounces . To compare , a 16-ounce Starbucks Grande has 330 milligrams , according to Consumer Reports . The scientists say caffeine in energy drinks differs from that in coffee because the caffeine in coffee occurs naturally , instead of being added by a manufacturer .  Food additives are subject to regulation by the FDA . The FDA is reviewing current scientific studies on the safety of energy drinks , Ward said , and is monitoring new ingredients being added to these products . So should consumers stay away from energy drinks , or supplements ? The FDA has n't made any recommendations but cautions people to consult with their doctors to make sure they do n't have an underlying medical condition that too much caffeine could affect .	Monster Energy drinks will no longer be sold as dietary supplements Drink labels will now include the amount of caffeine in each can Monster will no longer be required to submit reports of "  adverse events " to the FDA
CNN  -- Jane Jeong Trenka , adopted from Korea at the age of six months in 1972 , never felt she belonged growing up in a rural Minnesota town . But decades later the 40-year-old discovered her adoption began with a lie . While trying to apply for a visa in 2006 , Trenka was told her legal birthday did n't match birth papers supplied by her orphanage . After an investigation , Trenka unraveled the mystery : an adoption agency in Korea had given her a fake identity to make her more attractive for adoption , she said . "  I could see where they lied to get me adopted , " said Trenka . Her family history and physical description was rewritten to hide the fact that she was in poor health , having been abused by her father . And the agency had lied to Trenka 's Korean mother , saying she would be sent to a pair of wealthy Dutch lawyers . South Korea was a pioneer on international adoptions . In the aftermath of World War II and Korean War , more than 200,000 children were sent to live with families abroad , according to the Korean Ministry of Health and Welfare . As recently as 2005 , South Korea was the fourth largest provider of children to U.S. families , sending more than 1,600 orphans that year , according to the U.S. State Department . But Trenka , who repatriated to South Korea in 2008 , is part of a vanguard of American adoptees who have led the fight to stop overseas adoptions from Korea and change the cultural stigma tied to unwed mothers . "  The best option is always for a child to be parented by his or her birth parent , " she said . "  Then domestic adoption , and only then intercountry adoption . " "  If you take a look at what 's going on in  Korean  adoption reform , all of it is led by adoptees , " said Kevin Haebeom Vollmers , a 36-year old Korean adoptee in Minnesota and publisher of Gazillion Voices , an online magazine on adoption issues . "  We 've been disenfranchised for so long , and we 're finally writing our own history , for the first time , on our own terms . " In 2012 , the Korean National Assembly implemented the Special Adoption Law , crafted by Trenka with a coalition of adoptee activists and allies . The law explicitly discourages sending children abroad . Under the law , birth mothers must nurse babies for seven days before the child can be considered for adoption . If a mother chooses adoption , her consent must be verified and her child 's birth registered . Finally , a mother may choose to revoke the adoption up to six months after her application . "  It 's a paradigm shift , " Trenka said . "  We 're checking to make sure things are done ethically and properly . In my generation , people did things with blindly , deadly , and unethical speed . " Even before the new law took effect , the number of children being adopted abroad from South Korea has been in decline . Only 621 South Korean children were adopted by U.S. families in 2012 , compared to nearly 1,800 in 2002 , according to the U.S. State Department . ` Ungrateful ' Not all adoptees are cheering the reform . Steve Choi Morrison , 57 , is a defender of intercountry adoption and the founder of the Mission to Promote Adoption in Korea  MPAK  . "  God came down to adopt human beings as his own children , even when we did not deserve it , " he said . "  I believe it is our human duty , that if we have more than people from other nations -- then we should share . " Born in the aftermath of the Korean War and orphaned at age 5 , Morrison spent his early childhood wandering streets and sleeping under bridges , he said . After moving to an orphanage , he was finally adopted at age 14 to a Christian family in Utah . "  They did n't have to adopt me , but they did , " he said . "  I really , really love them for what they did . " He opposes the new Korean law 's requirement for mothers to register their children 's birth before adoption , arguing that it counters cultural norms . "  In Korean culture , face-saving is very important , " he said . "  Mothers are afraid the birth record will later show up , and that husbands will not marry them later . If you force birth mothers to register for adoption , they 're just going to abandon their children . " Korean adoption activist Kim Stoker , 40 , disagrees . Morrison 's criticism is based on "  incorrect information , " said Stoker , who was adopted as an infant in 1973 and returned to live permanently in South Korea in 1995 . "  After a child is placed in a family , that child will be removed from the birth mother 's registry . " Stoker rejects the idea that the law is not suitable for Korean culture . "  There 's the idea that Korean culture , as large as it is , and as vast as it is , is somehow static . That is not true . I 've lived in the country since 1995 , and there 's been tremendous cultural change . " Fight for single-mother rights Korean returnee activists are now fighting to improve government support for single women who have children . "  Mothers are mothers , " she said . "  If you give them a real chance , most will want to parent their children . Who is the parent should not be a contest of who has the most stuff . " Stoker believes South Korea 's adoption reform movement will set an example for other countries . "  We 're the first generation of international adoptees that are telling our own stories , " she said . "  A lot of the adoptees leaving China , for example , are going to look at our model to see what 's important . " But Jane Trenka said she 's not ready to celebrate . Single mother welfare remains lacking and adoption agencies as well as groups like Steve Morrison 's MPAK are fighting to overturn the Special Adoption Law . "  The Koreans have a saying , after a mountain , there 's another mountain , " she said with a sigh .	Fight to end adoptions from South Korea being led by U.S.-Korean adoptees South Korea pioneered international adoptions in the wake of the Korean War As recently as 2005 , South Korea was among the top nations for sending orphans abroad U.S. adoptees have returned to Korea to try to improve rights for single mothers
CNN  NBC is upping its live musical game . The network on Monday announced that "  The Wiz " will be its next live musical performance -- with Cirque du Soleil boarding the project with plans to bring the show to Broadway in 2016 . NBC 's "  The Wiz , " set for Thursday , Dec. 3 , will again be executive produced by Sound of Music and Peter Pan duo Craig Zadan and Neil Meron , with Tony-winning director Kenny Leon attached to direct both the live event as well as the Broadway revival in 2016-17 . Tony winner and Broadway icon Harvey Fierstein will contribute new material to the original book by William F. Brown and work alongside Zadan , Meron and Leon . Leon won a 2014 Tony Award for directing "  A Raisin in the Sun , " and earned a nomination for "  Fences . " Fierstein , as a writer , won Tonys for "  La Cage Aux Folles " and "  Torch Song Trilogy . " He 's also written books for musical hits including "  Kinky Boots " and "  Newsies . " As an actor , he 's won Tonys for best actor in a musical  "  Hairspray "  and best actor in a play  "  Torch Song "  . "  We love this yearly tradition and we 're more excited than ever to not only bring another Broadway musical to America 's living rooms , but also see it land on Broadway as well , " NBC Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt said . "  It 's a natural next step for our live musical events , and we 're so pleased to be in business with this award-winning creative team and Scott Zeiger , president and managing director of Cirque du Soleil 's new theatrical division . Cirque 's incredible imagination will help bring the fantasy world of Oz vividly to life and give this great show a modern spin on the age-old story we all love . " Broadway musicals that have sung their way to the big screen Zadan and Meron will reunite with Leon , with whom they worked on "  Steel Magnolias " and "  A Raisin in the Sun . " Universal Television will produce . Casting for both the NBC telecast and Cirque 's Broadway production will be announced at a later date . "  The Wiz " is adapted from L. Frank Baum 's "  The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , " with a book by Brown and music and lyrics by Charlie Smalls . The production opened on Broadway in 1975 at the Majestic Theatre and won seven Tonys , including best musical . It ran for four years . TV ratings : ` Peter Pan Live ! ' falls from ` Sound of Music ' "  The Wiz " is a retelling of "  Oz " in an African-American/multicultural context . It was adapted as a film in 1978 starring Diana Ross , Michael Jackson , Lena Horne and Richard Pryor . It centers on Dorothy , a young woman from Kansas , who is swept up in a tornado and relocated to a fantasy world inhabited by munchkins , good and bad witches , and flying monkeys . She eventually takes a path down a yellow brick road to find a wizard who can help her go home . Along the way , she meets a scarecrow , tin man and cowardly lion , who all learn to help one another . NBC chief tackles Bill Cosby , live musicals and comedy woes For NBC , "  The Wiz " combines two of TV 's biggest trends : live programming and the growing appetite for diversity -- both in terms of casting and programming that best reflect society today . It comes as networks continue to look to live programming like sporting events and awards shows in a bid to break through the clutter in a crowded DVR landscape . In terms of diversity , the success of Fox 's hip-hop drama "  Empire " and other scripted entries including "  Black-ish " as well as "  Fresh Off the Boat , " "  Cristela , " "  Scandal " and "  How to Get Away With Murder " have prompted a crush of diverse castings again this pilot season . "  The Wiz " was one of two productions NBC had been eyeing  alongside "  A Few Good Men " and "  Music Man "  . Greenblatt confirmed in January that he had optioned both properties . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	NBC following up "  Sound of Music " and "  Peter Pan " with "  The Wiz " in December After airing on live TV , the musical will return to Broadway "  The Wiz " is a retelling of "  The Wizard of Oz " in a multicultural context
CNN  -- The alleged "  Barefoot Bandit " entered a not guilty plea during a federal court appearance Thursday , but a lawyer representing him said attorneys were working on the details of a plea agreement . Colton Harris-Moore gained notoriety and earned his nickname for allegedly leading police on a two-year manhunt while eluding capture in stolen boats , cars and planes -- usually while barefoot . In May , a federal judge added bank burglary to an indictment that contains five other federal charges stemming from Harris-Moore 's dramatic July 2010 capture in the Bahamas . Four of the charges are punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . His attorney , John Henry Browne , told reporters a draft of a plea agreement could be finished by the end of the day Thursday . Negotiations for a restitution amount are still under way , he said , adding that the amount will likely be about $ 1.3 million . Browne stressed that his 20-year-old client wants any money generated from likely book or movie deals to go to the victims . "  There 's a lot of interest , there 's active negotiations , " Browne said . "  He really does n't want publicity , but regardless of whether Colton cooperates or not , there is going to be a movie made about  him  , there will be other books written about him . That 's going to happen no matter what . " Harris-Moore limped into court Thursday , but Browne noted that his client was smiling and joking . Browne said Harris-Moore is in "  segregation " because officials are concerned about how he was injured . Browne attributed the limp to an injury Harris-Moore sustained during a volleyball game . As the "  Barefoot Bandit , " Harris-Moore garnered a loyal and outspoken fan base on Facebook -- at one point amassing more than 50,000 fans . He was arrested in July 2010 after allegedly crashing a stolen plane in the Bahamas and then trying to escape on a stolen boat . He 'd been on the run from police since escaping from a Washington group home in 2008 . Harris-Moore 's trial is scheduled to begin July 11 .	Colton Harris-Moore pleads not guilty to six federal charges Lawyer : A draft of plea agreement is expected soon Harris-Moore is accused of stealing boats , cars , and planes while eluding police capture Possible book and movie deals are in the works
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq may reactivate long-idle pipelines to get its oil to world markets if tensions over neighboring Iran result in the closure of the Strait of Hormuz , a government spokesman said Sunday . The plans include shipping more oil to Turkey 's port of Ceyhan and reopening pipelines that could deliver Iraqi crude to ports in Syria , Lebanon and Saudi Arabia , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said in a statement released from his office . Iran is resisting international calls to suspend its uranium enrichment work and demonstrate that its nuclear program remains solely peaceful . The Islamic republic has warned that it will close the Strait of Hormuz if threatened , shutting down access to the Gulf . Oil is the source of more than 90 % of Iraq 's budget . About 80 % of the 2.2 million barrels of oil Iraq exports daily flows through the strait , along with about 20 % of world oil production . Iraq 's Cabinet approved several recommendations for finding alternatives to shipping oil out of the southern port of Basra through the Persian Gulf , al-Dabbagh said . If the sea route were cut off , Iraq could increase production through its pipeline from Kirkuk to Ceyhan and ship more oil aboard tanker trucks in the short term , he said . Muqtada al-Sadr followers protest government But in the long run , a government committee recommended reopening a pipeline into Syria and Lebanon that was shut down by the insurgency that followed the U.S. invasion in 2003 and another pipeline to Saudi Arabia 's Red Sea port of Yanbu that has been idled since the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 . But Iraqi infrastructure deteriorated during the sanctions that followed the invasion of Kuwait , and putting those back into service could take years , Iraq 's oil ministry has said . The Yanbu pipeline was built during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s , when both countries targeted tankers coming in and out of each other 's ports . The committee also recommended building a new pipeline that would connect Iraqi oil fields to Jordan 's port of Aqaba , also on the Red Sea , al-Dabbah said .	Iraq eyes old pipelines , new projects in case Strait of Hormuz is closed Oil provides more than 90 % of Iraq 's budget About four-fifths of its exports flow through the strait
CNN  -- A Lion Air Boeing 737-900 collided with a cow when landing on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia . The plane , on a domestic route that started in Jakarta , landed at Jalaluddin Airport in Gorontalo on Tuesday evening and hit one of three cows wandering on the runway . The aircraft skidded off the runway and the cow was killed , though none of the 110 passengers on board were injured . Several flights were canceled and the airport was temporarily closed on Tuesday due to the accident . Operations were resumed on Wednesday . Gorontalo governor Rusli Habibie told the Jakarta Post the airport suffered from inadequate fencing . "  Lion Air management has just told me that animals , particularly dogs , are often seen on the runway , " said Habibie . "  This problem should be immediately resolved . " Government administrators are due to meet with the National Transportation Safety Committee and Jalaluddin Airport officials to discuss ways to prevent similar events in future . In April this year another Lion Air flight carrying 108 people to Bali crashed into the sea after missing the runway . All 101 passengers and seven crew were evacuated with only a few injuries reported .	Lion Air jet collided with a cow when landing in Gorontalo , Indonesia The governor addressed the problem of inadequate fencing around the airport Lion Air had another landing accident earlier this year in Bali
Key West , Florida  CNN  -- For more than 20 years , the bulletproof museum case housed a small piece of yesteryear : a gold bar recovered from a sunken Spanish galleon . Today , its case is broken , littered with black fingerprint dust . The treasure is gone . Stolen . Two thieves were caught in the act by the museum 's security cameras . "  This is a special piece , " said Melissa Kendrick , executive director of the Mel Fisher Maritime Museum in Key West , Florida . "  All the pieces have an incredible historic value , but this is the piece that was shared with the public in a whole totally different way . " It was different because visitors could touch it . By reaching into the specially designed display case , more than 6 million people have touched the 74.85-ounce bar , valued at more than $ 550,000 . "  They 're touching something that belonged to someone in 1622 , " said Carol Shaughnessy , author of "  Diving Into Glory . " "  Ordinarily people do n't get to touch something like that . You ca n't touch an Egyptian mummy . This is a hands-on connection to history . " But now , what does a thief do with a priceless , high-profile artifact ? Is there an underground market that will pay $ 550,000 for this almost 400-year-old piece of solid gold ? One expert says no . "  That 's why these crimes do n't make a whole lot of money for the criminals , " said Robert Wittman , a former FBI agent who once headed the FBI 's Art Crime Team . "  It does n't make sense to do it . " Wandering through the museum , the thieves can be seen in security video trying to open museum doors . The video is incredibly clear . First , they appeared to be targeting a display case of gold chains . Then , after a security guard left this part of the museum , a man can be seen reaching into the case housing the gold bar and placing the little piece of history into his pocket before exiting the museum . "  We 're getting information and following leads , " said Key West Police Chief Donie Lee . "  Unfortunately we have n't got the best lead , which is , I know that person and we go out , and it 's a positive ID , and we 're able to go out and pick those guys up . " What makes the crime so shocking , police said , is that the thieves were able to snap the glass at its edges . It 's not just any glass , but three-eighths-inch thick bulletproof Lexan glass . "  By designating this as a handling object , it brought certain risks to the bar , " Kendrick said . "  But after your first five , and your next 10 , and when you get to 25 years , you start to get to the point when you think that it 's never going to happen . " Treasure hunter and salvor Mel Fisher recovered the solid gold bar from the wreck of the Santa Margarita in 1980 . Fisher and his team had been searching for the Nuestra Senora de Atocha and instead found the sister ship , the Santa Margarita . Both ships had gone down in a hurricane off Key West shortly after leaving Havana , Cuba , in 1622 . The ships were headed home to Spain with a cargo of gold , silver and coins from the new world . The team found the Atocha in 1985 . The stolen bar is one of dozens of gold and silver bars retrieved from the bottom of the sea . Experts say that about 90 percent of stolen art and artifacts is eventually recovered that but it often takes years to find . The FBI has recovered more than 2,600 items of cultural property valued at more than $ 142 million . The items range from Colombian artifacts to Rembrandt paintings . Wittman , the former FBI agent and author of "  Priceless : How I Went Undercover to Rescue the World 's Stolen Treasures , " said the market is incredibly small for these high-profile objects . He said thieves often steal the items and then try to figure how to sell them . "  We recovered paintings and artifacts that were missing for many years . Ten , 15 , sometimes 20 years , because the thieves could n't get rid of them , " he said . "  They kept them in their closets . They were white elephants . They made no money out of the deals . They were stuck . " In 1990 , thieves entered the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston , Massachusetts , and stole 13 works of art , including three Rembrandts from the 1600s . None has been recovered , and federal agents are using DNA to try to find the perpetrators . Wittman said no legitimate collector would take the risks associated with buying stolen goods . "  They do n't buy stolen property , because ... they ca n't show it , they ca n't enjoy it . ... It makes them into criminals , and the last thing they want to do is spend a lot of money for a painting or for an artifact , whether it 's gold or whatever , and have it seized by the police and go to jail , " he said . Key West authorities said they believe the thieves were not locals and that they are probably long gone . The museum 's insurance company is offering a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to the return of the bar . Police said they remain hopeful they will solve the crime but just hope they can recover this golden piece of history . "  This is going to end up in somebody 's house probably , used as a paperweight , " said Lee , who is leading the investigation . "  Other than melting it down , which is the worst-case scenario for everyone , we 're just hoping that they will come to their senses somehow and return this back to the museum . "	Gold bar stolen from Key West , Florida , museum is worth more than $ 550,000 Video shows crime taking place , but leads are sparse Thieves often ca n't sell stolen treasures because legitimate collectors wo n't bite But stolen treasures are often hard to find
CNN  -- A late-night 911 call . Police race to the house of a venture capitalist in an upscale suburb of Detroit . Shots are fired at officers and one of them is killed . The house is surrounded , a SWAT unit is summoned and after a 20-hour standoff punctuated by more shots , the homeowner and suspected shooter is found dead . Two lives are over . One , that of a 12-year veteran of the police force , a married man with four children . The other , seen through legal documents and online resumes , appears to have spiraled downward from a high-flying career as a top-level auto executive with a wife and child to that of a divorcee facing legal issues and financial woes . At 10 p.m. ET Sunday , police officers responded to a report of gunfire at the home in West Bloomfield Township , Michigan , according to a police spokesman . Officer Patrick O'Rourke was shot several times by the gunman and later died at a hospital , said Lt. Tim Diamond . After a 20-hour standoff during which police knocked out a wall in the home and the suspect fired more shots , police sent in a robot outfitted with a camera , according to a release from the West Bloomfield police department . When a team of police officers entered the room they discovered Ricky Coley was dead , a police dispatcher said . The cause of death had yet to be determined , the release said . It appeared that the 50-year-old was on the verge of losing almost everything . According to court documents , Coley was scheduled to have an early intervention conference on Monday morning in his recent divorce case , a day on which he was reportedly about to be evicted . In her filing , Coley 's ex-wife , Deniece , alleged he attacked her on June 12 and she moved out of the house . Deniece Coley said her husband had cheated on her and subjected her to "  physical , mental , emotional and psychological abuse . " The divorce was granted six days ago , according to CNN affiliate WDIV . The Coleys were married in November 1998 and have a 7-year-old child . Deniece Coley was granted sole custody of their child . According to CNN affiliate WXYZ , Ricky Coley was ordered to leave the house by Monday . He was also the subject of a federal lawsuit surrounding an auto carrier company that his financial holdings company owned until it closed its doors in January 2010 . The complaint alleges that Translogic Auto withheld more than $ 9,600 from employees ' paychecks that were intended for an insurance plan . The insurance company canceled employees ' policies , due to nonpayment of premiums , the suit says , and employees and beneficiaries lost benefits . The suit also says Coley transferred more than $ 341,000 to himself or affiliates during the time when the company failed to pay insurance premiums . Coley was the sole defendant in the lawsuit , filed by the U.S. Department of Labor . WXYZ reported he was also found in default to two banks for $ 52,000 in one case and $ 43,000 in another . A page on LinkedIn , a business networking site , that appeared to belong to Coley said he was the chairman emeritus of CNC Holdings , the venture capital company that purchased Translogic in 2008 . The page said he worked at Ford from January 2001 to January 2008 , in the last year as North American plants operations manager/director , overseeing more than 30 plants and a $ 1.6 billion budget . Ford spokeswoman Kelli Felker did n't confirm what role Coley filled at Ford . He also worked at General Motors and UPS , according to the LinkedIn page . A resume that was last updated in June 2011 on the website Indeed.com mirrored the LinkedIn profile . Deniece Coley said in her divorce petition that her then-husband had n't worked in three years . His resumes show Ricky Coley held multiple degrees . He studied industrial and systems engineering at Georgia Tech in Atlanta , earning an undergraduate and graduate degree . He also studied patent law at North Carolina Central in Durham , North Carolina , according to his LinkedIn profile . He also claimed an MBA from Queens College in Charlotte , North Carolina .	Police dispatcher identifies dead suspect as Ricky Coley The shooter was found dead Monday afternoon A police officer in a Detroit suburb was killed Sunday night A 20-hour standoff ensued after the man barricaded himself in the house
CNN  -- A terminally ill college basketball player in Ohio will get a chance to make her dreams come true Sunday with her first college game . Lauren Hill 's first game may be her last one . The 19-year-old freshman at Mount Saint Joseph University was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 2013 . Her diagnosis came during her final year of high school . A few weeks before she found out , she 'd signed up to play basketball at Mount Saint Joseph . Undeterred , she played ball in high school despite rounds of chemotherapy for her inoperable tumor , CNN affiliate WKRC reported . "  I never gave up for a second even when I got a terminal diagnosis ; never thought about sitting back and not living life anymore , " she told the affiliate . After doctors told her she does n't have much time left , the university asked the NCAA if it can move its season opener by two weeks to November 2 , according to the affiliate . The answer was yes . Hill will join her new teammates for her first college game against Hiram College . She plans to wear her No. 22 jersey . Support for Hill poured in ahead of the game from a few high-profile sports fans , including from Cincinnati Bengals . .	NCAA grants dying teen 's wish University moves season opener so she can play "  I never gave up for a second even when I got a terminal diagnosis , " Lauren Hill says
CNN  -- Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico . Marisol Valles Garcia , all of 20 years old , says she 's just tired of everyone being afraid . Valles Garcia , a criminology student , became the police chief this week of Praxedis G. Guerrero , one of the most violent municipalities in the border state of Chihuahua . She was the only person who accepted the top job in a police force whose officers have been abducted and even killed . "  Yes , there is fear , " Valles Garcia said Wednesday in an interview with CNN en Español . "  It 's like all human beings . There will always be fear , but what we want to achieve in our municipality is tranquility and security . " There 's good reason for the fear . Just this past weekend , a 59-year-old local mayor , Rito Grado Serrano , and his 37-year-old son , Rogoberto Grado Villa , were killed in a house in which they they were hiding in nearby Ciudad Juarez . Another area mayor was killed in June . Juarez is the bloodiest city in Mexico , with a reported 2,500 people killed in drug violence this year . Praxedis G. Guerrero is located about 35 miles southeast of Ciudad Juarez . Both are in the state of Chihuahua , which borders Texas . Nationwide , the federal government says , more than 28,000 people have lost their lives since Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels after taking office in December 2006 . Valles Garcia sees a non-violent role for her 13-member force , which will be mostly female and unarmed . "  The weapons we have are principles and values , which are the best weapons for prevention , " she told CNN en Español . "  Our work will be pure prevention . We are not going to be doing anything else other than prevention . " Valles Garcia said she aims to establish programs in neighborhoods and schools , to win back security in public spaces and to foster greater cooperation among neighbors so they can form watch committees . She has recruited three other women to join the force in the small municipality of 8,500 people , the government-run Notimex news agency said this week . Valles Garcia said Wednesday she gladly accepted when Mayor Jose Luis Guerrero offered her the job . The first couple of days have gone smoothly , she said . "  Truthfully , we have been very tranquil , " she said . "  The people have received us very well . They have even supported us . They say it 's a great project and they will be with us 100 percent . " Still , the notion of a largely female police force being helmed by a woman -- and a young one at that -- does not seem to sit well with some people in a country that still retains vestiges of machismo . "  Are there no men in Chihuahua ? " read a headline on a blog on the Periodista Digital website . But Valles Garcia believes what the job may need is a woman 's touch . "  We are simply going to talk with them , with the people , with the families , giving them confidence so they will quit being afraid , so they can leave their houses , " she told CNN en Español . "  We have hope that we are going to exchange fear for tranquility and security . "	Marisol Valles Garcia , a criminology student , is the only person who accepted the job She says she stepped up because she is tired of people living in fear The police force will not carry weapons , she said
CNN  -- A one-time "  American Idol " finalist has died , the show 's official Facebook page announced . "  Michael Johns was an incredible talent and we are deeply saddened by the news of his passing , " a joint statement from Fox , FremantleMedia North America and 19 Entertainment said . "  He was a part of our American Idol family and he will be truly missed . Our hearts and prayers go out to his family and friends during this difficult time . " According to Entertainment Weekly , the Australian-born singer , who was on the Fox program in 2008 , died Friday at age 35 . The Hollywood Reporter said the cause is believed to be a blood clot in his ankle . "  I just heard the very sad news that Michael Johns has passed away . A truly great guy , " Simon Cowell wrote on Twitter . "  Rest in peace Michael . " "  So Sad . Too soon , " wrote Randy Jackson . "  Thank you for sharing your talents with us . RIP Michael Johns . " People we 've lost in 2014	The one-time "  American Idol " finalist was 35 He died due to a blood clot , according to reports Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson tweet condolences
CNN  -- Ghana international Michael Essien has followed goalkeeper Petr Cech in agreeing a new five-year contract with English Premier League side Chelsea . Michael Essien has made a big impression on new Chelsea coach Luiz Felipe Scolari . The midfielder , who is in China for the start of the club 's pre-season tour , is now tied to the London outfit until the summer of 2013 . The 25-year-old has made 143 appearances since moving to Stamford Bridge from French club Lyon in a $ 49 million transfer in August 2005 , scoring 14 goals in total and helping Chelsea win the league title that season . Essien 's decision to commit his long-term future to the club is a boost for new manager Luiz Felipe Scolari , who allowed veteran holding midfielder Claude Makelele to join Paris St Germain on Monday . "  I have not been here long but it is clear to me that Michael Essien is one of the best midfield players in the world , " Scolari said . "  I have always admired him and it is good news for me and for Chelsea that he signs for so long . " The Accra-born Essien , who started his career in France with Bastia in 2000 before moving to Lyon three years later , was also pleased with the deal . "  I am really pleased to have extended my career with Chelsea , " he said . "  I am very happy here . We have a great team and fantastic fans who have always made me welcome . "  With the addition of the new manager , I am feeling very positive about the season ahead . " Chelsea announced on Monday that Czech Republic goalkeeper Cech signed a new five-year deal , while England full-back Wayne Bridge committed himself to four more years last week . Scolari is still seeking to keep England midfielder Frank Lampard , who has ended talks over a new deal and now appears to be resigned to waiting until his contract runs out before joining Inter Milan following the upcoming season . The Brazilian has so far added only Portugal playmaker Deco to his midfield ranks . His first match in charge will be Wednesday 's friendly against Guangzhou Pharmaceutical , one of the three games the team will play in China . Striker Didier Drogba , who has been linked with moves to AC Milan and Barcelona , is not among the touring squad due to a recurring knee problem . Khalid Boulahrouz , meanwhile , completed his transfer from Chelsea to Stuttgart on a four-year contract with the Bundesliga club . The Netherlands central defender was released Monday by Chelsea and arrived in Stuttgart 's training camp in Austria shortly before midnight after passing a medical exam in Stuttgart . The deal between Stuttgart and Chelsea was completed Tuesday . Details were not given . The Dutchman played for Hamburger SV for two seasons before going to Chelsea in 2006 . He was loaned to FC Sevilla last season . Boulahrouz 's departure came a day after 35-year-old former France international Claude Makelele signed a two-year deal with Paris-Saint Germain after joining from Chelsea on a free transfer .	Ghana international Michael Essien signs new five-year contract with Chelsea Midfielder follows Petr Cech and Wayne Bridge in agreeing long-term deals The 25-year-old has made 143 appearances since joining from Lyon in 2005 Dutch defender Khalid Boulahrouz leaves Chelsea for Stuttgart on 4-year deal
CNN  -- Users have one week to vote on the proposed changes to Facebook 's policy , including the ability of users to vote on future privacy changes . Voting opened on Monday , and users have until Monday , December 10 , at noon PST to make their opinions heard . Facebook has put up a custom voting app powered by a third-party company for this vote , and the results will be tallied by an independent auditor . "  This feedback allows us to respond to your questions and make substantive changes to our proposals before they are implemented , " Elliot Schrage , Facebook 's vice president of communications and public policy , said in a blog post announcing the vote . Facebook proposed the latest changes to its Data Use Policy and Statement of Rights and Responsibilities on November 21 . Users and privacy groups immediately expressed concerns over the modifications . In addition to a proposed end to public voting on these types of issues , Facebook wanted to change to how users control who can send them messages . Also , an addition to the Data Use Policy would allow Facebook to share data with affiliated business , such as Instagram . On Friday , two privacy groups , the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Center for Digital Democracy , sent an open letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg objecting to the proposal . "  Because these proposed changes raise privacy risks for users , may be contrary to law , and violate your previous commitments to users about site governance , we urge you to withdraw the proposed changes , " read the letter . They also say the changes could violate Facebook 's settlement with the Federal Trade Commission , in which the social network said it would obtain consent from users before sharing their personal data with third parties , and provide users with clear notice when that information is shared . Facebook has a rocky history with privacy changes and resulting backlash from members . In 2009 , the site made previously private data such as friend lists and profile photos public by default . The following year , users were automatically oped into a new "  Instant Personalization " feature that shared private information with outside companies such as Pandora . The outpouring of comments on the Facebook post announcing the proposed policy updates was huge . More than 20,000 people commented on the post , voicing concerns over the company 's proposed updates . "  I do n't want advertisers to have my information . I made this account back in 2005 as a way to keep in touch with friends , not be bombarded by ever increasing advertisements , " commented user Nic Raines . In that post , Facebook also proposed to end public voting on changes to site governance . The voting option was first rolled out in 2009 in response to privacy complaints over a chance to the sites term of use . At the time , Facebook had just 175 million users . This voting app is a improvement over the previous system . Past votes just required 7,000 users to comment on an official Facebook post . Facebook said the reason it wanted to do away with votes was that the comment system valued "  quantity over quality , " a problem the new system already seems to address . There are about 1 billion people on Facebook , not including bots or fake accounts . Facebook will require 30 % of those active registered users to take part in the vote for the outcome to be binding . If less than that percent vote , the company will take the results under advisement . Getting 300 million Facebook users to vote could be difficult , especially with the lack of viral appeal such as a fake lottery ticket . In addition to voting and commenting , Facebook users can join a live webcast on Tuesday , during which Facebook officials will answer questions . Fake lottery winner may be Facebook 's most shared image Some irked by Facebook 's new pages for couples Opinion : Does Facebook hurt your college chances ?	Facebook users have one week to vote on the latest proposed privacy changes One change would end the public voting option Another change would expand with which affiliate companies Facebook may share data
CNN  -- German company GoalControl GmbH has won the race to be the first provider of goal-line technology  GLT  to the FIFA World Cup -- for now . The system will be rolled out for June 's Confederations Cup in Brazil , which serves as a warm up event for the 2014 tournament . Should the system perform adequately , GoalControl GmbH will be the official GLT provider when the World Cup heads to Brazil for the second time next year . The technology , which uses 14 high-speed cameras  7 per goal  around the stadium , beat off competition from three other providers . This came even though GoalControl was the last of the four to receive a FIFA license , only doing so last month . "  While all four companies had previously met the stringent technical requirements of the FIFA Quality Program , " said football 's world governing body in a statement , "  the final decision was based on criteria relating more specifically to the tournaments in Brazil , including the company 's ability to adapt to local conditions and the compatibility of each GLT system in relation to FIFA match operations . " "  The respective bids were also judged on cost and project management factors such as staffing and time schedules for installation . The use of GoalControl-4D in Brazil is subject to a final installation test at each stadium . " Following a tender process that began in February and involved presentations to FIFA as well as visits to some of Brazil 's leading stadiums , the companies that missed out were CAIROS , GoalRef and Hawk-Eye . While both CAIROS and GoalRef use magnetic fields around the goal and need to insert a chip in the ball , Hawk-Eye and GoalControl use a 3D imaging system to determine the precise location of the ball . The successful bidder , GoalControl , believes that one of its strengths is the fact that neither the ball nor goal structure need to be changed for the system to work -- with referees receiving a vibration and optical signal in their watches to inform them of a successful score . Nonetheless , it will still cost an estimated US$ 260,000 to install the system into a stadium while the running costs are considerably lower -- at just under US$ 4,000 per game . GoalControl 's high-speed cameras are located high in the stadium and , according to the company 's website , are "  connected to a powerful image processing computer system which tracks the movement of all objects on the pitch and filters out the players , referees and all disturbing objects . "  The remaining object is the ball and the system knows its three dimensional position with a precision of a few millimeters in the coordinate system of the pitch . " The British company Hawk-Eye aside , the three other companies bidding for the FIFA tender were all German . Coincidentally , it was a World Cup match between Germany and England , at the 2010 finals in South Africa , that prompted a FIFA rethink on GLT . FIFA president Sepp Blatter had long denied the need for such technology but he changed his mind after seeing Englishman Frank Lampard have a goal ruled out in a 4-1 loss even though the ball had clearly crossed the line . The theory is that such human refereeing error will be eradicated following the implementation of GLT , which was first used at December 's Club World Cup in Japan . However , the system was never put to the test during a competition won by Corinthians of Brazil since all the goals that were scored clearly crossed the line . Before every game , match officials will conduct tests to determine that the GLT system is working correctly -- with FIFA hoping to showcase GoalControl 's technology prior to this year 's Confederations Cup . While FIFA are embracing GLT , European football body UEFA are steadfastly refusing to use the new technology -- with president Michel Platini saying it is too expensive . The Frenchman says he would prefer the cost of installing the system in Europe 's leading stadiums , which he says will cost some US$ 70m , to be spent on youth football . Meanwhile , Pierluigi Collina , the former Italian referee who now serves on UEFA 's Referees Committee , has previously expressed his belief that no GLT system can ever be perfect . "  I 'm not sure that technology can be 100 % perfect -- for example , my mobile phone and my computer sometimes do n't work , " he told CNN . "  I would have been happy to have had two more sets of eyes in the penalty area , " added Collina , effectively registering support for UEFA 's system of using extra officials behind the goal-line .	Camera-based GoalControl GmbH win tender to provide goal-line technology for FIFA System will be used for 2014 World Cup if Confederations Cup trials prove successful Cost of installing preferred GLT in a stadium is US$ 260,000
CNN  -- After Haiti 's devastating earthquake , Georges Nader picked up Hector Hyppolite 's oil-on-cardboard painting like a father would a wounded child . He could barely hold back his tears . "  Vase et Fleurs , " glorious in its art naif simplicity , lay before him like a complicated jigsaw puzzle . Pieces were frazzled , some were even missing . Like so many other things in Haiti , the painting by one of Haiti 's foremost artists was gone . A masterpiece lost , and with it a part of Haiti 's history . No one would ever be able to put it together , Nader believed , as he fished through a demolished museum in Port-au-Prince that housed 12,000 pieces of art collected by his family . Each told the history and aspirations of a people who survived hardship and expressed themselves through painting and sculpture . With few functioning institutions or the kinds of buildings and monuments found in wealthier nations , depictions of sun and sea , people and animals by untrained artists -- some infused with the spiritual traditions of voodoo culture -- came to serve as Haiti 's collective memory . Hyppolite , a voodoo priest and self-taught artist , painted with his fingers and with brushes made of chicken feathers . On Friday , Nader will stand again before Hyppolite 's 1946 still life , its brilliant hues brought back to life by conservators working with the Smithsonian Institution . "  I think it 's a miracle , " Nader said . The painting is one of two restored works of art that is part of a larger show of 50 pieces created by Haitian artists -- the other rescued piece is "  Beau Reve " by Celestin Faustin . "  Saving Grace : A Celebration of Haitian Art " was organized by Affirmation Arts and curated by leading Haitian art historian Gerald Alexis . Alexis , like his longtime friend Nader , said the exhibit meant the world to him , a potent symbol of Haiti 's rebirth , especially amid cries that recovery efforts after the earthquake has been too slow . "  This is the identity of the Haitian people , " Alexis said . "  If we let this go , the next generation in Haiti will not know where they came from . It was a duty we had to fulfill . " In the immediate aftermath of earthquake , Nader and other art collectors in Haiti rescued thousands of pieces from the rubble that might have been forever lost . In just one room of his museum , he salvaged 1,000 pieces -- 70 percent needed restorative work . It was hard to quantify the loss , Nader said , because unlike in the United States , Haiti lacked a plethora of museums and galleries . Much of the nation 's treasure existed in private homes , in private collections like the one his father built when he began collecting decades ago . No one knew for certain how many pieces were lost . As the second floor of his gallery transformed into a hospital ward for art , Nader was determined to make them all well again . He and Alexis began making phone calls , knocking on doors . It would take people with tremendous expertise to perform intricate surgery on delicate paintings and objects to make them whole again . They found a partner at the Smithsonian and the result was the Cultural Recovery Centre , which recently opened in conjunction with the Haitian government in the hills of Port-au-Prince . Haiti 's cultural heritage , like Africa 's lions in the wild , were endangered . The center 's mission was to protect that heritage . Richard Kurin , under-secretary for history , art and culture at the Smithsonian , said it would have been unconscionable to leave art under the rubble . He said the recovery center is "  magically " restoring thousands of pieces that were damaged . The center is also training Haitians how to conserve . A course in September taught 26 participants how to identify deterioration agents , apply first aid treatment , prepare and respond to emergencies and create safe storage spaces for collections . "  I think we look at the restoration of art as the restoration of hope , " he said . "  By restoring the past you are giving people access to their heritage . " Marla Goldwasser , the director of Affirmation Arts in New York admitted she did n't know much about Haitian art before she took on the "  Saving Grace " exhibit . But the gallery wanted to make a contribution to Haiti 's recovery . "  We wanted to give Haitian art , the Haitian people , a voice , " she said about "  Saving Grace , " the first such show of Haitian art in the United States in over a decade . Many of the pieces have previously not been seen outside Haiti . Nader hopes those who relish the visual feast will gather an understanding of the vital role that art plays in Haitian society . And why it is incumbent on Haitians to bring back what an earthquake buried last January .	A still life painting by Haitian artist Hector Hyppolite was damaged in the earthquake Gallery owner Georges Nader wanted to have it -- and thousands of other pieces -- restored In a troubled land , art serves a vital role as the nation 's memory The Haitian government has been working with the Smithsonian on restoration ` Saving Grace , ' a show of 50 pieces of Haitian art , opens in New York on Friday
Under withering criticism , Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki told a Senate committee on Thursday that he was "  mad as hell " about allegations of deadly waiting times and coverup at VA hospitals but he does n't plan to resign . The retired Army general faced angry legislators and then aggressive journalists with a consistent message , arguing it was too soon to cast blame and vowing decisive action if an inspector general 's investigation finds proof that VA workers manipulated waiting lists to cover up long delays for veterans seeking health care . Last month , CNN revealed that at least 40 veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system , according to sources inside the hospital and a doctor who worked there . Many were placed on a secret waiting list , the sources said . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list Since November , CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country where numerous VA staffers have stepped forward to allege dangerously long wait times and efforts by agency officials to cover them up . Calls for dismissal Critics cite reports and complaints of excessive waits for care going back several years , with some calling for Shinseki 's resignation or dismissal over the continuing and allegedly worsening problems . President Barack Obama has so far backed Shinseki , but he appointed a top aide on Wednesday to work with the embattled Cabinet secretary to review the situation . At his first congressional hearing since the CNN reports drew national attention to the issue , Shinseki told the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee that he was reviewing all VA operations and also cooperating fully with the independent inspector general 's investigation . "  Any allegation , any adverse incident like this makes me mad as hell , " he said , urging the legislators to wait for the investigation 's finding before trying to resolve a complex set of problems . His assurance that "  we will act " on any substantiated allegation angered senators from both parties who insisted the problems are real and need immediate action . Some pointed to a policy implemented by Shinseki that set a 14-day limit to provide care for veterans applying for the first time , saying a deadline they labeled as unworkable resulted in VA administrators devising ways to cover up months-long delays . Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina questioned why Shinseki , who has been Obama 's only veterans affairs secretary , failed to act sooner on problems long cited by veterans , the U.S. Government Accountability Office and others . "  With the numerous GAO , IG and Office of Medical Inspector reports that have been released , VA senior leadership , including the secretary , should have been aware that VA was facing a national scheduling crisis , " Burr said . "  VA 's leadership has either failed to connect the dots or failed to address this ongoing crisis , which has resulted in patient harm and patient death . " Demands to fix the problem Shinseki labeled possible links between long waits and veteran deaths as allegations , and acting inspector general Richard Griffin said nothing his investigation has found so far proves a causal relationship . "  It 's one thing to be on a waiting list , and it 's another thing to conclude that as a result of being on the waiting list , that 's the cause death , " he said . His assistant , Dr. John Daigh , said frequent delays occurred , as well as deficient quality standards that caused patient harm in some cases . "  But to draw the conclusion between patient harm and death has so far been a tenuous connection , " Daigh told the committee . The hearing touched on deeper policy and political ramifications involving veterans affairs , with Republicans seeking to target Shinseki for failing to take action while some Democrats emphasized the increasing health care demands of veterans that lag behind funding levels . At the same time , Democrats also called for a thorough probe of what was going on and immediate changes to fix the problems . Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut urged Shinseki to include law enforcement agencies in the current investigation because of "  evidence , not allegations , " that records were falsified in scheduling practices described by some as "  cooking the books . " Later , Griffin told the panel that federal prosecutors are working with his investigation . He said his office intends to complete its report no later than August . When Committee Chairman Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont asked Shinseki if "  cooking the books " was a problem in the VA health system , the secretary said : "  I 'm not aware , other than in a number of isolated cases " that there was evidence of that . Shinseki says overall VA is good Overall , Shinseki said , the VA system is good and he advised waiting for the inspector general 's report before legislating solutions , a position backed by Sanders , an independent who caucuses with the Senate 's majority Democrats . Shinseki has put three employees , including two senior executives , on administrative leave at the request of the Inspector General 's office , but some members of Congress and the American Legion have called for his resignation or dismissal . Asked at one point if he should resign , Shinseki said caring for fellow American veterans was a mission , not a job , and he intended to continue working until he achieves his goal of improved care "  or I am told by my commander in chief that my time has been served . " In appointing White House Deputy Chief of Staff Rob Nabors to assist Shinseki in reviewing what happened , Obama said he asked Shinseki to review "  practices to ensure better access to care . " "  While we get to the bottom of what happened in Phoenix , it 's clear the VA needs to do more to ensure quality care for our veterans , " Obama said . Shinseki said he welcomed the perspective of Nabors . Republicans went after Shinseki at the hearing and from the floor of the full chamber . Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell questioned if the VA problems were part of a "  systematic , administration-wide crisis . " First on CNN : An ` angered and saddened ' Shinseki to testify The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month as inside sources revealed to CNN details of a secret waiting list for veterans at the Phoenix VA. . After Phoenix , allegations emerge nationwide But even as the Phoenix VA 's problems have gained national attention , numerous whistleblowers from other VA hospitals across the country have stepped forward in recent weeks . They described similar delays in care for veterans and also varying schemes by officials at those facilities to hide the delays -- in some cases even falsify records or "  cook the books . " The secret waiting list in Phoenix was part of an elaborate scheme designed by Veterans Affairs managers there who were trying to hide that 1,400 to 1,600 sick veterans were forced to wait months to see a doctor , according to a recently retired top VA doctor and several high-level sources who spoke exclusively to CNN . "  The scheme was deliberately put in place to avoid the VA 's own internal rules , " said Dr. Sam Foote , a 24-year Phoenix VA physician who just retired this year and who appeared in an interview for the first time on CNN last month . The VA requires its hospitals to provide care to patients in a timely manner , typically within 14 to 30 days . Phoenix VA officials "  developed the secret waiting list , " said Foote . He told CNN that the elaborate scheme in Phoenix involved shredding evidence to hide the long list of veterans waiting for appointments and care . Foote and the other sources said officials at the VA instructed their staff to not actually make doctor 's appointments for veterans within the computer system . Instead , Foote said , when a veteran is seeking an appointment , "  they enter information into the computer and do a screen capture hard copy printout . They then do not save what was put into the computer so there 's no record that you were ever here , " he said . According to Foote and the sources , the information was gathered on the secret electronic list and then the information that would show when veterans first began waiting for an appointment was actually destroyed . "  That hard copy , if you will , that has the patient demographic information is then taken and placed onto a secret electronic waiting list , and then the data that is on that paper is shredded , " Foote said . "  So the only record that you have ever been there requesting care was on that secret list , " he said . "  And they would n't take you off that secret list until you had an appointment time that was less than 14 days so it would give the appearance that they were improving greatly the waiting times , when in fact they were not . " From the Phoenix VA officials : Denials of a list Phoenix VA officials denied any knowledge of a secret list , and said they never ordered any staff to hide waiting times . They acknowledged some veterans may have died waiting for care there , but they said they did not have knowledge about why those veterans may have died . The number of veterans who died recently waiting for care in Phoenix is at least 40 , said Foote and the sources . At Thursday 's hearing , however , Griffin said lists compiled so far by investigators indicated 17 such deaths . Months before revelations of what happened Phoenix came to light , CNN had reported about other veterans who died or were injured while waiting for care at different VA hospitals . Veterans dying because of health care delays	Investigators : no evidence so far that long waits caused veteran deaths VA Secretary Eric Shinseki said he wo n't resign Months of CNN investigative work have unearthed allegations of secret VA wait lists A retired doctor charges at least 40 veterans in Phoenix have died waiting for appointments
CNN  -- Preliminary results of an investigation show that Tuesday 's massive power outage in Florida was caused by human error , Florida Power and Light President Armando Olivera said Friday . A field engineer was diagnosing a switch that had malfunctioned at FPL 's Flagami substation in west Miami . Without authorization , the engineer disabled two levels of relay protection , Olivera said . "  This was done contrary to FPL 's standard procedures and established practices , " he said . Standard procedures do not allow the simultaneous removal of both levels of protection . "  We do n't know why the employee took it upon himself to disable both sets of relays , " he added . A fault occurred during the diagnostic process , and because both levels of relay protection had been removed , the fault caused an outage ultimately affecting 26 transmission lines and 38 substations , Olivera said . Find out more about power grids and blackouts " One of the substations affected serves three of the generation units at Turkey Point -- a natural gas unit and both of the plant 's nuclear units . Both the nuclear units automatically shut down due to an under-voltage condition , he said . Also affected were two other generation plants in FPL 's system . The total impact to the system was a loss of 3,400 megawatts of generating capacity . The error affected 584,000 FPL customers , Olivera said . Another 500,000 non-FPL customers also lost power . That translates to about 3 million people . See photos of the blackout 's impact " The employee has been suspended with pay as the investigation continues , he added . "  The employee realized something had gone wrong , but I think it 's fair to say the employee did n't recognize the extent or magnitude of the problem , " Olivera said . The affected region ranged from Miami to Tampa , through Orlando and east to Brevard County , home to Cape Canaveral and the Kennedy Space Center . See a map of the affected areas " E-mail to a friend	A field engineer disabled two levels of relay protection , Florida Power and Light says FPL : Actions were contrary to standard procedures and established practices The employee has been suspended with pay as the investigation continues About 3 million people lost power Tuesday
The U.S. Treasury imposed sanctions Tuesday on leaders of the jihadist al-Nusra Front in Syria , hours after the State Department moved to blacklist the rebel group as a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . The Treasury also sanctioned two armed militia groups that operate under the control of the Syrian government , Jaysh al-Sha ` bi and Shabiha , it said . Syrian opposition groups have voiced their opposition to the U.S. move against the rebel fighters , suggesting that they are being targeted because they oppose a new anti-government coalition . The move came the same day President Barack Obama recognized the leading Syrian opposition coalition as the legitimate representative of the country 's people . "  We 've made a decision that the Syrian Opposition Coalition is now inclusive enough , is reflective and representative enough of the Syrian population that we consider them the legitimate representative of the Syrian people in opposition to the Assad regime , " he told ABC 's Barbara Walters . In recent months , the radical Islamist al-Nusra Front has emerged as one of the most effective groups in the Syrian resistance , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . Read more : New head of Syrian opposition briefs European foreign ministers But Washington accuses the group of using the Syrian conflict to advance its own ideology and ends . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland confirmed Tuesday that the al-Nusra Front had been added to the list of aliases for al Qaeda in Iraq , already designated a foreign terrorist organization . She said the group had claimed nearly 600 attacks in several cities in the past year , including suicide bombings , and was responsible for the deaths of "  numerous innocent Syrians . " Al-Nusra "  has sought to portray itself as part of the legitimate Syrian opposition while it is , in fact , an attempt by AQI to hijack the struggles of the Syrian people for its own malign purposes , " she said . The designation makes it illegal for any U.S. citizen to give "  material support or resources , " including money , training or weapons , to al-Nusra fighters . Read more : Syrian rebels move toward unified command The Treasury 's financial sanctions also target two senior al-Nusra leaders , named as Maysar Ali Musa Abdallah al-Juburi and Anas Hasan Khattab . The measure means that any assets they may hold in the United States are blocked and that U.S. citizens are barred from doing business with them . The Treasury sanctions against pro-government groups target two Shabiha commanders , named as Ayman Jaber and Mohammad Jaber , along with the two militia groups . Its statement said the Shabiha have "  operated as a direct action arm of the government of Syria and its security services , " working alongside its intelligence services , and have been "  complicit in the commission of human rights abuses in Syria , including those related to repression . " "  Since the beginning of the unrest , the Shabiha have fired into crowds of peaceful Syrian demonstrators , shot and killed Syrian demonstrators , arbitrarily detained Syrian civilians , and shot Syrian soldiers who refused to fire on peaceful demonstrators , " it said . The Jaysh al-Sha ` bi militia has "  conducted unilateral and joint operations with Syrian military and security elements against the Syrian opposition " that have led to the deaths of opposition members , the statement said . It accuses Iran of training , funding and arming the Jaysh al-Sha ` bi militia . Washington 's move comes a day ahead of a Friends of Syria meeting scheduled in Morocco . The goal of the designation is to isolate extremist groups in Syria while giving a boost to the new political opposition group unveiled last month in Doha , Qatar , U.S. officials said last week . Al-Nusra and several other groups last month announced their opposition to the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , a new anti-government coalition . U.S. officials estimate al-Nusra members represent about 9 % of rebel forces in Syria . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group , said fighters from the al-Nusra Front were among rebel forces who it says have seized control of a government military base in the Sheikh Sleiman area of western Reef Aleppo . But their designation as a foreign terrorist group is n't being made on the grounds of past or possible future actions , according to the Observatory 's Rami Abdelrahman . "  The United States decided to single out the Nusra Front because of their recent rejection to the political opposition front and  because  they have a different approach to post-Assad 's Syria , " he said . Read more : Syrian National Council picks new president Syrian Minister of Information Omran al-Zoubi told Lebanese al-Manar TV on Monday that Damascus understood why Washington wanted to blacklist the al-Nusra Front . "  When the U.S. places Jabhat al-Nusra on the international terrorist organizations list , that is because it realizes the nature of these groups which are fighting the Syrian armed forces , " he said . Read more : In Syria , marriage as defiance Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has characterized the nearly 21 months of violence that have ravaged his country as a fight against terrorism . But the Syrian National Council , a largely expatriate opposition group , on Sunday voiced its "  full rejection of any accusation of extremism and terrorism to any of the forces that are fighting the Syrian regime . " Any accusations made against factions within the Free Syrian Army , which brings together disparate groups , were intended to cause division within its ranks and between its forces and the Syrian people , it said . "  Terrorism is a characteristic that can only be attributed to the Syrian regime , " it said . The commander of the Falcons of the Levant Brigade , a rebel group , criticized the U.S. move in a statement , saying the international community "  should have designated Bashar al-Assad , his army and his criminal thugs on that list first and last for what they are committing against our people . " The group said it would "  refuse to be dragged into these Western accusations against any group " and would continue to back al-Nusra and any other faction fighting government forces . U.S. officials have previously said the jihadist al-Nusra Front has not affiliated itself publicly with al Qaeda in an apparent effort to appear more mainstream . The group has claimed responsibility for complex attacks in Damascus and Aleppo , frequently involving suicide bombers . At least 165 people were killed Tuesday across the country , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported an attack in the village of Aqrab , in Hama province . More than 125 people were either killed or injured , the vast majority of which belong to the Alawite minority , it said . Al-Assad hails from the same group . A local activist in Aqrab told CNN the village has been under heavy shelling for about a week . The shelling intensified Tuesday , forcing families to flee , said Hekam Abu Rayan . He described bodies still trapped under the rubble . The Hama Revolutionary Command Council , an activist group affiliated with the Free Syrian Army , similarly reported deaths in Aqrab . It accused a pro-government militia of using women and children as "  human shields , " holding them in a building surrounded by rebel fighters . When rebels sent in people to negotiate with the militia , they were taken hostage and later killed , the council said . Women and children attempting to escape were also killed , it said . Syrian state news , citing a military source , denied any attack in Aqrab . CNN is unable to confirm casualty reports as the government has severely restricted access by international journalists . The meeting in Morocco this week follows a renewed international push for a diplomatic solution to the crisis in Syria , amid concerns about the potential use of chemical weapons . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told reporters Tuesday , however , that intelligence about new attempts by Syrian government forces to move chemical weapons "  has really kind of leveled off . " U.S. officials said last week that they had seen intelligence suggesting that Syrian military units might be preparing chemical weapons for use , prompting strong warnings from international figures . "  We have n't seen anything new indicating any aggressive steps to move forward in that way , " Panetta said . "  But we continue to monitor it very closely , and we continue to make clear to them that they should not under any means make use of these chemical weapons against their own population . That would produce serious consequences . " Panetta said he would like to believe that al-Assad has gotten the message : "  We 've made it pretty clear and others have as well . " But , he added , "  You know it 's also clear that the opposition continues to make gains in Syria , and our concern is that if they feel like the regime is threatened with collapse that they might resort to these kinds of weapons . " President Obama has said that any use of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line , " eliciting a swift U.S. reaction . Syrian state-run media said Monday that the United States has falsely accused Syria of considering the use of chemical weapons .	President Barack Obama recognizes a Syrian opposition coalition Syrian state news reports no attack in Aqrab , a village in Hama The United States designates the al-Nusra Front as a foreign terrorist organization The U.S. Treasury also imposes sanctions on two pro-government militia groups
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It took a U.S. former president with global celebrity status to free two American journalists from a North Korea prison . Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore greets freed U.S. journalist Laura Ling . Laura Ling and Euna Lee arrived back in the United States Wednesday morning with former President Bill Clinton , who flew to North Korea to negotiate their release after they were sentenced to a labor camp . Iain Clayton said Wednesday that his wife , Laura , told him through a telephone conversation that the North Koreans were willing to grant the two journalists amnesty if a high-level envoy , such as former President Clinton , were willing to travel to Pyongyang . But there was no shortage of envoys ready to travel to North Korea and negotiate the women 's release . Some heavyweights were turned down by the North Koreans : former Vice President Al Gore , a co-founder of the media outfit the women were working for when they were arrested , and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations whose previous missions to North Korea included negotiating the release of a detained American . Lower-level envoys such as former U.S. ambassador to South Korea and current Korea Society Chairman Donald Gregg , Sig Harrison , an expert on North Korean nukes who has traveled there several times , and Han Park , a scholar at the University of Georgia , all offered their services . Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was also closely involved in coordinating efforts with the White House and State Department to free the women . According to sources intimately involved with the efforts , Sen. John Kerry -- chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- received an official invitation to visit Pyongyang to facilitate their release and open a larger dialogue on the nuclear issue after several weeks of quiet direct diplomacy between Kerry and his aides and North Korea . In the end , it was Clinton whom North Korea wanted . Two senior Obama administration officials described on background how Clinton 's mission to Pyongyang to secure the release of two U.S. journalists imprisoned by North Korea evolved . Officials said that while President Obama never spoke directly with the former president about this issue , negotiations were under way within the administration . During the weekend of July 24-25 , Clinton spoke with National Security Adviser Gen. Jim Jones about his willingness to take on this mission . Clinton ultimately agreed to go on the mission but made it very clear in every communication that this was purely a humanitarian effort . Clinton also wanted to make sure , based on the due diligence of the national security team , that there was a high likelihood of success if he went . "  We were convinced this would be the result , and based on that we could advise President Clinton that his trip was going to be successful , " one official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Wednesday that "  we did our homework ... to make sure that if President Clinton did take this trip , that we would be able to ... win the freedom for these two . " Kelly said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also had a role in the mission , adding that "  The State Department was very involved . " More details , he said , will be released . Administration officials also said it was always made clear by Clinton and the national security team that this would be a humanitarian mission . "  We had one goal in mind , which was in the U.S. interest , which was to seek the release of these two U.S. Americans , " one of the officials said . "  And it was n't in any way about our disagreements with the DPRK with respect to its conduct , or with respect to our intention to vigorously enforce resolutions and to vigorously seek the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . " Clinton and his team engaged in a 75-minute meeting with President Kim Jong Il and then had a dinner which lasted a little over two hours . "  So the total amount of time that they were in meetings or agendas with each other was about a little over three hours and 15 minutes , " one official said . Asked if the nuclear issue at least was discussed , the official said , "  I do n't have an answer to that question . I 'm sure President Clinton gave President Kim his views on denuclearization and his views are well known with respect to denuclearization . " While Gore was turned down by North Korea , he was , however , actively involved in this effort from the start , speaking often with the families and the Obama administration . On Wednesday , Obama thanked the former vice president , saying he "  worked tirelessly in order to achieve a positive outcome . " Clinton 's humanitarian help was not lost on Obama -- who reached out to the journalists ' families on Tuesday night . "  I want to thank President Bill Clinton -- I had a chance to talk to him -- for the extraordinary humanitarian effort that resulted in the release of the two journalists , " he said at the White House . "  My hope is that the families that have been reunited can enjoy the next several days and weeks understanding that because of the efforts of President Clinton and Gore they are able to be with each other once again . " CNN 's Dan Lothian , Ed Hornick and Elise Labott and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Former President Clinton talked with national security adviser before trip Clinton made it clear that his trip was strictly humanitarian , officials say Meetings with North Korean leader totaled a little over three hours Former VP Al Gore was "  vigorously involved " in effort to free journalists
CNN  -- Joseph Wood snorted and struggled to breathe during his nearly two-hour lethal injection Wednesday , his attorney said . "  It took Joseph Wood two hours to die , and he gasped and struggled to breathe for about an hour and 40 minutes . We will renew our efforts to get information about the manufacturer of drugs as well as how Arizona came up with the experimental formula of drugs it used today , " attorney Dale Baich said in a statement . He added : "  Arizona appears to have joined several other states who have been responsible for an entirely preventable horror -- a bungled execution . " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer had directed the Department of Corrections to review the process , saying she is concerned by the length of time it took to carry out the lethal injection . A federal judge ordered local officials to preserve all physical evidence in Wood 's execution . "  One thing is certain , however , inmate Wood died in a lawful manner and by eyewitness and medical accounts he did not suffer . This is in stark comparison to the gruesome , vicious suffering that he inflicted on his two victims -- and the lifetime of suffering he has caused their family , " Brewer said . Arizona 's corrections department said in a statement that it followed protocol in Wood 's execution , re-affirming his "  deep sedation " seven times before he was pronounced dead . Aside from snoring , he did not make grimaces or otherwise move , the corrections department said . Wood was convicted of murder and assault in the 1989 deaths of his estranged girlfriend and her father . "  I do n't believe he was gasping for air ; I do n't believe he was suffering . It sounded to me like was snoring , " said Jeanne Brown , a relative of Wood 's victims . "  You do n't know what excruciating is . What 's excruciating is seeing your dad laying there in a pool of blood , seeing you sister laying there in a pool of blood . This man deserved it . And I should n't really call him a man , " she said . The execution procedure began at 1:52 p.m.  4:52 p.m. ET  and concluded , with Wood 's being pronounced dead , at 3:49 p.m.  6:49 p.m. ET  . Troy Hayden , a media witness from KSAZ , told reporters the execution was difficult to watch . He likened Wood 's breathing to a "  fish gulping for air . " "  It was tough for everybody in that room , " he said . Michael Kiefer , a reporter for The Arizona Republic , has witnessed five executions , including Wood 's . "  Usually it takes about 10 minutes , the person goes to sleep . This was not that , " he told reporters afterward . "  It started off looking as if it was going alright but then obviously something did n't go right . It took two hours . " Kiefer described the sound Wood made as a "  deep , snoring , sucking air sound . " Wood 's attorneys had filed an emergency motion for a stay after his execution began , saying then that Wood had been "  gasping and snorting for more than an hour . " The motion read : "  He is still alive . This execution has violated Mr. Wood 's Eighth Amendment right to be executed in the absence of cruel and unusual punishment . We respectfully request that this Court stop the execution and require that the Department of Corrections use the lifesaving provisions required in its protocol . " Inmate objected to drugs Earlier , the Arizona Supreme Court lifted its brief stay of the murderer 's execution . Wood was first set to be executed at 10 a.m. local time  1 p.m. ET  , though it was temporarily halted when the court said it would consider his request for the justices to review his claims . The court lifted the stay shortly after that , saying without explanation that it considered the request but decided not to review Wood 's case . Wood was the latest American death row inmate to argue that an anesthetic recently introduced in some states ' execution protocols could fail to sufficiently knock out the inmate ahead of the lethal drugs , subjecting the person to an agonizing death . Opinion : 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty Wood claimed among other things that the state was going to use an "  experimental " drug protocol of midazolam and hydromorphone . In documents filed with the state Supreme Court , he contended the use of the anesthetic midazolam was problematic in recent U.S. executions and that it would violate the Constitution 's guarantee against cruel and unusual punishment . Wood was "  very concerned they were experimenting , " said attorney Baich , who witnessed the execution . "  The room was silent . I was focusing on Mr. Wood . There were seven announcements during the process that Mr. Wood was still sedated . This is -- to confirm that he was still sedated . "  He was still breathing and struggling to breathe and gasping and snorting . I have witnessed 10 executions , and I had never seen that before , " Baich told CNN . Opinion : I was 17 , on death row -- and innocent Controversial Oklahoma execution Drugs were n't Wood 's only contention . He also argued the execution should be stopped because his trial attorney was ineffective and that new evaluations from psychologists show he has cognitive impairments that would make him innocent of premeditated murder . Some states turned to midazolam this decade after they could no longer get sodium thiopental , a drug that was regularly used for executions . A U.S. manufacturer stopped producing sodium thiopental in 2009 , and countries that still produce it wo n't allow its export to the United States for use in lethal injections . Earlier this year , Oklahoma put executions on hold after the controversial execution of Clayton Lockett . Midazolam was part of the injection combination , and it took 43 minutes for him to die , Oklahoma officials said . While state officials said Lockett was unconscious the entire time , a media witness for CNN affiliate KFOR said he uttered the words , "  Man , " "  I 'm not , " and "  something 's wrong , " before blinds to the execution chamber were closed . His lawyer , Dean Sanderford , said the inmate 's body twitched and convulsed before he died . Oklahoma 's Department of Public Safety , acting on orders from Gov. Mary Fallin to get to the bottom of what happened , is investigating whether prison officials followed protocols . The review is also supposed to include recommendations about how to prevent something similar from happening again . "  It 's time for Arizona and the other states still using lethal injection to admit that this experiment with unreliable drugs is a failure , " the American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement . "  Instead of hiding lethal injection under layers of foolish secrecy , these states need to show us where the drugs are come from . Until they can give assurances that the drugs will work as intended , they must stop future executions , " it read . Mississippi mom swaps death row for jail cell to await trial Death penalty facts that may surprise you California 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Dave Alsup , Ross Levitt and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : The American Civil Liberties Union calls for greater transparency NEW : A judge orders officials to preserve all physical evidence in Joseph Wood 's execution A media witness likens Wood 's breathing to a "  fish gulping for air " Wood had argued combination for lethal injection was cruel and unusual punishment
CNN  -- For Rebecca James , the onset of "  Beatlemania " meant one thing : a lot of waiting . "  I waited eagerly for them to arrive in the U.S. " she said . "  I waited for them appear on ` Ed Sullivan , ' for each album , for my concert tickets , for the concert , for class to end so I could listen to my Beatles records . They were worth the wait . " The Indianapolis resident was a freshman at William Woods University in Fulton , Missouri , on February 9 , 1964 , the night The Beatles made their first appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " "  A group of us went to a professor 's house to watch , " she recalled . The band performed on the variety show for three consecutive Sundays , and James dutifully tuned in each time . "  They were cute , funny and talented , " she gushed . Of course , James did n't just watch The Beatles on TV and listen to their records at home . On September 3 , 1964 , she and a friend joined the throngs of other Beatles fans at a concert in Indianapolis . "  We were in the nosebleed section at the Coliseum and barely heard a note for the screaming , " James remembered . "  The amplifiers were very small by today 's standards . " She still has the ticket and photos from that day . Those screaming fans were just the beginning . The Beatles ' arrival in the United States -- 50 years ago next month -- marked the start of John , Paul , George and Ringo 's history-making path of pop culture dominance . More on "  The Sixties : The British Invasion " ' I had it and I lived it ' For Diane Salsbery , The Beatles ' "  Ed Sullivan " appearance marked the beginning of an obsession that lives on today . Her home in Phoenix houses a massive collection of memorabilia , including all the original albums , the script of their film "  A Hard Day 's Night , "  which she saw eight times upon its initial release  , collectible Beatles dolls , and a Beatles poster from "  16 " magazine . She remembers the early days of "  Beatlemania " as "  magical for me and millions of other teenage girls . " "  We all watched the ` Ed Sullivan Show ' on our black and white TV sets and fell in love with their music , youthful energy and appearance . Looking back they were very clean-cut looking , but our parents did n't think so ! " Salsbery grew up in a small town in West Virginia , where she said it was difficult to listen to the latest music . "  My brother rigged up a wire from his bedroom window across the creek behind our house so we could pick up the BBC on an old shortwave radio , " she remembered . "  He was also in a band and when they would rehearse down in our basement I would sit on the steps and pretend they were The Beatles rehearsing ! " And Friday nights meant "  Beatles sleepovers " for Salsbery and her friends , when they would listen to Beatles albums and daydream for hours . "  Talk about Beatlemania , I had it and lived it . " The next year , she took the opportunity to see the quartet perform in person . She traveled by bus the long distance from West Virginia to New York to see The Beatles perform what would become a legendary concert in Shea Stadium on August 15 , 1965 . "  It was a very hot , humid evening with thousands in the audience all chanting ` We Love You Beatles , Oh Yes We Do ' while waiting , " Salsbery said . "  When The Beatles ran out onto the field , the sound in the stadium was incredible , with over 55,000 screaming teenagers , myself included . " "  It was an amazing feeling seeing them . None of us knew it would be an historic concert ; we were just caught up in the moment seeing The Beatles . " By that point , The Beatles ' popularity "  across the pond " had made its way to other countries around the world , showing just how much of a cultural touchstone that February concert would become . Beatlemania spreads worldwide Living in Ontario , Canada , in 1964 , Rita Stamp was just as crazy about The Beatles as her American counterparts . One of her most treasured memories is opening a pack of bubble gum and finding a photo of the "  Fab Four " themselves . The surprise caused quite a commotion among her siblings but her mother was n't quite as pleased . Stamp remembers her mother telling her to calm down "  and stop being so crazy over these young boys . " She did n't approve of their long hair . Despite her mother 's feelings , Stamp , then 14 , quickly plastic-wrapped her photo of the Fab Four and displayed it on her bedroom wall until she left home two years later . "  Since then , it has become a special piece of memorabilia that I hold close to my heart , " said Stamp . "  It represents a piece of my childhood , and that is priceless . " Beatlemania did n't just affect women . Kurt Bentzen of Copenhagen , Denmark , became a Beatles fan in 1963 and is still one today ; he attended a Paul McCartney concert as recently as 2009 . At age 12 , and knowing very little English , he stood transfixed one day in the schoolyard while hearing a song . It turned out to be The Beatles ' "  She Loves You . " Bentzen was hooked . He and a friend found it in a music booth at a record store ; he listened to it 25 times and learned the lyrics by heart . After listening to many of their records , Bentzen said The Beatles taught him how to speak English . "  The lyrics got more sophisticated and so did our vocabulary , " he said . Bentzen said he "  almost fainted " when hearing the lyrics , "  Penny Lane , there is a barber showing photographs / Of every head he 's had the pleasure to know . " "  Pure poetry . " Bentzen , a management consultant , credits the Fab Four for his success in life . "  Now many years later I have lived in eight different countries and professionally traveled the world . I got the jobs because during interviews my English was superior to other Danes . " Meanwhile in Venezuela , "  The Beatles changed everything : Social lives and music , " according to Marina Lares of Caracas . Lares explained that Beatlemania influenced how young people behaved in Venezuela in the early 1960s . "  The boys let their hair grow longer " and began to form rock bands , she said . Girls started to wear miniskirts , boots and attended parties without chaperones for the first time . "  Adults and adolescents used to dance ` merengues ' and ` boleros ' with the Billo 's Caracas Boys , a famous Venezuelan Latin music orchestra , but since Beatlemania , adolescents wanted to dance to rock more than anything else , " Lares recalled . "  Parties started to be different , since the music was different , and in a way part of our identity changed . " Of course , there were also the ever-present Beatles posters in her room . Although they were thousands of miles away , Lares ' teenage memories sound identical to the ones that Salsbery and others described . "  My bedroom was the meeting location to hang out and listen to their fabulous music that marked our lives forever , " she said . More : The Beatles in color More : Ringo 's photographs	` Beatlemania ' hit the United States 50 years ago Its influence touched lives and spread throughout the globe Diane Salsbery is a lifelong collector of Beatles memorabilia Kurt Bentzen of Denmark learned English thanks to The Beatles
EW.com  -- "  Sleepy Hollow " wrapped up its freshman season Monday night with a finale packed full of major twists and a whopper of a cliffhanger that left pretty much every major character in a terrible , life-threatening position .  Head thee to EW 's "  Sleepy Hollow " recap for all the details . With Ichabod  Tom Mison  buried six feet under  while still alive  , Abbie  Nicole Beharie  trapped in Purgatory , and Katrina  Katia Winter  kidnapped by the headless horseman , executive producer Mark Goffman had a lot to answer for when we called him up after viewing the heart-stopping episode . Luckily Goffman , who penned the extraordinary second hour with fellow EP Alex Kurtzman , was more than happy to break it all down for us -- and give us some early scoop on season 2 ! Read on for his take on all the twists . Entertainment Weekly : I have to start with the Henry Parrish/Jeremy twist . How long was this the plan and how long did John -LSB- Noble -RSB- know this was the plan ? Mark Goffman : We knew from the beginning . We had told John Noble about it , and I actually gave him the bible for the season when we first brought him on . So it 's been something he 's been sort of building into his performance from episode 5 . And we really thought it was important to establish the Sin Eater as a character before we even heard of Crane 's son . And then to try to put to bed the idea of his son in a couple of episodes later in the back half of the season . So it 's kind of brought up , then dismissed and we move on with the story and the mythology . Hopefully we buried the ball pretty well in terms of the reveal . ` Sleepy Hollow ' : Tom Mison , Orlando Jones reveal first celeb crushes EW : You did ! How long did Tom and the rest of the cast know ? Goffman : You know , at the very beginning of the season , we told Tom he had a son who we were going to play as somebody -- before we had been looking to cast John Noble -- who was older than him because we thought that would be a really interesting way to play it . And we knew this reveal , really , at the beginning of the season . It was part of our initial pitch to -LSB- network president -RSB- Kevin Reilly . So we shared as much of the details as we had with the cast . And there are some actors who do n't like to know where you 're going ; they just want to play it in the moment . Others like feeling where the season is going . So , Tom and Nicole , we brought them into the writers room , and they 've been incredibly generous with sharing the things they love about the show and their characters with us . And that helps us . EW : One of the biggest moments of the episode was learning that the prophecy was , indeed , going to come true , with Abbie sort of being hand-delivered to Moloch . Was there ever a moment where you considered having Ichabod stay in Purgatory so that the prophecy would n't have to come true ? I understand that it sort of had to unravel the way it did in order to have all the pieces together for that final moment . But was that ever discussed in the writer 's room ? Goffman : I feel like we had shown Ichabod a few times over the course of the season in Purgatory , and it seemed like just a much more exciting way to leave , if we were back in our world and that 's where Crane was in jeopardy , at the end of the season cliffhanger . So it just felt like a much more exciting way to go . And also , having each of them isolated felt like a much stronger cliffhanger . EW : Yeah , I honestly do n't know how you 're going to get yourself out of this . How far are you into planning a way out of this huge pickle ? Goffman : We definitely have ideas . Part of the fun of this show is taking these really big swings . So we 'll have to take some more to get them out . EW : Is there going to be a time jump when we come back for the next season ? Or do we pick up right in the moment of this chaos ? ` Sleepy Hollow ' stars talk Ichabod 's skinny jeans encounter Goffman : I do n't want to say yet . But the great thing about the way this show is crafted is that we do n't have to start in real time . We can begin in dream sequences , we can begin with a flashback to parts of the past and tell some of these stories . But I think it 's pretty important to me that we get them both out pretty quickly . We know that Crane is in the coffin , so the clock is ticking quickly . He 's in a lot of jeopardy so we have to face that very quickly and not take too long before addressing it . EW : Since we 're talking about next season , what 's the theme ? And how are you going to play with this War reveal ? Goffman : Well , the idea of war , when you read it in the Bible , it 's not only bombs and troops . War is really man against man and turning against himself . So , really , what we 're going to be looking at in season 2 is how does having the horseman of War here in the Sleepy Hollow influence our town . EW : Are y' all looking to introduce any new characters next season ? Goffman : We actually do plan to introduce some new characters . One of the big goals , which goes along with the idea of war in Sleepy Hollow , is that we need to populate the town more . So we expect to build out and get to know more of the town of Sleepy Hollow and that will definitely mean bringing in some more characters . And some of them , I think , will be supernatural . EW : Let 's talk about Capt. Irving . We all love Orlando -LSB- Jones -RSB- . Can you talk to me about what 's coming up for his character ? Goffman : He 's innocent of the charges he confessed to , so I think we 're going to have to play out how he is able to get himself out of this situation because he 's confessed to two murders that he did n't do . And he has very special knowledge that only a small handful of people do about what 's happening in Sleepy Hollow . He 's very critical to our group , but he 's trapped in this situation with his family . But I think he 's very clever and he 's going to figure a way out . I hope . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- How ` Sleepy Hollow ' dreamed up Ichabod 's talk with the OnStar lady EW : You all had promised some deaths . Is it safe to say we 've seen the last of John Cho ? Goffman : Well , dead is not always gone on Sleepy Hollow . He 's so beloved and such a fantastic character . I really hope that he 's able to return . I think there 's still more to tell both in the past about his story with Abbie and I think there 's still some more that he can do as a character looking for reception but stuck because he sold his soul . I think there 's still some really fun stuff we can do with him . EW : Does Jenny count as a death ? I did n't see X 's on her eyes or anything . Goffman : We 'll have to find out . I certainly hope not . I 've loved the relationship that she and Abbie have developed over the season , and I think they still have some reconciliation . She 's also a critical part of the show . I 'm curious to find out what happens with her as well . EW : Last , I have to point this out -- but poor Ichabod went through a lot of trouble to get new clothes from those re-enactment people and he ended up getting buried in his brand new clothes . Goffman : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- That 's true . Maybe he should have stayed in the old one . EW : He should have worn the old one for traveling to Purgatory , of course ! But are you going to have more fun with his clothes next season ? Goffman : I think the re-enactment he went to , we did n't get to show it , but he actually bought a lot of clothes . They 're all still from the 18th century -- or at least costumes from the 18th century . But he 'll have a larger wardrobe to choose from next season , and now he knows where to shop . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Sleepy Hollow " wrapped up its first season with a twist-filled finale Executive producer Mark Goffman breaks down the cliffhanger Next season 's theme is going to focus on the horseman of war
New York  CNN  -- More than two-thousand college-bound students applying to Fordham University received an e-mail Wednesday night informing them they had been accepted to the school , when in fact their status was still unresolved , Fordham University says . "  Congratulations once again on your admission to Fordham , " the e-mail read . The e-mail was sent to thousands of prospective students who had applied for early admission to New York 's Fordham University , said Bob Howe , senior director of communications for Fordham . However , 2,500 of those newly accepted-to-Fordham students received congratulations in a financial aid related e-mail , which usually comes after a proper acceptance letter , Fordham University said in a statement . Fordham sent a correction e-mail later Wednesday evening and all applicants were able to check their admission status online by midday Thursday , according to the statement . Five-hundred were ultimately not admitted , while the rest were deferred until March or had incomplete applications , Howe said . Netta Walker , 17 , from Jacksonville , Florida , felt the same disappointment . Walker was wrongfully accepted to Fordham 's Lincoln Center campus as a musical theater major . "  The fact that they accepted me and then denied me was really painful , " Walker said . "  My dad was really upset about it . It was n't the fact that I was denied , it was the fact that they sent a denial after an acceptance . " "  My wife and I were there for our daughter . She still has opportunities . What if some poor kid out there thought this was their only opportunity and they had no one to help them ? It 's terrible , " said Netta 's father , Antonio Walker . The inaccurate e-mail was mistakenly sent by a member of Student Aid Services , a third-party company that serves as an undergraduate admission consultant to Fordham , said Mary Fallon , a Communications Consultant for Student Aid Services . Student Aid Services said the mistaken acceptances were a result of human error and there is no indication of a computer glitch that could lead to errors in any of the other 700 secondary schools it provides services , Fallon said . "  We are devastated by the error that has occurred today and extremely upset by the anguish that we have caused . Please accept our most sincere and heartfelt apologies , " Craig Carroll , CEO of Student Aid Services , wrote Wednesday evening . Fordham University said it "  deeply regrets that some applicants were misled by the financial aid notice " and "  is working with SAS to find out what went wrong , and will put procedures in place to ensure such a mistake does n't happen again . "	Fordham tells 2,500 applicants they 're in when their status is uncertain E-mail sent by a third party about financial aid mistakenly includes congratulations 500 not accepted , others are deferred until March or had incomplete applications
CNN  If there is one regional player that gained the most from America 's gamble in Iraq , it is Iran . With its invasion in 2003 , the United States ousted Tehran 's sworn enemy , Saddam Hussein , from power . Then Washington helped install a Shiite government for the first time in Iraq 's modern history . As U.S. troops became mired in fighting an insurgency and containing a civil war , Iran extended its influence over all of Iraq 's major Shiite factions . Today , the Iranian regime is moving to exert influence beyond its Iraqi proxies , and is comfortable taking overt military action . There is no one to restrain Tehran , and the rise of ISIS , which views Shiites as apostates , threatens the interests of all Iraqi Shiite factions and of the Iranian regime . In late November , Iranian warplanes launched several airstrikes against targets in eastern Iraq , pushing back ISIS militants who had neared a self-declared "  buffer zone " that Iran established along the border . It was the latest example of how Iran is expanding its military and political influence in Iraq , a country wracked by a complex civil war that leaves it open to outside manipulation . Iraq is at the center of several regional proxy battles : Iran is heavily involved in shaping Iraqi policy , while ISIS represents spillover from the Syrian civil war next door . The militant group is also a byproduct of the Gulf Arab states that support Sunni jihadists in both Syria and Iraq . And the United States is bombing ISIS and other jihadist groups in Iraq and Syria . Opinion : Iran 's hypocrisy in condemning U.S. . The Iranian regime has several concerns : Iraq provides strategic depth and a buffer against Saudi Arabia and other Sunni Arab states that are competing with Iran for dominance over the Persian Gulf . More broadly , Tehran wants to ensure that Iraq never again poses an existential threat to Iranian interests , as Saddam did when he invaded Iran in 1980 , instigating the eight-year Iran-Iraq war that devastated both countries . Saddam was supported by the Sunni Arab states and most Western powers .  The Shiites are the majority in Iraq , but since its independence in 1932 , the country had been ruled by the Sunni minority until the U.S. invasion in 2003 .  Iran will do whatever is necessary to keep a friendly , Shiite-led government in power in Baghdad . The long game Iran has excelled at playing the long game , especially in Iraq . Iran 's willingness to spread money around to various proxies and factions gave it great agility in maneuvering through Iraqi politics . Soon after the U.S. invasion , Tehran reached out to the Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr -- who was an early critic of Iranian meddling in Iraq -- and financed his growing militia and social service networks . One diplomatic cable sent by U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill to officials at the State Department in November 2009 estimated that Tehran 's financial assistance to its Iraqi surrogates ranged from $ 100 million to $ 200 million a year . Iran also was willing to invest across sectarian lines : "  The IRIG  Islamic Republic of Iran Government  recognizes that influence in Iraq requires operational  and at times ideological  flexibility , " Ambassador Hill pointed out in his cable . "  As a result , it is not uncommon for the IRIG to finance and support competing Shia , Kurdish , and to some extent , Sunni entities , with the aim of developing the Iraqi body politic 's dependency on Tehran 's largesse . " Like Iraq 's other neighbors , Iran helped fuel and prolong the Iraqi insurgency and civil war . The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps financed , armed and trained numerous Shiite militias that targeted U.S. troops and Iraq 's Sunni community . The Iranians provided rockets , explosives , machine guns , sniper rifles , rocket-propelled grenades and other small arms . They also brought Iraqi militiamen to Iran to be trained in the use of explosives and as snipers . The United States helped Iraq 's Shiite factions compromise on Nuri al-Maliki as prime minister in 2006 . As he struggled to remain in power , he became more dependent on Iran . He grew more repressive and authoritarian , using the Iraqi security forces to intimidate political rivals and exclude Sunnis from power . For Iran , Maliki was a reliable ally , who allowed Iranian flights over Iraqi territory to transport weapons and manpower to shore up Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria after a popular uprising in 2011 . Maliki also allowed thousands of Iraqi Shiites to cross the border and fight alongside the Syrian regime . Since ISIS swept through northern Iraq in June , Tehran has mobilized to protect the Shiite-led government from the Sunni militant threat . General Qassim Suleimani , commander of the Quds Force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , traveled to Baghdad at the start of the crisis to coordinate the defense of the capital with Iraqi politicians and military officials . He also directed Iranian-trained Shiite militias -- including the Badr Brigade and the League of the Righteous , two notorious militias responsible for widespread atrocities against Sunnis -- in the fight against ISIS . With a weakened and corrupt Iraqi military , the militias have proven crucial in stopping ISIS ' advance . When Iraq 's political elite finally agreed in August to replace the divisive and sectarian Maliki as Prime Minister , the Iranian leadership -- along with the United States and most Western powers -- threw their weight behind his successor , Haider al-Abadi . Like Maliki , he is a leader of the Dawa Party , a Shiite Islamist group supported by Iran . In recent months , U.S. officials say , Tehran has provided tons of military equipment to the Iraqi security forces and has been secretly directing surveillance drones from an air base in Baghdad . Iran has also sent hundreds of its Quds Force fighters to train Iraqi forces and coordinate their actions . But last month was the first time that Iran used its fighter jets to directly bomb ISIS targets inside Iraq , striking in eastern Diyala province where the fighting neared the Iranian border . Iranian officials have slowly acknowledged their covert operations inside Iraq . "  Iran has helped Iraq in an advisory role and has quickly organized Iraqi militias , " Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh , commander of the Revolutionary Guards ' Aerospace Forces , told the Fars News Agency in September . "  Were it not for Iran , the Islamic State would have taken over Iraqi Kurdistan . " In late December , a Revolutionary Guards commander , Brigadier General Hamid Taqavi , was killed by a sniper in the Iraqi city of Samarra while he was training Iraqi troops and Shiite militia fighters . Taqavi was the highest-ranking Iranian official to be killed in Iraq since the Iran-Iraq war . Thousands of Revolutionary Guards gathered for his funeral in Tehran on Dec. 28 , where Ali Shamkhani , head of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council , told mourners : If "  people like Taqavi do not shed their blood in Samarra , then we would shed our blood " within Iran . Iraqi leaders warned that as long as the United States did not provide military assistance , they had no choice but to ask Iran for more help . "  When Baghdad was threatened , the Iranians did not hesitate to help us , " Abadi , the Iraqi prime minister , said in a recent television interview in Baghdad . He noted that unlike Iran , the United States "  hesitated to help us when Baghdad was in danger , and hesitated to help our security forces . And the reason Iran did not hesitate to help us was because they consider ISIS as a threat to them , not only to us . " The proxy wars Today 's Middle East was shaped by several proxy wars that unfolded over the past decade . In Iraq , neighboring Sunni regimes backed Sunni militants , while Iran supported Maliki 's Shiite-led government and Shiite militias . In Lebanon , an alliance between Washington and authoritarian Sunni Arab regimes -- Egypt , Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries -- backed a Sunni-led government against Hezbollah , a Shiite militia funded by Iran . And in the Palestinian territories , Iran supported the militant Hamas , while the United States and its Arab allies backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah movement . When various Middle Eastern regimes realized that America would lose its war in Iraq , they began maneuvering to protect their interests and to gain something out of the American defeat . Saudi Arabia , which viewed Iraq as a bulwark against Iranian influence , tried to undermine the Shiite-led government in Baghdad . The ruling Al-Saud dynasty views itself as the rightful leader of the Muslim world , but Iran has challenged that leadership for several decades . Although Saudi Arabia has a Sunni majority , its rulers fear Iran 's potential influence over a sizable and sometimes-restive Shiite population concentrated in the kingdom 's oil-rich Eastern Province . In Bahrain  another American ally in the Gulf  , the Shiite majority is chafing under Sunni rulers who also fear Iran 's reach . Through a combination of funding , training for militias and political support , Iran will continue to extend its influence over the major Shiite groups in Iraq . Maliki did not start out as beholden to Iran , but as he struggled to remain in power , he became more dependent on Tehran . Even if Abadi , the new Prime Minister , has shown signs that he wants to be closer to the West , he needs Iranian support to keep his government in power . More broadly , the United States and Iran now share common interests in defeating ISIS and maintaining a stable regime in Baghdad that can transcend sectarian conflicts . The Obama administration and Tehran insist that they are not coordinating directly in Iraq , but they essentially have an undeclared alliance . Washington has been looking the other way as Iran increased its military involvement over the past six months . Without committing far more U.S. troops and resources , there is little that the Obama administration can do to contain Iranian power in Iraq . Iran has many levers to maintain its influence over Iraq . It will not hesitate to use them , even if that means taking on a deeper military role in a civil war that has no end in sight .	Mohamad Bazzi says Iran is free to exercise power in vacuum created by fall of Saddam Hussein He says Iran is expanding its influence in Iraq , partly to counter ISIS
A tiny device that can recharge cell phone batteries in as little as 30 seconds won 18-year-old Eesha Khare a major science award that will help fund her college education at Harvard University . Khare traveled from her California home to Phoenix last week for the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair , where her invention was honored as one of two winners of Young Scientist Awards . "  I 'm in a daze . I ca n't believe this happened , " Khare , a senior at Lynbrook High School in Saratoga , told CNN affiliate KPIX 5 . Khare 's device , a black , rectangular type of supercapacitor just over an inch long , can charge a cell phone battery in 20 to 30 seconds , she said . "  I developed a new supercapacitor , which is basically an energy storage device which can hold a lot of energy in a small amount of volume , " she told KPIX 5 . The technology may also be able to speed up charging of automobile batteries , she said . A videotape of the award ceremony showed an ecstatic Khare trotting up to the stage when her name was announced in Phoenix , then standing with other winners as the audience at the fair applauded and confetti fell on them . The award includes a $ 50,000 prize that will come in handy when Khare heads to Harvard in the fall , she told KPIX 5 . With a laugh , she predicted that "  I will be setting the world on fire . " In announcing the winners of what it billed as the "  world 's largest high school research competition , " Intel cited Khare for recognizing "  the crucial need for energy-efficient storage devices " as the world rapidly adopts portable electronics . The other winner of a Young Scientist Award with Khare was Henry Lin of Shreveport , Louisiana , who received a $ 50,000 prize for "  simulating thousands of clusters of galaxies " to allow scientists to "  better understand the mysteries of astrophysics : dark matter , dark energy and the balance of heating and cooling in the universe 's most massive objects , " the Intel statement said . The top prize at the fair went to 19-year-old Ionut Budisteanu of Romania , who used "  artificial intelligence to create a viable model for a low-cost , self-driving car , " according to an Intel statement . He received the Gordon E. Moore Award , named after the Intel co-founder , which includes a $ 75,000 prize . According to Intel , more than 1,500 young scientists from around the world were chosen to compete in last week 's fair .	California teenager is heading to Harvard after winning a science prize Eesha Khare developed a tiny supercapacitor to speed battery charging Her device could be used for automobile batteries in the future , she said "  I will be setting the world on fire , " Khare says
CNN  -- Imprisoned former Peruvian leader Alberto Fujimori wo n't receive a pardon because the nation 's president determined that he does not have a terminal illness , officials said Friday . President Ollanta Humala made the decision for that reason and the fact that one of the charges Fujimori , 74 , was convicted of can not be pardoned , the country 's justice minister announced . In October , family members requested a humanitarian pardon for Fujimori , saying he should be released from prison because of health problems . He is serving four concurrent sentences , the longest of which is 25 years , for corruption and human rights abuses . Fujimori underwent surgery September 19 for a recurring lesion in his tongue and returned to the clinic nine days later because of problems with scarring of the wound , the state-run Andina news agency reported at the time . 2011 : Longtime Peruvian fugitive turns himself in Family members say the ex-president , who has suffered from mouth cancer , will die if he remains a prisoner . Human rights activists have said that granting a pardon to the former strongman would be an insult to victims of his regime , Andina reported . 2009 : Ex-Peruvian president sentenced for giving spy chief $ 15 million Fujimori is a polarizing figure in Peru , the country he led from 1990 to 2000 . His strong hand is credited with defeating the Shining Path terrorists who destabilized the country , and his austere economic policies reined in hyperinflation . But stability had a cost , which in his case was an authoritarian streak that included the killing of civilians . After winning a third term whose constitutionality was challenged , he was finally brought down by an Andean-sized corruption scandal . In 2009 , a special supreme court tribunal sentenced the former president to 25 years in prison for authorizing the operation of a death squad responsible for killing civilians . In separate trials , Fujimori was found guilty of breaking into the home of a former spy chief to steal incriminating videos , taking money from the government treasury to pay the spy chief , authorizing illegal wiretaps and bribing congressmen and journalists . 2009 : Former Peruvian president sentenced to fourth prison term	Family members argued Alberto Fujimori should be released for medical reasons They filed a request for a humanitarian pardon Country 's current president turned them down
Rolling Stone  -- California-based promotions company Goldenvoice is threatening to move one of its biggest events , the annual Coachella festival , out of Indio if the city goes through with a proposed admissions tax , according to the Desert Sun . The report comes after the newspaper obtained a series of text messages in which Goldenvoice vice president Skip Paige told an Indio official about the plans to move Coachella and also its country music festival , Stagecoach , from the city . "  If the tax initiative of putting $ 4 million to $ 6 million onto Coachella gets on the ballot , " Goldenvoice president Paul Tollett told the Sun , "  we 're going to take off -LSB- in -RSB- 2014 ; 2015 we 'll be at a new facility outside of Indio . " The 5 - to 10-percent tax on admissions for events of more than 2,500 people was initially proposed by City Councilman Sam Torres , who believes that the cost would add an average of $ 18 to each ticket . Torres belives this would generate $ 4 million for Indio , which recently had to cut almost $ 4 million from its budget through layoffs and leaves of absence . Tollett , however , estimated that the tax would make tickets approximately $ 36 more expensive , a cost he did not want to make festivalgoers pay ; the tax , then , would cost Goldenvoice an extra $ 4 to $ 6 million . After his initial measure was turned down by the City Council , Torres is now leading a petition drive to get the measure on the ballot in November . Approximately 2,700 Indio residents would have to sign the petition for it to go forward . It was Torres who forwarded the texts that Paige sent him to the Desert Sun . The texts indicated that Goldenvoice was already planning on moving the two festivals out of Indio . One read , "  You know were moving right ? All this is a game . Why in the world would we stay where we are not wanted . " -LSB- SIC -RSB- While Tollett said he could n't respond to the texts because he had not seen them , he noted that some excerpts -- like one about how Goldenvoice decided to move two years ago -- were misleading . He did acknowledge that Goldenvoice had attempted to buy the Eldorado Polo Club just down the road from the current site of the Empire Polo Club , not the Empire Polo Club as Paige 's text read . "  We 've spent money on options for new venues , " Tollett told the Desert Sun . "  I regret that , but I had to . There 's too much uncertainty . In any other place , this festival would have had a long-term deal . We have it with the venues . With the city , it 's been this year-to-year thing . " While Paige 's texts indicate that Goldenvoice has n't had any meetings with Indio city officials to discuss a long-term deal "  because there is n't one , " Indio mayor Glenn Miller said otherwise . City Manager Dan Martinez added that negotiations wo n't be able to begin until the city knows what will happen with the tax proposal as well as Goldenvoice 's possible purchase of Eldorado . While both Tollett and Empire owner Alex Haagen III say they want to keep the festivals where they are , they ca n't ignore the effects that Torres ' proposed measure would have . Before any decisions are made , they 'll have to see how many signatures Torres ' petition gets . "  Sam , his slogan should be , ' I want to turn the city of festivals into the city of festival ' â $ " the Tamale Festival , which is free , " said Tollett . "  That 's what he 's doing . That 's his legacy . " While Coachella 2014 remains uncertain , dates for next year 's festival have already been set for April 12th-14th and April 19th-21st . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Coachella Festival may be in a new location next year The Desert Sun reports organizers are upset over a proposed tax Plans for Coachella 2014 remain uncertain
CNN  -- Many of us find money in our couch . A few quarters here and a few dimes there . If we 're lucky , maybe enough to buy a drink . Imagine finding enough to buy a small coffee stand . Three New York roommates , investigating the cause of their thrift-store couch 's lumpiness , discovered $ 41,000 hidden in envelopes tucked in the old sofa . Lara Russo said she and roommate Reese Werkhoven were sitting on the couch , watching a Harry Potter movie , when he unzipped one of the cushions to see what was making it uncomfortable and found a small package . "  It was just in a bubble-wrap container , " Werkhoven told "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  We were like , ` Oh , my God . This might be drugs , it might be money ; we 're getting scared about it . " It was money , a stack of $ 100 bills an inch and a half high . The two started "  freaking out " and went into a bedroom to show Cally Guasti . Her first impulse was to lock the doors in case it was drug money and the owner wanted it back . The roommates found more envelopes in the couch , which they had bought at the Salvation Army for $ 20 . One of the envelopes had a name on it . Like many a wise man , Werkhoven turned to his mother for advice . She investigated the name and texted her son a phone number to call . He said he hung up the first time when an older woman answered . He called back , according to CNN affiliate WCBS , and told the woman he had "  found something that I think is yours . " What is it ? she asked . A couch . "  Oh my God , I left a lot of money in that couch , " the woman told Werkhoven . The woman told the roommates that family members had mistakenly donated the couch , where she had been stashing the loot . "  This was her life savings , and she actually said something really beautiful like , ` This is my husband looking down on me , and this was supposed to happen , ' " Guasti told WCBS . Russo said at first they played around with the idea of what to do with the money , but the thought of buying new stuff gave way to doing the right thing . "  I think all of us were under the understanding that even if we spent it , we would n't feel good about it , " she told CNN . "  We would have felt we took something that was not ours . It did n't make sense -- it was her money , she deserved it . " According to WCBS , the woman , who wants to remain anonymous , gave the roommates a reward of $ 1,000 . They did n't rush out and get a new couch . After all , this one might smell , but it is pretty lucky . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Three roommates bought a couch at the Salvation Army for $ 20 It seemed lumpy , so one of them unzipped a cushion to check out what was inside $ 41,000 ! $ 41,000 ! $ 41,000 ! ` If we spent the money , we would n't feel good about it , ' one roomie says
CNN  -- Another day , another record broken . Lionel Messi must sometimes wonder what all the fuss is about but to those in the outside world who remain permanently entranced by the genius contained within his feet , it was another opportunity to unleash a barrage of superlatives towards a football phenomenon . Just days after breaking the record for the top scorer in Spanish football history , Messi went one further , establishing himself as the leading marksman in the history of the European Champions League . Messi scored a hat-trick for Barcelona in its 4-0 victory against Apoel Nicosia in Cyprus on Wednesday to take his tally to 74 goals in 91 appearances . Raul , who scored 71 goals in 142 appearances , was unlikely to hold onto his record for much longer with Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo rewriting the history books . Messi , who began the night level with Raul , required 38 minutes to break the record before adding a couple more for good measure later on . He now sits three clear of Ronaldo , who will hope to feature for Real against Swiss side Basel on Wednesday night . It is easy to forget that Messi is only 27 . This latest landmark is just one in a number which he has reached in recent years . The Barcelona forward , whose future at the club has come under some question in recent weeks , hit the headlines last weekend by scoring a hat-trick in the 5-1 win over Sevilla . Telmo Zarra 's record of 251 Spanish league goals had stood for 59-years but it would take a brave person to bet against Messi 's remaining longer . Messi 's record of 253 will no doubt be extended in years to come as will his exploits in the Champions League . The forward has scored 368 goals in all competitions for Barcelona so far , while he registered 91 times during an incredible 2012 -- beating the previous best of 85 in a calendar year by Gerd Muller . The 2011-12 campaign was one of Messi 's most successful as he scored 68 goals , 50 of those coming in just 37 league games , 44 with his left foot and just one with his head . Messi , who won the prestigious Ballon d'Or four times between 2009-12 , netted in 21 consecutive league matches last season which enabled him to score against every other club in the Spanish top flight . With his team safely through to the next stage of the competition , Messi will hope to inspire Barcelona to Champions League glory following a disappointing campaign last year . One man who is eager to help Messi achieve the feat is Luis Suarez , who scored his first goal for the club since joining from Liverpool . Suarez scored the opening goal in Cyprus before Messi took over , scoring three times to secure the win . Barcelona sits second in its group , a point behind Paris Saint-Germain , which defeated Ajax 3-1 to remain top . Awesome Aguero Messi was n't the only Argentina striker to hit a hat-trick on Wednesday as Sergio Aguero 's triple propelled Manchester City to a 3-2 win over Bayern Munich . Trailing 2-1 to 10-man Bayern , Aguero scored twice in the final five minutes of the contest to keep his side 's qualification hopes alive . Bayern , which is already through to the knockout phase , suffered a nightmare start when Mehdi Benatia was sent off for a professional foul on Aguero . The forward stroked home the penalty as City took control only to be knocked out of its stride before the break . Xabi Alonso 's free kick drew Bayern level and Robert Lewandowski added a second just before the break . City looked down and out but Aguero 's late heroics ensured City can still qualify for the next stage . That 's because AS Roma was held to a 1-1 draw by CSKA in Moscow . Francesco Totti rifled home a free kick for the Italian side which was pegged back in the final minute of stoppage time . Roma will qualify for the next stage if it defeats City , while the English club can progress with a victory or a score draw if CSKA loses . CSKA must win at Bayern and hope that the other game finishes level . In Group G , Chelsea secured top spot with a 5-0 thrashing of Schalke in Germany . John Terry fired the visiting side ahead before Willian doubled its advantage . An own-goal by Jan Kirchoff made it three before Didier Drogba and Ramires completed the humiliation . In Group H , Porto ensured it will finish top with a 3-0 win at Bate Borisov , while Shakhtar was beaten 1-0 by Athletic Bilbao .	Lionel Messi becomes top scorer in Champions League history Barcelona star scores hat-trick against Apoel Nicosia Messi broke the previous 71-goal record held by Raul Luis Suarez scores first goal for Barcelona
CNN Student News  -- April 8 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan • Thailand • North Korea • Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Bringing you 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines from across the U.S. and around the world . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Coal Mine AZUZ : "  The rescue teams are prepared . They 're charged up and ready to go . " That is what the governor of West Virginia said yesterday as efforts got going to reach miners trapped by an explosion . The plan was to drill multiple holes down into the mine to help clear out dangerous gases . But later in the day , an official said that samples taken from inside the mine showed that those gas levels were still too dangerous to allow rescuers to go inside . 31 people were working in the Upper Big Branch South Mine when Monday 's blast happened . At least 25 were killed ; two were hospitalized ; the other four may still be trapped . This is , of course , a developing story . To get the latest details on it , head over to CNN.com . Hurricane Prediction AZUZ : Well , the predictions are in for this year 's Atlantic hurricane season , and the forecast : above average . The season starts on June 1st , lasts through the end of November . Here 's a look at the prediction for this year versus an average year . Storms are assigned a name when they reach a certain intensity . Experts are forecasting that we 'll have 15 named storms . A typical season has 11 . Of those 15 , the prediction is that 8 will turn into hurricanes , and four of those will become major hurricanes . An average year has six hurricanes , including two major storms . Now , the people who make these predictions point out they are just preliminary . Another one is scheduled to come out on June 2nd . Budget Crisis AZUZ : Over on the west coast of the country , the city of Los Angeles is facing a major budget problem . In fact , one official called it the most urgent financial crisis in the city 's recent history . L.A. 's mayor , Antonio Villaraigosa , has an idea to help . ANTONIO VILLARAIGOSA , LOS ANGELES MAYOR : I 'm asking the CAO to develop a plan to shut down all general-funded city services , with the exception of public safety and revenue-generating positions , for two days per week beginning the week of April 12th . AZUZ : That means this plan could go into effect on Monday . The mayor said there are no simple ways to solve the budget crisis . But he added , "  we can no longer wait . We must act now . " As you might guess , some people are opposed to the mayor 's plan , including a company that represents thousands of city employees . It says the plan would threaten services and people 's lives . In its current financial situation , Los Angeles is facing a possible $ 10 million deficit by the start of May . I.D. Me MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a country that 's located in Central Asia . I was part of the former Soviet Union , but I gained my independence in 1991 . My capital city is Bishkek , and most of my people speak Kyrgyz . I 'm Kyrgyzstan , and I 'm home to nearly 5.5 million people . Kyrgyzstan Protests AZUZ : Some of you might not have heard of Kyrgyzstan . The country is an ally of the United States . In fact , the U.S. has a military base there that 's an important part of getting supplies to Afghanistan . That 's part of the reason why the U.S. is paying attention to what 's going on in Kyrgyzstan right now : protests against the government . They 're taking place all across the central Asian country , and some of them have turned violent . You can see one in this video that was posted on YouTube . The government has declared a state of emergency . According to reports , fighting between demonstrators and police in the capital city of Bishkek caused at least 40 deaths . Around 400 other people were injured . Kyrgyzstan has experienced a lot of political tension for years . Some of these protesters are pushing for anti-government leaders to be let out of jail . A few have been released and were reportedly going to meet with government officials . Other nations and groups , including the U.S , United Nations and Russia , are urging both sides to settle the situation peacefully . Thailand Protests AZUZ : A somewhat similar situation is happening southeast of there in Thailand , where protesters are speaking out against that country 's government . These demonstrations have been going on for weeks . The country 's prime minister declared a state of emergency there yesterday , sent a helicopter to pick up some officials after protesters broke into Thailand 's parliament building . They stayed there for a few hours and then regrouped at their usual meeting spots . The demonstrators -- they 're called "  Red Shirts " -- they 're supporters of Thailand 's former prime minister . He was removed from office in 2006 and left the country in 2008 while he was facing corruption charges . The Red Shirts want him back , and they want the current prime minister to call for elections . The country 's leader says these protests are a violation of Thailand 's constitution . Sentenced AZUZ : North Korea has sentenced an American citizen to eight years of hard labor for entering North Korea illegally . Back in January , Aijalon Mahli Gomes crossed over the border from China to North Korea . That 's why he was arrested . Crossing the border without permission is against the law there . The United States does n't have any official relations with North Korea , but some people are asking the U.S. government to try to get Gomes released . Brazil Flooding AZUZ : Moving over to South America now , where firefighters in Brazil are trying to rescue victims of this : mudslides and severe flooding caused by heavy rains . Almost a foot of rain fell on Rio de Janeiro in one day . Nearly 300 people had been rescued by Tuesday , but officials said the severe weather had killed more than 100 others , and there are some people who are still trapped . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Dendrology is the study of what ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Trees , B  Caves , C  Teeth or D  Living rooms ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A dendrologist studies trees . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Learning the Ropes AZUZ : The city of New York is on a mission to plant a million trees over the next decade , and some folks your age are helping out . It 's not training them for a career in dendrology . But as Richard Roth explains , the potential benefits of taking part in the program could help these teens branch out in the future . BEGIN VIDEO RICHARD ROTH , CNN UNITED NATIONS CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : Bronx teenager Fabian Vasquez comes home after a day of hanging with his friends . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Headache ! Headache ! ROTH : They were hanging sixty feet in the air . It 's all part of New York City 's Million Trees Training Program . ADRIAN BENEPE , NYC PARKS COMMISSIONER : It 's an effort to take kids known as disconnected youth , connect them with employment possibilities , connect them with the environment . So in essence , it 's a combination environmental program and jobs program . ROTH : More than thirty young adults participate , learning urban forestry and nature restoration . New York City branching out with with non-profit groups and agencies for funding and instructors . MARK CHISHOLM , TREE PROFESSIONAL : My rule of thumb is four times whatever this diameter is , is what you want . ROTH : Fabian is learning the ropes from a world champion climber and tree professional . CHISHOLM : When you start dealing with the trees , you got ta know species of trees , how to identify hazards in a tree , determine whether it 's safe to climb at all or work in , what the tree may need . There 's just so many different avenues that they have to become proficient at , that I find that most people really enjoy the fact that they never get bored with it . ROTH : And while tree climbing is physically demanding , it 's the mental and emotional challenges that initially need to be overcome . BESHION BAILEY , MILLION TREES TRAINEE : I was scared , I was scared . I told them I could n't do it . That 's the one thing they kept on saying : "  Stop saying you couldnt , stop saying you could n't , you can . " And that 's what they did , is take me out of my comfort zone . And look at me now , going up , how much , eighty , ninety feet . ROTH : They have to stay alert on the streets of New York , and especially ninety feet up . FABIAN VASQUEZ , MILLION TREES TRAINEE : Limb walking , especially right now with this weather , it 's kind of windy and stuff , you be limb walking on a limb and it would be shaking and stuff . It is really easy to fall , so you have to be careful where you put your foot at . Any slip , you could just fall so , you always have to be concentrating on what you are doing . You ca n't be thinking about the stuff outside work . To do this , you always got to keep your mind on this . Everything else is just going to mess you up . ROTH : But does a city known for its asphalt jungle need to train its citizens for green jobs ? BRIAN AUCOIN , NEW YORK PARKS DEPARTMENT : Our city parks department manages nearly 30,000 acres of parkland . 12,000 of those acres are undeveloped and naturalized . And with our Million Trees initiative , you know , planting a million trees we need a skilled workforce . ROTH : Climbing trees , a first step to rising to the top in a green career . Richard Roth , CNN , New York . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , a tasty tradition for baseball 's opening day . It is Milwaukee 's annual sausage race ! The mascots are all different kinds of sausage , but this relay links them together . It 's kind of nice to see that kind of teamwork . I mean , no one 's being a brat . They all deserve a pattie on the back . Of course , all this entertainment is for the fans . They really get into it , especially when the last guy crosses the finish line . Goodbye AZUZ : I mean , seriously , you never sau-sage a cheer . Hot dog ! You guys have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out the forecast for this year 's Atlantic hurricane season Learn about political protests taking place in two Asian countries Hang out with New York teens who learn job skills 60 feet in the air Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- A United Nations panel investigating alleged war crimes in the Sri Lankan conflict has found credible evidence that the military shelled civilians in no-fire zones and sought to silence critics in brutal fashion , according to the panel 's report , leaked to a Sri Lankan newspaper . The report contradicts claims by the Sri Lankan government that it adopted a policy of "  zero civilian casualties " in the final stages of its bloody 25-year battle with the Tamil rebels . "  The government shelled on a large scale in three consecutive no-fire zones , where it had encouraged the civilian population to concentrate , even after indicating that it would cease the use of heavy weapons , " according to the report , published last week on the website of the newspaper , The Island . "  It shelled the United Nations hub , food distribution lines and near the International Committee of the Red Cross ships that were coming to pick up the wounded and their relatives from the beaches . It shelled in spite of its knowledge of the impact . ... Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling . " The Sri Lankan government denounced the report as "  fundamentally flawed . " A statement from the Ministry of External Affairs said that "  among other deficiencies , the report is based on patently biased material , which is presented without any verification . " President Mahinda Rajapaksa has said he will turn a planned May Day rally into a protest against the United Nations . U.N. officials would not comment on the leaked report , but spokesman Farhan Haq said the published portions are accurate . "  They are incomplete , they 're certainly not the full report , but they are accurate renditions of things that appear in the text , " he said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed the three-member panel last year to advise him on accountability issues relating to alleged human rights violations during the final stages of the Sri Lankan war , which ended in May 2009 . The panel found both sides accountable for serious war crimes . The report says the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , who fought fiercely to secure an independent state for minority Tamils , "  refused civilians permission to leave , using them as hostages , at times even using their presence as a strategic human buffer between themselves and the advancing Sri Lanka army . "  All of this was done in a quest to pursue a war that was clearly lost ; many civilians were sacrificed on the altar of the LTTE cause and its efforts to preserve its senior leadership , " the report says . The government , the report says , "  systematically shelled hospitals on the frontlines . " It also "  systematically deprived people in the conflict zone of humanitarian aid , in the form of food and medical supplies , particularly surgical supplies , adding to their suffering . To this end , it purposely underestimated the number of civilians who remained in the conflict zone . Tens of thousands lost their lives from January to May 2009 , many of whom died anonymously in the carnage of the final few days . " The report also is critical of government soldiers ' screening of civilians in their hunt for rebels . Sometimes , it says , those who were singled out as suspects were summarily executed . "  If proven , those most responsible , including Sri Lanka Army commanders and senior government officials , as well as military and civilian LTTE leaders , would bear criminal liability for international crimes , " the report says . Sri Lanka 's long and bloody conflict devastated nearly two-thirds of the population in its northern and eastern provinces . As many as 70,000 people were killed .	The panel finds that the military shelled civilians in no-fire zones The government denounces the report , which was leaked to a newspaper The report says both the government and the rebels committed war crimes The government fought a long and bloody battle with the Tamil Tigers
Four militants and three Russian security force members were killed Wednesday in a shootout in the Russian republic of Dagestan , Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported , citing anti-terror officials . The shootout came amid an anti-terror operation at a house in the Dagestan village of Karlanyurt , the officials told RIA Novosti . At least five officers were also injured in the shootout , the agency added . The confrontation , news of which spread first on Twitter , came as Russian security forces have tried to address security concerns before next month 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , about a 13-hour drive west of Karlanyurt . It also comes amid years of unrest and an Islamist insurgency in the North Caucasus region . Concerns about security in Russia were heightened after twin bombings on public transit that killed more than 30 people in the southern city of Volgograd at the end of last month . Security tightened With weeks to go until the games begin , a huge security operation has swung into gear around Sochi . A special exclusion zone went into force last week , under which only Sochi-marked vehicles , emergency transport or specially accredited intelligence service cars will be allowed into the wider Sochi area . Air traffic and sea access will be restricted , and everyone going into the zone will have to go through heavy security and identity checks . Russia is pouring huge resources into ensuring that the Games , seen as a flagship project of President Vladimir Putin , go off without incident . No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks in Volgograd , but suspicion has fallen on Chechen separatist groups . A bitter battle for an independent Chechnya , lasting almost two decades , spawned an insurgency that has spilled into neighboring republics in the North Caucasus region , including Dagestan . Chechen warlord Doku Umarov , leader of the Islamist Caucasus Emirate group , last summer called on his followers to do what they could to disrupt the Games . He says they will be held on the graves of Muslim occupants of Sochi , who he says were driven out by Russian imperial forces in the 19th century . Despite the shock waves from the Volgograd attack , International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach said he was confident that Russia would keep the Winter Olympics safe .	The clash occurred at a house in the Dagestan village of Karlanyurt , RIA Novosti reports It says at least 5 officers were injured in the clash , which came amid an anti-terror operation Russia has been trying to address security concerns before the Winter Olympics Security fears have been heightened after bombings in Volgograd last month
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- Peasants in eastern Paraguay opened fire Friday on police trying to evict them from private property , initiating a clash that ended with at least 17 dead , local authorities and state-run media said . The violence occurred in Curuguaty , a remote community about 240 kilometers  150 miles  northeast of the Paraguayan capital of Asuncion near the Brazilian border . About 300 law enforcement officers arrived Friday morning to serve the order when some of the approximately 100 farmers who had been occupying the land illegally for more than a month began shooting at them , authorities said . Curuguaty Hospital director Gustavo Gonzalez told the state-run Paraguay Agency of Public Information that seven policemen and more than 10 farmers were killed . About 80 more police and civilians were wounded and were receiving medical treatment , Gonzalez added . Three of the police officers were flown to Asuncion for treatment , the official news agency said . Authorities did not detail the number of civilians killed , but they did confirm the deaths of seven police , including the chief and deputy chief of the national police 's special operations unit . "  The police entered and tried to get the people to leave , to get out of the place , " Interior Minister Carlos Filizzola told Telefuturo . "  There were shots against the police and , well , from there a confrontation was produced . " Police said the peasants had been camping on land owned by Blas Riquelme , a businessman and politician active in the South American nation 's Colorado Party . But Jose Rodriguez , the leader of the "  tent people " -- so named because they live in tents , told Radio Nacional that the peasants were on public lands that Riquelme had acquired illegally . Rodriguez lamented the loss of life , but said the peasant leaders did not order the attack on police . He added that the institutions of government do n't work and there is a need for agrarian reform . After the incident , President Fernando Lugo sent soldiers to the zone . "  All the resources of government security and strategic air are working at this moment to restore calm and tranquility to this region of the country , " he said . "  I have ordered the armed forces to develop their specific mission in support of the police operation . " In a special session , the House of Representatives observed a minute of silence in honor of the dead , the Agency of Public Information reported . Journalist Sanie Lopez in Asuncion and Marilia Brocchetto in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Authorities try to evict peasants camping in east Paraguay Peasants open fire , leading to 10 civilian and 7 police deaths , a hospital official says The chief of the national police 's special operations unit is among those killed , police say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli airstrikes pounded targets in Gaza , killing scores of people Wednesday as dozens of militant rockets streaked into Israel . The continued Hamas barrage prompted Israel 's Prime Minister to step up the offensive against the militant group . "  The operation will be expanded and will continue until the firing at our communities stops and quiet is restored , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . He did not detail what the expansion would entail but said Israel 's military "  is prepared for all possibilities . " President Shimon Peres , whose role is largely ceremonial and is not involved in setting policy , said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Becky Anderson that he believed a ground offensive "  may happen quite soon " unless Hamas stops firing rockets at Israel . "  We warned them . We asked them to stop it , " Peres told Anderson . "  We waited one day , two days , three days and they continued , and they spread their fire on more areas in Israel . " While Peres was speaking on his own and his position may not outline an official government policy , Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz earlier told CNN that a ground operation "  might become necessary . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , meanwhile , convened an emergency meeting of his Cabinet to discuss the crisis . "  This war is not against Hamas or another political party but it is against the Palestinian people , " he told the media afterward . "  What do you call this crime ? What is this crime known under international law ? To kill entire families , is this collective punishment ? "  This is called collective genocide . " A Hamas spokesman , Sami Abu Zuhri , said Israel 's threat to launch a "  stupid " ground offensive did n't scare anyone , and fighters from Hamas ' military wing were ready to face off with Israel 's "  coward " soldiers in Gaza . More deaths in Gaza The comments came as the death toll rose in Gaza , where the Israel Defense Forces had struck at 550 Hamas targets since launching its offensive Monday . The IDF said the targets included 60 rocket launchers , 31 tunnels and the homes of 11 senior Hamas leaders , which the IDF described as "  command centers . " At least 61 Palestinians have been killed and more than 550 injured in the airstrikes , according to Palestinian medical sources and Health Ministry officials . Among the dead were eight women and 11 children , including an 18-month-old baby and an 80-year-old woman , according to a list provided by Palestinian medical sources and Health Ministry officials . In one airstrike Wednesday , two children and their mother were among five people killed when Israeli forces targeted their house . Some members of the family are believed to have links to Hamas , Palestinian security sources said . A driver for a Gaza news agency was killed Wednesday night when an Israeli missile hit his car , witness told CNN . Three people were wounded , witnesses said . The IDF said it uses phone calls and drops empty shells on roofs -- what it calls "  roof knocking " -- to warn civilians that airstrikes are imminent . The Israeli Cabinet has authorized the military to call up 40,000 troops if needed . That is 10,000 more than were called up during Israel 's offensive into Gaza in November 2012 . Only about 1,000 have been mobilized so far . Teens ' deaths sparked new violence Tensions in the region reached a fever pitch after three Israeli teens , including one with dual U.S. citizenship , were kidnapped last month on their way home from school in the West Bank . Their bodies were found last week . Israel blames Hamas , but the group has denied any involvement . "  Hamas said it clearly . ... We do n't have information about what had happened , " Osama Hamdan , a foreign policy spokesman for Hamas , told CNN 's Michael Holmes . Only days after the bodies of the Israelis were discovered , a Palestinian teen was abducted , and then found dead , within an hour in Jerusalem . Israel has arrested suspects and says there 's "  strong indication " it was a revenge killing . Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal blamed Netanyahu for the wave of violence . "  It is as if we started the problem in Gaza , " he said . "  As if a rocket was fired from Gaza so the Zionist enemy was forced to respond to it . This is not true . " "  I say to the American and European administrations and the United Nations and our Arab neighbors : Were the Palestinian people supposed to break and surrender and die a slow death ? " he said . "  What is left of our lands and our holy sites ? What life is left ? " But with rockets flying over his country 's cities , Netanyahu seemed in no mood to back down . "  Our military is strong , the home front is steadfast and our people are united , " he said . The region has many depressing precedents when it comes to violence . Palestinians have revolted twice against Israel 's occupation of East Jerusalem , the West Bank and the Gaza Strip . Israel conquered and occupied those territories in the June 1967 war . In late 2008 and early 2009 , Israel carried out airstrikes and then a ground offensive against Hamas in Gaza that killed hundreds of Palestinians . The November 2012 Israeli offensive sparked a bloody eight-day conflict that ended in a cease-fire . Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? New threat The IDF said 72 rockets rained down on Israel on Wednesday . Some came down in unpopulated areas , while others were intercepted by the country 's Iron Dome defense system over Tel Aviv , Ashkelon and Dimona , the IDF said . There were no immediate reports of casualties . Dimona is home to a nuclear plant . Israeli media reported the facility was not hit . The U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv said it would close Thursday . Embassy staff had to take shelter Tuesday during a rocket warning , and the facility was already operating with minimal staff . Hamas is believed to have 10,000 rockets of varying ranges , said Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a military spokesman . Israel said some 3.5 million residents live in areas within reach of the rockets . Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? Was teen 's death a revenge killing ? Palestinian teen burned alive , autopsy shows Israel resident : What I do n't want to happen at my daughter 's wedding CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Jerusalem , Michael Pearson , Steve Almasy and Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Ben Wedeman , Tal Heinrich , Amir Tal , Salma Abdelaziz , Josh Levs , Talal Abu Rahma and Jason Hanna also contributed to this report .	At least 61 Palestinians killed , more than 500 injured in Gaza , Palestinian officials say IDF says it warns civilians when airstrikes are coming with dummy bombs , phone calls Military is "  prepared for all possibilities , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Palestinian Authority President says Israel is committing "  genocide "
CNN  -- Imagine arriving at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia , one of the busiest and most bustling airports in the country . People are dashing about , waiting at checkpoints and scanning the screens for departure and arrival times . Invariably there are delays and since you are n't going anywhere anytime soon , you might as well enjoy the tunes playing over the public announcement system . Hey , is n't that the Peaches and Herb classic "  Shake Your Groove Thing " ? You have n't heard that in years ! But wait , what are they singing ? It sounds like "  Shake Your Groove Thing , " but the lyrics playing do n't match the ones you know . Click on the image above to hear two of the airport 's new songs . "  Opening Day fresh , Opening Day fresh , Yeah , yeah Hartsfield-Jackson do it now Opening Day fresh , Opening Day fresh , Yeah , yeah Show 'em how we do it now ! Show 'em how we do it now ! " Welcome to parody with a purpose . As part of an initiative to keep the airport clean and get people excited about the airport 's new shops and dining options , officials there bought the rights to three popular R & B classics : "  Shake Your Groove Thing " by Peaches and Herb , "  Bustin ' Loose " by Chuck Brown and the Soul Searchers and "  Fantastic Voyage " by Lakeside . With rights secured , Doug Strachan , Creative Innovations Manager for the City of Atlanta Department of Aviation , rewrote the lyrics and invited the original artists to record the revamped songs . "  Whereas words reach the mind , music reaches the heart , " Strachan said . "  These are hit songs that people love ... real powerful , catchy and make you want to dance . If you can make someone dance , you can probably motivate them to do other things . " So "  Groove Thing " became "  Keep It Opening Day Fresh , " "  Bustin Loose " morphed into "  We 're Steady Cleaning Up , " and "  Fantastic Voyage " was reborn as "  Our New Concessions . " Clean music with a clean message -- literally . The concept of "  opening day fresh " refers to keeping the airport as clean as if it were opening day , which means smelling fresh and looking as spotless as possible . The catchy tunes are a way to subtly remind visitors that it takes a team effort to keep the airport sparkling . "  Our New Concessions " reminds travelers about the facility 's retail offerings and food service . Strachan said much effort was put into making sure the songs were produced in such a way that they were respectful to the song and the artist . "  The whole idea is to make it sound as much like the original as possible , " Strachan said . "  If it 's not really done with deft , then it kind of detracts from it rather than enhances it . " Herb Fame , half of Peaches and Herb , loved the idea and was pleased to remake his classic . "  Shake Your Grove Thing " "  was a worldwide song and people recognize the melody , " said Fame , who continues to perform . "  It was fun to do and every time I come through the airport I listen to it . " Mark Wood , lead vocalist of the group Lakeside , said Strachan did a great job transforming "  Fantastic Voyage " into a new , yet familiar song . "  It 's important to send the message in a way that the message will get through , " Wood said . "  Ours is a song that people may have grown up hearing or they may have played for their kids and so you might have generations that can relate to it . " Such messaging can be extremely effective , said Matt Wallaert , lead scientist for Thrive , an online financial advisory company for young adults . Wallaert , an expert in behavioral finance and social psychology , said the airport is obviously attempting to do something his company also aims for -- offering useful information in a way that is less stressful for the user . "  If you put up a sign that says ` Do n't Litter , ' people see it the first time you put it up , but every time after that it loses its impact , because it becomes a standard part of what they see , " he said . "  Music is pervasive in a way that a sign is not because it 's everywhere . " Strachan said officials at the airport definitely want those coming through to enjoy their time . As part of that , the airport recently launched the initial phases of a program that uses a scent called "  Breeze " to help enhance visitors ' mood . Strachan said the scent , which was first tested on a limited group of passengers , uses a variety of different notes , including vanilla and a little lavender . The pleasant , relaxing scent is going over so well that Strachan said a custom scent that will be exclusive to Hartsfield-Jackson is being developed . "  We want to make people feel better , " he said . "  We wanted to give them an olfactory cue which suggested that the airport is opening day fresh and we want to enhance their travel experience . " Stefanie Michaels , also known as Adventure Girl , is a travel commentator and writer who is a frequent traveler . Anything airports can do to make air travel more relaxing is more than welcome , especially in the times we live in , she said . "  Movie theaters and restaurants have been using scents and those kinds of subliminal tactics for years , " Michaels said . "  Music makes people feel good and with the economy the way it is , people are just stressed to no end , so from a subconscious level it 's a really wise thing for the airport to do . "	Visitors to Atlanta 's airport will hear some familiar classics Older R&B hits reworked to promote airport cleanliness Original artists re-record songs meant to gently prompt passengers Airport also using scent to help relax visitors
CNN  -- Sen. Ted Kennedy would have had a "  very , very difficult " time politically surviving the drowning death of a young woman if it happened in the era of blogs , talk radio and 24-hour news cycles , experts said . Sen. Ted Kennedy hit the airwaves to say it was "  indefensible " he did n't immediately report the accident . Mary Jo Kopechne , 28 , drowned after Kennedy drove his Oldsmobile off a bridge following a regatta party in July 1969 . The incident on Chappaquiddick Island , Massachusetts , helped dash the youngest Kennedy brother 's chances at the Oval Office in 1972 and 1980 . Massachusetts was more forgiving than the rest of the nation , however , backing Kennedy by a 3-to-2 margin in his 1970 bid to keep his Senate seat . That his brothers , John and Robert , had been assassinated in recent years may have been a factor , experts said . Watch Kennedy attend brother Robert 's funeral " "  Great expectations and great tragedy has always been the storyline of the Kennedys , " said Christopher Arterton , dean of George Washington University 's graduate school of political management . "  The people of Massachusetts were prepared to forgive a lot of transgressions . " Kennedy vanished to the family compound for days after the incident , huddling with advisers before emerging the following week to plead guilty to leaving the scene of an accident . A judge suspended his two-month jail sentence . Critics saw the plea as an attempt to stifle details that would have emerged during a trial . In a display of the senator 's legendary oratory , he delivered a nationally televised explanation and apology , saying it was "  indefensible " that he had n't called police until the day after the accident . See how Chappaquiddick fit into Kennedy 's legacy " "  If at any time , the citizens of Massachusetts should lack confidence in their senator 's character or his ability , with or without justification , he could not in my opinion adequately perform his duty and should not continue in office , " Kennedy said . Jim Baughman , author of "  The Republic of Mass Culture : Journalism , Filmmaking , and Broadcasting in America since 1941 , " said he recalls Kennedy 's address being "  less an explanation to the country than to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . " The nation 's response was tepid . According to a Time-Harris poll in August 1969 , about 44 percent of respondents said Kennedy failed "  to tell the real truth , " 51 percent said his explanation was inadequate and 77 percent said he was wrong not to report the accident immediately . However , 58 percent of respondents said "  he has suffered , been punished and should be given the benefit of the doubt . " Watch a timeline of Kennedy 's tragedies , triumphs " "  I think the national repercussions would have been more severe -LSB- today -RSB- , " Baughman said . In 1969 , the national media were dominated by three TV networks and a handful of magazines and newspapers . New media and talk radio would be a "  much more ferocious force " today , he said . Media reports from the time indicate few mysteries were solved by Kennedy 's address . Then-Edgartown Police Chief Jim Arena was often lambasted for his handling of the case . He said Thursday he would handle it no differently today except that he would charge Kennedy with vehicular homicide , a charge that did not exist in 1969 . "  I will always contend that what happened that night was an accident . What happened afterward has never been completely explained , " said Arena , who is now 79 . In his national address , Kennedy said he was driving Kopechne to a ferry landing because she was tired . He denied "  widely circulated suspicions of immoral conduct " and also refuted reports that he was "  driving under the influence of liquor . " Watch Kennedy 's explanation " Kennedy said his unfamiliarity with the bridge , which had no guardrails and met the road at an awkward angle , caused him to drive off the side and into Poucha Pond . "  The car overturned in a deep pond and immediately filled with water , " Kennedy said . "  Water entered my lungs and I actually felt the sensation of drowning , but somehow I struggled to the surface alive . " Kopechne did not . Kennedy said he dived back into the water several times , "  but succeeded only in increasing my state of utter exhaustion and alarm . " Conceding he did not seek a telephone , Kennedy said he returned to the party and summoned a cousin and friend to the scene . They , too , failed in saving Kopechne , he said . "  All kinds of scrambled thoughts -- all of them confused , some of them irrational , many of them which I can not recall , and some of which I would not have seriously entertained under normal circumstances -- went through my mind during this period , " he said . He asked to be taken to the ferry slip , he said , where he jumped into the water , swam the 500-foot channel back to Edgartown , returned to his hotel room and collapsed . It was n't until morning that he called police , and then , only after he called legal adviser Burke Marshall , he said . The media clamored with questions : Why had Kopechne left her purse and room key at the cottage and told no one she was going home ? How did Kennedy get lost on a one-turn trip to the ferry ? Was the ferry operating when Kennedy and Kopechne left ? "  The larger anger about it was the 10-hour lag -LSB- in reporting the accident -RSB- , that he was more concerned about his reputation than this young woman 's life , " Baughman said . "  He did n't take enough time to blame himself and take responsibility . " Today , Baughman said , Kennedy could still survive a Chappaquiddick -- largely because of the Kennedys ' clout and because Massachusetts is so enamored with the family -- but it would be tougher with the Slate.coms and Drudge Reports of the world hounding him . George Washington University 's Arterton concurs that , like Jesse Helms ' North Carolina or Strom Thurmond 's South Carolina , Massachusetts would likely forgive one of its favorite sons today . If Kennedy survived his first re-election , as he did in 1970 , he likely would have prevailed in later ones , though it would have been "  very , very difficult to remain in office , " Arterton said . He also doubts Kennedy would have been able to isolate himself with advisers for days without making a statement . Watch a newsreel of Kennedy 's early years " "  In the cable news era , that would not have been possible , " he said , explaining that blogs and other new media would have prodded the networks and newspapers . "  There would have been much more effort to dig into that story nationally . " At the least , Baughman said , "  you 'd have maybe a more diverse conversation about Kennedy 's culpability and judgment . " Then-Chief Arena remembers the intense criticism of his investigation from his own counterparts . Diver John Farrar , who pulled Kopechne from the car , told media outlets she may have lived had Kennedy called police immediately , and George Killen , a detective-lieutenant with the State Police , alleged at the time that Kennedy "  killed that girl the same as if he put a gun to her head and pulled the trigger . " Kennedy 's explanation was a "  weak defense , " Arena acknowledges , but he insists there was no evidence of negligence to facilitate manslaughter charges . Arena said the Kennedys never pressured him during the investigation . He also never obfuscated details to benefit Kennedy -- in part , because of a paternal adage he has always held dear . "  When you tell the truth , you do n't have to worry about what you said the first time , " he said . "  The charge I came up with was the only one I thought we could prove . ... I did what I could , and I 'll stick by it . "	Media "  more ferocious " today , would n't have left questions unanswered , expert says Ex-police chief says he would have charged Kennedy with vehicular homicide today Chappaquiddick incident credited with ending Ted Kennedy 's presidential hopes Chief : "  What happened afterward has never been completely explained "
CNN  -- The semi-automatic rifle used in the Colorado theater killings jammed during the rampage , apparently because of a problem with the 100-shot magazine feeding it , a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation said Sunday . The military-style AR-15 had a separately purchased drum magazine , which can have trouble feeding bullets into the firing chamber if the gun is fired rapidly , the source told CNN . "  These after-market extended magazines have a tendency to jam , " the source said . Obama flies to Colorado One of the survivors of the early Friday assault , Josh Nowlan , said Saturday that he would not have been alive if the suspect 's gun had not jammed . Investigators say the rifle was one of three guns used by Colorado massacre suspect James Holmes in the early Friday killings , along with a shotgun and a .40 - caliber pistol . The handgun also had an extended magazine that held 40 rounds , the source said . Suspect spooked gun range manager Police say Holmes opened fire during a midnight screening of the new Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " In addition to turning guns on the crowd , witnesses say they saw the attacker throw two canisters -- possibly containing tear gas -- before opening fire . He also rigged his suburban Denver apartment with a wide array of explosives and flammable materials , forcing investigators to evacuate nearby residents and pick gingerly through his home in a two-day effort to remove all the hazards . Authorities have since recovered a Batman poster , a Batman mask and a computer from the apartment , the source said . Victims remembered with poignant stories Investigators are talking to victims to try to determine in what order the guns were fired , the source said . The suspect may have begun with the shotgun , which can be "  devastating when fired at close range , " according to the source . They believe the next weapon fired may have been the high-capacity assault rifle , with Holmes turning to the Glock semi-automatic pistol to "  re-engage his targets , " according to the source . That squares with what some witnesses have told CNN -- that the gunman began to open fire with a shotgun , then turned to other weapons . The source said the extensive body armor Holmes had on when he was arrested gives "  no doubt he intended to do battle with law enforcement , " and not people watching a movie , according to the source . But he was arrested unarmed while going back out to his car , possibly to retrieve another gun , the source said . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Witnesses had said one of the suspect 's guns appeared to jam during the rampage Large-capacity magazines "  have a tendency to jam , " the source says A Batman poster and mask were found in the suspect 's apartment Body armor indicates the gunman "  intended to do battle " with police , source says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The missing engine from a US Airways jet that ditched in the Hudson River was recovered Friday , more than a week after the crash landing . A jet engine lost after Flight 1549 ditched in the Hudson River is hoisted from the water Friday . Icy conditions and strong currents hampered efforts to locate and raise the plane 's left engine , which apparently tore from the Airbus A320 when it hit the water in an emergency landing January 15 . The engine was found Wednesday in about 50 feet of water . The divers who found it reported that it was in one piece , said New Jersey State Police Sgt. Stephen Jones . A crane brought the engine up Friday afternoon as daylight began to fade . It was placed on a barge and hauled to the New Jersey side of the river , according to a spokeswoman for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which was supervising the recovery . Watch the engine pulled from Hudson River " After an initial examination at the site , the engine will be shipped with the plane 's other engine to the manufacturer , where "  the NTSB will supervise and direct a complete tear-down of each engine , " NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said . The right engine was still attached to the plane when it was pulled from the Hudson last week . It will be at least next week before any information from the initial examination is released , Knudson said . Investigators said this week that they found a single feather and evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " on the aircraft . The find reinforces the pilot 's report that the plane was brought down by a flock of birds . Pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , 58 , told investigators that his aircraft struck birds , disabling both engines , about 90 seconds after takeoff from LaGuardia Airport in New York . Map " The feather , found on a flap track on the wing , was sent to identification experts at the Smithsonian Institution , the National Transportation Safety Board said . Samples of what appears to be organic material found in the right engine and on the wings and fuselage have been sent to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Meanwhile , a pilot program involving "  birdstrike avoidance " radar systems will be expanded to include LaGuardia , said a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . See authorities ' efforts to retrieve plane " The Air Force has been using such systems at its bases for years , and last year the Port Authority -- which operates five metropolitan New York airports -- struck an agreement with the Air Force and the Federal Aviation Administration to install the bird-detecting system at John F. Kennedy International Airport . In the wake of the US Airways crash-landing , that program will be expanded to include LaGuardia and Newark International airports within a few months , according to Pasquale DiFulco , spokesman for the Port Authority . Newly released video captured seconds after the Airbus A320 ditched in the Hudson River showed passengers trying to flee the aircraft almost immediately after it settled in the water and began to float along the river current . All 155 crew members and passengers on the plane survived the incident , which Gov. David Paterson dubbed a "  miracle on the Hudson . " The video , which the Con Edison utility company released Thursday , first shows a long wake behind the plane before zooming in on the aircraft . Steam surrounds the plane as it floats with a slow counterclockwise twist . An exit hatch opens on the plane 's left side , and several people file out onto one of the plane 's wings . Seconds later , an inflatable evacuation ramp extends from the opposite side of the plane . Watch their escape " Passengers run onto the plane 's other wing as the aircraft floats off-screen for a few seconds . The camera jerks , and when the plane reappears , passengers can be seen at the bottom of the inflatable ramp . Some passengers jump into the water , which was a chilly 41 degrees when the plane splashed down on the afternoon of January 15 . Within minutes , a ferry and other boats come into the picture and begin to take the people aboard . The video came from a surveillance camera at Con Edison 's 59th Street Station , a steam plant , spokesman Chris Olert said . A person manning the camera from inside the plant saw the plane hit the water and redirected the camera , Olert said . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Mike Ahlers and Alona Rivord contributed to this report .	Missing engine recovered from Hudson , hauled to New Jersey riverbank Video shows at least two passengers jump off plane 's wings into chilly Hudson River Single feather and evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " found on plane US Airways flight crash-landed in river after reportedly hitting flock of birds
CNN  -- Gunmen have kidnapped an American journalist in Syria , the journalist 's family announced Wednesday . Freelancer James Foley was taken in northwest Syria on November 22 , Thanksgiving Day in America , his family said , adding it decided to make his capture public now in the hope that media attention will increase the odds he 'll be released unharmed . "  We want Jim to come safely home , or at least we need to speak with him to know he 's OK , " said the journalist 's father , John Foley . "  Jim is an objective journalist and we appeal for the release of Jim unharmed . To the people who have Jim , please contact us so we can work together toward his release . " A Facebook page and a Twitter account have been created for anyone to post messages about Foley . This is n't the first time Foley has been abducted . He was taken along with others in Libya in 2011 . He and three other journalists were released by the Libyan military in May 2011 . Foley worked for GlobalPost at the time . The news outlet ran a story on its website Wednesday about Foley 's abduction in Syria . Syrian war 's death toll surpasses 60,000 Foley communicated with his sister online , via Skype , on Thanksgiving morning , his brother , Michael Foley , told CNN Wednesday . The journalist did n't suggest that he felt he was in any danger during that conversation , he said . James Foley was working on several stories when he was abducted , including one "  on the destruction of the ancient city of Aleppo , " said his brother , Michael Foley . He added that the family has been working closely with government agencies as well as people in Turkey and Syria . "  Anyone and everyone , " the brother said . "  One of the reasons we have put the story out there is because we are seeking additional information . The message we want to give is James is an innocent and unbiased journalist and we appeal that he be released unharmed . " Foley 's website says he has "  reported independently and objectively from the Middle East for the past five years . " The Foley family has tried over the years to get used to their relative 's choice to be a war correspondent . "  It 's been an adjustment . It 's been something we have been getting around , " Michael Foley said . "  We have never tried to talk him out of it because he is so passionate about it and he truly wants to shed light on conflict . " The journalist has taken security training for conflict zones and is "  very cautious in what he does , " Michael Foley said . When his brother was released in Libya , Michael Foley flew to Libya to see him . "  It was an emotional high you can not describe , " he said . What 's in store for Syria in 2013 ? The global news agency AFP , which has been using Foley 's work since March 2012 , released a statement saying that Foley was taken in the northern town of Taftanaz and that no one has claimed responsibility . "  After respecting his family 's initial decision to remain silent about the abduction , AFP now fully supports its choice in making the news public and wholeheartedly calls for the journalist 's release , " said AFP CEO Emmanuel Hoog . "  We remain in constant contact with the journalist 's family and friends . In addition , we are multiplying contacts and taking every measure in our power to facilitate his release . " "  James is a professional journalist who has remained totally neutral in this conflict . His captors , whoever they may be , must release him immediately , " he added in a written statement . Opinion : Refugee figures fall short Foley is familiar with war zones , Hoog said , and the journalist 's work "  has considerably enriched coverage of the Syrian conflict . " Foley had contributed about 30 video reports from Syria . Before he became a journalist , Foley 's website says , he "  helped empower disadvantaged individuals as a teacher and mentor , assisting them in improving their lives . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Foley 's brother says their sister spoke with the journalist the day he was abducted James Foley 's family makes the announcement , hoping media attention will bring his release Gunmen took Foley in Syria on November 22 , his family says Foley 's family also says they "  at least " need to talk with the journalist
CNN  -- Soccer legend Pele remained in an intensive care unit Monday , a week after he was hospitalized with a urinary tract infection . The 74-year-old has no fever and is receiving antibiotics intravenously , according to doctors at the Albert Einstein Hospital in Sao Paulo , Brazil . They are planning tests on Tuesday to analyze the need for possible renal support . Pele , who was born Edson Arantes do Nascimento , was admitted to the hospital November 24 . He had recently undergone surgery at the same facility to remove kidney stones . The athletic icon had one kidney removed during his days as a player , said his aide , Jose Fornos Rodrigues . Known as "  The Black Pearl " and "  The King , " Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports . He burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native Brazil to the 1958 World Cup championship . Pele went on to star on two other World Cup title teams , in 1962 and 1970 . He also had a breakthrough career with the Brazilian club Santos and later with the New York Cosmos of the now-defunct North American Soccer League . In 2000 , Pele and Argentina 's Diego Maradona were named co-Players of the Century by FIFA , the international soccer governing body . Since retiring from soccer , Pele has remained in the public eye as a product pitchman , ambassador for the sport of soccer and advocate for Brazil 's poor , having grown up as one of them in the inland city of Tres Coracoes . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Pele was admitted to the hospital last week with a urinary tract infection Doctors are planning tests to analyze the need for possible renal support Pele is a three-time World Cup champion and shared Player of the Century award
CNN  -- Ireland has formally requested substantial "  financial assistance " from the European Union and International Monetary Fund to buttress the government and bolster its struggling banking sector , Prime Minister Brian Cowen said Sunday night . "  I want to assure the Irish people that we have a better future before us , " Cowen said in announcing the request , as well as pledging substantial budget cuts and tax hikes . European Union financial ministers said they would "  welcome the request , " according to a joint statement issued soon after Cowen 's announcement . Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said his European colleagues agreed to take on the request and start negotiations in a teleconference earlier in the day . "  Ministers concur with the  European  Commission and the European Central Bank that providing assistance to Ireland is warranted to safeguard financial ability in the EU and in the euro area , " the EU statement said . The central bank 's governing council likewise embraced the request , saying in a statement that a loan deal "  will contribute to ensuring the stability of the Irish banking system and permit it to perform its role in the functioning of the economy . " And IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn said , in a press release , that the international finance institution "  stands ready to join this effort , including through a multi-year loan . " In addition to EU and IMF assistance , Cowen said the United Kingdom and Sweden have agreed to consider giving their own loans to Ireland . Dublin had long publicly insisted it would not seek an external bailout , despite widespread concerns that a ballooning budget deficit and wobbly banking sector would further cripple the Irish economy . Yet a possible loan package was front-and-center during talks this week of European financial ministers . And officials from the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the IMF have been meeting officials from Ireland 's Department of Finance and the National Treasury Management Agency since Thursday , hashing out measures required to bring stability to the Irish banking system . Those negotiations now continue to determine the extent and guidelines for any aid package , according to Cowen , who said he expects a deal to be finalized "  in the next few weeks . " At Sunday night 's press conference in Dublin , which followed a meeting of Cowen 's cabinet , Lenihan said the country would ask for less than 100 billion euros from the EU and the IMF . Last May , those two bodies bailed Greece out to the tune of 110 billion euros  currently $ 150 billion  . Cowen said that the government planned to cut 6 billion euros before it wraps its current budgetary cycle on December 7 , and planned to eliminate a total of 15 billion euros over the next four years . "  These targets already have the support of European  financial  ministers , " the prime minister said . "  These  cuts  will be difficult for everyone . " In part to meet its loan requirements , Dublin also will set out a comprehensive four-year plan detailing its deficit-reduction and other measures to shore up the Irish economy , according to Cowen . He said that while corporate tax rates would stay unchanged , income tax levels would rise to 2006 levels . In addition , Cowen said he 'd push new policies that would make Irish banks "  significantly smaller than they have been in the past ... so they can be brought on their feet . " Ireland shares the euro with 15 other European nations , and its perilous financial situations has raised concerns about a trickle-down effect on the common currency and the wider European Union . Responding to questions that a large outside loan might threaten Ireland 's sovereignty , Cowen said the Ireland 's economy was already tightly tied into Europe 's and said "  support ... from our partners " encouraged him to support asking for their assistance . "  Our membership in the EU has transformed our country for the better , " the prime minister said . "  But  the task of rebuilding our economy falls to our own ... people . " The money is required to stave off the collapse of Irish banks , which have seen a major outflow of funds over the last year , the Irish government said Sunday . International loans would act as a contingency fund , Lenihan said earlier Sunday , suggesting the mere fact that the funds were available might make it possible for Irish banks to borrow money on the open market again . The Irish government already has pumped billions of euros into Irish banks to keep them afloat , effectively nationalizing most of them . The European Central Bank is lending money to Irish banks because other banks wo n't . One analyst said Ireland has no choice now but to accept outside money . "  In actual fact Ireland as a country , in financial markets , has no reputation now . We 've got to rebuild it , and the reason you rebuild it -- or how you rebuild it -- is you rebuild your balance sheet , " author and economist David McWilliams told CNN . "  The situation is , if there is no money , we ca n't pay . And there is no money . That 's why the IMF are here . If we had money , they would n't be here . " Journalist Peter Taggart and CNN 's Jim Boulden and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : IMF , EU ministers "  welcome " Ireland 's request for financial assistance NEW : The United Kingdom , Sweden may offer separate loans to Ireland NEW : Taxes could rise and billions will be cut , Ireland 's prime minister says Ireland 's finance minister said the country would ask for under 100 billion euros
CNN  -- For millennia , cultures throughout the world have observed the winter solstice , the shortest day of the year , as a sacred event . In the Northern Hemisphere , the winter solstice occurs on December 21 or 22 , when the sun appears at its southernmost point in the sky . Ancient peoples whose survival depended on a precise knowledge of seasonal cycles marked this first day of winter with elaborate ceremonies and celebrations . Spiritually , these celebrations symbolize the opportunity for renewal , a casting off of old habits and negative feelings and an embracing of hope amid darkness as the days once again begin to grow longer . Many of the ancient symbols and ceremonies of the solstice live on today . Here are five extraordinary places to experience something magical during winter 's relentlessly long night : Travel Snapshots : See the year 's best England : Cornwall and Stonehenge Better known for pirates than the solstice , the town of Penzance on the southwest coast of England is reviving a delightful array of Cornish solstice events over a six-day celebration leading up to December 21 . The Montol Festival is a fun mix of pagan customs and more recent Christmas traditions that were once common throughout Cornwall . Early in the week , join in caroling , take a mask-making workshop and attend a mummers play  traditional English folk drama  and storytelling night . On the solstice , referred to here as Montol Eve , get your dancing card ready for the Guise , a community dance in which people dress in masks and other "  topsy-turvy " disguises based on a 19th-century tradition of the rich dressing in rags while poorer citizens effected a "  mock posh " look , all of which might involve a bit of gender-bending . 9 sparkling North American Christmas markets You can also don your finery for torch-lit processions . The merrymaking only continues when the revelers disperse to pubs around town . Another focal point of the celebration is the burning of the "  Mock , " a piece of wood representing a yule log . Here , the tradition takes on a Cornish twist : drawing a stick figure on the log for good luck before tossing it into the fire . With some planning , it 's also possible to incorporate a trip to Stonehenge , the UK 's most famous site for solstice celebrations . On the solstice , visitors have the rare opportunity to enter the towering , mysterious stone circle for a sunrise ceremony run by local pagan and druid groups . Organizers expect a record number of visitors this year : English Heritage , which manages Stonehenge , just unveiled a brand new visitor center that features hundreds of archaeological artifacts from the site , many on public display for the first time . The trip from Penzance to Stonehenge takes less than four hours by car , making it entirely feasible to spend the night of December 20 in Salisbury , the nearest town to Stonehenge , and rise before dawn for the ceremony among the stones .  Bundle up -- it 's been known to snow .  Hang around to tour the new visitor center before returning to Penzance for Montol Eve . Sweden : Santa Lucia , yule and aurora borealis Sweden is rich with solstice traditions , and Swedes start the party a bit early : December 13 is Santa Lucia Day , also known as the festival of lights . It commemorates an early Christian martyr , Lucia , who is celebrated in Scandinavia as a bringer of light in this dark northern land . Traditionally , the young girl chosen to be Lucia leads a procession of singers wearing a long white gown and a wreath of candles on her head . Elements of the yule , Northern Europe 's ancient winter solstice celebration , are also incorporated into modern festivities , including gathering around bonfires , feasting , drinking and telling stories . A great place to experience all of these traditions is at Skansen , an open-air , living history museum that represents life in Sweden before the Industrial Revolution and features characters dressed in period costumes . On December 21 , an all-day event at Skansen called Fire and Ice features a concert with original solstice compositions , ice carving and fire performers . Not to be missed throughout the season is the Christmas Market , where you can buy local crafts , admire lavish holiday decorations in Skansen 's historical buildings and sample traditional Swedish cuisine . Continue to marvel at this seasonal interplay of light and darkness by heading for the Arctic Circle to see aurora borealis , the northern lights , in the Swedish Lapland . The Aurora Sky Station in Abisko National Park is an ideal place to catch the show . Another is the tiny village of JukkasjÃ $ rvi , where you can stay at an ice hotel that provides local guides to help you spot the lights . Bundle up and take a dog sled or snow mobile tour , then hibernate in front of a roaring fire with a steaming cup of glÃ ¶ gg . Maya country : The apocalypse is so 2012 According to some popular myths about Maya prophesy , the end of the Maya calendar last year , on December 21 , was supposed to signal the end of the world . Tourists flocked to sacred sites , prompting indigenous groups to protest the exploitation and misinterpretation of traditional Maya beliefs . With that frenzy safely behind us , now is a great time to experience a solstice celebration that teaches visitors about today 's Maya and their ancestors . In Belize , a dance group that started last year as part of local celebrations of the conclusion of the last Maya calendar 's cycle will perform again this year on December 21 and 22 at the Maya Center Village . It 's about a 2.5-hour drive from Belize City , and the setting is spectacular . Maya Center is in the lush Maya Mountains at the entrance of the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary , home to the world 's first jaguar preserve . The Oxlajuj Baktun dance group is not a show for tourists , but respectful visitors are welcome to attend . Its purpose is prayer , purification and guidance for younger generations of Maya to connect with ancestors to ensure the continuation of their traditions . To inquire about attending , write to mayamuseum@yahoo.com . Visit the National Institute of Culture and History for further background and the Maya Center Mayan Museum Facebook page for updates . In Mexico , consider visiting Chichen Itza , the spectacular ancient city of temples , columns and pyramids that was once a great center of science and astronomy . The Temple of Kukulkan , with its 365 steps  one for every day of the year  , is just one stunning example of the impressive engineering and astronomical feats of the Maya . No wonder this is a UNESCO World Heritage site . Chichen Itza is a 2.5-hour drive from Cancun . If you 're planning to take a guided tour , choose tour operators who work with local Maya communities and use expert guides . Private tours are another option : Although pricier , they can offer a more comprehensive experience and are often led by experts . Sacred Earth Journeys is one company that offers private tours to the site led by a former director of Chichen Itza . India : Makar Sankranti and kite festivals Unlike people in other places in the Northern Hemisphere that mark the solstice in December , Hindus in India celebrate Makar Sankranti , one of the most important festivals of the year , on January 14 . Fundamentally , it is a celebration of the sun 's journey toward the Northern Hemisphere , bringing longer days and the end of winter , which will make possible a good harvest . But Makar Sankranti is associated with many other themes , including strong family relationships and a renewed opportunity to rid oneself of negativity and embrace a better way of living . Different regions have different names for the festival and celebrate in a diversity of ways , usually involving bonfire pyres , feasting , singing and prayer . It 's a day when pilgrims make their way to the holy river Ganges for a spiritual cleansing . The island of Gangasagar is one particularly special place for the faithful , who arrive from all over India to bathe in the Ganges where it meets the Bay of Bengal . Another popular event associated with Makar Sankranti are kite festivals , now held in cities across India . Jaipur , Mumbai and Ahmedabad host some of the most well-known kite festivals . Kite makers sell their wares in public markets in the days leading up to the festival , and soon the sky is filled with colorful , elaborate kites flown from balconies , stadiums , parks and beaches . Vancouver , British Columbia : Lantern festival Vancouver 's Winter Solstice Lantern Festival is a sparkling celebration of solstice traditions from around the world . The Secret Lantern Society assembles a wide array of music , dance , food and spectacular lantern-lit processions through many of the Canadian city 's best-known neighborhoods . Staging areas for the main events include Granville Island and the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden . The Roundhouse Community Arts and Recreation Centre will feature African , gypsy and First Nations dance performances , and music that ranges from traditional solstice songs to jazz . Here 's one of the best parts : Before the solstice , neighborhoods throughout Vancouver host lantern-making workshops . For $ 10 to $ 25 , you can construct and decorate your own lantern to participate in one of several processions through the city on December 21 that lead to the indoor venues for music , dance and art-making . Do n't miss the Labyrinths of Light with more than 700 lanterns laid out in circular patterns . Visitors can participate in a "  self-guided ceremony " emphasizing the release of old attachments and opening oneself to new opportunities . After your spiritual cleansing , top it all off by participating in an all-night , all-ages dance party .	Cultures around the world celebrate the winter solstice Fire , dance and prayer usher in beginning of longer days Check out Vancouver 's lantern festival or celebrate Maya culture in Mexico
CNN  -- Starbucks lauds itself as a company committed to operating responsibly and ethically , and many of its policies reflect a strong corporate conscience . But when it comes to responsible gun policy , Starbucks has lost its moral compass . Starbucks refuses to ban loaded guns from its coffee shops in the 43 states that allow people to openly carry loaded weapons . As mothers , we wonder why the company is willing to put children and families in so much danger . Nobody needs to be armed to get a cup of coffee . And that 's why thousands of moms across the nation are asking Starbucks to put the safety of its customers first . We 've started a petition asking Starbucks to ban guns from its stores . In response , Starbucks has referred concerned moms to a statement on its website , a statement last updated in March 2010 , about 90,000 American gun deaths ago . The statement reads , "  The political , policy and legal debates around these issues belong in the legislatures and courts , not in our stores . " Starbucks spokesman Zack Hutson recently told Seattle Weekly that it is a legal strategy . "  In communities that permit open carry , we abide by local laws . Where these laws do n't exist , openly carrying weapons in our stores is prohibited . " Moms do n't want a gun debate with our coffee either . But when children are shot in schools , in movie theaters and even at Fourth of July parades , we can no longer keep the debate in the places where they "  belong . " As the debate on guns spreads to town hall meetings nationwide in August , do we really have to have one in Starbucks too ? Starbucks ' refusal to ban guns from its stores has made it a nationwide venue for pro-gun rallies , where customers toting loaded weapons gather over coffee . There have even been accidental shootings : earlier this year a woman shot another customer when she dropped her purse and a loaded weapon inside discharged . A pro-gun site called I Love Guns and Coffee sells a coin that looks like the Starbucks logo , except the mermaid is wielding handguns . On Sunday , for example , 60 pro-gun activists carried handguns , semi-automatic rifles and shotguns into a Starbucks in Sioux Falls , South Dakota . Starbucks claims its open carry policy simply follows state laws and local ordinances . However , the company is willing to overlook those in other instances ; it recently announced a smoking ban within 25 feet of any store . Why is Starbucks willing take a public health stand on smoking , but not gun violence , which kills more than 55 children and teens a week in America ? Since when is second-hand smoke more dangerous than second-hand bullets ? Starbucks also claims that banning guns from its stores would put its employees in a "  potentially unsafe position " if they had to ask a gun-wielding customer to leave . This alleged concern has not stopped other companies -- including Disney , California Pizza Kitchen , AMC Theaters , Toys R Us , and even Starbucks competitor Peet 's Coffee & Tea -- from prohibiting guns in their stores in states where open carry is legal . In fact , these companies have banned guns in order to keep employees and customers safe . Starbucks bans guns from its corporate headquarters in Seattle , where open carry is perfectly legal . This same protection should be afforded to the millions of unarmed customers Starbucks serves each week . An overwhelming majority of Americans want common-sense gun reforms . But it 's not just Congress and state legislatures that impact society ; business policies also affect our safety . Shame on Congress for failing to act , but that 's no excuse for companies like Starbucks to fail to lead . We never saw ourselves becoming activists . But like so many mothers on December 14th , we were horrified by the Sandy Hook shootings . The realization that our country 's lax gun laws led to the massacre of 20 innocent children shook both of us to the core . As mothers , we can not and will not abide politics and policies that needlessly put our children and other children in danger . Moms Demand Action has become a rallying point for mothers across the nation who refuse to tolerate the inaction over the epidemic of gun violence . We will not stop until gun reforms and responsible policies are in place at the federal level , in our states and at American businesses . We have the most important reason of all for never backing down -- our kids . Risking their safety is n't worth a nonfat misto at Starbucks . Women make the vast majority of spending decisions in America ; you can be sure we 'll spend those dollars with companies that value the safety of our families . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Starbucks refuses to ban loaded guns from its shops in 43 states that allow open carry Writers : Thousands of mothers want Starbucks to ban guns ; nobody needs to be armed They say chain bans smoking in front of any store ; is smoke riskier than loaded guns ? Writers : Many businesses in open carry states ban guns to keep workers , customers safe
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  Rand Paul kicked off his first event in Iowa this year with a rally that let him blaze through his favorite libertarian-leaning talking points and draw a contrast between himself and his potential Republican rivals . "  You 're going to get a choice on who the nominee is for the Republican Party . You 're going to have 9 , 10 , 15 , 20 who are eager to go and want troops on the ground , " he said , talking about the war against Islamic extremism . "  They want 100,000 troops on the ground . Right now . In all the countries . " The Kentucky Republican had a rough week but found a friendly audience Friday night headlining an "  Audit the Fed " rally at Jasper Winery in Des Moines , an event packed with many of his father 's supporters and hosted by a group called Liberty Iowa . It was a curious strategy for a man who 's trying to build a broad coalition of voters behind him , but he assured supporters that he has n't strayed far from his roots . "  Some of you may remember I sued the President , " he said , pointing to a lawsuit he launched last year against the National Security Agency over its bulk metadata collection effort . He did n't , however , mention that the lawsuit has been put on hold , or that he voted against a reform package in Congress last year because he felt it did n't go far enough in tweaking the agency . Paul , who faced criticism this week over comments expressing doubt about the effectiveness of vaccinations and took heat over drama involving one of his advisers , is in Iowa on a quick two-day swing that puts him in front of familiar audiences . Following the "  Audit the Fed " rally Friday night , he attends the Iowa State University men 's basketball game Saturday , as well as a watch party with young voters and a meet-and-greet with freshman Rep. Rod Blum . Paul is one of many Republicans who will barnstorm the state in the coming months , seeking support ahead of Iowa 's first-in-the-nation presidential nominating contest a year from now . While it 's his first time in the state this year , Paul visited Iowa five times last cycle , and has indicated he plans to make the state a big part of his 2016 strategy . His father , ex-Texas Rep. Ron Paul , built a solid foundation of supporters in Iowa during his 2008 and 2012 campaigns , a base that Paul is trying to court while also making inroads with the mainstream and socially conservative Republicans in the state . A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll earlier this week showed Paul in second place at 14 % support among likely Republican caucus goers , behind Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker at 15 % . Along with repeating familiar refrains that hammer Obamacare and the President 's executive action on immigration , Paul brandished his anti-war credentials . He sought to remind the audience that he caused headaches in the Senate in December by forcing a vote that would declare war against ISIS , but stressed that he voted no . "  I said we have to debate this . And they -- can I say bitched and moaned ? They bitched and moaned and were so unhappy with me that I brought that up . But we made a vote , " he said . "  Every time we 've toppled a secular dictator , we 've gotten chaos and we 've gotten a rise in radical Islam , and we 've been less safe , " he added . Paul , attempting to balance his anti-government persona with his efforts to appear bipartisan , pointed out that he 's still been "  willing to work with the President " on criminal justice reform , noting that the same day he sued the administration , Paul sat down for lunch with Attorney General Eric Holder . "  He looks at me and says , ' I see you 're suing me and the President today . ' I said , ` Well , you know , we can still be friends right ? ' " Paul offered some rare praise for Holder , saying at the end he "  did some good things on criminal justice , " but warned that he may be replaced by current nominee Loretta Lynch , saying she 's not strong enough on reforming civil forfeiture . The main thrust of the event was rallying support behind his new legislation to audit the Federal Reserve . It is already audited by a third-party accounting firm arranged through the inspector general and partially by the Government Accountability Office , but Paul 's bill would give full auditing power to the GAO and would require regular reports to Congress . "  Is there a revolving door between Wall Street , the fed , and back to Wall Street again ? " Paul asked , twirling his arm in the air . The bill last year passed the GOP-controlled House with bipartisan support but was blocked by the Democratic-led Senate . Critics , including Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen , have vowed to aggressively fight such efforts . Emboldened by the new Republican Congress , however , Paul feels that the legislation has a better shot at breaking through and making it to the President 's desk . "  I think there needs to be some sunshine . I 'm going to fight 'em and we 're going to get a vote on Audit the Fed , " he said to applause .	Rand Paul makes first 2015 trip to Iowa , home of first presidential caucuses He 's trying to build a broad coalition of voters , but says he has n't strayed far from his roots
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo returned to inspire Real Madrid to another record-breaking Champions League display against FC Schalke . Real had only won once in 25 previous trips to Germany but the Spanish aces buried their German hoodoo with a magnificently marauding 6-1 victory on Wednesday . Ronaldo , back to pull the strings in midfield after a three-match domestic ban , Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale all scored twice in a dazzling display . The result meant Real set a new record -- scoring in 32 consecutive Champions League matches . Ronaldo , who has scored 36 goals in 33 games , is now also this season 's leading scorer in the Europe 's elite cup competition with 11 goals . The Portugal captain became only the third player to pass 60 goals in the Champions League , and is now five behind Lionel Messi 's 66 -- with former Real and Schalke star Raul leading the way on 71 . His first at the Veltins-Arena was vintage Ronaldo ; he bamboozled the Schalke defense with some fancy footwork before firing the ball into the net . His second in the 89th minute was n't bad either as he rounded the keeper before similarly blasting the ball home . "  The team has played a lot of good games and this is one more , " Ronaldo told reporters . "  We played well and did n't allow Schalke to play at their best . We are happy and a step away from the next round . "  The Schalke goalkeeper did very well and made good saves , but I believe in my ability and my teammates helped me a lot . " Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar had the last say on the pitch as he sent a zinging shot into the top corner as a late consolation for the home side . The goals were not quite so free-flowing in Istanbul , where Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho pitted his wits against Roberto Mancini 's Galatasaray . Just two days after Mourinho criticized his attackers in a leaked private conversation , he watched his team settle for a 1-1 draw against the Turkish champions . Fernando Torres , chosen to spearhead Chelsea 's strike force ahead of Samuel Eto'o , put the English Premier League leaders ahead after just eight minutes when he strolled in Cesar Azpilicueta 's clever pass from a counter-attack . After a rocky first half , Mancini made a tactical switch and Galatasaray recovered their poise , pressing forward to urgent whistles from their vociferous fans . Former Chelsea player Didier Drogba , facing his old teammates for the first time since his 2012 exit , helped drive the equalizer with his muscular presence . But it was defender Aurelien Chedjou who tapped in Wesley Sneijder 's corner to level the match for the Turkish champions after 64 minutes . "  In the first half we were too deep and played with fear , " Mancini told broadcaster Sky Sports . "  But I 'm happy with the second half and 1-1 is a good result . " Galatasaray had a goal disallowed in bizarre circumstances in the first half when two balls were in play at the same time . The Turkish side scored from a hastily taken throw-in but Chelsea captain John Terry was still holding the original match ball . Mourinho may have more puzzling conundrums to ponder after the first leg of the last-16 tie . With Galatasaray 's defense worryingly exposed in the first half , Chelsea missed a golden chance to go home with an away victory in the bag . "  In the first half the game was our game , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  I am not criticizing our strikers but in the first half we had many chances to do the second goal . "  I ca n't complain ; the players were fantastic . The result is not amazing and the second leg will be difficult , we have to try to go through . " The decisive return leg will be played on March 18 .	Real Madrid punish FC Shalke with a brilliant 6-1 display Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema all score twice Chelsea settle for 1-1 draw against Galatasaray in Istanbul The second legs of the last-16 ties take place on March 18
CNN  -- Casey Anthony was "  polite and cooperative " in her first meeting with her probation officer for check fraud and fraudulent use of a personal ID , a Florida Department of Corrections spokeswoman said Thursday . Gretl Plessinger , the department 's communications director , said that Anthony reported to a probation office Wednesday at 6 p.m. for a visit that lasted a little over an hour . Anthony previously had been sentenced to one year of probation , which including monthly check-in meetings plus "  random contacts " in the public . "  She told the probation officer that she intended to do well on probation , " Plessinger said of Anthony . "  She was polite and cooperative . " In July , a jury acquitted Anthony on murder charges related to the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , though she was convicted on four counts for misleading law enforcement . The probation sentence stems from a different conviction , for which a judge sentenced her in January 2010 , on felony check fraud for stealing a checkbook from a friend and writing five checks for $ 644.25 . Anthony 's attorneys have argued repeatedly -- and , ultimately , unsuccessfully -- that their client should not have to serve her probation in Florida , pointing to a court document that erroneously stated she would serve her probation while in prison awaiting the murder trial . As the corrections department had previously said in a statement , officials are not releasing Anthony 's address "  or anything that might lead to the discovery of her location , " said Plessinger . This move is an effort to comply with a judge 's order that Anthony 's whereabouts should remain confidential for her own safety . "  The court made a pretty strong statement , talking about how she 's one of the most hated women in America , " Plessinger said . "  We want to make sure that she 's treated like other offenders , in that if she violates these court orders , we will immediately notify the court . But we will put security measures in place . " Those measures include not inputting Anthony 's information into a public database , as is typically the case with offenders . In addition , her probation officer will not be identified by name . Under the terms of her sentence , Anthony must meet with her probation officer no later than the fifth day of each month . She ca n't change her residence or employment and , as Plessinger said Thursday , her probation officer would have to OK a travel permit if Anthony wants to leave the county . Her probation office is in Orange County , unless she makes a request that is granted to move elsewhere in Florida . None of Anthony 's attorneys was present when she met with the probation officer Wednesday , the state spokeswoman said . In that meeting , the officer "  laid out for her , in detail , the conditions " -- after which Anthony indicated "  she understood those conditions , " said Plessinger . Among other things , Anthony 's sentence requires her to pay the state of Florida $ 20 per month toward the cost of supervision plus a 4 % surcharge , unless the fees are waived . During the period covered by the sentence , she will not be allowed to drink excessively . She is also barred from any personal contact with the check-fraud victim for the duration of the probation period . Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland had earlier ordered Anthony to serve a year of probation after her release in the charges involving her daughter , but a clerk misunderstood the judge and prepared an order that the judge later signed , instructing that Anthony would serve the probation while in custody awaiting trial . The order was updated August 1 to add the words "  upon release . " But Anthony 's lawyers contended that she could n't be required to serve probation , arguing that she had already served it while in custody under a signed order from Strickland . They also argued that serving the probation sentence now would violate constitutional protections against having to serve a sentence twice for the same offense . A Florida appeals court affirmed earlier this week that Anthony would have to serve the one-year probation sentence . She can not , the court ruled , "  take advantage " of an administrative error to avoid serving the sentence , which was first imposed in 2010 . This backed up a ruling earlier this month by Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. , who said Strickland 's verbal order was binding and ordered Anthony to report for probation in Florida on the bad-check charge by Friday . The attorney general 's office wrote that Anthony "  upon her release  July 17  , should have reported " for probation -- something she did not do . In an emergency petition filed on Wednesday with the same appeals court , Anthony 's defense team asked that the court overturn Perry 's order before the required date . They also asked the appellate court to strip Perry of further jurisdiction in the case . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III contributed to this report .	NEW : A Florida corrections spokeswoman says Casey Anthony was cooperative NEW : Anthony tells probation officer that she intends to do well , official adds Anthony started her one-year probation sentence Wednesday evening Officials refused to provide Anthony 's location , citing security concerns
CNN  -- The greatest in an illustrious lineage of Cuban fighters , Savon dominated the amateur heavyweight division between winning his first world championship in 1986 and claiming his third Olympic gold medal in 2000 . Savon : Fidel Castro 's favorite sportsman . Savon 's final fight , in Sydney aged 33 , was also one of his toughest . By the end he was bleeding badly from a cut underneath his eye , yet he still out-scored Russian opponent Sultan Ahmed Ibragimov 21-13 . Raising a national flag above his head -- he had been given it personally by Fidel Castro before leaving for Australia -- he dedicated his success to the people of Cuba . By winning his third gold medal , Savon also emulated the achievement of compatriot Tefilo Stevenson , who dominated the super heavyweight division between 1972 and 1980 . The pair are the only two fighters to win the same division at three Olympics . Savon was arguably a better fighter . He would probably have won gold in Seoul in 1988 as well , had Cuba not boycotted the Games . And his run of six straight amateur world championships was only ended in 1999 when the entire Cuban team walked out in protest at alleged refereeing injustices . Crushing win In Barcelona in 1992 , Savon had earned his first Olympic gold with a crushing 14-1 win against Nigeria 's David Izonritel . Four years later in Atlanta , he scored another emphatic victory , pummelling David Defiagbon of Canada 20-2 . With amateur boxing 's age limit of 34 , Savon retired after Sydney to become coach of the Cuban national team . What would Savon have achieved if he had abandoned the amateur ranks ? The offers were certainly there : Don King reputedly offered him $ 10 million to fight professionally . Many experts argue that Savon could have been as dominant as another former Olympic champion -- Cassius Clay . Yet , fittingly for a great Olympian , Savon has remained defiantly amateur and an outspoken critic of professional boxing 's casino culture . "  I never would have traded the love and affection of my people for all the millions in the world , " he said .	Olympic record : 3 gold medals Savon had earned his first Olympic gold with a crushing 14-1 win Boxer ; born September 22 , 1967 in San Vicente , Cuba
Washington  CNN  -- Some Transportation Security Administration airport screeners should be given firearms and arrest powers to protect the larger workforce from shootings like last week 's tragedy in Los Angeles , the head of the screeners union said Monday . J. David Cox Sr. proposed creating a "  new class of TSA officers " that would have law enforcement status . Those officers -- and not airport police -- should be entrusted to protect checkpoints , Cox said . "  We want to make sure we are doing everything possible to secure screening areas , " said Cox , national president of the American Federation of Government Employees , which represents the nation 's 45,000 transportation security officers . Friday 's shooting has reignited the debates over the proper role of airport screeners and how best to protect the workforce charged with protecting the American public . Ideas run the gamut , from giving screeners guns to taking away their police-like badges . Critics say the Transportation Security Administration erred in 2005 , when in an effort to professionalize the workforce and boost morale , it reclassified screeners as "  officers . " The title wrongly implies that screeners carry guns and have arrest powers , critics say , and gives the public a skewed view of their jobs . In 2007 , the agency issued screeners uniforms with blue shirts , and the next year , it replaced the embroidered logos with metal badges . The result , critics say , is a work force of more than 45,000 people who hold the job of "  officer " in name only . "  Despite their title and appearance TSA transportation security officers are not in fact federal officers , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , said Monday . Arming the officers "  would only make matters worse , " said Blackburn , who has sponsored legislation to prevent the workers from wearing metal badges and using the title "  officer . " In his two public appearances since the shooting , TSA Administrator John Pistole , a career FBI agent before moving to the TSA in 2010 , has sidestepped questions about whether the officers should be armed . Officer safety "  is something we have dealt with really since the standup of TSA , knowing that in many respects TSA employees are the first line of defense when it comes to airport security particularly , " Pistole said Saturday . "  And so given this tragedy , we will obviously look at and review our policies with airport police both here at LAX and of course around the country . " Officer safety is "  something that we have to assess , evaluate and then see what the best approach is , knowing that in the final analysis we ca n't guard against all threats and all risks , " Pistole said . Former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge called the idea of arming officers a "  a big mistake . " "  You have literally hundreds and hundreds of armed police officers roaming every major airport in America . And I do n't think arming another 40 or 50 or 60 thousand people ... would have prevented this incident from happening , " he said . "  When the individual removed the firearm , began firing , the response mechanism kicked in . So I personally think  arming screeners  is a bad idea . " Both Pistole and Ridge spoke before Cox proposed creating a new tier of TSA offices . Providing guns to all 45,000-plus officers would be a weighty challenge . Currently , the federal air marshals are the only TSA officers who carry weapons , and most were drawn from the ranks of law enforcement or the military . A change would be time-consuming , distracting officers from their mission : finding people and items that present threats to aircraft . And the change would introduce weapons into checkpoints , where they could be grabbed by deranged passengers and used against officers . Mission creep Meanwhile , airport police department unions have complained about TSA "  mission creep . " Mission creep "  threatens the security of the airport , " representatives of the American Alliance of Airport Police Officers wrote in a letter to Pistole in September 2012 . "  TSA has expanded the scope of their authority beyond screening areas to more traditional ` police ' work without clear lines of delineation with airport police , jeopardizing public safety , contributing to a break in chain-of-command , and delaying timely law enforcement responses , " the group wrote . "  TSA agents are attempting to investigate and/or correct  security  breaches , " the letter said , endangering the public , delaying police involvement and causing travel disruptions . TSA employees should be restricted to conducting passenger and bag screening , the letter said . The letter was signed by Marshall McClain , president of the Los Angeles Airport Peace Officers Association , and Paul Nunziato , president of the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association . McClain said the TSA never responded to the letter . In the letter , the alliance said airport police have had a "  long and productive " history working with federal law enforcement officers and the TSA 's air marshals . "  The only federal entity with which our officers experience constant tension is with TSA non-law enforcement operations , " it reads . What 's next Although congress could decide to give TSA officers guns or remove their badges , there is a range of other options . Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , specifically mentioned the increased use of VIPR teams , which pair armed air marshals with other agencies to patrol airports and other transportation venues . "  I think that with better coordination with local law enforcement should help tremendously , " McCaul said on CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley . But McCaul placed little stock in other suggestions such as moving checkpoints closer to terminal doors . "  It 's very difficult to stop these types of attacks , " McCaul said . "  Anybody can show up , as we saw in the  Washington Navy Yard shooting  with the shotgun , in this case with the semi-automatic . "  It 's almost like an open shopping mall . So , it 's very difficult to protect . But these VIPR teams , I think , with local law enforcement ca n't provide that needed security . We are going to be reviewing this along with the director of TSA . " Ridge expressed a similar sentiment . "  At the end of the day , I think there are certain kinds of risks for which there is no sensible , thoughtful , reasonable , economically appropriate way to abandon or to eradicate . And this happens to be one of them , at airports , " Ridge said .	TSA screeners union says some should get firearms , arrest powers Shooting at Los Angles airports restarts debated over screeners role in airport security Airport police unions disagree , saying arming TSA workers would be "  mission creep "
They shall grow not old , as we that are left grow old : Age shall not weary them , nor the years condemn . At the going down of the sun and in the morning We will remember them .  Laurence Binyon 1869-1943 Nearly a century might have passed -- but the memory of one of the most famous football matches to have ever taken place remains as strong as ever . Some 98 years have elapsed since British and German troops on the front line emerged from their trenches on that fateful Christmas Day in 1914 . While the Germans lined their trenches with decorations and sang carols , the British responded by running onto no man 's land with a ball at their feet and a "  Christmas truce " was born . The two sides , both enduring its first winter of combat , decided an impromptu football match would be one way to create some camaraderie . It is an event which is still fondly remembered today with the English Premier League 's Christmas Truce Tournament bringing the story to the next generation . The present This weekend , teams from Belgium , France , Germany and England will take part in a competition to honor those who fell in the Great War . The tournament will see some of the best players under the age of 12 compete in the Flemish town of Ypres in Belgium , one of the areas to be decimated by fighting and bloodshed . Football made its own sacrifice to the Great War where more than 8,000 officers and men from the 17th and 23rd Middlesex perished at the Somme alone . The "  Footballers Battalion " as it was known , included players from a whole host of clubs ranging from Chelsea and West Ham to Clapton Orient , now Leyton Orient . Read : Black pioneer 's battle against racism Tottenham 's Walter Tull , the first black outfield player to star in the top flight and the first black infantry officer in the British Army , also lost his life . While such facts are hard to comprehend for most adults , these 12-year-old children are given an insight into a time where evil plagued the earth and some 20 million lost their lives . The plan The Premier League has two objectives for the project -- player development and education . "  We got a fantastic reaction from the town of Ypres and the teams that took part in the 2011 tournament , " said Ged Roddy , Director of Youth at the Premier League . "  We are expressing our commitment to the competition by doubling it in size this year . "  By the time of the 2014 commemorations we hope that the Premier League Christmas Truce Tournament will be recognized as an established cultural event . "  The Christmas Truce Tournament brings education to life . Our work in this area has already been highlighted by Ofsted when we got our ` Outstanding ' rating ; they recognized that Premier League clubs encourage open minds that accept and welcome other cultures . Read : A light through addiction 's ` dark days ' "  An important job for the Premier League Education Department is to help clubs develop more rounded young men . "  We are using the Christmas Truce Tournament to not only foster the development of closer relationships between European clubs but develop greater understanding of the importance of shared histories . " This year , reigning champion Manchester United returns with West Bromwich Albion , while FC Schalke 04 and Borussia Moenchengladbach represent Germany . Anderlecht , Beerschot and Club Brugge provide Belgian representation with Valenciennes flying the flag for France . Poignant For West Bromwich Albion , this tournament is rather poignant . Harold Bache , a former player at the club , died at Ypres and is commemorated on the Menin Gate along with 57,000 British and Commonwealth soldiers who were killed in the Ypres Salient of the First World War . On Friday night , West Brom 's players , including a child who attends the same school as Bache studied at , will lay a wreath at the Menin Gate along with players from Manchester United , West Brom , Anderlecht and Beerschot . That will be followed on the Saturday by a dinner , which will be attended by dignitaries from the British Legion , UK Government and Ypres . And after the games have been played and the final whistle blown , perhaps these children will have learned a lesson -- and a story to tell their children one day in the future .	Premier League to hold "  Christmas Truce " tournament in memory of Great War Children representing teams from England , France , Germany and Belgium compete FC Schalke 04 , Borussia Moenchengladbach , Manchester United all in attendance Manchester United won the inaugural tournament in 2011
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Ugandan police announced Thursday the arrest of a 22-year-old man who they say confessed to killing gay rights activist David Kato . In a news conference at which suspect Enock Nsubuga was presented to the media , authorities said he admitted using a hammer to bludgeon Kato to death . Nsubuga was taken into custody Wednesday afternoon , though police said they 'd been tracking him for several days . The head of Uganda 's national police , Kale Kayihura , said Thursday in the capital , Kampala , that Nsubuga was an ex-convict who had been working in Kato 's garden at the time of the activist 's death . After being detained , Nsubuga admitted to killing Kato and explained why he did so , according to Kayihura . According to the suspect , Kato , 46 , promised to pay Nsubuga money for having sex with him . But Kato never followed through . An angered Nsubuga told police that he then took a hammer from the bathroom and fatally beat Kato . Kayihura said he believes the attack was not a hate crime , as has been widely reported , but rather stemmed primarily from Nsubuga 's desire to get money from Kato . The police chief denounced elements within the public , as well as the media , for reports that he claimed had fueled aggression against Uganda 's homosexual community . He specifically mentioned a report from Rolling Stone -- a Ugandan tabloid that is not affiliated with the iconic U.S. music magazine by the same name -- that published a list late last year of the African nation 's "  top 100 homosexuals " with their photos , addresses and a banner with the words "  Hang Them . " Kato 's name and picture were on the list . According to Kato 's lawyer , the activist had feared for his safety prior to his death , even alerting police about his concerns . Late last week , human rights activist Naomi Ruzindana said she did not believe the killing was a robbery gone wrong . "  I do n't think it 's a coincidence that it happened ... he had got threats over and again , " she said . Nsubuga had a long criminal history , including being jailed recently for stealing a cell phone , police said . According to neighbors , Nsubuga was last seen leaving the activist 's house on Tuesday of last week . Kato was found dead the following day . Chaos ensued at his funeral last Friday , after a pastor rebuked homosexuals at the service in Mukono , a small hillside village outside the capital . Mourners took away the man 's microphone and police whisked him away from the angry crowds . A sympathetic Anglican bishop stepped in to finish the ceremony . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . Ugandan lawmakers shelved a controversial "  anti-gay " proposal introduced in 2009 that would impose tough penalties against homosexuality , including life imprisonment and the death penalty . Even with Nsubuga 's arrest and alleged confession , as well as the earlier detainment of Kato 's driver , the police chief said Thursday that the murder investigation is continuing .	Murder suspect Enock Nsubuga was arrested Wednesday Ugandan police say he confessed to killing activist David Kato in a botched robbery Police chief claims killing is n't hate crime , blasts reports for fueling aggression against gays Kato said he felt threatened , especially after a 2010 article with the banner "  Hang Them "
A U.S. general who oversaw nuclear weapons boozed , fraternized with "  hot women " and disrespected his hosts during an official visit to Russia this year , an investigative report shows . Maj. Gen. Michael Carey led the 20th Air Force responsible for three nuclear wings . He was relieved of duty in October because of loss of confidence in his leadership , the Air Force said at the time without providing specific details . But an Air Force Inspector General report released Thursday sheds more light into the case . It details the events of a July trip to Moscow in which witnesses recalled Carey drinking too much . During a layover in Switzerland , the report states , he bragged loudly about his position as commander of a nuclear force , saying he "  saves the world from war every day . " And the shenanigans continued in Moscow , according to the report . Alcohol , comments flow While there , Carey and an unidentified man walked to a nearby hotel to meet "  two foreign national women . " He returned to his Marriott hotel room in the wee hours of the morning . As a result , Carey was 45 minutes late in joining a delegation to the Moscow suburb of Sergiyev Posad , according to the report . He attributed the tardiness to jet lag , and said his body clock was out of whack . During a lunch banquet later , he downed more alcohol and talked about Syria and Edward Snowden , according to the report . Though the report did not reveal details on his talks , it said his Russian hosts were not amused by his comments . Russia granted Snowden , a former NSA contractor who released intelligence secrets , temporary asylum this year . It is also a major ally of Syria . ` Very embarrassing ' fist bump In addition , Carey announced he 'd "  met two hot women the night before , " and continually interrupted a monastery guide during a tour , the report said , his speech slurred the entire time . "  At one point , he tried to give her  the guide  a fist bump , " the report said , citing a witness . "  She had no idea what he was trying to do . It was again , very , very embarrassing . " The names of the witnesses are redacted in the report . During dinner at a Mexican restaurant , he drank more alcohol and wanted to perform with the live band , which wanted no part of it , the report said . He later left his delegation and joined the two women he 'd met the night before at a different table . Tardiness and interruptions Other inappropriate behavior included arriving at events late despite his Russian hosts ' request to be on time , and interrupting their toasts to make his own commentary . His conduct was unbecoming of an officer , the report said . The inspector general 's office began its investigation after multiple "  reports of misbehavior " while Carey was traveling on business . He was reassigned a few weeks ago pending the outcome of the investigation . Experts say someone in his position should not put himself in a situation where he can unintentionally give up sensitive information . There was no indication Carey 's behavior compromised sensitive nuclear information or went beyond drinking , dancing and fraternizing with the women , officials said . CNN 's repeated attempts to reach Carey were unsuccessful . Otherwise distinctive career Though his behavior did not impact highly sensitive nuclear weapons operations , officials said , it is unbecoming for a job in such a critical position . "  This was an unfortunate incident . Maj. Gen. Carey has otherwise served the nation extremely well , " said Gen William Shelton , who heads the Air Force Space Command . "  After full consideration of all the available information , I determined the evidence supported taking further command action in addition to his previous removal from command of 20th Air Force . " He was transferred to the Air Force space operation . "  I am confident Maj. Gen. Carey will use his depth of space expertise to assist my command in providing foundational space and cyberspace capabilities to the warfighter , " Shelton said . Leading the intercontinental nuclear ballistic missile facilities and operations is "  a position of great trust and responsibility , " said Lt. Gen James Kowalski , head of the Air Force Global Strike Command . "  Personal behavior is vital to that . " The U.S. delegation was in Russia for a bilateral presidential commission on military issues . ` Fat Leonard ' , Lady Gaga and the U.S. Navy : New details in bribery case	Maj. Gen. Michael Carey oversaw three nuclear wings During a trip to Russia in July , he showed up late for meetings and misbehaved An Air Force Inspector General report sheds more light into the investigation He was relieved of duty in October because of loss of confidence in his leadership
CNN Student News  -- September 9 , 2013 Today on CNN Student News , we report on an important vote facing Congress , with different messages circulating around the U.S. . We also step inside a Syrian refugee camp to get a sense of the challenges facing the displaced . And we explain how Tokyo won the opportunity to host the Olympics for the first time since 1964 . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What elements might you include in a video that 's intended to raise awareness about hazing ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . refugee camp 2 . concave shape 3 . hazing Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what Syrian border country does a refugee arrive every 15 seconds ? 2 . What city was chosen to host the 2020 Olympic Games ? 3 . What 's the science behind how a London skyscraper helped damage a nearby car ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might a massive influx of refugees strain a host country 's resources ? What are some resources that Syrian refugees might need ? In what ways might aid groups be able to help ? 2 . What are some criteria that could be used to determine a host city for the Olympics ? What are your thoughts on the city that was chosen for the 2020 games ? If you were attending the Olympics , what events would you want to see ? 3 . What kinds of "  safeguards " do you think Florida A&M University put in place against hazing ? How do you think students there might respond to these ? Why do you think that hazing might be an issue in some schools but not in others ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria Tokyo , Japan Europe London , England FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Ahead of the first grand slam tournament of the year , the Australian Open , defending champion Roger Federer has exclusively told CNN 's Pedro Pinto that his rivalry with Rafael Nadal is only on the tennis court -- and the pair are good friends when the action stops . "  Some people might think that it 's strange . Some other people think its great and it 's actually really nice for the sport , " Federer said . "  In the past , maybe there have been much tougher and harsher rivalries . People would n't talk to each other , they did n't like each other and they needed to hate each other to actually perform well against each other . But it does n't need to be that way , " he added . Fierce competition with the Spaniard has not only made both of them better players , Federer says , but also forged a stronger bond between them . At the end of last year , Nadal accepted the World No. 2 's invitation to play in the "  Match for Africa " in Zurich for the Roger Federer Foundation which funds child development in Africa . Federer aims to help Australian flood victims The Swiss won that battle , although Nadal evened things up when the two faced each other in Madrid . And Federer has carried the good form he showed at the end of 2010 into the new year , already winning the Qatar Open in Doha for the third time in his career . Federer and Nadal did not face each other in the gulf state , but their paths have crossed 22 times since 2004 , with Nadal currently leading the head-to-head 14 victories to eight . Federer is now turning his attention to the Australian Open in Melbourne , but admits to feeling a few nerves heading into the tournament . Should tennis follow football 's lead ? "  There 's a bit of pressure being the defending champion , but I love going down to Australia ; it 's a wonderful place to play tennis . "  In the off season I practiced really well , so I feel very confident going into the tournament , " Federer added . Federer 's resurgence in form has also given his critics food for thought , with some commentators believing that the 29-year-old 's best days were firmly behind him . "  It is n't the first time that I have been written off . It happened when Rafa took the number one spot a couple of years ago , " continued Federer . "  But I was able to snatch it back and then people were questioning Rafa when he went nine months without winning a tournament . "  It 's disappointing that people have short memories . Even after everything you have done there are those who write you off so quickly . "  It 's frustrating to say the least . You walk into press conferences and there is a negative tone in there , when really there is nothing to be negative about . "  Sometimes , I am beaten simply because my opponent has played better than me , but often that fact is n't respected which I do n't think is fair . " In addition to his regular backroom team -- which includes the Swiss Davis captain Severin Luthi -- Federer will also draw on the experience of renowned coach Paul Annacone , who he recruited in August last year and has overseen a definite upsurge in Federer 's performances . Federer to link up with coach Annacone "  I just thought it would be nice to get someone else into my team who comes in with huge experience and comes from a different angle , " he said . So what has Federer learnt from Annacaone , a man who coached Pete Sampras for six years . "  He 's obviously told me to play more aggressive , because I did have a tendency to start chipping the backhand return into play just getting the rally started . "  So we 've been working on a few key little areas and they seemed to have worked ... "	Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal share a rivalry on court , but also a friendship off it Sixteen-time grand slam champion says some people might find friendship strange but it 's good for tennis Federer starts defense of Australian Open title in Melbourne this month New coach Paul Annacone has urged Federer to be more aggressive
London , England  CNN  -- A 53-day journey by train might sound like murder on the Orient Express , but one enterprising British travel company is offering rail tickets that take nearly eight weeks to circumnavigate the globe . As you 'd expect for the $ 36,500 price tag , you wo n't be spending six weeks cooped in the cheap seats listening to other people yammering into their cell phones . The ticket offered by Great Rail Journeys is first class most of the way , crossing three continents in the kind of style you 'd associate with a golden age of rail travel -- albeit without the top hats and tailcoats . En route , passengers get to experience some of the world 's most luxurious trains , including the Tsar 's Gold Private Train from Mongolia , the Venice Simplon Orient-Express and the British Orient Express Pullman . The itinerary begins in London on May 18 , 2015 . "  We 've got some pretty long journeys in our portfolio , but we 've never done the full circumnavigation , " Julian Appleyard of Great Rail Journeys said . Passengers will fly to New York and then spend 20 days crossing North America by train . They call in at Washington , Chicago and Denver and then sample a few classic rail rides such as Colorado 's scenic Royal Gorge route and the steam-powered Durango & Silverton line . Ten epic train journeys There 's a side trip to the Grand Canyon , a sojourn in Los Angeles and a boat ride to San Francisco , where passengers take to the air once again to reach Shanghai . The trip sticks firmly to the rails from then on , taking passengers from Xian , home of terra cotta warriors , to Beijing and then on to Russia via Mongolia . The journey links up with the epic Trans-Siberian line to reach Moscow before pressing on into Europe . After calling at Warsaw , Prague , Vienna , Innsbruck and Venice , it heads back to London . Appleyard says the company had sold its first tickets but is planning to limit numbers to about 25 to "  keep it fairly exclusive . " "  There is a huge number of people who are interested in rail as a method of travel , " he said . "  This is quite clearly the longest and most expensive trip we 've ever done so it 's going to appeal to the wealthy and , at 53 days , people with time on their hands . " If 53 days sounds a little on the slow side , another company offers a similar journey in reverse , via Canada , that takes a mere 40 days . Ffestiniog Travel , based in Wales , charges $ 32,765 for its escorted tour starting May 3 . Or you could just catch a plane . Amtrak officially rolls out writers ' residency	Round-the-world ticket offered by Great Rail Journeys begins and ends in London Travelers will spend two weeks crossing the United States before transferring to China by air From Beijing , passengers travel to Mongolia then Russia via the Trans-Siberian Railway
CNN  If there 's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around China for 460 days , it 's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip . That 's what happened to cyclist Wang Pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country , according to local media . Arriving in the southern city of Shenzhen , in southern Guandong province , Wang locked up his trusty mountain bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets in the city 's Huaqiangbei area . Within 10 minutes the thieves struck . But here 's where the story takes an unexpected turn . Despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , Shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it . The Southern Metro News reported that police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent Wang a photo of a bike they recovered . He recognized it instantly . They said the theft , from a road junction "  infested " by cycle thieves was caught on surveillance cameras . The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered . "  We do n't want this lad visiting Shenzhen and having a bad memory of the city , " a police spokesman told the paper . Now , with 29,200 kilometers under his tires , Wang can continue the final few days of his epic journey . He 'll be able to add his final destination , Hainan Island , to a route that has already taken in some of the country 's most far-flung places . Among them are Mohe in Heilongjiang , China 's northernmost and coldest place , Urumqi in the west and Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture in the southwest . . Wang , a recent university graduate , who embarked on his trip with a budget of little more than $ 100 , had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike , vowing to walk if he could n't be reunited with his "  old lover . " "  It has a special meaning to me , " he said , according to SMN . Before the bike 's recovery , Wang had posted a heart-rending tribute to his bike on social media , recalling their adventures together . "  The bicycle itself does n't have a high value , but spending more than a year with it , it 's like a best friend who has accompanied me on my way , and taken me to every place without complaints , " he writes . "  Thank you , my buddy , maybe I 'll never see you again ... I remember I cried during the difficult times at the beginning of the trip and you were by my side . " CNN 's Shen Lu , Maggie Hiufu Wong and Barry Neild contributed to this story	Cyclist Wang Pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around China Locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in Shenzhen , Guandong Province Wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odds
CNN  -- Spanish newspapers hailed a virtuoso performance by the country 's footballing maestros on Friday after the national side advanced to the final of Euro 2008 with a 3-0 win over Russia in Vienna . Spanish goalkeeper Iker Casillas and defender Carlos Marchena celebrate their side 's victory over Russia . "  Spain play a symphony to Europe ... the dream is a reality " , said Marca , singling out midfielder Cesc Fabregas for special praise . "  If a month ago we had said that a Spanish orchestra would triumph in the land of music , more than a few would have said we were crazy . " It had been "  the perfect game " declared sports paper As , which printed a double page headline reading "  Of course we can ! " across its front and back pages . "  Germany , surrender ! " said another headline on its Web site , looking forward to Sunday 's showdown with the three-time European champions . Even Spain 's normally conservative non-sporting newspapers carried pictures of the Spanish team on their front page as a nation synonymous with underachievement in major tournaments celebrated reaching a first major final for the first time since the 1984 European Championships . "  Spain blows away Europe , " said El Pais , hailing an "  unforgettable " performance and noting that the team was now "  just a centimeter from the summit of Everest . " ABC said Spain had won to "  a chorus of oles , " while El Mundo hailed an "  epic " victory . In Russia meanwhile , newspapers expressed pride at the performance of a team which had gone further than expected and produced a memorable display to beat early favorites the Netherlands in the quarterfinals . "  Last night we saw the end of a beautiful fairytale , " said Rossiiskaya Gazeta , noting that the "  time for miracles passed very quickly . " "  This young Russian team leaves Euro 2008 with its head held high , having made many friends with its attractive attacking football , " said Pravda , noting that expectations had been raised for the next World Cup in South Africa in 2010 : "  We can say with all confidence , Da zavtra , Rossiya ! See you tomorrow , Russia ! " Popular daily Tvoi Den said Russians had many reasons to be proud of their team and offered thanks to the Russian 's Dutch coach Guus Hiddink , who has already signed a contract up to the next World Cup : "  One hopes that in two years nobody will be able to stop us . "	Spanish newspapers hail national side 's victory over Russia at Euro 2008 Underachievers Spain reach first major final in 24 years Russians lament "  end of a beautiful fairy tale , " look ahead to 2010 World Cup
Call it Yelp for moving vans . Unpakt , a comparison site that lets visitors find reputable moving companies and book them online , announced Monday that it 's expanding its services , adding the ability to get free , instant price quotes through the site and a tool to help calculate the total cost of a move from various services . "  My goal in founding Unpakt was to bring transparency to the moving industry while taking the hassle out of the booking process for consumers , " Sharone Ben-Harosh , founder and CEO of Unpakt , said in a media release . Ben-Harosh has worked in the moving industry for more than two decades and started his own company in 1991 . Part of Unpakt 's mission is to eliminate what he says is a common practice among movers -- quoting a price to customers , then adding fees for what are presented as unanticipated costs . Movers booked through the site agree to a flat rate for a job instead of providing an estimate . Unpakt takes a percentage of the fee for jobs booked through the site . Headquartered in New York City , Unpakt is currently available in 45 states and in over 280 cities . Most recently , the site has added moving companies in Denver , Colorado ; Santa Fe , New Mexico ; Raleigh , North Carolina ; Cheyenne , Wyoming and Davenport , Iowa . With the new Quick Quotes feature , users will get price quotes from Unpakt 's pre-approved companies in less than one minute . They can select an offer immediately , locking in the offered price . The Moving Cost Calculator is a widget that can be installed on other websites . It uses the user 's basic moving information , like home size and moving address , and then provides three quotes from local moving companies . Unpakt has approved more than 500 moving companies for its site .	Unpakt lets users get instant quotes from moving companies The site allows users to lock in a price , not get an estimate Unpakt added two new tools on Monday
Four decades before anyone took an arrow to the knee in "  Skyrim , " adventurers were sitting down with paper and pencil to battle fantasy monsters and explore rich , new worlds in a different kind of role-playing game . "  Dungeons & Dragons , " commonly known simply as D&D , burst onto the scene in 1974 , long before the word "  gaming " came with the implied word "  video " in front of it . In D&D , the brainchild of creators Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , players could become fighters , magic-users , and clerics , and run through adventures created by a "  Dungeon Master " or "  DM " -- the person responsible for controlling nearly every aspect of the game . Players sat around a table rolling multi-sided dice and visualizing the adventure using just their imaginations -- a far cry from today 's vast , richly rendered video-game worlds . But four decades later , and with all its high-tech competition , "  Dungeons & Dragons " continues to grow and evolve . And many of today 's computer games , animated television shows , feature films , novels , and even pop and rock songs owe much to D&D lore . "  In today 's culture , D&D has found its place as a leader and influencer over storytellers across so many different mediums , " said Nathan Stewart , brand director for D&D at Wizards of the Coast , the company publishing the game . "  From game designers and musicians , to scores of screenwriters and film directors , D&D has had a profound effect on those who have brought fantasy and geek culture to the foreground . " Demon worship ? Indeed , many creators of fantasy games and stories today probably cut their teeth on D&D as kids , or teens . The game allowed players to tap into their own creativity while socializing with friends . Or , for some , with their family . Jerry Holkins , co-founder for the webcomic , "  Penny Arcade , " said he started playing D&D with his young aunts and uncles , much to the chagrin of his mother . "  My mom flipped out , of course . The belief that ` Dungeons & Dragons ' constituted some kind of ` satanic ritual ' was a common refrain at my house , " Holkins said . "  When I got older , I hid the fact that I played it . Where she might have found another young person 's pornography or drugs , she found my DM 's guide . Honestly , I think she would have preferred the drugs . " By the early '80s , as the game grew in popularity with wargamers , then college and high school students , it drew the attention of some religious groups that claimed -- as they would with "  Harry Potter " decades later -- that the game encouraged witchcraft and demon worship . For others , D&D opened the door to expanding their circle of friends at a time in their formative years when shyness may have otherwise taken over . Video game creator Ken Levine did n't have friends to play D&D with when he discovered the game in 1978 . But a trip to summer camp and a chance meeting with others who played introduced him to many new people . "  So I went from having no friends and no social circle to an immediate social circle through ` Dungeons & Dragons , ' " said Levine , who is best known as creator of the "  Bioshock " series . "  We were playing a module out of the ` Dragon ' magazine called ` The Mansion of Mad Professor Ludlow . ' The Dungeon Master that night is still my best friend to this day . " "  Without Dungeons & Dragons , there is a very different person in this chair right now . I just do n't know if I would have made the connection -- the social network with the people I met . " By 1981 , the game had more than 3 million players worldwide . By 2007 , that number grew to 6 million , and the numbers keep rising . Influence on video games Universally considered the first modern role-playing game , D&D set the benchmark for many future RPG games -- either the table-top or computer variety . Beyond simple game mechanics , the game allowed players to understand how to tell a story or craft an adventure that kept people engaged and entertained . "  Often times when people think of D&D , they think of the dice , maps and groups of friends sitting around the kitchen table , " Stewart said . "  But D&D has also been in the video game space as far back as 1982 and has served as the inspiration for a lot of today 's digital games . " The influence of "  Dungeons & Dragons " on video games has been clear from the beginning . "  D&D was about creativity -- both in terms of the player experience and the Dungeon Master experience , " Levine said . "  Once I started getting exposed to Gygax 's world -- sitting there and thumbing through the pages of the ` Monster Manual ' over and over again and the other manuals of Advanced D&D , I saw his whole vision . It exposed me to creatively minded people who thought about fantasy and genre things the way I did . It really got the ball rolling for me . " In 1988 , the first officially-licensed video game based on D&D was released by Strategic Simulations , Inc. "  Pool of Radiance " was an adaptation of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons rule set , and was generally well received by fans and critics . More successful video games would follow including the "  Baldur 's Gate " series and the "  Neverwinter Nights " collection . Holkins played many of the games and felt the games leveraged the vast settings of the D&D 's campaigns without tying themselves to its specific rules -- thereby leaning more on storytelling rather than combat . "  As far as it being an influence on videogames , that 's not even a conversation , " Holkins said . "  In the Western CRPG  computer role-playing games  tradition , the lineage is so direct as to be a straight line . " And many who play games like "  Diablo , " "  Dark Souls " and "  World of Warcraft , " often connected to teammates and opponents through headsets and computer chat channels , also gather together for the social experience that is an old-fashioned "  D&D " session . "  Dungeons & Dragons " sessions are social , Levine said . "  You are surrounded by your friends and not  someone  yelling and cursing at you over their Xbox headset . "  You get to have this really nice experience playing with friends . " Holkins agrees . "  Different groups are all playing the same game , theoretically , but in practice there 's a lot of culture that is n't really portable from table to table and people approach it with their own style , " he said . "  It would have to be like that , when you think about it . At root , the game is about a group of people who are all agreeing to imagine the same thing . Is ` intimate ' the right word ? I think I could make a case . " New D&D rules The game itself has evolved over many official and unofficial rule changes in its 40 years . From the original rules in 1974 to "  Advanced Dungeons & Dragons " in 1981 up to "  D&D 4th Edition " released in 2008 , the idea has always been to give players a framework to create adventures the way they want to experience and enjoy them . "  There are certain things about the D&D game that transcend generations -- the storytelling aspect , the desire to become something greater than yourself or just something different from yourself , " said Chris Perkins , senior design manager for story and world building for Dungeons & Dragons . "  I think those experiences have given the D&D game its longevity because they are timeless . " Two years and 170,000 playtesters later , those timeless ideals are implanted in the fifth and latest generation of rules which were announced by Wizards of the Coast on Monday . A brand new "  Player 's Handbook , " "  Monster Manual , " and "  Dungeon Master 's Guide " will be released this summer , setting the foundations for the game 's future . In addition to new rules , the creative team at Wizards of the Coast announced an original storyline that will extend beyond the tabletop and into digital gaming . Tiamat , a powerful goddess that takes the form of a multi-colored , five-headed dragon , is at the core of the new "  Tyranny of Dragons " tale . A new module for the D&D online game , "  Neverwinter , " will launch on August 14 and be "  the premier digital ` Dungeons & Dragons ' experience for players , " according to a press release . Two new tabletop adventures will also be released , one on August 19 and the other on October 21 . A new line of miniatures  figures that represent player characters and others they encounter  is also planned to be used in conjunction with the fifth edition of core rules . "  We 're aiming to tell the story not only in the role-playing game , but in other venues so that people can experience it at a number of different levels to a number of different depths , " Perkins said . "  We have n't really dealt with dragons much in the  Forgotten Realms  over the past 40 years . It 's been a long time since we 've had an iconic villain on the order of Tiamat . " He said the experience will be different depending on what platform you access the story . Players will have a shared story , but what actually happens during a tabletop game will be different than in the digital games . While rule changes have usually resulted in the gnashing of teeth and wailing of voices from some players , Perkins said there is flexibility built in to the new edition so players can play and enjoy whatever type of game they want , using as much or as little of the new system as they want . Perkins acts as the Dungeon Master for the Acquisitions , Inc. , adventures at PAX conventions and plans to show everyone how the new rules can work . "  When I run the game at PAX Prime this summer , I 'm going to do it even differently , " he said . "  I 'm going to have ` Theater of the Mind ' elements , but I 'm also going to have very strong visuals and there will be miniatures because I 'm going to try to demonstrate without actually calling attention to it that you can present and play the D&D game in any one of a number of different ways and it is still Dungeons & Dragons . " Stewart and Perkins believe the future of stories in games will be best told through a transmedia experience and they hope players will usher in a familiar future for D&D . It is a sentiment shared by Levine and Holkins . "  Let 's get a group of friends together and have an adventure , " Levine said . "  In reality , that 's what the future of video gaming wants to be . It wants to be a place where the player has the ability to be more expressive . "	As "  Dungeons & Dragons " turns 40 , it 's still inspiring gamers The 5th edition of D&D rules will be announced Monday Video games , movies , TV shows owe a debt to the classic game Wizards of the Coast says game will continue having digital components
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's unbeaten run in the Bundesliga continued on Saturday as they beat Nuremburg 2-0 at the Grundig Stadium . Pep Guardiola 's side have dropped just four points all season and have now taken maximum points from their last 11 games . The result not only extended their unbeaten league record to 45 matches but also equals their own record of 29 consecutive away games without losing set during the 2011/12 season . Nuremburg had won their last two league matches , but Bayern were soon in front as striker Mario Mandzukic volleyed home in the 18th minute . The 27-year-old Croatian international turned provider four minutes into the second half laying on the ball for Philipp Lahm to drive the ball home and double the lead . There could have been more goals for the visitors but in the end two were enough to see the Bavarians extend their season tally to 56 points and restore a 13-point lead following second-placed Leverkusen 's 1-0 win at Monchengladbach on Friday . Borussia Dortmund recorded back-to-back league wins for the first time since November with a thumping 5-1 win at Werder Bremen . Striker Robert Lewandowski and Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan both scoring twice as Jurgen Klopp 's side consolidated third place ahead of fourth-placed Schalke who entertain Hannover on Sunday . Elsewhere , there was an encouraging 3-0 win for Frankfurt against bottom-of-the-table Braunschweig who look increasing doomed to drop out of Germany 's top league . Armin Veh 's side , meanwhile , move up to 12th place . Sixth-place Wolfsburg were also 3-0 winners against Mainz on Saturday while Freiburg and Hoffenheim drew 1-1 . Read more : Liverpool thrash Arsenal in EPL Read more : Manaus World Cup stadium suffers third death	Bayern Munich restore 13-point lead at top of Bundesliga with 2-0 win against Nuremburg Second-place Leverkusen beat Monchegladbach 1-0 on Friday ; Dortmund thrash Bremen 5-1 Fourth place Schalke take on Hannover on Sunday
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai judge fined dozens of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar who pleaded guilty Wednesday to charges of illegal entry after escaping from their own country a month ago -- amid allegations that other Rohingya have been dumped at sea by the Thai army . Male refugees show scars they say were caused by beatings at the hands of the Myanmar navy . The Ranong Provincial Court judge ordered each of the 66 ethnic Muslim refugees to pay 1,000 Thai baht  less than $ 30  . He imposed the fines via a closed-circuit television link to Ranong Provincial Prison , where the refugees will continue to be held until they can pay the court . Twelve additional refugees , all teenagers , were being detained at a police station and are exempt from prosecution . The 78 refugees will be handed over on January 31 to immigration police , who will deport them . It is unclear where they will be sent . The refugees arrived by boat on the Thai shore , and Thai police said many had severe burns from a fire that broke out on board their craft after it left neighboring Myanmar , also known as Burma . Members of Myanmar 's Rohingya minority have been fleeing the country for years , saying they are persecuted by its military government . One refugee , who called himself Mohamed , told CNN that their boat had been at sea for a month , and that Myanmar 's military had detained and attacked them before setting their boat on fire . The refugees are unwelcome in Thailand , where authorities say about 20,000 have settled illegally . Other boatloads of Rohingya have allegedly been set adrift after being towed out to sea by Thai authorities . A recent CNN investigation found evidence of such activity . Photos obtained by CNN include one that shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees . Watch Dan Rivers ' BackStory on the investigation " CNN also interviewed a refugee who said he was one of the few who had survived after a group of six rickety boats was towed back to sea and abandoned by Thai authorities earlier this month . The Thai government has launched an inquiry . The Thai army has denied the allegations . But after extensive questioning by CNN , one source in the Thai military confirmed that the Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy . The source defended it , saying that each boatload of refugees is given sufficient supplies of food and water . That source said Thai villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and they had accused the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . The Thai government has said that "  there is no reasonable ground to believe " that the Rohingya are fleeing Myanmar because of persecution . "  Their profile and their seasonal travel further support the picture that they are illegal migrants , and not those requiring international protection , " the Foreign Ministry said in a statement issued Tuesday . One of the refugees who came ashore Tuesday said they will be killed if returned to Myanmar because of their minority status . He said the Rohingya are stateless because they lack bribe money to obtain identification cards in Myanmar . In Tuesday 's statement , the Thai government said it deals with all illegal migrants in accordance with its laws and international guidelines . It said "  basic humanitarian needs " such as food and water are met among the migrants before they are returned home . Their boats also are fixed , officials said . The Thai government said that "  accepting those arriving in an irregular manner would simply encourage new arrivals . " The government denied media reports alleging that Thai authorities mistreat the illegal migrants and intentionally damage their boats . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Sixty-six Rohingya refugees from Myanmar fined by Thai court They will be handed over to immigration police with 12 others Rohingya refugees are at center of allegations of mistreatment by Thai army Photos obtained by CNN show army towing boatload of 190 refugees to sea
CNN  -- A Catholic bishop convicted of Holocaust denial in Germany has fired a lawyer with neo-Nazi links , the editor of the bishop 's newsletter said . Bishop Richard Williamson dismissed the lawyer , Wolfram Nahrath , on orders from his superior , Nicholas Wansbutter told CNN late Wednesday . Nahrath told CNN earlier that he had been hired to help Williamson appeal his conviction , which stemmed from doubting Nazi leader Adolf Hitler 's intention to murder Jews and denying the existence of gas chambers at the Auschwitz concentration camp . The appeal was originally scheduled to begin next week but was delayed indefinitely because of the change of lawyers , Nahrath said . Nahrath would not say when he was hired and would not comment on his political affiliations . He did not say he had been fired and did not respond to CNN requests for comment about the matter Thursday . The German Interior Ministry said Nahrath was the leader of the far-right Wiking Jugend until authorities banned the group in 1994 . Williamson was in Germany , where Holocaust denial is a crime , when he made the remarks in an interview with Swedish television . The comments came shortly before Pope Benedict XVI lifted an excommunication on him and three other ultraconservative bishops . The Vatican said Benedict was not aware of Williamson 's views on the Holocaust when the excommunication was lifted , and the pope ordered Williamson to recant . The excommunication was not related to his Holocaust denial . Williamson was convicted of Holocaust denial in April . He did not appear in court to fight the charges . Nahrath 's father and grandfather led the Wiking Jugend before he did , according to the anti-extremist group Netz-gegen-Nazis . It said the Wiking Jugend was an imitation of the Hitler Youth , a group set up by Hitler to teach Nazi principles to children . Williamson 's order , the ultra-conservative Society of St. Pius X , distanced itself from his decision to hire Nahrath . The order 's superior general , Bishop Bernard Fellay , threatened to expel Williamson from the society if he stuck with his lawyer .	Bishop Richard Williamson hires , then fires , a lawyer to fight his conviction for Holocaust denial His superior warned him to dismiss the lawyer Williamson does not believe there were gas chambers at Auschwitz The lawyer led a far-right group until it was banned , the German government says
CNN  -- California legislators plan to keep trying to find consensus on a controversial proposal that would release at least 27,000 inmates from state prisons . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , right , and officials tour a prison last week in Chino after a riot there . The California Assembly on Monday delayed a possible vote on the plan . Lawmakers likely will take up the proposal Wednesday or Thursday , said Shannon Murphy , a spokeswoman for Assembly Speaker Karen Bass . "  When we arrive at a responsible plan that can earn the support of the majority of the Assembly and make sense to the people of California , we will take that bill up on the Assembly floor , " Bass , a Los Angeles Democrat , said in a statement . Bass said legislators continue to meet with each other and law enforcement authorities to try to craft a plan that increases public safety , improves the state corrections department and reduces costs . As part of the negotiations , a provision that would set up a 16-member sentencing commission -- which would put new sentencing guidelines in place by 2012 -- was stripped from the bill , Murphy said . But "  it 's not as if we 're giving up on that notion , " she said . The sentencing commission is a priority for Bass , she said , but the speaker believes she will have more success if she introduces a separate bill to create it . A panel of three federal judges has ordered California to reduce its prison population by about 40,000 by mid-September . The judges acted on the grounds that overcrowded prisons violate inmates ' constitutional rights . The state Senate voted 21-19 Friday to release several thousand inmates early . That vote came after Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , a Sacramento Democrat , assured senators the public would be protected from the most violent offenders . "  Of course , we want to keep violent criminals off our streets and out of our communities , and this reform package is a necessary step to do that because it concentrates our incarceration efforts on the violent criminals and ensures that nonviolent offenders have more contact with parole officers , " Steinberg said Friday . All 15 Senate Republicans voted against the bill , arguing that it undermines public safety . Democrats control both houses of the California Legislature . "  California 's prison system is in a state of crisis , " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said last week while touring the California Institution for Men in Chino . Some 250 inmates were injured this month at the facility in a riot that officials said was ignited by racial tension . Fifty-five inmates were taken to hospitals with serious injuries , including stab wounds and head trauma . Schwarzenegger said the riot was "  a terrible symptom of a much larger problem . ... Our prisons are overcrowded and endangering the staff and the inmates . " The governor noted he had signed a budget that mandates $ 1.2 billion in cuts to the state corrections system . "  We must be measured and smart about how we go about and create those reductions , " said Schwarzenegger , a Republican . "  We must find a way to cut costs and relieve overcrowding but without sacrificing public safety . " Steinberg said the bill under debate would save the financially strapped state some $ 524.5 million . Coupled with budget revisions made in July , the savings would total the entire $ 1.2 billion , he said . Republicans said the bill would lead to the release of about 27,000 prisoners , while Democrats estimated it would reduce the prison population by 27,300 in the 2009-10 fiscal year and 37,000 during fiscal year 2010-11 . But Steinberg said the measure also would reduce the ratio of parolees to parole officers to 45-to-1 . Currently , one parole officer is responsible for about 70 parolees , many of whom commit new crimes and return to custody ; the state has a 70 percent recidivism rate .	California Assembly delays vote on plan to release at least 27,000 inmates Provision setting up sentencing panel stripped from bill , spokeswoman says State Senate voted last week to release several thousand inmates early Judges order state to reduce prison population by about 40,000 by mid-September
CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader took verbal jabs at the United States Saturday in his first public reaction since the United States accused Iran of plotting to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to Washington . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei labeled the allegations "  meaningless and absurd . " "  They  the U.S.  want to isolate Iran , " Khamenei said over chants of "  down with America " in a speech before thousands in the western Iranian city of Gilangharb . Also , an Iranian official said claims by the United States that a high-level U.S. diplomat had met Wednesday with an Iranian counterpart over the plot were untrue . "  There were no kinds of negotiations between the two countries , and there was not such a contact , " said Alireza Miryousefi , press secretary for the Iranian Mission to the United Nations . The United States had reported having had "  direct contact with Iran " about the alleged plot . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland disclosed the contact to reporters . A senior administration official told CNN it occurred Wednesday and was initiated by the United States . Two State Department officials said U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice met with Mohammad Khazai , Iran 's permanent representative to the United Nations . Ahead of Saturday 's rebuttal of the claims of diplomatic contact , Iranian officials had previously declined to confirm the meeting . U.S. authorities have accused Iran of being involved in a plot to kill the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States , Adel Al-Jubeir , in spring 2012 . The alleged scheme involved a connection to the Quds Force , a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard , which formally answers to Khamenei . Manssor Arbabsiar , a 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen , and Gholam Shakuri , an Iran-based member of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , are accused of conspiring to hire hit men from a Mexican drug cartel to bomb a restaurant , where the ambassador would have been . Authorities developed the case against the suspects with the help of an undercover informant posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel , according to officials and an FBI agent 's affidavit . Reza Aslan , a religious scholar and author , told CNN on Saturday that the described plot "  just does not fit the Quds Force 's M.O.  modus operandi  . " Using a drug cartel would be risky and a Quds Force agent would be more reliable than Arbabsiar , a used-car salesman in Texas , he said . "  It 's sloppy . It 's uncharacteristic , " said Aslan . "  It really does not serve Iran 's interest in any legitimate way . " Iran could more easily target Saudi diplomats in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere , Aslan said . "  Doing so on U.S. soil is unmistakably an attack on the United States , not on Saudi Arabia . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Hala Gorani contributed to this report	NEW : Scholar says plot does not fit Quds Force "  M.O. " Ayatollah Khamenei calls the U.S. allegations "  absurd " Iranian diplomat : U.S. claims of a meeting with Iran are not true The U.S. alleges Iran was involved in a plot to kill a Saudi official in the United States
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Five former Blackwater Worldwide security guards pleaded not guilty Tuesday to voluntary manslaughter charges and other crimes stemming from a shooting incident in Baghdad that left 17 Iraqis dead . Former Blackwater Worldwide security Donald Ball , center , leaves court after his arraignment Tuesday . Each of the former guards has been charged with 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . The five defendants , seated in a row at a courtroom table , remained silent in court , and as they entered and departed the courthouse . A lawyer entered their plea on their behalf . Attorney David Schertler , speaking for all the defendants outside the courthouse , predicted they will be proved innocent . "  We want to make it clear to everyone these men committed no crime . They were defending themselves on a battlefield in a war zone when this occurred , " he said . If convicted , the defendants would face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for each manslaughter count , seven years in prison for each count of attempted manslaughter , and a 30-year mandatory minimum sentence for the firearms charge . Judge Ricardo Urbina set a trial date for February 1 , 2010 . He agreed with defense attorneys that preparations for the complex case will require a full year , including the likely need for lawyers to travel to Baghdad to gather information and conduct interviews . "  The United States government had a year and a half to investigate the case , and we did not . So we need a year to catch up , " Schertler told reporters . Lead government prosecutor Kenneth Kohl did not comment outside court . The Baghdad incident , which occurred September 16 , 2007 , exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . It also created an extremely delicate political situation for the Bush administration and the Iraqi government . The five defendants are Donald Ball , 26 , of West Valley City , Utah ; Dustin Heard , 27 , of Knoxville , Tennessee ; Evan Liberty , 26 , of Rochester , New Hampshire ; Nick Slatten , 25 , of Sparta , Tennessee ; and Paul Slough , 29 , of Keller , Texas . A sixth former security guard , Jeremy P. Ridgeway , 35 , of California , has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Prosecutors did not bring manslaughter charges for three of the 17 fatalities because they do not believe they have enough evidence to win a conviction in those deaths . The company of Blackwater Worldwide does not face any charges . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act  MEJA  , which was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " The attorneys for the defendants contend that Blackwater 's employees in Iraq are exempt from the provisions of MEJA because the company has a contract in Iraq with the State Department , not the Defense Department . Also muddying the case are assurances of immunity initially given to the guards by State Department diplomatic security agents , who were investigating the incident before the FBI tried to interview them once it took over . The State Department maintains its agents did not offer blanket immunity from criminal prosecution , but promised only that the statements the guards made on the scene could not be used against them in any prosecution . But when the investigation was turned over to the Justice Department to examine possible criminal activity , FBI agents discovered some guards believed they were immune from prosecution and therefore refused to be interviewed again , complicating the FBI probe . A recently approved U.S.-Iraq Status of Forces Agreement pointedly specifies that U.S. civilian contractors will no longer be immune from Iraqi prosecution for crimes committed in that country . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Five guards facing 14 counts of manslaughter , other charges Charges stem from shooting in Baghdad square that left 17 Iraqis dead Attorneys say men were defending themselves on a battlefield Case is the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors
CNN  -- A Somali man Friday became the second person convicted in the United States of acts related to high-seas piracy in more than a century , although he was n't convicted of piracy itself . Jama Idle Ibrahim pleaded guilty in a federal courtroom in Norfolk , Virginia , admitting he had intended to seize a U.S. merchant vessel on April 10 and hold it for ransom . Ibrahim and five other would-be pirates learned too late that they had instead pulled alongside a U.S. Navy dock landing ship , the USS Ashland , and they were captured . "  Today marks the first conviction in Norfolk for acts of piracy in 150 years , " said U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride . It followed the May guilty plea in a federal court in New York of a man involved in an attack on the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama off the coast of Africa last year . A statement by the Justice Department said the government and defense agreed to recommend a sentence of 30 years in prison for Ibrahim . Sentencing was set for November 29 . The attack occurred in the Gulf of Aden between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula . Ibrahim is one of 11 Somalis sent to Norfolk for prosecution in two attacks . Five others are charged in connection with an April 1 attack on the Norfolk-based frigate Nicholas . Ibrahim pleaded guilty to charges of attacking to plunder a vessel , engaging in a violent act aboard a vessel and using a firearm during a crime of violence . The charge of committing piracy on the high seas , which carried a mandatory life sentence , was thrown out 10 days ago by the judge . Until this year , there had not been a piracy-related conviction in the United States since 1861 , during the Civil War , officials said . In May , Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse , who was accused of leading the attack on the Maersk Alabama in April 2009 , pleaded guilty to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking .	Jama Idle Ibrahim admitted he intended to capture a U.S. merchant ship Instead , he and his colleagues targeted a U.S. Navy vessel A 30-year prison sentence is being recommended
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Instead of Apple CEO Steve Jobs , celebrity-seekers at Tuesday 's Macworld keynote address had to settle for crooner Tony Bennett . And instead of blockbuster news from Apple Vice President Philip Schiller , attendees got changes in iTunes pricing , a series of software upgrades and a $ 2,800 17-inch notebook . Apple Vice President Philip Schiller delivers the MacWorld keynote address Tuesday in San Francisco . Among Mac users and industry observers , reaction to the 90-minute keynote , which Apple says will be its last at Macworld , was predictably mixed . "  Tony Bennett got a standing ovation . Apple , not so much , " said Philip Elmer-DeWitt , who writes an Apple column for Fortune magazine . "  It was n't up to Steve Jobs ' standards . Phil is not the showman that Steve is , but he did n't have much material to work with . " "  I think Phil did a great job , " countered Chuck Freedman , an IT specialist from suburban Detroit , Michigan . "  Yes , we miss Steve , but Phil handled everything well . I 'm here to see what Apple 's doing next , not how much weight Steve has lost . " So what is Apple doing next ? Pre-Macworld rumors about an iPhone Nano and a preview of the Snow Leopard operating system proved unfounded . Instead , Schiller introduced upgrades to Apple 's iLife and iWork software suites , unveiled a 17-inch unibody MacBook Pro with a more powerful battery , and announced tweaks to iTunes ' 99 cents-per-song pricing model . The result earned Schiller consistent applause but not the wild cheering that greeted Jobs ' 2007 announcement of the iPhone , for example . Watch Schiller 's keynote address at Macworld " "  It was a real solid presentation , " said Mike McGuire , a media analyst with Gartner Market Research , citing Apple 's emphasis on revamping its core products amid a challenging economic climate . "  There 's not the frenzied hoopla -LSB- of past years -RSB- . But maybe this is n't the best time for that . " From a consumer perspective , the day 's biggest news may have been the price changes at iTunes , Apple 's wildly successful online music store . Beginning April 1 , songs on the site will cost $ 1.29 , 99 cents or 69 cents , although more songs will be sold at the lower price than at the higher price , Schiller said . Apple did not elaborate on how songs will be priced , although observers expect most new hits to cost $ 1.29 and older songs to be cheaper . "  Apple is essentially leaving that up to the -LSB- music -RSB- labels , " McGuire said . "  It 'll be interesting to see how the labels and the artists deal with that . " After his iTunes announcement , Schiller yielded the spotlight to Bennett , who glided onstage with a four-piece band to sing "  The Best is Yet to Come " and his signature "  I Left My Heart in San Francisco . " iReport.com : See a mobile photo from Macworld , send your own images Attendees seemed bored during Schiller 's demonstration of the revamped iWork , Apple 's software for office use . Some also expressed skepticism about Apple 's plans to launch a beta version of iWork.com that will allow users to review and edit documents collaboratively online . But they perked up when Schiller mentioned a new app that will let people use their iPhones as remotes to run multimedia business presentations . Audience members -- including former Vice President Al Gore , an Apple board member -- showed more enthusiasm for the upgraded iPhoto , iMovie and Garage Band software , which is bundled together as iLife '09 and goes on sale in late January . The new iPhoto has face-recognition software that will make it easier for users to create galleries of friends and family members . It also contains GPS geotagging that will allow users to sort their photos geographically . Apple is also focusing on improved video editing . "  We decided to completely rewrite iMovie and come up with a whole new version , " Schiller said . "  We 've added so much depth and so much power , we really believe it 's going to be the video-editing product that everybody uses . " Watch Schiller unveil Mac 's new photo application " The new version has better precision editing , video stabilization , easier audio editing and smoother transitions , Schiller said . The new iLife will also have a feature for aspiring musicians . Learn to Play , part of Garage Band ' 09 , includes software for nine free basic lessons for guitar and nine free basic lessons for piano/keyboards . It also includes Artist Lessons with video instructions from such famous musicians as Sting , John Fogerty , Norah Jones and Sarah MacLachlan , who will teach users how to play their songs . Watch Fogerty give a lesson on how to play ` Proud Mary ' " Schiller showed a video of Fogerty explaining how to play the chords for the Creedence Clearwater Revival classic "  Proud Mary . " Apple 's third major announcement at the conference focused on a 17-inch unibody MacBook Pro notebook . At less than 1 inch thick and weighing in at 6.6 pounds , it would be the world 's lightest notebook of its size , Schiller said . New technology will allow its battery to be recharged up to 1,000 times , more than three times the industry standard . It can last up to eight hours on a single charge and runs on less than 50 percent the energy of a single lightbulb , Schiller said . He also touted the notebook 's improved screen . The new MacBook Pro will cost $ 2,799 and starts shipping in late January . This was the first Macworld keynote since 1997 not to be delivered by Apple CEO Steve Jobs , the tech visionary who relinquished his usual Macworld appearance last month amid concerns about his health . At past Macworlds -- the annual gathering of Mac users , consultants and partners -- fans stood for hours in lines that snaked around the block to watch Jobs unveil gadgets in his trademark jeans and black mock turtleneck . Recent Macworld keynotes introduced such major Apple products and services as iTunes  2001  , the iPod Shuffle  2005  and the iPhone  2007  . See "  A decade of Macworld " timeline " But Apple is changing the way it does business . Thanks to its Web site and its network of retail stores , the company can reach more than 100 million customers around the world directly , which makes Apple less reliant on trade shows like Macworld to spread its message . The biggest topic of discussion at Macworld , however , was not a potential Apple product or even the contents of Schiller 's speech but the mystery surrounding Jobs ' absence from the trade show celebrating the company he co-founded . Attendees were heartened by Jobs ' announcement Monday that his recent weight loss was caused by a hormonal imbalance that can be remedied and that he will continue as Apple 's CEO while he gets treatment . Concerns about Jobs ' health have hounded Apple since 2004 , when he was treated for pancreatic cancer .	Conference attendees say presentation lacked star CEO 's showmanship Apple vice president unveiled software updates , iTunes pricing revamp Upgrades to 17-inch MacBook Pro laptop were also announced It was first Macworld keynote since 1997 not delivered by Steve Jobs
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tsang Tsz-Kwan may look like an average student in Hong Kong with her standard-issue blue shift dress with a Chinese collar and sensible black shoes . But her ordinary appearance and shy manner mask a steely determination to triumph over tremendous odds . She recently scored within the top 5 % for nearly all her subjects in the city 's college entrance examination -- despite being blind and severely hearing-impaired from a young age . She also lacks sensitivity in her fingertips , which denies her the ability to feel the raised dots of Braille characters . Rather than admit defeat , the 20 year old found an alternative way to read Braille -- with her lips . "  In Primary 1  the equivalent of Grade 1 in the United States  , I noticed that she was always leaning forward , " said Mee-Lin Chiu , a teacher at the Ebenezer School & Home for the Visually Impaired -- the only special needs school in Hong Kong dedicated to the blind . "  She told me it was because she could read more clearly with her lips than her hands . " Tsang herself admitted : "  I know it 's not a common approach and it sounds rather strange . Even I myself do n't know how it came about , " she added , calling it "  miraculous . " In actual fact , the lips , tongue , and fingertips are particularly adept at spatial discrimination â $ " they can perceive two points that are only 1-3 millimeters apart , according to the classic anatomy text , Field 's Anatomy , Palpation and Surface Markings . In comparison , the legs or back of the hands can only detect two points with a separation of more than 50-100 millimeters . While Tsang may not be the very first person to resort to lip-reading Braille , she appears to be a rare case . "  This is the first I have heard of someone being successful using the lips , " said Diane Wormsely , a professor at North Carolina Central University who specializes in education for the visually impaired . Chiu also said that Tsang was the only student at Ebenezer to have used their lips -- and is the sole case she is aware of in Hong Kong . Lip-reading Braille is not without its challenges , however . "  Nobody could accept it in the beginning , " Tsang said . "  Even now , many people find it odd ... It 's caused some embarrassment when I read in public places and in front of people that I do n't have a close relationship with . " It also poses practical problems , as Braille books are typically large and heavy . Nonetheless , Tsang said she is "  grateful " to still have a way to learn about the world through the written word . Reading is one of her favorite past times -- a source of intellectual stimulation and psychological refuge . She also believes she can transcend her disabilities through hard work , determination , and the willingness to push herself outside of her comfort zone . "  Without the courage to challenge myself , there is surely no possibility of success , " she said . At Ebenezer , her classes were comprised of only ten students , whose shared disability enabled them to easily build close friendships . All materials were prepared in Braille and teachers were specially trained to work with the blind . But in Form 1  the equivalent of Grade 7 in the United States  , Tsang decided to leave the comfort of Ebenezer and move to a regular secondary school , wanting to immerse herself in a more authentic , mainstream environment . "  I have to facilitate my adaptation to society when I finish my studies and have to enter the workplace , " she said . Her transition to the city 's Ying Wa Girls ' School was not always easy . Classes were much larger and teachers did not have specialized training to work with blind students . Tsang had to send all printed materials to Ebenezer or the Hong Kong Society for the Blind for transcription into Braille . Reading and writing took her twice the amount of time it did for her peers , she said . She learned she had to be more independent and make a greater effort to express her feelings and needs with staff and students , who were welcoming but unaccustomed to dealing with a blind person . One of her teachers , Kwong Ho-Ka , said that staff learned over time when to intervene to help her . "  If she needs something , she will let us know , " Kwong said , adding that her fiercely independent student walked around the school campus unassisted , eschewing a walking stick and elevators and taking the stairs by herself . Kwong , who clearly holds deep affection for her student , said that while Tsang was never bullied , social integration has been a gradual process . "  She has friends , but she 's not part of some big group . For example , a gaggle of girls may be chatting about pop culture , but it can be difficult for her to enter the conversation . She may not recognize who is speaking in overlapping conversations and she lacks familiarity with pop culture . " Attending class with the same cohort of students over the past three years has helped a lot , Kwong said , and students have learned to make an effort to include Tsang in conversations . Tsang said that she has made close friends . "  I am grateful for their acceptance of me as a normal member of their social circle and throughout these years , they have given me a great deal of support and encouragement . " While her academic feats -- she scored 5 ** , the highest possible grade , for Chinese , English , and Liberal Studies , 5 * for Chinese Literature and English Literature and 4 for Math â $ " have won her much acclaim in Hong Kong , Tsang admits that she surprised herself . "  I was really astonished and excited when I heard that my results in some of the subjects were far from my expectations , " she said . "  I felt my hard work this year has finally paid off . " She hopes to study translation at university starting this fall to have a "  balanced development in both Chinese and English . " "  Whenever I come across some thought-provoking and touching books , I really wish I could translate them into different languages so as to share them with more readers , " she added . As she embarks on the new phase of her hard-won education , Tsang maintains matter-of-fact and philosophical . "  The inconveniences and limitations  my impairments  bring will follow me my whole life ... and I must have the courage to face the facts ... I 'm going to treasure what I still have . " "  I would like to encourage everyone to have the courage and perseverance to go through all the ups and downs in our lives because I know everyone has their own difficulties . But one thing is for sure : where there 's a will , there 's a way . "	Blind Hong Kong student learned to read Braille using her lips Tsang Tsz-Kwan unable to conventionally read Braille due to lack of sensitivity in fingertips She scored top marks within Hong Kong 's college entrance examination
Washington  CNN  -- The body of Sen. Robert C. Byrd arrived at the Capitol on Thursday , a rare honor for a man who rose from the poverty of Depression-era West Virginia to become the longest-serving member of Congress in history . Byrd , who died Monday at the age of 92 , will lie in repose in the Senate chamber until 3:45 p.m. Thursday . His body will be transported to Charleston , West Virginia , Thursday evening , where it will remain at the state capitol overnight . Byrd will be buried Tuesday after a funeral service in Arlington , Virginia . Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are among the dignitaries expected to pay their respects to Byrd on Capitol Hill Thursday . While in the Senate , his casket will be displayed on the same catafalque used for Abraham Lincoln , John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan and Thurgood Marshall , among others . Since World War II , according to the Senate historian 's office , only two senators have lain in repose in the Senate chamber : Wisconsin 's Joe McCarthy in 1957 and North Dakota 's William Langer in 1959 . President Barack Obama has ordered flags on federal buildings to fly at half-staff until next week 's burial , except for Independence Day . A proclamation issued by Obama said the order was given "  as a mark of respect for  Byrd 's  memory and long-standing service . " Byrd , a nine-term Democrat , was known as a master of the Senate 's arcane rules and as the self-proclaimed "  champion of the Constitution , " a staunch defender of congressional power . His speeches were laced with references to poetry and the Greek and Roman classics , often punctuated by the brandishing of his pocket copy of the national charter . He also was known as the "  King of Pork , " using powerful positions in Congress to steer federal spending to his home state -- one of the nation 's poorest . Byrd viewed the title as a badge of honor . "  I have no apology for it , " he once said . "  When I am dead and am opened they will find West Virginia written on my heart . "	Remains of Sen. Robert Byrd arrive at Capitol Byrd only the third U.S. senator to lie in repose in Senate chamber since WWII Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton among dignitaries expected to pay respects Byrd was longest-serving member of Congress in history
CNN  -- From Captain Kirk on "  Star Trek " to Denny Crane on "  Boston Legal , " William Shatner has been a fixture on television for decades . William Shatner has a new talk show and has written an autobiography . Even as his latest series comes to an end , the actor is busier than ever . He has written an autobiography , "  Up Till Now , " and he has a new talk show -- "  Shatner 's Raw Nerve " on the Biography channel -- billed as an "  edgy and off-beat celebrity interview series . " Shatner talked with CNN 's Kyra Phillips about his career , past and present . CNN : "  Boston Legal , " what a finale : a wedding between Denny and fellow lawyer and best friend Alan . Do n't they know that Proposition 8 -LSB- passed -RSB- ? Shatner : It was all a financial guise , as you learned to your dismay . There was nothing sexual about our marriage . It was all designed to bequeath my fortune to him as -LSB- my character -RSB- got ready to die . CNN : "  Boston Legal " was a brilliant show : the writing , your famous wit . You must have had a blast doing the show . Shatner : We laughed our way through five years of great joy , great entertainment , and we got some wonderful awards during the years and the beauty of it all was that when we came in this season , we knew we were going to do 13 shows and be out . So the writing reflected the fact that we knew we were ending and it wrapped the whole show up . CNN : I can not believe you have a porn queen -LSB- Jenna Jameson -RSB- on your talk show . Shatner : We like to call her an adult film star . She turns out to be highly sensitive , vulnerable . ... This is a remarkable interview of a woman who is terribly vulnerable and expresses it . It was so good , we 're doing a two-parter . CNN : Who has been your favorite leading lady ? Shatner : They go down in the hoary mists of history . The effects of age -- they all meld into one and it looks like my wife . CNN : You reveal a lot in your book . Who would you say your ultimate mentor has been through your life ? Shatner : I 've thought about that over the years and it comes up that I do n't have anybody who ever mentored me , ever was particularly interested in furthering my career . I had to do it stumbling around , trying to do it as most people do themselves .	William Shatner is host of "  Shatner 's Raw Nerve " on the Biography channel The actor has also written an autobiography , "  Up Till Now " Shatner on "  Boston Legal : " "  We laughed our way through five years of great joy " Shatner : "  I do n't have anybody who ever mentored me "
Nearly two years before he shot and killed a 12-year-old who had an air gun , Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loehmann resigned from another police job after a supervisor described him as "  distracted and weepy " and "  emotionally immature . " Records from the Independence Police Department obtained by CNN include comments from a supervisor detailing what they called "  a pattern of lack of maturity , indiscretion and not following instructions , " a "  dangerous loss of composure during live range training " and an "  inability to manage personal stress . " "  I do not believe time , nor training , will be able to change or correct these deficiencies , " Independence Deputy Chief Jim Polak wrote in a November 2012 memo . Now Loehmann , who could not be immediately reached for comment , is one of two Cleveland police officers under investigation after the fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice last month . Police have said the boy was shot after pulling out an air gun that looked like a real firearm . Loehmann joined the Cleveland Police Department in March . A Cleveland Police spokesman said Thursday that during a background check before hiring Loehmann , his department did n't review the officer 's personnel file from Independence , a suburb south of the city . Detectives did speak with the Independence human resources director , the spokesman said . "  During that interview detectives inquired if there were any disciplinary actions or incidents that Cleveland Police should be aware of prior to hiring Loehmann , at which point they were told there were none , " Sgt. Ali Pillow said . "  The reason for departure indicated was resignation . Officer Loehmann indicated that he resigned for personal reasons , which was substantiated by the City of Independence . " According to the records , Loehmann worked at the Independence Police Department as an officer until December 2012 , when he submitted his resignation "  for personal reasons " after he was told that a disciplinary process of separation had begun . "  Ptl . Loehmann 's inability to perform basic functions as instructed , and his inability to emotionally function because of a personal situation at home with an on and off again girlfriend leads one to believe that he would not be able to substantially cope , or make good decisions , during or resulting from any other stressful situation , " Polok wrote . Another memo from a sergeant who worked with Loehmann at a shooting range described the officer as "  distracted , " "  not fit to return " after an emotional outburst and someone who was "  not following simple instructions . " An Independence spokeswoman said in a statement that the city had made all personnel files for Loehmann available . Loehmann has been on paid injured leave since November 22 after injuring his ankle in the shooting , Pillow said . His partner is also on paid administrative leave The shooting has sparked criticism from community members who accuse police of unnecessary violence . Police said it 's not clear if the responding officers involved in the shooting received information about the age of the suspect or the gun being "  probably fake . " Fred Loehmann , Timothy Loehmann 's father , told the Cleveland Plain Dealer this week that his son did n't know the boy 's gun was fake or realize he was 12 years old . "  I was right there and he went for the gun , " he recalled his son saying , according to the newspaper . "  I had no choice . " Efforts by CNN to reach Loehmann Thursday were not immediately successful . Justice Dept. : Cleveland police have pattern of excessive force	Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loehmann shot and killed a 12-year-old boy Records show he had resigned from a past police job in a Cleveland suburb Former supervisor : He showed "  lack of maturity , indiscretion and not following instructions " Cleveland Police say they never saw the personnel file that detailed criticism
CNN  -- President Obama commended the progress of African-Americans in a speech on the 100th anniversary of the NAACP , but said there was still much work to be done . President Obama addresses the NAACP in New York Thursday night on the group 's 100th anniversary . Speaking at the organization 's annual convention in New York , the city where the organization was founded , Obama evoked symbols of the civil rights movement to describe the NAACP 's influence on race relations in the United States . "  What we celebrate tonight is not simply the journey the NAACP has traveled , but the journey that we , as Americans , have traveled over the past 100 years , " Obama told a star-studded crowd that included music producer Sean "  Diddy " Combs and poet Maya Angelou , to name a few . But Obama said "  the pain of discrimination is still felt in America " among African-Americans , Latinos and Muslim-Americans . "  Even as we inherit extraordinary progress that can not be denied ; even as we marvel at the courage and determination of so many plain folks -- we know that too many barriers still remain , " he said . Watch Obama 's speech to the NAACP "  What is required to overcome today 's barriers is the same as was needed then . The same commitment . The same sense of urgency . The same sense of sacrifice . The same willingness to do our part for ourselves and one another that has always defined America at its best . " The "  steepest " barriers are not prejudice and discrimination , he said , but the "  structural inequalities that our nation 's legacy of discrimination has left behind . " Obama highlighted some of his administration 's policies as examples of how the government is attempting to break down the barriers of inequity . "  These are barriers we are beginning to tear down by rewarding work with an expanded tax credit ; making housing more affordable ; and giving ex-offenders a second chance . These are barriers that we are targeting through our White House Office on Urban Affairs , and through Promise Neighborhoods that build on Geoffrey Canada 's success with the Harlem Children 's Zone , " he said . "  When it comes to higher education , we are making college and advanced training more affordable , and strengthening community colleges that are a gateway to so many with an initiative that will prepare students not only to earn a degree but find a job when they graduate ; an initiative that will help us meet the goal I have set of leading the world in college degrees by 2020 , " he said . Obama said the economy has made progress difficult , but assured the audience that his administration was working to "  lay a new foundation for growth and prosperity " for future generations . "  One pillar of this new foundation is health insurance reform that cuts costs , makes quality health coverage affordable for all , and closes health care disparities in the process . Another pillar is energy reform that makes clean energy profitable , freeing America from the grip of foreign oil , putting people to work upgrading low-income homes , and creating jobs that can not be outsourced , " he said . The president also talked about the need "  to recapture the same sense of responsibility in Washington and in our own lives " that propelled the civil rights movement . "  In particular , when it comes to education , we need better standards in our schools , excellent teachers in our classrooms , and parents doing their part to ensure that all our children can succeed , no matter what their race , faith or station in life , " a senior administration official said . He urged families to help children with their homework , to put away the Xbox and encourage them to be more than "  ballers and rappers " "  We have to say to our children , yes , if you 're African-American , the odds of growing up amid crime and gangs are higher . Yes , if you live in a poor neighborhood , you will face challenges that someone in a wealthy suburb does not . But that 's not a reason to get bad grades , that 's not a reason to cut class , that 's not a reason to give up on your education and drop out of school , " he said , eliciting applause from the audience . "  No one has written your destiny for you . Your destiny is in your hands -- and do n't you forget that , " he said . The excitement over Obama was in stark contrast to the reception of former President Bush , who had a strained relationship with the NAACP and declined the group 's invitations for five years . Bush spoke before the NAACP in 2000 , during his first run for the presidency , but he did not make another appearance until 2006 . But now , even though there 's a new president and a new dynamic , there are still some questions as to whether the NAACP and Obama share the same approach . "  I think his big challenge now is going to be in talking to them about issues that have concerned him in the past , like problems with teen pregnancy and black-on-black crime , that the NAACP has n't been that eager to deal with , " said Clarence Page , a columnist for the Chicago Tribune editorial board . Earlier this week , Michael Steele , the first African-American chair of the Republican National Committee , addressed the NAACP and urged its members to take another look at the Republican Party . Steele on Thursday reiterated that message , telling CNN , "  There 's a historic and inextricable link between the GOP and African-Americans . In fact , Republicans helped found the NAACP back in 1909 . " The Republican Party , however , has not received more than 11 percent of the African-American vote since 1996 . Obama received 95 percent of the black vote in the 2008 election . According to a national poll conducted in May , African-Americans really like Obama , but more and more feel that race relations have not gotten better since he took office . In December , 51 percent of African-Americans said Obama 's election marks the start of a new era of better race relations , according to a CNN/Essence Magazine/Opinion Research Corp. poll . In May , that number dropped to 44 percent . The historic election of the first African-American president in the United States highlights the NAACP 's role in fighting for equality and opportunity . NAACP President Ben Jealous said that while Obama 's presidency is a big milestone , it 's just the next step on a long road . "  This is a big step that we 've taken , having a black family in the White House , ending that 233-year-old color barrier , but there 's a lot more work that needs to be done , " he said . CNN 's Kristi Keck , Suzanne Malveaux and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Energy reform , access to education will pave way to prosperity , Obama says NEW : Obama tells parents to urge children to aspire beyond "  ballers and rappers " President Obama says journey of NAACP mirrors progress of America RNC Chair Michael Steele says NAACP needs to take another look at the GOP
CNN  -- A Georgia man is heading to prison for nearly 10 years for his role in a credit card fraud gang associated with a website called Carder.su that is linked to $ 50 million in worldwide losses . Cameron Harrison , aka "  Kilobit , " 28 , of Augusta , Georgia , pleaded guilty to possessing more than 260 compromised credit and debit card numbers , which were recovered from his computer and email accounts following his arrest . He also admitted , according to the Department of Justice , that the Carder.su organization committed money laundering , narcotics trafficking and computer crimes . He said members tried to avoid detection by communicating through various encrypted forums , such as chat rooms , private messaging systems and virtual private networks . Harrison was identified when he purchased a counterfeit Georgia driver 's license from an undercover special agent through the Carder.su network . During interactions with the undercover special agent , Harrison admitted he had been a vendor of counterfeit identifications in the defunct cyberfraud organization "  ShadowCrew . " Fifty-five individuals were charged in four separate indictments in Operation Open Market , run by Homeland Security Investigations and the U.S. Secret Service . To date , 26 individuals have been convicted and the rest are either fugitives or are awaiting trial . Harrison pleaded guilty to participating in a racketeer influenced corrupt organization , conspiracy to engage in a racketeer influenced and corrupt organization , and trafficking in and production of false identification documents . "  This significant sentence is entirely fitting given that this defendant 's actions and those of the larger criminal organization harmed countless innocent Americans and seriously compromised our financial system , " said Homeland Security Investigations Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge . "  Criminals like this defendant who believe they can elude detection by hiding behind their computer screens here and overseas are discovering that cyberspace affords no refuge from American justice . "	Cameron Harrison pleaded guilty to possessing 260 credit and debit card numbers Harrison : Carder.su committed money laundering , narcotics trafficking , computer crimes Harrison was caught when he went online to buy counterfeit ID
CNN  -- It is possible more U.S. troops could be added in Afghanistan if the new U.S. commander there needs them , but Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he does not expect a significant increase . U.S. Marines sweep for bombs in Afghanistan this week . During a visit to troops at Fort Drum , New York , on Thursday , Gates said he is waiting to hear what Gen. Stanley McChrystal recommends after he completes a review of operations in Afghanistan . McChrystal is expected to complete a classified report for Gates by the end of this month , assessing where the war stands , and what needs to be done . He will tell Gates whether he needs more U.S. troops to fight the escalating conflict , according to a senior U.S. military official . Gates asked McChrystal to "  state his requirements for resources , " said the official -- who did not want to be identified because the report is not completed . The review is also expected to recommend that the number of Afghan troops be increased beyond the goal of 134,000 , other military sources said . During a speech and question-and-answer session with troops at Fort Drum , Gates acknowledged he would consider a recommendation to boost U.S. troops beyond the level of 68,000 already approved . "  We 'll see what Gen. McChrystal recommends , " he said . "  But I think there will not be a significant increase in troop levels in Afghanistan beyond the 68,000 , at least probably through the end of the year . Maybe some increase , but not a lot . " Gates has made clear in the past he is reluctant to approve additional major increases in troop levels , preferring to keep the U.S. at a lower profile in the nation . About 57,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , with the other 11,000 to arrive by the end of this year . Gates has said he wants to see if that level of troops would be sufficient . Gates ' press secretary , Geoff Morrell , told CNN the Fort Drum comments "  are not necessarily a foreshadowing of what 's to come . " He said Gates "  does n't want to impose an artificial troop cap on the commander , " but does want to see if the strategy can be carried out with the approved troop levels .	Defense secretary would consider it if U.S. commander says he needs more Gen. Stanley McChrystal preparing review of operation for Gates Still , Secretary Gates said , any amount over 68,000 approved would not be much Wants low U.S. profile in Afghanistan , chance to see if 68,000 is enough
Norman , Oklahoma  CNN  Trinidad James is n't mad at Beauton Gilbow . The rapper 's hit song can be heard playing in the background as Gilbow , the house mother of the University of Oklahoma Sigma Alpha Epsilon house -- known as Mom B. -- repeats the n-word seven times on camera . It appears overboard considering that the hook of the song , "  All Gold Everything , " uses the word only three times per succession . Gilbow has been bombarded with claims that she 's just as racist as the fraternity members caught singing a racist song on a bus last weekend . It 's an allegation she 's firmly denied , and the Atlanta rapper who wrote "  All Gold Everything " is willing to give her a pass , though he would n't condone her use of the word . He does n't hate her , though . "  I 'm not going to be that person , " he told CNN . "  It 's a rock and a hard place . I ca n't be as upset at that lady . I 'm upset at the fraternity because what they 're saying is a chant that 's just completely disrespectful to the black race . As far as that lady goes -- man , that 's an old lady , man . Let that lady be . " The Trinidad-born rapper , whose real name is Nicholas Williams , said he does n't like giving interviews about race and the n-word because his views are complex and hip-hop stars can be hypocrites when it comes to the topics . "  It 's hard to ridicule somebody for something that you continue to use in your music , " he said . "  Every  hip-hop  artist is using the n-word in their music -- hit records with the n-word in it . You ca n't be upset when somebody says it . You ca n't . It 's hard to differentiate when you can use it . If we do n't want the word used and the word holds such a negative connotation , then we should n't use it at all , period . " He compared it to children hearing their parents curse , "  and they told you not to curse . You wanted to curse . You cursed . " Context matters , he said . If you 're using the word in a negative way , talking down to someone or being sarcastic , that 's wrong . "  But if it 's somebody that you 've been rocking with or we 're listening to music or whatever , I ca n't be upset , " he said . "  It 's humanly impossible for you to be upset at a different race saying it when you 're saying it in your music . That 's crazy to me . " He has a different take on the fraternity members caught clapping , pumping their fists and chanting , "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . " SAE no stranger to scandal "  I do n't respect that at all . What kind of world are we living in here ? " he asked . He took it personally , he said , because he and other hip-hop artists travel the country to perform for fraternities , and to know any fraternity member would harbor such vile feelings toward him "  burns my heart . " As fellow Atlanta rapper Waka Flocka Flame noted when he canceled an upcoming show for the University of Oklahoma SAEs , Trinidad James said people of all races attend his concerts and have a great time together . "  These fraternities are places that us as hip-hop artists , we come and do amazing shows for these fraternities , like I just did Texas Tech , I just did Texas A&M , Delta Chi , Sigma Chi , and those guys were great . And I 've done a show actually at Oklahoma last year , " he said . "  So to see that that chapter feels that type of way toward the black race , it hurts , man . It sucks . " He even takes a special pride in performing in front of these audiences , he said . "  We go really hard for these college kids . I did n't go to college , so for me , I feel really good when I can make kids who are doing the right thing and going to college ... have a good time because college is so strenuous on the mind and it 's so hard when you 've got to pay tuition and books , trying to survive as a young adult , so that 's why we try to come and make sure the kids have a great time . If you go look at the shows , it 's an amazing time . " As far as the chances that he 'd ever perform in front of Oklahoma 's SAE chapter in the future , forget about it , he said . He does n't care if they were resurrected as an all-black fraternity , he said . "  I do n't want nothing to do with that because that 's ridiculous . I feel like anything they do now is just to cover it up and make it look better , " he said . And while it 's disturbing to see young people voicing racist leanings , Trinidad James said he 'd prefer to know where someone stands over being misled . Fraternities considering booking him in the future can keep that in mind , he said . "  I would rather you did n't even book me for the shows . I 'm not no hired monkey , " he said . "  Just do n't be cool with me . Do n't talk to me . If you feel that way about me that you would want to hang me from a tree then do n't talk to me . I would stay away from you because obviously my skin color offends your life . " CNN 's Nick Valencia conducted the interview from Norman , Oklahoma , and Eliott C. McLaughlin wrote from Atlanta .	Trinidad James says it would be hypocritical to condemn Beauton Gilbow The University of Oklahoma SAE house mom was caught on tape saying n-word Rapper : If "  you would want to hang me from a tree , then do n't talk to me "
CNN  -- Patriotism could reach fever pitch when the USA and Europe collide in golf 's Ryder Cup ... and it looks like American star Rickie Fowler has let it go to his head . Pictured stepping off the plane as the U.S. team arrived at Edinburgh airport ahead of this week 's match , the world No. 10 sported a new haircut with "  USA " shaved into the side of his head . Although it might be unusual for a golfer to have such an outrageous hairstyle , displays of national pride are entirely in keeping with the Ryder Cup . Played every two years , it pits the best golfers from Europe and the USA against each other with the winner securing bragging rights in the sport 's most partisan contest . Europe has dominated the competition in recent years , winning the last two contests . The U.S. team , captained by eight-time major winner Tom Watson , will be out for revenge when the 2014 competition begins at Scotland 's Gleneagles course on Friday . While golf courses are usually the epitome of peace and quiet , the Ryder Cup galleries are altogether more raucous . So expect star spangled banners and roars of "  USA , USA " to accompany Fowler around the course throughout the three days of competition . With so much adrenaline and excitement in the air , tensions have boiled over in the past . During the 1999 event at the Brookline club in Massachusetts , the USA team was criticized for celebrating a dramatic victory on the green while European player Jose Maria Olazabal was still waiting to take his putt . Expect more fierce clashes over the course of this week ...	Rickie Fowler unveils a patriotic haircut ahead of this week 's Ryder Cup The American has "  USA " shaved into the side of his head The Ryder Cup pits American and European golfers against each other The 2014 match takes place in Scotland later this week
CNN  For the first time in eight years , a TV legend returned to doing what he does best . Contestants told to "  come on down ! " on the April 1 edition of "  The Price Is Right " encountered not host Drew Carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings . Instead , there was Bob Barker , who hosted the TV game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 . Looking spry at 91 , Barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show , the classic "  Lucky Seven , " before turning hosting duties over to Carey , who finished up . Despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , Barker did n't seem to miss a beat .	Bob Barker returned to host "  The Price Is Right " on Wednesday Barker , 91 , had retired as host in 2007
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As a medical student six years ago , Benjamin LaBrot would travel to remote areas of Africa and treat patients with supplies he could carry in his backpack . But one time , while treating Maasai villagers in Tanzania , LaBrot 's supplies ran out . He was devastated . "  I got back into the car ... having felt like I had just done so little ... and I cried for 20 minutes , " LaBrot said . The farming village was extremely poor , and many people were in desperate need of medical attention . "  I essentially decided right then and there that I was going to come back , either to that village or to another one of the hundreds of thousands of villages just like it all over the world ... and I would bring more help . I would bring a bigger backpack . " Today , LaBrot 's "  backpack " can carry 20,000 pounds of medical supplies . The American started Floating Doctors , a seafaring medical group that provides free health care for people in remote coastal regions . In the last two years , LaBrot and his team of volunteers have traveled on "  The Southern Wind , " a 76-foot-long refurbished ship , to treat nearly 13,000 patients in Haiti , Honduras and Panama . "  Most of the communities that we serve are communities that have fallen through the cracks because they 're too small , they 're too far away  or  they 're too hard to get to , " said LaBrot , 36 . Typically , LaBrot and his team will anchor at the coast and then use a smaller craft or vehicle to reach remote areas . In some cases , they 'll walk miles to reach small villages in need . "  The end result is that you end up in a community which may never have been visited by modern health care providers , " he said . "  I 'll find patients who have never seen a doctor before in their lives . " Approximately one-half of the world 's population lives in rural areas , according to the World Health Organization , and most of them usually lack trained health care workers . Oftentimes , these communities do n't have electricity or running water , either . LaBrot first steered "  The Southern Wind " to Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 , delivering 20,000 pounds of medical supplies , 80 sheets of plywood and 2,500 pounds of tin roofing . He and his team then stayed in the country for three months treating patients . They had no money for personal transportation , so they walked to and from the clinic where they worked . It endeared them , LaBrot said , to the Haitian people . "  You gain extraordinary acceptance by your patients when you walk through the same mud that they do , " he said . During the three months the group spent living and working in Haiti , it operated 25 mobile clinics , treated 2,500 patients , and rebuilt schools with the tin roofing they brought . LaBrot said the entire undertaking cost only $ 5,000 , including the fuel to get to Haiti from Miami . It helps that the medical supplies are donated by groups like Direct Relief International , but using a ship is also a very cost-effective way of working . "  You can house people onboard , " LaBrot said . "  On a ship , you can generate your own water , you can generate your own power . And those power sources can be from renewable energy sources . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes LaBrot originally envisioned Floating Doctors to be a provider of "  brigade medicine . " He imagined himself and other volunteers dropping into hard-to-reach areas for short durations . But Haiti changed that . There , LaBrot saw the need to stay put for a while and make a real impact . "  The benefits that you can create if you 're there longer are extraordinary , " he said . "  In Haiti , we learned after two weeks you just start to know your way around . After a month , you have some sense of the health care ecology of the area . After two months , you can really start calling on the community to assist you in your work . " In addition to providing medical care , Floating Doctors enlists locals to help with smaller-scale projects that address specific community needs . The group has installed water filtration systems , built ramps for the disabled , improved care for the elderly and raised awareness about local health issues . LaBrot works side by side with his younger sister , Sky , to run the all-volunteer organization . Since the project began , 180 volunteers from nine countries have joined the effort , including medical residents , nursing students and retired physicians . LaBrot is the only full-time doctor on board . Following their initial trip to Haiti , LaBrot and his team traveled to Honduras for a seven-month stay . They later returned to Haiti to offer aid during a cholera outbreak , and then in May , the group left Haiti for Bocos del Toro , Panama , where they have been working for the last nine months . LaBrot said he knew of the need in Honduras and Panama , and connections he had made in those countries enabled him to reach remote communities there . In the future , LaBrot hopes to set up permanent clinics that would be run by local health care workers in the three countries they 've visited . "  I do not want to have to treat a couple hundred people and then have to go , " LaBrot said . "  I want to treat thousands and thousands of people . And better than that , I want to be able to provide the people we treat with the capabilities to carry on what they 've learned so they can continue to help others after we leave . " Floating Doctors is run entirely on donations . While LaBrot wears many hats to keep his project afloat -- he often serves as captain , cook and lab technician -- he says he would n't have it any other way . "  I had to postpone many aspects of my own personal life . I do n't have a home somewhere . I had to give up a lot , " he said . "  But I gained everything . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Floating Doctors website at http://floatingdoctors.com and see how to help .	Dr. Benjamin LaBrot started Floating Doctors to reach remote coastal communities He and his team of volunteers treat villagers and help them improve their quality of life Many of the people they treat have never even seen a doctor before Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Bright , shiny and emblazoned with names like Ferrari and Lamborghini -- these brakes are almost as stylish as the cars they 're hidden within . Brembo is a world leader when it comes to high performance brakes , with a high profile at Formula 1 and other motor car racing events . Now it 's broadening its target market to expand its German footprint . Read more : EasyJet Moscow route will attract business travel "  When we entered the crisis in 2009 we had a strong brand , we had good products , but we were suffering , " managing director Andrea Marescotti told CNN . "  We lost 25 % of the sales in 2009 and we realized that by being too focused on the top luxury end we were exposed to the crisis , " he said . Read more : O'Neill : Euro may not exist by 2020 Now Brembo makes brakes for Audi and Mercedes-Benz , both premium auto-makers in Germany , the company 's largest export market . Almost a quarter of Brembo 's sales come from Germany , dwarfing the share for Italy , at 15 % . Grown from a workshop in Lombardy in 1961 by the chairman 's father , Emilio Bombassei , the business is now an export powerhouse with annual revenues of $ 1.8 billion . Read more : GE Europe chief eyes investment in Germany Lombardy is regarded as one of the four motors of Europe , a highly industrialized region that powers its country with export-led companies , many family-born , like Pirelli , Campari and Luxottica . Brembo 's total sales increased 10.7 % last year , far outpacing the 7.8 % drop in car sales across Europe shown by European Automobile Manufacturers ' Association figures . Read more : Pirelli CEO : Europe must change austerity policies According to Marescotti , family-born businesses like Brembo are the backbone of Italy , and a reason not to worry about the political malaise hovering over the country . "  There is really a multiplicity of medium and small companies with brilliant entrepreneurs with good managers , and they are global today , they are international and really competitive , " he said . "  German-makers are already utilizing this capacity of our Italian companies . " Brakes like Brembo 's are n't just designed for slowing down ; they 're also designed for speed and efficiency , to save drivers valuable milliseconds . In the Lombardy region of Italy , family-born businesses are similarly shaving off under-performing markets , and designing their products with German customers in mind .	Brembo is a world leader when it comes to high performance brakes Brembo 's sales come from Germany , dwarfing the share for Italy , at 15 % Lombardy is regarded as one of the four motors of Europe , a highly industrialized region
Editor 's note : CNN agreed not to use the last names of the Iraqi families in this story due to security concerns . Safa'a had a 12-pound tumor that nearly took over all his body . Doctors in Iraq had given up on the boy . AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- Two-year-old Safa'a gently holds his mother 's hand , a 12-pound tumor bulging from his frail body . The tumor is nearly as big as he is . The Iraqi boy has come to Jordan for surgery with help from a most unlikely source : an 85-year-old liquor tycoon living on the other side of the world . "  There is a real chance that Safa'a may die during the operation , " Dr. Iyad Sultan tells the boy 's parents . His mother , Manal , cradles her son 's hand as she trembles inside the King Hussein Cancer Center . His father , Mohammed , struggles with his words . "  We are afraid , " he says softly . See photos of Iraqi children being saved at the Jordan facility " Safa'a was diagnosed in Iraq with Wilms ' tumor , the most common kidney tumor in children . If caught and treated early on , the cancer has a high survival rate . But by the time Safa'a arrived in Jordan , Sultan says , it was a miracle the boy was alive . "  The tumor is massive , " Sultan says . "  The liver , kidney , intestines are all squished to the sides . His lungs are very small . It 's hard to believe he is able to breathe . " Watch Iraq baby gets second chance " The tumor prevented him from developing like other children . "  Sometimes when we see other children play , he starts to cry , " his father says . "  I do n't buy him certain toys like soccer balls . Because he looks at me and when he throws it far away , he ca n't go and get it . Even at his age , he understands . " Safa'a had received chemotherapy in Baghdad for a year , but the tumor kept growing , and doctors said there was nothing else they could do . "  You know , he is my first baby , " Mohammed said from his modest Baghdad home at the time . "  I used everything I have to rescue my baby . I tried to do something , but I ca n't . " The boy 's treatment in Iraq became even more volatile as sectarian violence flared . The family is Sunni , and the hospital treating Safa'a fell under the control of the Mehdi Army , a Shiite militia loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . Traveling to the facility for something as simple as picking up the child 's medical records became impossible . Watch the struggles of getting help inside Iraq " About 6,000 miles away , in Boston , Massachusetts , Safa'a came to the attention of Ray Tye . A liquor distributor and philanthropist , Tye runs the Ray Tye Medical Aid Foundation with his wife , Eileen . Their motto : "  We will never stop caring . " With the help of their friends , the couple formed the foundation five years ago after their son died of multiple myeloma , a cancer of the plasma cell that is incurable . "  I found out that all the money in the world could n't save him , but I did realize that money could save lives , " Tye says from Boston . The foundation offered to foot the bill for Safa'a to travel to Jordan , even if the boy only had the slightest chance of survival . The foundation also is paying the medical expenses of at least three other Iraqis at the Amman cancer center . "  The mission is to bring people to hospitals who have life-threatening problems and do n't have money . I do n't care where they come from , " Tye says . The Iraqi family then began the journey to neighboring Jordan . Safa'a is considered lucky to have a donor . Each month , about two dozen desperate Iraqis end up at the doors of the King Hussein Cancer Center with little or no money for treatment , officials say . See how you can make a difference "  The center is almost the only beacon of hope for patients seeking treatment for cancer , " says Princess Dina , director-general of the hospital 's foundation . "  We said we can not turn a blind eye to these patients . They are pleading , ` Please help . ' So we can not just ignore that . We do n't have the millions to cover so many Iraqi patients , so we said let 's try something else . " The scope of the crisis prompted the foundation to establish the Iraqi Goodwill Fund . It has raised more than $ 1 million and helped dozens of patients , but the need for such care far surpasses what the fund can do . For many parents , the knowledge that their children did n't have to suffer so much is often too much to bear . Iraq 's decrepit medical institutions ca n't deliver even the most basic health care , and the emigration of skilled medical professionals means that many curable diseases inside Iraq end in death . "  In many cases , children come with diseases who have just advanced to a level that you ca n't give any curable treatment , " says Sultan , Safa'a 's doctor . "  If you saw the patients months earlier -- six , eight , 10 months earlier -- you can do many other things that now just are n't doable . " One patient is 2-year-old Mariam , who was born with an extreme and potentially fatal tumor on the side of her face . Her young mother , Rasha , 22 , was deserted by her husband . She had to fight to get her daughter seen by a doctor in Iraq ; the staff was too overwhelmed with the daily casualties . "  We tried to get her into a hospital in Iraq , and the doctor kicked us out , " Rasha says . "  There was shooting and firing outside . We fought with the doctor ; we fought to get her in . I lost all hope . " The tumor grew to such a mass , it displaced Mariam 's eye , broke her jaw and burst through her scalp . "  I was watching my daughter die in front of me slowly , and there was nothing I could do , " Rasha says . U.S. troops discovered Mariam , and through a joint effort with the Jordanian government , she ended up in Amman . Now , little Mariam gurgles at her favorite nurse . Small smiles play across her deformed face as her mother tickles her . Back in the operating room , Safa'a whimpers as his parents kiss him tearfully , fearing that it could be a final goodbye . "  We do n't know what will happen when we open Safa'a 's abdomen and we take this tumor out , " the doctor says . "  Safa'a has a chance of survival definitely , if he survives today . So today is the most critical day in Safa'a 's life . " The surgery lasted five hours , and the doctors called it a success . The massive tumor was removed completely . Safa'a 's parents could barely express their happiness and gratitude . "  I can not put my happiness into words , " his mother says , laughing . The boy 's father adds , "  this is such a happy occasion . You brought happiness into the hearts of parents . " Safa'a has a lengthy recovery ahead of him , but his parents know he is lucky to have a chance at life , thanks to the kindness of strangers . "  I will tell you the truth . Tears come to your eyes . You 're saving a life , " Tye says after hearing about Safa'a 's successful surgery . "  When you look at somebody that had a life-threatening problem and you could , with money , save that life , you 've got to sit back and say you helped make this world just a little better , and that 's what it 's all about . "	An Iraqi boy , 2 , travels to Jordan to have 12-pound tumor removed Liquor tycoon in U.S. comes to boy 's aid , pays all his medical expenses "  Tears come to your eyes , " the boy 's American donor says After surgery , the boy 's mother says , "  I can not put my happiness into words "
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron arrived Saturday in Pakistan for talks with President Asif Ali Zardari about building a "  strong relationship " between Pakistan and Afghanistan , the prime minister 's office said . Cameron acknowledged "  difficulties " and "  blocks in the road " to achieving that aim . The UK leader is also to discuss the potential for British business in Pakistan 's growing economy . Cameron arrived from Afghanistan , where he made an unannounced visit Saturday and met with UK troops in Helmand province . He also spoke with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . While visiting with Karzai , Cameron said his country has "  a good relationship with Pakistan , " the UK 's Press Association news agency reported . Speaking in Kabul at press conference with Karzai , Cameron added that "  it 's in Pakistan 's short - , medium - and long-term interest to have a secure , stable and prosperous Afghanistan with which they have a good and strong relationship . " Pakistan-Afghanistan ties were "  always difficult , there are always blocks in the road , but I know that the president will see past them , " Cameron said . Cameron 's visit in Afghanistan coincided with Armed Forces Day , a series of events held across Britain on Saturday to recognize the contribution of the nation 's servicemen and women , military veterans and their families . Speaking after talks with Karzai at the presidential palace in Kabul , Cameron said the two nations had a "  shared commitment to a strong partnership beyond 2014 , " the Press Association reported . But Cameron stressed that Britain would be withdrawing all combat forces from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 , from which point it will offer financial support and run an officer training academy . There are currently 8,000 British servicemen and women serving in Afghanistan , alongside 68,000 from the United States , the largest contributor of troops . The NATO-led international coalition formally handed over security responsibility to Afghan national forces 10 days ago . They faced an early test of their capabilities Tuesday when a group of attackers stormed the entrance to the presidential palace in Kabul . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in which three guards died , according to the government . UK Gen. Nick Carter , deputy commander of the NATO-led coalition in Afghanistan , told Britain 's Guardian newspaper Saturday that he believes the West should have tried talking to the Taliban in 2002 , in the aftermath of the 2001 invasion , to help find a political solution . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has cast doubt in the past week on whether potential U.S. peace talks with the Taliban in Qatar will happen . The Taliban opened a Doha office this month with a promise to renounce international terrorism and commit to peace negotiations , conditions the United States had set before it would support establishing the office as part of peace talks . Asked about the prospect of such talks , Cameron said the political process would only succeed "  if those who are involved in the Taliban put down their arms and stop fighting , " the Press Association reported . The coalition 's plan is to withdraw all international combat troops by the end of 2014 but to keep a residual force in the country to help train Afghans and carry out counterterrorism operations when needed . The size of that force remains under discussion . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : David Cameron says Pakistan "  will see past " difficulties with Afghanistan Cameron visits British troops in Afghanistan He meets with Afghan President Hamid Karzai at the presidential palace in Kabul Cameron stresses UK commitment to withdrawing combat forces by end of 2014
