CNN  -- A 68-year-old California inmate on death row in San Quentin State Prison was found dead hanging in his cell , authorities said Tuesday . Authorities are investigating the suicide of condemned inmate James Lee Crummel and declined to provide the circumstances of the hanging , which happened Sunday afternoon in the rear of his single-occupant cell , said Lt. Sam Robinson of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . A corrections officer had last observed Crummel 15 minutes before he was found dead , Robinson said . The officer was doing an inmate count before dinner when he found Crummel 's body , Robinson said . Remains linked to death row inmate identified Crummel had not been under suicide watch , Robinson said . An autopsy will be conducted , he said . Crummel went to death row shortly after being sentenced to death on July 9 , 2004 , by a Riverside County jury for the April 13 , 1979 , kidnapping , sexual abuse and murder of 13-year-old James Wilfred Trotter , who disappeared on his way to school , authorities said . The boy 's remains were found in 1990 , and the identity of the body was not confirmed until 1996 , authorities said . Suspect in Etan Patz case arraigned on murder charge California reinstated capital punishment in 1978 , and since then , 57 condemned inmates have died from natural causes , 20 have committed suicide , 13 have been executed in California , one was executed in Missouri and six died from other causes , authorities said . California has 723 convicts on California 's death row .	Authorities are investigating the suicide hanging of James Lee Crummel He was alone in his single-occupant cell He was sentenced to death in 2004 for the 1979 kidnapping , sex abuse and murder of a boy
CNN  -- At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead after Bangladeshi paramilitary troops staged a mutiny , taking dozens of high-ranking officers and military brass hostage , the country 's law minister said Thursday . Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday . As dawn broke , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  allowed government officials entry into the headquarters in the capital city of Dhaka -- the scene of a day-long standoff Wednesday . The troops agreed to lay down their arms after Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina agreed to offer them amnesty . Ministers went door to door within the compound 's officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out . "  Nearly 50 people have been killed in sporadic fighting in the headquarters of Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  , " Mohammad Quamrul Islam , state minister for law and parliamentary affairs told reporters . In addition to military officials and BDR brass , the dead and wounded included passersby , including a rickshaw puller , struck by stray bullets during the gun battle , the Dhaka Medical College Hospital said . CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number will come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies . At around 4:30 a.m.  10:30 p.m. GMT  Thursday , Bangladeshi TV channels broadcast video of Home Minister Sahara Kahtun telling rebelling paramilitary officers in the room that she could assure them the government would listen to their grievances . As she spoke , officers deposited weapons and ammunition onto a table in front of her and into piles on the floor . The video was initially broadcast on state run TV station BTV . Various private networks picked it up soon after . The Rifles is a paramilitary force responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . At least 5,000 -- maybe more -- BDR personnel were inside the compound in the Pilkhana area of the capital when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry . Their mobile phones were turned off , making it difficult for the government to get a handle on the situation , he said . The rebelling troops were low-ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said . "  They have several demands , " Haider said . "  They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . " The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army-backed rule . Throughout the day and into the night , curious onlookers gathered outside the compound -- only to scramble for cover as sounds of gunfire periodically pierced the air . Plumes of black smoke coming from inside the compound could be seen for miles throughout the capital . Occasionally , the rebelling troops -- red bandannas covering their faces and guns slung over their shoulders -- walked past the closed gates of the compound , chanting , "  We have been deprived for a long time , we have deep grievances . " "  I 've been hearing gunfire all morning , " said Zunaid Kazi , a San Diego , California , resident who is staying at a house a few blocks from the headquarters . Watch as Kazi describes what he saw and heard " "  There will be a little lull and then the sustained gunfire will pick up again , " he said . "  I can hear military helicopters in the sky . It 's very rattling . "	NEW : Home minister shown assuring rebel officers their grievances would be heard NEW : Ministers go door to door to assure frightened women and children of safety NEW : Dead and wounded include military officials , BDR brass and passersby NEW : Rebelling troops were low-ranking members of BDR , information ministry says
New York  CNN  -- Investigators know roughly where the flames erupted in the engine room of the Carnival Triumph , but it could be a year before they learn what caused the fire , which left the massive ship adrift for days in the Gulf of Mexico . "  We know that the fire originated in front of a generator , " Patrick Cuty , a senior marine investigator for the U.S. Coast Guard , told CNN on Sunday . "  You can see the ignition marks on the wall . " There are three generators in the engine room where the fire broke out . Three other generators are in a second engine room that was n't involved in the fire , Cuty said . The same ship encountered a problem in January with its propulsion system , according to a notice posted on the website of Carnival senior cruise director John Heald . "  We 'll know by end of the next week whether the generator is the same one that was having an issue , an anomaly , in January , according to passengers we interviewed from previous cruises , " Cuty said . It could take up to a year to determine the cause of the fire , however , because of the amount of work involved . It includes a painstaking analysis of the ship 's records , automated data and wiring . The Triumph was on the third day of a planned four-day cruise from Galveston , Texas , to Mexico when the fire broke out and brought the trip to a halt . It was carrying more than 4,200 people , including 3,100 passengers . The loss of power not only crippled the ship but also created smelly conditions . Toilets stopped working , and waste spilled onto floors and into hallways . Passengers had to use plastic bags to collect their waste . Passenger Cassie Terry described the ship as "  a floating toilet , a floating Petri dish , a floating hell " in a lawsuit filed Friday against Carnival for unspecified damages related to the cruise . Passengers reported long lines for food , shortages of fresh water and widespread boredom . Many passengers slept in hallways or outside to escape the odors and heat below decks . The Triumph was eventually towed into port in Mobile , Alabama , Thursday night , and the last passengers disembarked Friday . The ship is at a Mobile shipyard for repair and wo n't resume cruises until at least mid-April . Cuty 's team remains on board the ship cataloging the location of everything in the engine room where the fire started . He said investigators are still working on lighting the room because the ship is operating on temporary power from a generator on the dock . It 's likely that Carnival will make repairs on the ship in Mobile , where the investigation is taking place , Cuty said . However , a Carnival spokesman says no decision has been made on a schedule or location for repairs . On Saturday , Carnival crew members were bused to and from the ship to help with the clean up . One housekeeper told CNN it was n't pleasant work but said it had to be done , and the crew was willing to do it . Passengers have praised the crew for its response during the ordeal . Sewage , gray water and all waste generated during a cruise are stored in tanks and removed at the end of each trip , according to Cuty . Because the Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency and will work with the Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board . Investigators pulled the voyage data recorder , a device that records alarms , voice communications on the bridge , engine speed , navigation information and rudder angle , Cuty said . It appears that the fire suppression worked as designed , Cuty said Friday . The engineer who was on watch around dawn February 10 saw the fire ignite over a video feed and immediately notified the bridge , Cuty said . Based on an inspection of the engine room Thursday , Cuty said the fire did not appear to have been large . As compensation , Carnival offered each passenger $ 500 , a free flight home , a full refund for the trip and for most expenses incurred onboard , and credit for another cruise .	Investigators now know roughly where the fire started It could still be a year before they know the cause The fire cut power to the Triumph and left it adrift for days The Triumph is now in Mobile , Alabama , for repairs
CNN  -- We 're in the midst of a bionic revolution , yet most of us do n't know it . Around 220,000 people worldwide already walk around with cochlear implants -- devices worn around the ear that turn sound waves into electrical impulses shunted directly into the auditory nerve . Tens of thousands of people have been implanted with deep brain stimulators , devices that send an electrode tunneling several inches in the brain . Deep brain stimulators are used to control Parkinson 's disease , though lately they 've also been tested -- with encouraging results -- in use against severe depression and obsessive compulsive disorder . The most obvious bionics are those that replace limbs . Olympian "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius , now awaiting trial for the alleged murder of his girlfriend , made a splash with his Cheetah carbon fiber prostheses . Yet those are a relatively simple technology -- a curved piece of slightly springy , super-strong material . In the digital age , we 're seeing more sophisticated limbs . Explore the bionic body Consider the thought-controlled bionic leg that Zac Vawter used to climb all 103 floors of Chicago 's Willis Tower . Or the nerve-controlled bionic hand that Iraq war veteran Glen Lehman had attached after the loss of his original hand . Or the even more sophisticated i-limb Ultra , an artificial hand with five independently articulating artificial fingers . Those limbs do n't just react mechanically to pressure . They actually respond to the thoughts and intentions of their owners , flexing , extending , gripping , and releasing on mental command . The age when prostheses were largely inert pieces of wood , metal , and plastic is passing . Advances in microprocessors , in techniques to interface digital technology with the human nervous system , and in battery technology to allow prostheses to pack more power with less weight are turning replacement limbs into active parts of the human body . In some cases , they 're not even part of the body at all . Consider the case of Cathy Hutchinson . In 1997 , Cathy had a stroke , leaving her without control of her arms . Hutchinson volunteered for an experimental procedure that could one day help millions of people with partial or complete paralysis . She let researchers implant a small device in the part of her brain responsible for motor control . With that device , she is able to control an external robotic arm by thinking about it . That , in turn , brings up an interesting question : If the arm is n't physically attached to her body , how far away could she be and still control it ? The answer is at least thousands of miles . In animal studies , scientists have shown that a monkey with a brain implant can control a robot arm 7,000 miles away . The monkey 's mental signals were sent over the internet , from Duke University in North Carolina , to the robot arm in Japan . In this day and age , distance is almost irrelevant . The superhuman frontier The 7,000-mile-away prosthetic arm makes an important point : These new prostheses are n't just going to restore missing human abilities . They 're going to enhance our abilities , giving us powers we never had before , and augmenting other capabilities we have . While the current generation of prostheses is still primitive , we can already see this taking shape when a monkey moves a robotic arm on the other side of the planet just by thinking about it . Other research is pointing to enhancements to memory and decision making . The hippocampus is a small , seahorse-shaped part of the brain that 's essential in forming new memories . If it 's damaged -- by an injury to the head , for example -- people start having difficulty forming new long-term memories . In the most extreme cases , this can lead to the complete inability to form new long-term memories , as in the film Memento . Working to find a way to repair this sort of brain damage , researchers in 2011 created a "  hippocampus chip " that can replace damaged brain tissue . When they implanted it in rats with a damaged hippocampus , they found that not only could their chip repair damaged memory -- it could improve the rats ' ability to learn new things . Nor is memory the end of it . Another study , in 2012 , demonstrated that we can boost intelligence -- at least one sort -- in monkeys . Scientists at Wake Forest University implanted specialized brain chips in a set of monkeys and trained those monkeys to perform a picture-matching game . When the implant was activated , it raised their scores by an average of 10 points on a 100-point scale . The implant makes monkeys smarter . From disabled to super-capable Both of those technologies for boosting memory and intelligence are in very early stages , in small animal studies only , and years  or possibly decades  away from wide use in humans . Still , they make us wonder -- what happens when it 's possible to improve on the human body and mind ? Read this : Snake arms and crystal legs : Amazing artificial limbs The debate has started already , of course . Oscar Pistorius had to fight hard for inclusion in the Olympics . Many objected that his carbon fiber prostheses gave him a competitive advantage . He was able -- with the help of doctors and biomedical engineers -- to make a compelling case that his Cheetah blades did n't give him any advantage on the field . But how long will that be true ? How long until we have prostheses  not to mention drugs and genetic therapies  that make athletes better in their sports ? But the issue is much , much wider than professional sports . We may care passionately about the integrity of the Olympics or professional cycling or so on , but they only directly affect a very small number of us . In other areas of life -- in the workforce in particular -- enhancement technology might affect all of us . When it 's possible to make humans smarter , sharper , and faster , how will that affect us ? Will the effect be mostly positive , boosting our productivity and the rate of human innovation ? Or will it be just another pressure to compete at work ? Who will be able to afford these technologies ? Will anyone be able to have their body , and more importantly , their brain upgraded ? Or will only the rich have access to these enhancements ? We have a little while to consider these questions , but we ought to start . The technology will sneak its way into our lives , starting with people with disabilities , the injured , and the ill . It 'll improve their lives in ways that are unquestionably good . And then , one day , we 'll wake up and realize that we 're doing more than restoring lost function . We 're enhancing it . Superhuman technology is on the horizon . Time to start thinking about what that means for us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ramez Naam .	"  We 're in the midst of a bionic revolution , " says author Ramez Naam Thought-controlled bionic legs and arms are already reality Brain implants allowed monkeys to control robotic arms from a distance of 7,000 miles These advances raise moral question over who will have access to this technology
Editor 's note : Reza Sayah is one of the few Western journalists reporting from Tehran after the Iranian government placed restrictions on coverage . A man in the crowd holds up a photo of Ahmadinejad during Khamenei 's address at Friday prayers . TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- People in the crowd sang songs of tribute as they waited . When he arrived , they stood and welcomed him in unison : "  Praise be to God and to his prophet , Mohammed . " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader for two decades , took the stage during Friday prayers at Tehran University with a few notes on small pieces of paper in his left hand . He leaned on the lectern with his right arm , crippled in an 1981 assassination attempt . He was ready to put an end to a week of unrest . First , a sermon about the dangers of division and disunity , using the language of Islam . Then came secular sentences , decidedly direct . He praised the huge turnout at the polls as a victory for Iran but criticized post-election turmoil as the work of Iran 's enemies -- the United States , Israel and Britain . "  The enemies want to destroy our confidence . They want to create doubt about the election , " Khamenei said . A full hour passed before he delivered a verdict that supporters of opposition presidential candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi did not want to hear . "  Eleven million votes difference ? " he asked . "  Sometimes there 's a margin of one hundred thousand or two hundred thousand , or one million , maximum . Then one can doubt , be concerned that there has been some rigging or manipulation . "  But there 's a difference of 11 million votes . How can vote rigging happen ? " To be clear , he reminded the crowd of the victor at the polls . It was the man sitting in the front row : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . He was the "  the absolute victor , " Khamenei said . "  If political elites want to ignore or break the law and willy-nilly take wrong measures which are harmful , they will be held accountable for all violence and blood and rioting . " Few in the crowd were disappointed with the cleric 's words . "  Death to America ! " the people chanted repeatedly , interrupting Khamenei 's speech . "  Death to Israel . " Noticeably absent Friday was Moussavi , the man who had sparked Iran 's unrest by calling for a recount of the votes . Absent , too , were Moussavi 's supporters , who did not take to the streets to protest as they had done in previous days . There were no signs and placards on the streets . Or people clamoring for change . The tens of thousands who showed up for Friday prayer were a stark contrast to the demonstrators . They were mostly religious conservatives , supporters of Ahmadinejad . And they had a message for the president 's opponent , though it was not always consistent . Some were conciliatory . "  The nation should come together , " one said . "  We are all one . " Others took a hard line : "  They must stop with the demonstrations , otherwise there will be consequences . " Just what those consequences might be may become apparent Saturday afternoon , when the demonstrators are expected again on the streets of Tehran . But for now , Iran 's supreme leader had issued his warning clearly : Enough is enough .	Supreme leader sermonizes about dangers of division and disunity Khamenei : Post-election turmoil the work of the United States , Israel , Britain Ayatollah endorses official results showing Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected Crowd repeatedly interrupts him to chant "  Death to Israel " and "  Death to America "
CNN  If you 've ever hankered after a horse haven , a slice has just come on the market -- at a price of $ 22.9 million . Former FedEx CEO Ted Weise is selling his 50-acre equestrian estate in Florida , which includes scenic horse riding trails and a riding arena . Oh , and when you 've dusted yourself down after a tough day in the saddle there are 10 full baths and three partial baths to help you scrub up , before you start exploring the 1,000-bottle wine cellar to help you quench your thirst . This is an equestrian lover 's dream , boasting fully equipped eight-stall stables , a riding and jumping arena , eight turnout paddocks , and riding trails that wind through cypress and pine trees -- not to mention a 20,000-acre nature reserve surrounding the grounds . "  This is one of the most fantastic equestrian properties in all of South Florida , " says Sotheby 's International Realty which is selling the property . Located in the gated community of Ranch Colony in Jupiter , Florida , the property , described by Sotheby 's as "  Spanish/Mediterranean , " also includes a heated saltwater pool , a chef 's kitchen and an observation lounge offering panoramic views of the ranch . If you 're worried about Florida 's occasional blowy weather rest easy . "  All three structures , the main house , guest house , and barn were built to exceed Miami/Dade hurricane specifications with impact glass and reinforced rebar concrete roofs , walls , and floors , and multiple generators , " said Sotheby 's . The 70-year-old Weise and his wife Sharon bought the land site for $ 2.7 m in 2004 but are now looking to downsize to a "  miniature version " of the property , according to The Wall Street Journal . Other celebrities that have owned equestrian estates include musician Bruce Springsteen , whose daughter is an avid equestrian competitor and actor Tommy Lee Jones who once owned a 52-acre polo ranch .	$ 22.9 m equestrian estate is up for sale in Florida ; Owned by retired FedEx CEO Ted Weise The roughly 50-acre ranch includes a riding arena , horse trails , and even a 1,000-bottle wine cellar The property is located in Florida and is being sold by Sotheby 's International Realty
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's single white glove was his trademark -- an iconic image for a performer whose career constantly set , then redefined , pop culture trends . Michael Jackson 's single glove , a trademark image , started as a way to hide his skin condition , friends say But it also was an early effort to mask a skin condition that he would struggle with for the rest of his life , say some who were close to him . Actress Cicely Tyson , a friend of Jackson 's , said the two shared a fashion designer in the 1980s . "  All of a sudden , he said , ` I 'm doing this glove for Michael , ' " she said . "  Michael was beginning to develop the vitiligo and it started on his hand . "  The glove was to cover the vitiligo ; that 's how that glove came into being . " The glove design and reason for it were not just hearsay for Tyson , she said . "  I was there when he was creating it , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon . More than the black fedora , the white socks and loafers or the red leather jacket , the solitary glove -- made famous in the music video for "  Billie Jean " -- became a Jackson trademark . He was dubbed "  The Gloved One , " by media and a sequined glove he wore during his 1984 Victory tour was expected to fetch more than $ 60,000 in an upcoming auction , even before his death . Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnie Klein , told CNN that Jackson suffered from vitiligo , a disease that causes blotches of lightening skin , as well as a form of lupus that led to rashes and flaking of skin on his scalp . Watch Jackson doctor talk with Larry King " "  His was bad because he began to get a speckled look over his body , " Klein said . "  All over his body -- but on his face and hands , which is hard to treat . " It 's a report that rings true to others with the disease . "  I have to wear sleeves and carry an umbrella , " said Lee Thomas , who wrote a memoir called "  Turning White , " which discusses his physical and mental struggles as an African-American man whose skin changes because of vitiligo . "  It totally makes sense to me . " Thomas , an Emmy-winning television journalist in Detroit , Michigan , told CNN that he shares a habit with Jackson . "  I got -LSB- white spots -RSB- on one of my hands , so I used to wear a glove to hold a microphone , " he said . Dr. James Norlund , a dermatologist , never treated Jackson , but said the singer 's use of the gloves and lipstick was consistent with the patterns of vitiligo , since the spots frequently first appear on the hands and face , including the lips . Klein said he treated Jackson 's vitiligo with a cream that eventually bleached Jackson 's darker pigmentation to even out his skin color . He said it was that treatment -- not a once-rumored desire by Jackson to be white -- that lightened his skin over the years . "  Michael was black , " Klein said . "  He was very proud of his black heritage . " Regardless of its origins , the glove was never viewed as anything other than fashion by Jackson 's fans , some of whom donned gloves to impersonate him . At Jackson 's memorial service Tuesday , actress Brooke Shields , a close friend of Jackson 's , remembered the glove in a light moment during an otherwise emotional eulogy . "  When he started wearing the glove , I was like , ` What 's up with the glove ? ' " she said , drawing laughter from the crowd . "  I was like , ` If you 're going to hold my hand , it better be the nonglove one because sequins really hurt me . ' It would dig in . "  He 'd just shake his head and he would just smile . "	Single glove became a trademark , one expected to sell for $ 60k plus Doctor says Jackson 's vitiligo was hard to treat on his hands Friend Brooke Shields asked , "  What 's up with the glove ? "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The federal government is establishing a new system for updating medical records of servicemen and women during and after their military careers , President Obama announced Thursday . President Obama made veterans ' affairs a big priority in the 2008 campaign and continues to do so . The joint virtual lifetime electronic record will , among other things , help ensure a streamlined transition of health care records between the Pentagon and the Veterans Administration . It will provide "  a framework to ensure that all health care providers have all the information they need to deliver high-quality health care while reducing medical errors , " the White House said in a background statement . "  When a member of the armed forces separates from the military , he or she will no longer have to walk paperwork from a -LSB- Defense Department -RSB- duty station to a local VA health center . Their electronic records will transition along with them and remain with them forever , " Obama said in remarks delivered near the White House . The system will "  cut through red tape " and allow new veterans to start receiving their benefits more quickly , he promised . During the announcement , Obama was joined by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . "  We welcome this news . ... This is a huge day for veterans and troops , " Paul Rieckhoff , head of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , told CNN . "  This is a good way for -LSB- Obama -RSB- to come back from Iraq and make a powerful statement . " The White House recently proposed a significant budget increase for the Veterans Administration , including an 11 percent hike in fiscal year 2010 . In March , however , the administration abandoned a controversial plan to charge private insurers for treatment of veterans ' service-connected ailments . Veterans ' representatives and members of Congress angrily opposed the proposal , which White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said was never finalized .	NEW : "  This is a huge day for veterans and troops , " chief of veterans group says Government is establishing a new system for updating medical records Joint virtual lifetime electronic record aims to streamline data between Pentagon , VA Obama : System will "  cut through red tape , " allow new vets to get benefits faster
CNN  -- Somalia 's president escaped an opportunistic attack by Islamic militants Wednesday as deadly fighting erupted in the center of Mogadishu , officials said . Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was returning from a trip to Yemen when insurgents began firing mortars , resulted in a clash with African Union peacekeepers , the president 's director of communications told CNN . "  The Islamic insurgents were just guessing the arrival of the president so they started firing mortars , just to send a kind of their regular violent message that they are around , " said Abdulkadir Barnamij . The heaviest of the fighting was centered on Maka Al Mukarama , which links the airport to the presidential palace but it is heavily guarded by forces from the African Union Mission in Somalia . Meanwhile Ali Muse , head of an emergency group in the city , confirmed to CNN that three people died and 16 others were wounded in the fighting . "  The casualty  number  is small because people deserted the streets soon after the fighting started , " said Ali Muse . -- Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report	President 's office : Islamist insurgents , African Union peacekeepers exchanged fire Fighting left at least five dead , according to Shabelle Media network The heaviest of the fighting centered on area linking airport to the presidential palace
Mashable  -- Rovio CEO Mikael Hed says the immensely popular "  Angry Birds " game is coming to Facebook next month with "  completely new aspects to it that just have n't been experienced in any other platform . " According to "  All Facebook , " Hed used the word "  collaborative " to describe aspects of the game , adding that "  the pigs will have a more prominent role . " Take a look at the "  Angry Birds " page on Facebook , and you 'll see that something is up . If you "  like " the page , Rovio promises to keep you posted on all the latest news about the upcoming "  Angry Birds " migration to Facebook . Other game developers must be envious of the meteoric rise of "  Angry Birds . " First it starts out as an iPhone game , then it 's ported to Android , Palm and Nokia , then suddenly there are multiple versions of the game , and it 's showing up on PCs , PSP/PS3 , Windows 7 Phone , there 's a movie tie-in , an animated series , and there 's even a 3D version in the works . And next month we 'll be playing it on the largest social network in the world . Please tell us in the comments how you think "  Angry Birds " will do on Facebook , and what you think that collaborative aspect of the game might be . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  Angry Birds " is moving to Facebook "  The pigs will have a more prominent role , " Rovio CEO says If you "  Like " the Facebook page , Rovio will keep you posted about the migration
CNN  -- Chilean authorities on Sunday issued a red alert -- the most severe in their warning system -- that the Copahue Volcano , high in the Andes mountains on the border with Argentina , might be poised for a significant eruption . In a statement , Chile 's Geological and Mining Service stressed that no mandatory evacuations have been ordered around the remote volcano , which lies about 280 kilometers southeast  175 miles  of Concepcion , though the closest roads to it are in Argentina . Even though the seismic activity suggests a minor eruption , the agency decided to raise the alert level because it could not rule out a major eruption . The service warned specifically about potentially dangerous mudslides within a 15-kilometer  9.3-mile  radius of the crater . Alto Biobio , a community about 60 kilometers  37 miles  east of Copahue , is under the heightened alert . The governor and emergency officials in Biobio province met Sunday afternoon to discuss possible scenarios , including establishing a plan in case a mass evacuation is deemed necessary . Seismic stations first detected increased activity Saturday , according to the Volcano Observatory of the Southern Andes , which is part of Chile 's Geological and Mining Service . In addition , more gas than normal has been detected coming from the volcano . The black , ash-filled gas has soared as 1.5 kilometers  almost 1 mile  above Copahue and extended 13 kilometers  8 miles  out from it , toward the southeast . Known in South America as Volcan Copahue , this volcano formed about 500,000 years ago and contains a string of nine craters in this stretch of the Andes , according to the Smithsonian 's Global Volcanism Program . Its summit is just less than 3000 meters , or 9,830 feet , above sea level . Mild to moderate eruptions have been recorded here since the 18th century , and some in the 20th century spewed volcanic rocks and chilled liquid sulfur fragments from its 300-meter wide crater lake , the Global Volcanism Program reports . After at least three eruptions during the 1990s , Copahue 's last significant eruption occurred from July to October 2000 . That incident caused damage , mudslides and spurred evacuations . Watch : Lava from Hawaii 's Kilauea volcano flows into the Pacific	A Chilean ministry issues its highest level of alert for the Copahue volcano No evacuations are ordered , but the agency ca n't rule out a significant eruption Copahue 's summit is over 9,800 feet above sea level , near the Argentinian border Its last significant eruption was in 2000
Washington  CNN  -- A pandemic is one of the few things with the power to stop the global economy in its tracks . Dr. Larry Brilliant is confident that does n't have to happen . After all , he was on the ground in Bangladesh to see the very last case of "  killer " smallpox in the world . After 2-year-old Rahima Banu recovered following treatment , the World Health Organization declared the wicked disease was over in 1980 . "  I 'm the luckiest guy in the world , " said Brilliant . "  There 's nothing better than working in a program like that and to know that something that horrible no longer exists . " Speaking Thursday at the annual TEDMED conference in Washington , Brilliant made the case that several key actions will stop pandemics : early detection , early response and better cooperation among governments . Some 2,000 health professionals and thought leaders from all sectors of society are attending TEDMED at the Kennedy Center this week for a series of talks , which are also being televised in more than 80 countries . "  With all of these viruses , we have to isolate them locally and put them in jail . It 's the only way to deal with a pandemic , " said Brilliant , now president of the Skoll Global Threats Fund . "  Early warning systems are essential to protect us from the things that are humanity 's worst nightmare . " "  A pandemic would have not just deaths and medical consequences , but also -- social disruption . There would be global recession and depression . Millions would lose their jobs . There would be no Internet and no flights , " explains Brilliant . "  Would you get on an airplane with 250 people coughing and sneezing , when you knew some of them might carry a disease that could kill you ? It would be apocalyptic . " SARS 10 years on : How dogged detective work defeated an epidemic Early detection is working . "  In 1996 , it took almost half a year -- 167 days -- to discover a potential pandemic . By 2009 , it took only 23 days , " says Brilliant . "  The question is , how can we make that better ? If we can drive that number down to a few days , to just one incubation period , it may be 100 years before that virus has the same mutation -- maybe never . " Early response and treatment are making a difference too . "  Viruses are much more fragile than you think , " he said . "  H7N9 , now circulating in China , does n't go person to person -- it has to go from birds or pigs to people . That makes it more complicated to spread . So things have to go just right for a virus to become a pandemic . That 's why it 's important to contain it in one country . " Just as the ease of international travel and the growth of global food supply chains help spread virulent new viruses , emerging technologies offer solutions to keep them at bay . "  We can find cases earlier with digital detection -- Web self-reporting , SMS , Twitter , social networking , blogging , Internet searches , online news and health reporting , " said Brilliant , who was previously executive director of Google.org . In that capacity , Brilliant helped develop a search system to try and beat the timeline of the official flu outbreak reports from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It worked . "  CDC reporting requires a patient to see a doctor , the doctor to gather samples and the samples to be analyzed , " explains Brilliant . "  It 's a lot faster using crowd-sourcing technology -- a cellphone or a computer that simply asks a person , ` Are you healthy or sick ? ' " Currently , there are dozens of nonprofit sites that track disease outbreaks in real time , including healthmap.org and instedd.org . "  Now , we really can see the flu coming and quickly know how to protect ourselves , " said Brilliant . For decades , the WHO accepted information on potential outbreaks only through official channels -- via , for example , a health minister . In 2007 , the rules changed . Data now flows in through government and independent reporting . Brilliant notes that some countries are going even farther . Through the recent launch of CORDS , a new entity bringing together regional disease surveillance networks , 28 different countries officially cooperate , sharing information to curb epidemics before they become pandemics . H1N1 death toll may be 15 times higher than previously reported "  We have to enlist everyone 's support , " Brilliant said . "  We are all in this together . Polio and guinea worm soon will be eradicated -- and I hope to see a photo finish there . "  Eighty countries came together to end smallpox -- the disease that reigned for more than two centuries , killing pharaohs and kings , is completely gone . Today , we are finding diseases faster than anyone ever imagined . Innovations in early detection , early response and global cooperation can put an end to pandemics . We are closer every day . "	Larry Brilliant has been fighting outbreaks for more than 30 years He says early detection , early response and better cooperation are keys to ending pandemics "  We have to isolate them locally and put them in jail , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- A Food and Drug Administration committee delivered a split verdict on the diabetes drug Avandia on Wednesday , with most members voting to leave it on the market but recommending different changes in how it 's prescribed . Twelve of the committee 's 33 members voted to pull Avandia off the market altogether , while only three supported leaving it on the market with its current labeling . Seven voted to add stiffer warnings to the current label , and 10 wanted both stiffer language and restrictions on its use . The vote came on the second day of hearings into the safety of the drug , which studies since 2007 have linked to an increased risk of heart failure . One member abstained , and several said their votes easily could have gone another way . "  I think the evidence of potential harm is stronger now than it was in 2007 , " said Dr. Peter Savage , the director of the National Institutes of Health 's epidemiology division , who voted for stronger warnings and restrictions . "  I think if the drug is to remain on the market , we need to consider whether there would be some specific indications in which it would be reserved for use . It seems to me that simply putting a warning , a black-box warning , in the labeling is probably not sufficient to really protect patients . " FDA officials will make a decison on what to do with the medication "  as soon as possible , " said Janet Woodcock , director of the agency 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . Avandia manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline has insisted on the safety of the medication , which is used to control blood sugar levels in diabetics . But a company-sponsored study that Glaxo said showed there was no higher risk of heart problems came under heavy fire from FDA researchers during proceedings Tuesday and Wednesday . In a statement issued after the vote , Glaxo reiterated its belief in the safety of the drug and said Avandia "  remains available to physicians and appropriate patients " to treat type 2 diabetes . "  Following today 's recommendations , we will , of course , continue to work with the FDA in the best interest of diabetes patients who face this chronic and serious disease , " Dr. Ellen Strahlman , the company 's chief medical officer , said in the statement . "  Patients taking Avandia should speak with their physician about their treatment and any questions they may have regarding the safety of the medicine . " But Dr. Daniel Einhorn , president of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists , said the decision was "  hardly a ringing endorsement " of the drug . In two preliminary votes , the FDA panel found that Avandia has an increased risk of heart problems compared with other drugs -- but it made the same determination in 2007 without voting to pull the drug , recommending stronger warnings instead . The committee would not conclude the drug poses an increased risk of death , with most calling the data before them insufficient . "  Until we have a longer-term follow-up we just ca n't say much about mortality , " said committee member Dale Hammerschmidt , a University of Minnesota medical professor . Before the vote , Chuck Keyserling , who suffers from type 2 diabetes , told the panel he has been taking Avandia for 10 years and ca n't take an alternative drug because of his physical limits on exercise . "  In making this plea to keep Avandia on the market , I believe I am pleading for my life , " Keyserling said . For people in his position , he said , "  a negative position on Avandia may be a death sentence . " A strongly worded FDA report last week called Glaxo 's RECORD study , which the company cites as evidence of the drug 's safety , "  inappropriate and biased . " It accused Glaxo of repeatedly submitting sloppy data and failing to follow up on reports of problems among patients , including deaths . And Dr. David Graham , the author of a June study that also found higher risk of heart problems among Avandia users , said the RECORD study would have been dismissed as "  garbage " if it had been used to seek the drug 's original approval . But Dr. Murray Stewart , Glaxo 's vice president for clinical development , said Tuesday that the company 's studies "  provide the most robust and reliable data " to assess Avandia 's safety -- and those studies have found "  no evidence to suggest " the drug increases the risk of heart problems . Stewart defended the RECORD study again Wednesday . Glaxo says several trials have shown Avandia is safe , but its usage has fallen sharply since a 2007 study that linked it to an increased risk of heart attacks and other related problems . Published estimates indicate annual sales of Avandia have dropped from about $ 3 billion in 2006 to about $ 1 billion . A Senate committee added to the controversy Tuesday . Its leaders released documents they said show Glaxo "  failed to publish studies that found serious health risks associated with Avandia in a timely manner and actively promoted the drug despite the known safety concerns . " The documents , which the Senate Finance Committee provided to the FDA , include studies that date back to 2000 , the committee 's Democratic chairman and ranking Republican said . But in an e-mail , Glaxo spokeswoman Mary Anne Rhyne told CNN the new documents were "  a small subset " of millions of pages the company released in connection with lawsuits over the drugs . "  They include drafts and other documents taken out of context , which therefore are incomplete and misleading , " Rhyne said . "  The documents do not offer new clinically relevant scientific information , and do not provide the full extent of GSK 's studies and evaluation of Avandia . "	NEW : The decision is "  hardly a ringing endorsement , " doctor says Most panelists recommend Avandia stay on the market with restrictions Glaxo says Avandia remains available to "  appropriate " patients FDA promises to issue a decision "  as soon as possible "
CNN  -- The African Union plans to host a delayed summit Thursday to raise funds for famine victims amid mounting criticism over the continent 's weak response to the disaster . The meeting originally planned for August 9 was postponed this month even as the organization called on urgent aid to the drought-struck Horn of Africa region . "  Urgent humanitarian assistance is crucial to alleviate the impact of the drought , which has deprived people from water , sanitation , health , basic food and nutritional needs , " the 54-nation body said in a statement announcing the delay . It did not give a reason for postponing the meeting , which will be held at its headquarters in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . A drought in the Horn of Africa region straddling Ethiopia , Kenya and Somalia has left nearly 12 million people in need of assistance . Somalia is especially badly hit , with a famine declared in some parts of the nation . Relief efforts in Somalia have been hindered by the ongoing battle between Islamist rebels and the transitional government , which holds little sway beyond Mogadishu . Aid agencies have urged the international community to ramp up help as thousands flee Somalia each week in search of food and water -- many walking for days in the sweltering sun to refugee camps in Kenya and Ethiopia . The meeting comes as aid groups urge the continent 's leaders to step up their efforts . "  The African Union has so far pledged only $ 500,000 for the aid effort , and most key governments have pledged even less or nothing at all , " Oxfam said in a statement this month . Only a handful of African nations have donated to the effort , according to Oxfam .	The meeting originally planned for August 9 was postponed this month A drought in the Horn of Africa region leaves 12 million in need of assistance The meeting comes as aid groups urge the continent 's leaders to step up their efforts
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama urged Congress to adopt a "  pay-as-you-go " approach to federal spending in order to restore fiscal discipline , but critics say the president 's call lacks credibility . Preisdent Obama says PAYGO is common sense . Faced with a record $ 1.8 trillion deficit , Obama on Tuesday pushed Congress to take up the spending rules , known as PAYGO . The approach would require lawmakers to pay for new programs , dollar-for-dollar , with budget cuts elsewhere . "  The ` pay as you go ' rule is very simple . Congress can only spend a dollar if it saves a dollar elsewhere , " Obama said , as he announced that he was submitting to Congress a proposal to make PAYGO law . Obama repeated his vow to halve the deficit by the end of his first term , and he said PAYGO is an important step toward making that happen . A previous PAYGO mandate helped erase federal budget deficits in the 1990s , and subsequent ineffective rules contributed to the current budget deficits , Obama said . "  Paying for what you spend is basic common sense . Perhaps that 's why , here in Washington , it has been so elusive , " the president said Tuesday . Watch more on Obama 's ` pay-as-you-go ' plan " But Republicans were quick to question the administration 's sincerity . Republican Whip Eric Cantor charged that the administration 's focus on PAYGO "  seems more driven by polling and PR strategy than a serious commitment to fiscal discipline . " "  It seems a tad disingenuous for the President and Speaker -LSB- Nancy -RSB- Pelosi to talk about PAYGO rules after ramming trillions in spending through Congress proposing policies that create more debt in the first six months of this year than in the previous 220 years combined , " Cantor , R-Virginia , said in a statement Tuesday . Republicans point to the $ 787 billion stimulus package as evidence that Obama is not following his own advice . Cantor 's statement included a "  fiscal timeline " highlighting government spending initiatives this year . The timeline entry for June 8 points to polls showing dissatisfaction with the administration on spending and the deficit . The entry for June 9 shows the president holding a PAYGO summit . However , a group of fiscally conservative Democratic representatives known as the Blue Dogs say Obama 's proposal is responsible and necessary . "  President Obama inherited an economy in free fall and a $ 10.6 trillion national debt , " said Rep. Jim Cooper of Tennessee , vice chairman of the Blue Dog Budget and Financial Services Task Force . "  While short-term spending was necessary to get the economy moving again , our long-term fiscal problems became that much more urgent . " But when it comes to reducing the deficit , even the Senate Budget Committee 's Democratic chairman doubts the president can deliver on his promise . Asked if Obama could halve the deficit -- given the recent government spending -- Sen. Kent Conrad said , "  I do n't believe so . I do n't believe anybody could . " Administration officials still defend piling the stimulus spending on top of the deficit , arguing that it was the best approach to get the country out of the recession . "  Pay-as-you-go embodies a common sense principle that you should n't dig a hole deeper , " said Peter Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget . CNN 's Kristi Keck and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Approach requires Congress to balance spending increases with equal savings Republicans question timing of announcement -- after months of spending A key Democrat says Obama could have tough time keeping promise to halve deficit Blue Dog Democrats applaud "  pay-as-you-go " as responsible and necessary
InStyle.com  -- It 's been a big summer for wedded bliss : In the last few months , everyone from Penelope Cruz to Carrie Underwood to Emily Blunt has tied the knot . And , try as Chelsea Clinton might to keep the particulars under wraps , details of her upcoming nuptials have been slowly but surely leaking out . We 're eagerly awaiting pictures of the former first daughter 's gown -- rumor has it , she 's wearing Vera Wang or Oscar de la Renta -- but in the meantime , we 've decided to take a look back at the ten most iconic wedding dresses ever . Jacqueline Bouvier The future first lady  and fashion icon  wore a voluminous ivory silk taffeta gown by the designer Ann Lowe when she married John F. Kennedy in 1953 . A portrait neckline and wide , embellished skirt emphasized Jackie 's small waist , and an heirloom lace veil , which originally belonged to her grandmother , completed the super-romantic ensemble . See all 21 best dressed celebrity brides Gwen Stefani Christian Dior designer John Galliano created this dip-dyed silk faille gown specifically for the singer 's 2002 marriage to rocker Gavin Rossdale , and it 's a triumph of personal style -- equal parts girlie and punk , just like the pop star herself . Grace Kelly In 1956 , she played a princess onscreen in "  The Swan " and then assumed the role in real life : The pearl-studded , long-sleeved gown she wore to marry Monaco 's Prince Rainier was a parting gift from Grace Kelly 's former studio , MGM . Conceived by costume designer Helen Rose -- and constructed by three dozen seamstresses over six weeks -- the elaborate silk faille , silk tulle , and rose point lace confection was pure Hollywood fantasy . InStyle.com : See celebrity-inspired engagement rings Portia DeRossi Both of the brides wore Zac Posen at their 2008 ceremony : Ellen DeGeneres opted for a tailored ensemble consisting of white pants , a dress shirt , and a white vest , while DeRossi chose a dramatic  and beautiful  backless gown with a ballerina-inspired pale pink tulle skirt . Lady Diana Spencer Yes , her puff-sleeved , ruffled , silk taffeta gown -- decorated with lace , embroidery , sequins , and around 10,000 tiny pearls -- was n't exactly understated . But then neither was anything else about Diana 's royal wedding to Prince Charles in 1981 . InStyle.com : Stars ' most memorable dresses Marilyn Monroe They seemed , to some , like a match made in heaven : the big-screen siren and the baseball star . While Monroe 's marriage to Joe DiMaggio did n't even last a year , the fur-collared brown wool suit she wore to their 1954 ceremony at San Francisco 's City Hall was utterly timeless . Elizabeth Taylor Taylor 's Cleopatra co-star Richard Burton was her fifth husband .  And her sixth -- they remarried less than two years after their first divorce .  So it makes sense that , in 1964 , she decided against a traditional white dress . Instead , Taylor opted for a round-necked daffodil yellow chiffon mini topped with a headdress made of white hyacinths and lilies of the valley .  She wore green to their do-over in 1976 . InStyle.com : More celebrity couples who 've tied the knot twice Ivanka Trump Donald 's daughter was reportedly inspired by Grace Kelly 's classic gown : She converted to Judaism in order to marry Jared Kushner in 2009 , and required a slightly more covered-up style . Vera Wang was happy to oblige . "  I seized on the chance to do a dress that was n't naked , " the designer said at the time . Mia Farrow At 21 , she personified the adjective gamine : Her close-cropped hair perfectly complemented her delicate features . And the ensemble she wore to wed Frank Sinatra in 1966 -- a pale minidress paired with a short , boxy matching jacket -- likewise balanced sweet with chic . InStyle.com : Exclusive photos from more celebrity weddings Katie Holmes Holmes once confessed that she fantasized about marrying Tom Cruise when she was a little girl -- and the ornate , off-the-shoulder Armani she wore to their 2006 Italian wedding may very well have been the sort of gown she imagined wearing . Adorned with Swarovski crystals , embroidery , and a silk train , and topped with a floor-length veil made of ivory tulle , this was a true dream dress . See if your favorites made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A Christian Dior designer created a dip-dyed silk faille gown specifically for Stefani The gown Kelly wore to marry Monaco 's Prince Rainier was a parting gift from MGM DeGeneres and DeRossi wore Zac Posen at their 2008 ceremony
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles Police want to question a "  person of interest " in the theft of nearly all of legendary tennis champion Pete Sampras ' trophy collection from a public storage facility . The 14-time Grand Slam titleholder learned that 51 of his 64 championship trophies -- including those marking his first Australian Open cup , five season-ending ATP World Tour titles , two Davis Cup wins and other memorabilia -- were among the coveted items stolen . The theft occurred about one month ago , police said . "  It was a very highly secure storage center , " said Lt. Robert Edgar , who supervises a Special Burglary Section at Los Angeles Police headquarters . He declined to give further details about the investigation or the potential market value of the stolen items . Sampras , his wife , actress Bridgette Wilson-Sampras , and their two sons recently moved from their Thousand Oaks , California , estate to Brentwood . Their Thousand Oaks property on the grounds of the Sherwood Country Club is listed for $ 25 million . Sampras held the No. 1 ranking on the Association of Tennis Professionals from 1993 to 1998 . Those six trophies are also missing . He defeated Andre Agassi at the 2002 U.S. Open before retiring the following year with the most grand slam wins in tennis history . Roger Federer later surpassed his record with 16 major titles .	Sampras and his family recently moved to a new home As many as 51 trophies were stolen The items were taken from a storage facility
CNN  -- He is the king of clicks , the biggest star in the most powerful media platform to emerge in recent years . But unless your date of birth hovers near the year 1990 , you 've probably never heard of him . Shane Dawson , a 22-year-old college dropout from California , is a YouTube superstar and the epitome of the new era of Do-It-Yourself celebrity . He produces three videos a week for YouTube from his Los Angeles area home . Uploads of his videos approach half a billion views a year . "  I thought I 'd be on TV and movies - that 's what I really wanted - and I ca n't believe I did n't need to do that , " said Dawson on finding fame and an outlet for his comedy on YouTube . "  I did it on my own with just me and my camera . That 's very , very weird . " And very rare . With 12 hours of video uploaded on YouTube every minute - and the volume on the rise - scoring a devoted clicking audience online is difficult . "  Your odds are like winning the lottery , and its getting worse all the time , " said David Burch , communications director for TubeMogul Inc. , an online video analysis firm . Companies are finding increasing success capturing a commercial audience via YouTube . Videos produced by companies captured nearly 5 percent of YouTube 's daily top 100 in February - up from 0.4 percent in October 2009 , Burch said . And companies are digging deeper to find their niche audience through YouTubers . "  You 're seeing girls doing cosmetic how-to videos getting sponsorships from cosmetic companies , " Burch said . "  These girls drop a video and get 3 million views a weeks - that 's a lot . " But the odds of individuals making real money on YouTube remain long . TubeMogul estimates that only 15 independent YouTube acts make more than $ 100,000 a year from banner advertisements on their videos , and only two acts make more than $ 200,000 a year . Dawson is estimated by TubeMogul to be the top earner with an estimated $ 295,000 in revenues a year .  Dawson and his manager declined to discuss or confirm his YouTube earnings . "  These YouTube celebrities are making some great content resonating with a very young audience where the advertising revenues are n't as high , " Burch said . And still a legion of Dawson wannabes pour more content onto YouTube each day . CNN asked Dawson and TubeMogul 's Burch to share their tips on how to be an online video star . Volume , volume , volume Monday for Dawson is spent uploading his new videos and scripting for the week ahead . Tuesday he collects props and builds sets , if necessary . Wednesday is spent filming , Thursdays editing , Fridays mapping out his second channel video , Saturday is for mopping up unfinished work and on Sunday he picks costumes , themes and dance moves for his weekly "  Ask Shane " video . As a result , Dawson does n't sleep much depite the protestations from his manager to get more rest . But his consistent volume of new videos has helped Dawson succeed where many major companies have failed . "  A lot of companies went into the YouTube frontier a year-and-a-half or two years ago , but what they did n't have was frequency , " Burch said . "  You have to update at least once a week , preferably more . " A video posted on YouTube gets half its views in the first two weeks its online , Burch said . Love it , or leave it Dawson began shooting videos with his brother when he was 10 years old . As an overweight teenager , he dreamed of a career in Hollywood as an actor and wrote one-act plays for his high school drama class . "  I 've always been doing videos , " Dawson said . His avocation turned into a profession two years ago after an incident that otherwise would be an Internet 2.0 cautionary tale : He and others were fired from a weight-loss center in August 2008 for a video he posted online that was shot in the workplace . "  I did n't think it was so bad , but someone did n't think it was funny , " Dawson recalls . "  I laugh about it now , but it was probably the most depressing time of my life . I had so much guilt , and got six people fired . " Although he had posted videos to YouTube infrequently since 2005 , his dismissal caused him to focus full-time on his videos to earn a living . "  I was out of work and could n't collect unemployment because I was fired , " he said . Because the odds of success are so small , the labor has to be its own reward before it reaps financial dividends , said Burch of TubeMogul . "  If you do n't love doing this without making money , give it up , " Burch said . Dare to be different Dawson 's videos feature a stable of characters he impersonates . The content leans to the raunchy and straddles the lines of taste  such as a parody of "  Twilight " that has a vampire drinking menstrual blood  . "  It 's easy to say what these people are doing is so stupid , so asinine , " Burch said . "  Anyone over 30 probably has n't heard of these top acts . But it 's mostly young kids , and they 're resonating with kids . " Dawson started his YouTube career video blogging - or vlogging , talking directly to the camera and making self-deprecating observations about his life . "  The first sketch I did was from me having fun at three in the morning , wearing wigs and doing this character for my mom as a phone sex operator , " Dawson recalls . "  It doubled the number of views and people started subscribing to me - I did n't even know what ` subscribing ' was . " Now Dawson has nearly four million subscribers to his three YouTube channels who receive notifications on their YouTube homepage of new videos released . "  It sounds super cliché , but staying true to yourself and what you are works , " Dawson said . "  People bitch about my videos being too raunchy or whatever , but I 'm just making videos for myself . Make the videos that you want to watch , do n't think about who is going to be upset or offended . " Stay close to your audience Like other YouTube successes , Dawson has a wide presence on social networking sites like FaceBook and Twitter . In the early days , Dawson responded to everyone who posted to his MySpace page , "  but that got harder after I had 100,000 subscribers . " Still he elicits and shares feedback from his viewers . Ironically , one of the best ways to reach him these days is through snail mail . "  I have a P.O. Box that I get about 50 letters a day that my mom picks up , and a lot of weird gifts I like to show on my videos , " he said . "  You have to be open ... it 's about letting people into your life , " Dawson said . YouTube sensations like Dawson "  build an audience one member at a time ; they will answer email one person at a time , " Burch of TubeMogul said . "  They really engage their audience by making a personal connection . "	Shane Dawson 's YouTube videos have nearly a half billion uploads About 12 hours of video is uploaded to YouTube every minute Successful online video makers must consistently post to stay on top Viewership is built by making one-on-one connections with audience
CNN  -- U.S. ambassador to China Gary Locke is nearing the end of a three-day visit to the Tibet Autonomous Region where he has been meeting with local officials to impress the importance of preserving Tibetan culture , according to the U.S. embassy . Locke , who took the trip with his family , several embassy officials and Chengdu 's consulate general , also stressed the need to open up access to Tibet to foreign diplomats , tourists and journalists , the embassy said in a statement . There has been no mention of the trip in Chinese media , which follows Locke 's visit last September to Tibetan monasteries in western China , where a number of Tibetan monks have set themselves on fire . OPINION : Obama must turn up the heat on Tibet Since 2006 , 119 monks have self-immolated in protest against Chinese policies they say violate their basic rights , according to Human Rights Watch . More claims of repression of Tibetan rights came Thursday with a report from HRW , which condemned China 's mass relocation of millions of Tibetans to what it called "  New Socialist Villages . " The report , entitled "  They Say We Should Be Grateful , " accused the Chinese government of committing "  extensive rights violations " of Tibetans by forcing residents in a number of counties to abandon their houses and move to new purpose-built housing estates . The HRW report included aerial images of Tibetan counties , which showed photos of villages before and after new homes were built . HRW has accused the Chinese government of failing to adequately compensate villagers whose homes have been demolished , and of not restoring residents ' livelihoods . "  The scale and speed at which the Tibetan rural population is being remodeled by mass rehousing and relocation policies are unprecedented in the post-Mao era , " said HRW 's China director , Sophie Richardson . "  Tibetans have no say in the design of policies that are radically altering their way of life , and -- in an already highly repressive context -- no ways to challenge them , " she added in a statement . When asked to comment on the report , Hua Chunying , a Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesperson said : "  The organization you just mentioned has been consistently making irresponsible remarks and groundless accusations against China . I 'll not spend time to read the report or comment on it . " According to the report , since 2006 more than two million Tibetans have been "  rehoused " -- through government-ordered renovation or construction of new houses -- in the Tibet Autonomous Region , while hundreds of thousands of nomadic herders in the eastern part of the Tibetan plateau have been relocated . The massive rehousing project is part of China 's policy to "  Build a New Socialist Countryside " in Tibetan areas , which was announced by former premier Wen Jiabao in 2006 . At the time , the government pledged to increase spending in rural areas and committed billions of dollars to raise the living standards in the countryside . Earlier this year , as part of its Report on China 's Economic and Social Development , the government vowed to "  give high priority to developing the western region on a large scale . " "  We will more quickly open up the region to the outside world , and create a number of leading areas to open up and develop border regions and the hinterland . We will implement the policies and measures to develop Xinjiang , Tibet , and Tibetan ethnic areas in Sichuan , Yunnan , Gansu , and Qinghai provinces in leaps and bounds , " the report said .	U.S. : Locke meeting officials to impress importance of preserving Tibetan culture Envoy also stressed the need to open up access to Tibet to foreign diplomats Since 2006 , 119 monks have self-immolated in protest against Chinese policies HRW report alleges mass relocation of millions of Tibetans to "  New Socialist Villages "
CNN  -- A fumble on the goal line . An interception returned for a touchdown . A missed game-winning field goal in the closing seconds . Most view these as just part of the game of football . But could these things actually be the work of God ? Well , according to a new poll , 27 % of Americans believe that God "  plays a role in determining which team wins " sporting events . That means about 80 million Americans believe that God will help one of the teams in this Sunday 's Super Bowl . If God influences which teams win championships , it 's clear that God likes certain teams more than others . And God 's favorite -- and I know many will hate to hear this -- is clearly the New York Yankees . The Bronx Bombers have won 27 world championships , far and away the most championships of any American professional sports team . Other teams high up there on God 's fantasy sports team include the Boston Celtics with 17 NBA championships , the Pittsburgh Steelers with six Super Bowl wins and the Detroit Red Wings with 11 Stanley Cup titles . And if God 's affection for your team translates into more championships , then God really hates the Chicago Cubs . OK , maybe "  hate " is too harsh , but there must be a reason the Cubs have n't won a championship in more than 100 years . What did the team do to deserve this much pain ? Opinion : I hate , hate Super Bowl parties Even the Cubs crosstown rivals , the Chicago White Sox , won a World Series in 2005 . And keep in mind that organization was involved in the infamous "  Black Sox " scandal , in which some of its players took bribes in exchange for intentionally losing the 1919 World Series . But despite the Cubs ' horrible history , a special place must be reserved in God 's doghouse for the NFL 's Buffalo Bills . Not only have n't the Bills won a Super Bowl in 46 years , they made it to the Super Bowl four years in a row , from 1991-1994 , and lost every time . The most painful loss was in 1991 , when the Bills ' kicker missed a game-winning field goal in the closing seconds , resulting in a one-point victory for the New York Giants .  Being a Giants fan , I was praying for the kicker to miss , so maybe God was involved on some level . Of course , if God is helping teams win , how do you explain the success of teams with names like the New Jersey Devils or Duke Blue Devils ? The New Jersey Devils have three Stanley Cup Championships and the Duke Blue Devils are consistently a powerhouse in NCAA men 's basketball , winning their last national championship in 2010 . Perhaps God has some evil competition in the area of sports ? In any event , let 's turn to Sunday 's Super Bowl . Are there any signs that might indicate which team God may support in the match between the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers ? It 's truly a tough call . Both teams feature stars who have publicly declared their strong connection with the big guy in the sky . The Ravens ' Ray Lewis excitedly announced after his team 's victory propelling them to the Super Bowl : "  God is so amazing . " While the 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick recently said : "  I think God watches over everybody . ... He has a plan for everyone . " Amid ` storybook ' ending , Ray Lewis is still controversial But public displays of devotion to God alone have not proven to propel an entire team to victory -- just ask Tim Tebow . He 's watching the Super Bowl on TV . Maybe we should look at which team has had more success in the past -- that could be a sign . Well , the Baltimore Ravens have won only one Super Bowl , the one played in 2000 . But the team has consistently made it to the playoffs , year after year . And while the 49ers have n't won a Super Bowl since 1995 , the organization won five NFL championships between 1982 and 1995 . So , which team will God be rooting for come Sunday ? As someone who believes strongly in God , I actually hope that God could care less which team wins . I 'd hate to think prayers were n't being answered because God was watching the Super Bowl . I 'd prefer that God be focused on helping people truly in need of assistance with bigger challenges than covering the point spread . To me , San Francisco 's Kaepernick had it right with his recent statement : "  I do n't think  God 's  cheering for one team or another . I think he 's helping everybody , just trying to keep everybody safe . " God does , indeed , work in mysterious ways , so we will truly never know if certain teams are favored . But if they are , here 's praying that the New York Giants will be back in the 2014 Super Bowl . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Study : 27 % of Americans believe God plays a role in which team wins in sports Dean Obeidallah : If God backs teams for championships , God likes the Yankees He says pick for Super Bowl a tough call : Both teams have God-loving players Obeidallah : San Fran QB Kaepernick said it right : "  I think he 's helping everybody "
CNN  Class is in session at schools across Nigeria , where students are learning to shape eyebrows , smooth foundation , apply eye-shadow , and -- perhaps -- defy economic gloom to grasp a glamorous future . Informed by the remarkable rise of their own "  head teacher " to the summit of Nigeria 's cosmetics industry , the students -- for the most part young women in their 20s and 30s -- are being taught that makeup artistry can be their passport to self-confidence , independence , and a business of their own . Making a difference to young lives is all part of the mission for 37-year-old cosmetics queen Tara Fela-Durotoye . "  There are certain things telling you that you can not make it ; that you will not make it ; that Nigeria is not a place where people make it , " says Fela-Durotoye . "  I beg to differ . " Tara 's story Fela-Durotoye is the CEO of House of Tara International , a household name in her native Lagos , where the company develops makeup , perfume and accessories that eschew the Western-centered tastes of the big cosmetic firms in favor of products designed specifically for Nigeria 's women . In 1998 , aged 21 , Fela-Durotoye was already on her way to becoming a qualified lawyer when she launched House of Tara as a makeup studio , at first specializing in makeup designs for brides and their wedding parties . Her artistry proved a hit with Nigeria 's booming middle class and , today , the company employs over 3,000 beauty reps across West Africa . She says she was drawn to cosmetics by her inspirational step-mother , by seeing "  what makeup actually does to a woman in terms of self-esteem and confidence . " The Tara beauty range was born out of her frustration at the lack of suitable cosmetics available in Nigeria -- "  Importers did n't know exactly what was right for Nigerian women , " she says -- and sense that her products could fill the gap while encouraging pride in home-grown glamor . "  A lot of the Tara products are named after either beauty icons or beauty philosophies in Africa , " says Fela-Durotoye . "  For us it 's about sharing the world and sharing our culture to the world . " The past few years have seen the company expand into catwalk and film makeup design as Lagos fashion and cinema scenes have flourished . When French pharmaceutical giants L'Oreal came to Nigeria looking for a partner to help introduce their Maybelline range to the West African country , they signed up with Tara , earning Fela-Durotoye a spot on Forbes ' list of "  20 Young Power Women In Africa " in the process . Playing teacher As a child , Fela-Durotoye remembers visiting her grandmother , and gathering with the children from the local village to pass on lessons she 'd learned at school . "  She always teased about how she expected me to be a teacher , " recalls Fela-Durotoye . "  And I would say that she was correct . Grandma was correct , " she continues . "  I am still a teacher , the only thing is this time I 'm not teaching maths or English . I 'm teaching enterprise : I 'm teaching makeup artistry as a platform for enterprise . " Fela-Durotoye 's 14 schools teach a range of courses , from short personal makeup courses to professional diplomas in makeup artistry . When she founded the schools a decade ago , she says few considered makeup to be a serious career prospect , with parents pushing children toward professions like law , medicine and accountancy . But with Nigeria 's economy growing , the market for "  little luxuries " such as cosmetics -- and demand for trained makeup artists for weddings , film and everyday life -- has seen a rise . Today , Fela-Durotoye makes the lofty estimate that 80 % of Nigeria 's makeup artists were trained by House of Tara . Fela-Durotoye says she sees each student as a potential small business owner and her courses teach knowledge of the beauty industry , plus customer service and business ethics skills , in addition to practical beauty essentials . The aim is to equip graduates with everything they need to launch their own beauty store , and past graduates have gone on to start small firms that employ a handful of other makeup artists . If it seems strange for makeup artist Fela-Durotoye to be training thousands of competitors , she says you 'd be missing the point . "  What drives me is living purpose . I think my business is a vehicle to change lives . "	House of Tara is Nigerian beauty brand that teaches makeup styling and business skills to budding cosmetics entrepreneurs CEO Tara Fela-Durotoye says she teaches makeup artistry as "  a platform of enterprise " Graduates are taught all the skills they need to start a small business
CNN  -- An 11-year-old boy is facing adult charges in the shooting death of his father 's pregnant girlfriend , authorities said Saturday . Police say Kenzie Marie Houk 's daughter found her shot to death in her bed on Friday . Police say the boy shot Kenzie Marie Houk , who was eight months pregnant , once at point-blank range in her farmhouse in western Pennsylvania . The boy , whose name was withheld by CNN because he is a juvenile , was charged with one count each of criminal homicide and homicide of an unborn child in the death of Houk , 26 , Lawrence County District Attorney John Bongivengo told CNN . Houk 's 4-year-old daughter found her in her bed Friday , according to police . The child alerted landscapers working near the home , who then called authorities . Watch a community in shock " "  This is something that you would n't even think of in your worst nightmare , that you 'd have to charge an 11-year-old with homicide , " Bongivengo said , according to CNN affiliate WTAE . "  It 's heinous , the whole situation . " Under Pennsylvania law , anyone over the age of 10 accused of murder or homicide is charged as an adult . If convicted , the boy faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , Bongivengo said . Authorities said the boy is the son of the victim 's live-in boyfriend at the home in Wampum , about 35 miles northwest of Pittsburgh . "  At this point , we do n't believe it 's accidental , " Bongivengo said . The weapon was a youth model 20-gauge shotgun , designed for use by children , that belonged to the boy , according to investigators . Bongivengo told reporters the household has no history of child abuse , but that an investigation is ongoing . Calls to the boy 's public defender , Dennis Elisco , went unanswered Saturday . CNN 's Chloe Melas and Kristin Hamill contributed to this report .	Kenzie Marie Houk 's 4-year-old daughter found her shot to death in bed Friday Houk , 26 , was eight months pregnant Boy charged as an adult with criminal homicide , homicide of an unborn child The 11-year-old is the son of Houk 's boyfriend
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A volcano eruption in Indonesia killed three people and forced tens of thousands more out of their homes , the disaster management agency said Friday . Two died from smoke inhalation while the third was hit by a collapsing wall . Officials had originally reported two deaths due to falling building debris . Mount Kelud in the eastern part of the main island Java has been spewing ash for at least two days high into the air , as a smoke plume has risen from out of its crater into the sky . The government raised its eruption alert to its highest level overnight , and authorities have ordered an evacuation of all residents in a 10-kilometer  6.2 miles  radius of the volcano in eastern Java . At the height of the crisis Friday , 100,000 people evacuated , but that number later dropped to more than 75,000 . Seven airports closed due to volcanic ash , which filled the skies and can lead to jet engine problems . Lightning was seen striking the volcano 's peak as it spewed debris , according to National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho . The nation 's volcanology agency said other smaller eruptions could happen . Authorities urged people to stay outside the 10-kilometer radius . Pictures from the scene show large black plumes rising over Mount Kelud , raining pebbles and ash on the surrounding area . The military has been called in to help evacuate people from the area to nearby shelters . Mount Kelud last erupted in 2007 , but it has recently ramped up activity in the past 10 days . In 1990 , an eruption killed more than 30 people and injured hundreds . Indonesia is part of the vast "  Pacific Ring of Fire , " an area of colliding continental plates where powerful earthquakes and volcanic eruptions often occur . This is n't Indonesia 's only volcano problem December : Volcano in El Salvador erupts for first time in 37 years CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Deaths caused by smoke inhalation and collapsing wall Flights at area airports are canceled because of the ash Indonesian government raises its eruption alert to its highest level Mount Kelud last erupted in 2007 ; a 1990 eruption was deadly
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Actress Keira Knightley released a violent commercial Thursday highlighting the problem of domestic violence . In the two-minute film , Knightley is beaten by an abusive boyfriend after she arrives home from a day of filming . Actress Keira Knightley 's public service spot was directed by Joe Wright of "  Atonement . " The commercial , made for the charity Women 's Aid , was launched online . It will be shown on television and in movie theaters , the group said . The film , called "  CUT , " was directed by Joe Wright , who directed Knightley in "  Atonement . " At the end , the words "  Is n't it time someone called cut ? " appear on screen . According to the Web site for Women 's Aid , two women are killed by a current or former partner in the United Kingdom in an average week . In a statement on the charity 's Web site , Knightley said , "  I wanted to take part in this advert for Women 's Aid because while domestic violence exists in every section of society , we rarely hear about it . " "  We may not think we know someone who has experienced domestic violence , but this does not mean that it is not happening , " she said .	Two-minute ad shown in U.K. depicts actress being beaten by boyfriend Charity 's spot will be on television and in movie theaters Women 's Aid says two women in U.K. killed by current or ex-partner each week
In few other arenas is man 's never ending quest for the next frontier more evident than in sailing . The pioneering spirit , which first sent the human race out to sea to explore what lay beyond the horizon , still exists today as man strives to go faster , further , and in constant pursuit of the next extreme . Forever changing , constantly progressing , sailing is a sport driven by many factors . In today 's modern world , developments in technology and yacht design give sailors an ever changing arsenal of tools , as competitors drive each other to new heights of innovation . For the ground breaking sailor , the next frontier is always just out of reach . This month on CNN MainSail , Shirley Robertson takes a look at speed -- what drives one particular breed of sailor to be the fastest on the planet ? At the America 's Cup in Valencia , winners BMW Oracle Racing 's Head of Design explains how the Americans ' revolutionary wing sail gave them the edge , and Shirley takes to the skies in a glider to see the roots of this new innovation in action . In Cowes , UK , Paul Larsen and his team of engineers skulk in the shadows of the boat building shed , as the speed record enthusiast turns his latest wild idea into reality . And in Dubai at the Month World Sailing Championships , Shirley takes to the water to experience hydrofoil sailing -- this is the innovation to which the French Hydroptere team attribute their world speed record which Larsen so badly wants to take from them . Finally Shirley meets Cameron Lewis , crew member on the first boat to sail round the world in less than 80 days -- the current Jules Verne record stands at much less than that , a target which Franck Cammas and his Groupama team are currently trying to better ; Shirley talks to them via satellite phone to find out what drives them on their quest . Will this incessant pursuit of the next frontier ever fade , and what will be the next innovation to come over the horizon ? This month on CNN MainSail we try to find out .	America 's Cup winners explain how a revolutionary wing sail gave them the edge Shirley takes to the skies in a glider to see this new innovation in action Shirley speaks to Paul Larsen , the speed record fanatic with a new wild idea In Dubai , Shirley takes to the water to experience hydrofoil sailing
Anatalya , Turkey  CNN  -- Lapped by the pristine waters of the Mediterranean Sea , the Turkish coastal city of Antalya attracts millions of sun-seeking tourists each year , beguiling them with its sweeping scenery , picture-perfect beaches and blazing sunshine . It is this abundance of sunlight -- Turkey receives greater annual solar radiation energy than Spain and Germany according to estimates by the Joint Research Center of the European Commission -- that has prompted Antalya 's local authorities to push ahead with plans to harness the city 's solar potential . "  We aim to make Antalya the leader of solar power generation of Turkey and to promote it to the world as ` The Solar City , ' " says Antalya 's mayor Mustafa Akaydin . The declaration comes as the sun-soaked city , located some 700 kilometers south of Istanbul , starts rolling out its ambitious plans to use solar power to generate electricity , emulating the successful example of cities like Barcelona , Spain , which has put in place regulations requiring solar panels to be fitted to all large new buildings . In April , the city opened the "  Antalya Solar House , " an ecological research and educational center designed by architectural firm Temiz Dunya to raise awareness about the benefits of renewable energy and promote eco-tourism . The zero-emission structure , which was built with ecological materials , generates most of its energy using photovoltaic panels  22kW in total  as well as a windmill and heat pumps . ` Living ' buildings could inhale city carbon emissions These systems are supplemented with gray-water recycling -- re-use of used water from bathtubs , showers and so on . -- and passive solar heating features such as a greenhouse to collect heat during the winter months . It also has a green roof that facilitates rainwater harvesting and acts as heat insulation . "  The building is also very significant because it is Turkey 's first energy positive building , " says architect Mehmet Bengu Uluengin , the designer behind the Solar House . "  It actually produces more energy than it consumes . " The architect says the structure has fascinated the local population while helping to change perceptions that buildings can only be big energy consumers . "  The idea that having a building that not only provides its own energy but actually gives some back is a totally new phenomenon for Turkish people , " says Uluengin , who is also a professor at Istanbul 's Bahcesehir University . "  They like it , they find it very intriguing . " Local authorities expect around a thousand people to visit Solar House each month , including students , green investors and hotel owners . They say the project is just the first part of a long-term initiative to turn Antalya into a climate-friendly city -- other initiatives include a waste management facility that will convert the city 's sewage into biogas . "  Antalya has already been the pioneering city of green energy  in Turkey  , " says Akaydin . "  We are trying to make Antalya the leader of agriculture , tourism , park and garden lighting , energy generating and  solar  panel producing . " While educating the local population about achieving energy efficiency , Uluengin says the technology used in the Solar House can also help Antalya -- Turkey 's biggest coastal resort and home to several five-star hotels -- to become an ideal destination for eco-conscious tourists . "  There are several hotels which are considering green energy to attract customers , " he says . "  A hotel which can say that ... if you 're staying here your carbon footprint is zero for the duration of your stay -- this is becoming very interesting for people worldwide , " he adds . For the moment , however , sunny Antalya is still far from being branded a green resort -- local authorities estimate that eco-visitors account for just 1 % of the city 's tourism . Mayor Akaydin says that Turkey is missing a trick by failing to exploit its clean energy capabilities . "  Turkey has a very big potential in solar and wind energy . Unfortunately , the insufficient and wrong policies of the government prevent the promotion of them , " he says . Turkey 's geothermal potential Despite receiving plenty of sun , Turkey has been remarkably sluggish in developing a sound solar industry . The country still depends heavily on oil and natural gas , most of which is imported from abroad . In 2008 , oil provided 37 % of Turkey 's total final consumption of energy , natural gas and electricity 18 % each , coal 17 % , biomass and waste 7 % and other sources 3 % , according to figures by the International Energy Agency . At the same time , limited government subsidies , coupled with high costs for green energy equipment , have further impeded the market 's growth , leaving little incentives for households to go solar . Yet , Uluengin is optimistic that green initiatives like the one in Antalya can help Turkey 's green energy sector to take off in the coming years . He notes that the lack of government incentives has bolstered Turkey 's fledgling renewable energy industry by creating a solid and growing grassroots movement -- that , he says , is in contrast to the top-down approach that was implemented in other European countries , where the sector grew after governments started offering subsidies and incentives for green energy usage . "  The way we are going through it in Turkey is more painful but is also healthier because it is growing out of real demand , " says Uluengin .	Antalya has launched a long-term initiative to become a climate-friendly city Turkey 's tourist hotspot wants to use solar power to generate electricity The country has been slow in developing a sound solar industry
The fate of three U.S. citizens who have disappeared or been imprisoned in Iran was discussed during Friday 's historic conversation between the two nations ' presidents , a senior U.S. administration official said . U.S. President Barack Obama , during his phone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , "  noted our concern about three American citizens who have been held within Iran -- Robert Levinson , Saeed Abedini , and Amir Hekmati -- and noted our interest in seeing those Americans reunited with their families , " the official said . Two of the Americans have been tried and convicted in Iranian courts , and the whereabouts of another have been unknown for more than six years . Here are the most recent developments in the stories of the detained U.S. citizens : Bob LevinsonThe family of Levinson , a retired FBI agent , has been anxiously waiting for news , any news , about his fate since he vanished during a business trip to Iran in March 2007 . When Rouhani , Iran 's new president , arrived in New York , Levinson 's wife and children were watching closely for a sign that efforts to find Levinson might move forward . During an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Rouhani offered little when asked what he can tell Levinson 's family . "  We do n't know where he is , who he is , " Rouhani said . "  He is an American who has disappeared . We have no news of him . " Yet , like former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Rouhani spoke of cooperation . "  We are willing to help , and all the intelligence services in the region can come together to gather information about him to find his whereabouts , " Rouhani told Amanpour . "  And we 're willing to cooperate on that . " The State Department has said Levinson is believed to be held in southwest Asia . "  We have every reason to believe that he 's alive and that the Iranians control his fate , " a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN , a departure from last year when the same source described Levinson as "  alive and well . " Questions about his health also remain unanswered . Levinson suffers from diabetes . Levinson 's family said Rouhani 's comments , while not directly acknowledging information about Levinson , "  are consistent with the commitments made in the past , and -LSB- they hope -RSB- those promises turn into results . " Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the State Department said Rouhani 's comments about cooperation were welcome . "  We look forward to hearing more specifics on how Iran can help in reuniting Mr. Levinson with his family in the United States as soon as possible . " Both the State Department and Levinson 's family deny he was working for the government when he disappeared . The family says Levinson was there on private business investigating cigarette smuggling . In January , the family released so-called "  proof of life photos " they received a few years ago . The photos show him with long , unkempt hair and wearing an orange shirt . He is holding signs written in poor English , including one that reads . " Why you can not help me ? " An FBI task force meets regularly to assess Levinson 's case . "  The FBI remains committed to doing all we can to bring Bob Levinson home safely to his family , " a statement reads . This summer , the FBI began publishing ads in Farsi publications in Los Angeles and Washington , which have large Iranian-American populations , requesting any information about Levinson , to raise awareness , and advertising a $ 1 million reward announced by former FBI Director Robert Mueller in 2012 . In November , Levinson will become one of the longest-held Americans in history passing the 2,454 days Terry Anderson spent in captivity before being freed by Islamic militants in Lebanon in 1991 . Saeed Abedini In a news release Friday from the American Center for Law and Justice  ACLJ  , Abedini 's wife , Naghmeh , was quoted as saying she was "  very grateful to President Obama for standing up for Saeed and for the other Americans who are held captive in Iran . " "  I urge President Rouhani , as I have done throughout this week , to release Saeed so he can return to our home and our family in the United States . " The ACLJ is a conservative Christian law firm and advocacy group founded by television evangelist Pat Robertson . It has campaigned widely for Abedini 's release . Abedini , a Christian pastor , was sentenced to eight years in prison earlier this year , accused of attempting to undermine the Iranian government . At the time he was convicted , his wife said Abedini had been arrested by Iranian authorities nearly 10 times before , and had agreed during one detention to stop supporting Christian home churches , and had subsequently taken nine trips to the Islamic republic before he was arrested again in July 2012 . Amir Hekmati Hekmati , a 29-year-old former U.S. Marine , has been jailed in Iran since 2011 and accused of being a CIA spy . Earlier this month , he said in a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that a confession he made nearly two years ago came under duress . Born in Arizona and raised in Nebraska before settling with his family in Flint , Michigan , Hekmati joined the Marines in 2001 out of high school . He finished his service four years later as a decorated combat veteran with tours in Iraq . Afterward , he translated Arabic as a contractor and helped train troops in cultural sensitivity . Hekmati 's family said he had gone to Iran to visit his grandmother but was arrested in August 2011 , accused by Iran 's Intelligence Ministry of working as a CIA agent . In December 2011 , Hekmati appeared on Iranian state television maintaining that he had been sent to Iran by the CIA , but in his letter to Kerry , published on September 11 in the Guardian , he said he had been held "  on false charges based solely on confessions obtained by force , threats , miserable prison conditions , and prolonged periods of solitary confinement . " "  This is part of a propaganda and hostage taking effort by Iranian intelligence to secure the release of Iranians abroad being held on security-related charges , " Hekmati 's letter stated . The Guardian reported that the letter had been smuggled out of jail . Hekmati 's family vouched for the letter 's authenticity to CNN .	Presidents Obama and Rouhani discussed three Americans , administration official says Obama "  noted our interest in seeing those Americans reunited with their families , " official says Saeed Abedini and Amir Hekmati are serving prison terms Bob Levinson 's whereabouts have not been known since he vanished in Iran in March 2007
CNN  -- The iPod classic , a venerable stalwart in the world of consumer technology , may be getting the axe along with its cousin , the iPod shuffle , according to a blog that focuses on Apple news . Citing an unnamed source , The Unofficial Apple Weblog is reporting that , in addition to unveiling the iPhone 5 next week , Apple plans to discontinue the more dated versions of its music player in favor of sleeker models like the iPod Nano and iPod Touch . The blog notes that Apple teased a "  product transition " during its most recent earnings report . Saying only that the source is not an analyst , TUAW says the rumor makes sense . "  The classic is a holdover from 10 years of iPod existence , bearing many similarities to the original iPod , " wrote blog editor Victor Agreda , Jr. "  The shuffle is basically the same form factor as the nano , minus a screen . " He writes that the blog had been "  sitting on a tip " about the discontinuation and only wrote about it after speculation popped up on other sites . A groundbreaking device in personal tech , credited with reinvigorating Apple a decade ago , the iPod line now accounts for just about 7 percent of Apple 's overall revenues . The iPhone and iPad , which offer music and video streaming along with lots of other features , have in some way trumped the iPod 's usefulness . Last year , Apple made what then-CEO Steve Jobs called "  the biggest change in the iPod lineup ever . " But amid big changes to the Touch , Nano and Shuffle , there was no mention at all of the classic iPod , leading many to speculate that the end may be near .	Report : Apple will discontinue iPod classic and shuffle The Unofficial Apple Weblog says a source confirmed the plan Last year , every iPod got a big update except for the classic model
EW.com  -- Fox 's "  New Girl " returned on Tuesday , with Jessica Day  Zooey Deschanel  and Nick Miller  Jake Johnson  continuing to address the fallout of the Kiss Heard ` Round the Loft  and the Internet universe  . Since all eyes have been on Johnson 's character and his panic moonwalk lately , we caught up with the man himself to find out a little more about his musical tastes .  Hint : His co-star 's band made the list . Read on to see what 's on Jake Johnson 's iPod : Bob Dylan , "  World Gone Wrong " "  I 'm going nuts for this these days . I got into Dylan when I was 15 at random , and every few months , I 'll put a different Dylan on . And Dylan 's the only musician for me that kind of sets a tone for how the world should be . You just get caught up in his view of Earth , and he 's the only guy where I 'm like , ' I think he 's right . That weirdo 's got it figured out . ' I 'm coming off of ` Blood on the Tracks ' which is so great , but this is one of those albums I 've never heard of . And I could n't believe it . But ` World Gone Wrong ' is early '90s , so I thought it was going to be terrible , but it is great Dylan . Because , you know , every once in a while Dylan would have an album where you 're just like , pass . I 'm not going down that road with you in the '80s , Bob . I 'm not doing it ! But this is awesome . It 's becoming one of my all-time favorites . " ` Downton Abbey ' casts actor ? ` Not true ' Mumford and Sons , "  After the Storm " "  Olivia Wilde introduced it to me when we were shooting Drinking Buddies , which took place in a beer brewery , and we had to drink so much beer . And you know -- as Nick Miller , I ca n't get too fat . I can get chubby , but no one 's going to believe the Nick-Jess stuff if Nick weights 240 pounds . So I needed to exercise more , and when she put this album -LSB- ` Sigh No More ' -RSB- on , I just took to it right away . And it actually helped me jog -- I would put that album to get fired up when I go running . Mumford and Sons : Will help fat boys get a little less chubby ! In fact , my wife and I are actually about to go run up a mountain to it later today . " -LSB- Johnson spoke to EW from Hawaii , where he and his wife were on vacation . -RSB- She & Him , "  Change Is Hard " "  I think this song 's one of the all-time greats . To be honest , when we first started doing the show , I did n't know Zooey 's band at all . But I like knowing my cast members , so I started listening to it to get a feeling for who she was . And man , she 's got an incredible voice . Now that I know who she is , and it 's a year and some change later , that song 's the one that still kind of makes -LSB- it -RSB- in the rotation it on a weekly basis . " JC Brooks and the Uptown Sound , "  Awake " "  I know the lead guitarist , Bill Bungeroth . He 's the director of Second City in Chicago . And actually , for my character on ` New Girl , ' if you look at the posters , one of them is for this band . But JC Brooks , I got into them when I was in Chicago , and I got to see them live . It 's such an unbelievable live show . It 's one of those bands that 's always on the road . They 're kind of doing it old-school . They 're not one of those Internet , free download bands . I 'll text them asking where they are sometimes , and they 'll be like , ' A small town in Maryland rocking out to 3 people ! ' And I 'm like , you guys are doing what , when I was growing up , I thought that bands did . And they 're a band that I never miss when they play in town . ` Awake ' is from their original album -- it 's a little political . It 's got a bite to it . " ` X-Men ' : Bryan Singer tweets new photo Pass Kontrol , "  Twins " "  They 're a little group I saw when I was in Brooklyn a few years ago . They 're just super weirdo , experimental , lots of fun , kind of newish sound . This song 's from their first album , and it 's just kind of awesome . I knew one of the members from years ago . We 'd lost touch , and when I was in Brooklyn , and I got word from another friend that this band was performing at this place in Bushwick called the Bushwick Starr . And they put on the craziest show -- in front of a packed house , too ! " Bob Seger , "  We 've Got Tonight " "  Bob Seger 's the best . If this song does n't do it for you , then you and I are from different planets . If this does n't get you ready for life , love , and happiness -- then I do n't know who you are , Jack . Seger to me is another guy I have a poster of on Nick Miller 's wall . Seger and Croce . Seger : very underrated . The Croce : very underrated as well , but I could n't do both . I ca n't be that guy who picks both Seger and Croce . But those were the songs of my childhood , the sounds of driving in my mom 's car , sitting in the back . Best childhood ever , man . Seger 's just one of those great American rock guys that I just feel is underrated . For some reason , everyone 's always talking about how Seger 's not cool . Those people , I ask them to get the junk out of their ears and listen , because Seger 's cool . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  New Girl " returned on Tuesday with Jessica Day and Nick Miller addressing their kiss Actor Jake Johnson plays Nick Miller on the Fox comedy Johnson : "  Dylan 's the only musician for me that kind of sets a tone for how the world should be "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An eco-friendly French boat is hoping to successfully cross the perilous Arctic sea passage that links the Atlantic Ocean with the Pacific . The old tug-boat , Le Manguier , has been converted into an eco-friendly vessel with three sails and solar panels . "  Le Manguier " is attempting to navigate the icy , unpredictable Northern Sea Route , a 6,000 mile passage that skims the northern coast of Siberia . It is a trip that only a handful of leisure boats in history have successfully completed . Not only that , the modified tug boat is also attempting to do it ecologically . The boat 's crew is relying partly on wind-power to complete the route , parts of which are only free of ice for two short months during the Arctic summer . Three sails have been added to the tug boat , which normally runs on gas-guzzling motors . " ` Le Manguier ' was the opposite of the ecological vessel , " Philippe Hercher , captain and part-owner of the boat told CNN . "  What we wanted to do was create a symbol and show that even this type of boat can diversify its energy sources -- even in the most extreme conditions . " Conditions on the route are treacherous : Vessels that enter its waters at the wrong time can get trapped in thick ice for months in temperatures that go as low as -50 C. Ironically for the eco-expedition , it is receding ice levels , thought to be caused by global warming , that has crossing the passage a possibility once again in the last few years . The voyage , which is projected to take about six months , started in the South of France in April and , if they make it through the route successfully , will end in Japan . The crew 's other ecological concessions include relying on solar panels for electricity and warm water , using only long-lasting LED light bulbs and eating only organic products during their journey . On-board are seven adults and two children , including a painter , two writers , a scientist and a historian . Currently , the team 's primary concern is not the fear of being trapped in ice and being forced to "  hibernate " in Siberia 's frigid temperatures , but getting the required paperwork in time before the approaching colder months , which cause ice to harden in the passage . "  Le Manguier " is in Tromso , Norway waiting for the green light from the Russian government , which rarely allows non-Russian vessels to enter the passage . Russian reluctance may stem from the time of the Russian revolution in 1917 , after which the Soviet Union was isolated from the West . The Northern Sea Route , which is the shortest passage between the West and the Far East , was also the only water the Russians could navigate without possible foreign interference . Luckily , the crew have help from veteran sailors in their race against the clock : Scientist Eric Brossier and sailor and France Pinczon Du Del who successfully sailed the Northern Sea Route during the first ever circumnavigation of the glacial Arctic Ocean in 2002 . In the meantime , "  Le Mangier " is gaining increasing popularity with every port-of-call . The group is publicizing the cause ; inviting school children , academics and other tug boat sailors for workshops and tours of the boat . "  The most difficult challenge seems to be convincing hardened tug boat captains to partially switch to wind power , " said Judith Puzzuoli , who is in charge of communication and press for "  Le Manguier . " "  But change does n't happen in a day . " Like Puzzuoli , each member of the team is responsible for delivering the message in a different way . Two books , written in the style of travel journals are in the works and a documentary is currently being filmed . Even the children have an important role -- reminding the adults why their mission is important . "  I get the feeling that the two girls are really discovering life on this boat . They are learning to live simply , but beautifully . "	An eco-friendly French boat is attempting to cross the Northern Sea Route Six-month voyage hoping to travel Arctic waters above Siberia to get to Japan Boats can be trapped in ice for months in temperatures that go as low as -50 C The tug boat has been modified with three sails and solar panels
CNN  -- The rainy season is a good time to go to Costa Rica . It 's a lot cheaper and there are far fewer tourists . My visit was from July 22 to 31 . Even if there is a lot of rain , chances are that it will come down during your afternoon nap and clear up just in time for cocktail hour at 5:30 p.m. Getting in and around Costa Rica The trip began with my flight into the San Jose area , which is where my Costa Rican host and friend , Jose , lives . Another friend visiting from the States picked me up and immediately , on the short trip from the airport to their home , we were confronted by the strange , small , bad roads and terrible driving that would be a theme for the entire trip . Jose made us wonderful ceviche -- also a theme -- when we arrived , and we chatted about how Congress or President Obama would solve the debt deadline . The next morning we set off . We rented a car for the week , a Toyota Yaris , which we immediately noted had pretty bad brakes and a clutch that seemed to have little life left in it . We headed out of the city to Arenal Volcano , one of the country 's most popular tourist attractions for its activity and nearby hot springs . We stopped at La Cascada for lunch in the tourist town La Fortuna , which is at the base of the road around Arenal . Then we continued around Arenal . The volcano , as it often is , was obscured by clouds . Usually at night one can see the glowing lava , which sounded pretty cool . We thought of stopping for the evening in one of the resorts lining the base of the volcano , some of which are luxurious , but we decided to push on to the west coast . We stopped briefly at the seemingly out of place German/Swiss chalet Los Heroes , which is a hotel and fondue restaurant , but our timing was off for either lunch or dinner . Experiencing the coast We explored Coco Beach quickly but found it to be a little too noisy and busy . So we went one beach up to Hermosa and quickly found the Villa Acacia , which had clean , spacious villas , beautiful grounds and a nice small round pool . It seemed to be frequented mostly by Costa Rican families . Hermosa Beach lived up to its namesake  beautiful  the next morning . The water was calm , warm and clean . This was some of the best swimming we had the entire visit . Just swimming casually we saw a skate shark and a puffer fish . Couple escapes it all for ` paradise ' in Costa Rica The next day we spent driving a considerable distance to Playa Carmen , on the southern tip of the Nicoya Peninsula . This drive was not for the faint of heart and had it been rainy , it could have been a dangerous , life-threatening drive . There were times when the going was steep and rocky . There were times when the driver was screaming in terror . The wear and tear on the car 's brakes and clutch were starting to make a lot of sense . Even traveling fairly short distances in Costa Rica should be considered carefully , because sometimes -- and by sometimes , I mean often or always -- there is a bridge out , necessitating a long , slow reroute . Sometimes potholes are so omnipresent that you have to travel at 10 mph for hours , even in a rental car . Unless you know the condition of a road , you can assume that you can make about 20 miles in an hour . But the difficulty is worth it . Playa Carmen was beautiful and full of young , fun people from all over the world . There 's excellent surfing there . We saw the most amazing sunset from Carmen , one of those where the sun dips into the water at an alarming speed . From Carmen we spent the next day traveling to Playa Samara , where we spent four nights in the wonderful and small Fenix Hotel , which had its own spot right on the beach . Innkeeper Bill was friendly without being intrusive or obsequious . He keeps a lame squirrel as a pet , so you know his heart is in the right place . The six-unit hotel has a small pool , beach furniture and clean , comfortable suites with kitchens -- including high-quality Osterizer blenders . They know what they 're doing there . Also , a highlight was the rare Mercedes Unimog that Bill has parked out front . We were very excited to see that and on the last day , Bill let us play with it . Zip lines and hatching turtles Another highlight was the amazing Wingnuts Canopy Tour , which I would highly recommend . We swept between peaks on zip lines to see views of the ocean . We heard a variety of birds and saw a blue-crowned motmot , one of the most amazing birds I 've ever seen . Our guides , brothers Manu and Yasha , were warm , smart people who loved nature . They also set us up with a guide to the nearby nature refuge at Rio Ora , where we went the next night to see green sea turtles lay eggs on the beach . These 4 - to 5-foot-long turtles lay between 100 and 150 eggs in the sand before lumbering back into the sea . Conservationists guard the eggs from poachers , who are pretty aggressive and sometimes dangerous . The experience was another highlight . We returned to Alajuela to spend two nights at my friend 's family 's house . No trip could be complete without a trip up to Poas to see coffee plantations , beautiful views , and the slumbering but active volcano and gorgeous Botos Lake . Lunch on the mountain is recommended at Chubascos Restaurant , where we had the most amazing strawberry drink -- fresas en leche  strawberry in milk  . The local strawberries are wonderful in Poas , better than any I 've ever tasted . ` La Pura Vida ' Then it was back to the airport and a five-hour flight back to New York . I loved the Costa Rican refrain "  La Pura Vida , " which means "  Pure Life . " It 's sometimes used sarcastically , like when yelled at a passing motorbike . But its honest meaning is taken to heart in Costa Rica . The land is pure , the people are healthy . Wildlife is revered and respected . They watch "  Animal Planet " in all the bars and restaurants . The people have good health care and the best free education system in Latin America . They seem happy , what can I say ?	Driving through Costa Rica not for faint of heart , but the peril is well worth it Steep , rocky roads lead to breathtaking sites like Arenal Volcano , Nicoya Peninsula Beaches offer calm , clear water where you might find yourself swimming with sharks Have you been to Costa Rica ? Share your story with CNN iReport .
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign released its June fundraising numbers Monday , reporting that it raised $ 71 million to Republican opponent Mitt Romney 's approximately $ 100 million . The campaign responded with thanks to the more than 706,000 donors who got the campaign to that point but also appealed for more money . "  We still got beat -- and not by a little bit , " Ann Marie Habershaw , chief operating officer for Obama for America , said in the e-mail . "  If we lose this election , it will be because we did n't close the gap enough when we had the chance . " To be sure , neither campaign is raking in chump change . As we did with Romney 's contributions , here 's what the president could get for his $ 71 million . 2,071 students could attend the Sidwell Friends School for a year . Daughters Sasha and Malia attend the exclusive private school in Northwest D.C.  you could also afford hot lunches  . At $ 34,268 annually , the school 's tuition ranks higher than the average private university tuition in the United States and more than double what it costs to go to a public university . 32,272 Portuguese water dogs . At approximately $ 2,200 per pet , Bo , the first dog , could take on 32,272 purebred , hypoallergenic friends . 479,729 J. Crew Pembridge Dot pencil skirts . First lady Michelle Obama wore one at 10 Downing Street to meet British Prime Minister David Cameron and his wife , Samantha , and on "  The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno . The double-worn mint green skirt runs $ 148 at the American clothing chain . 8 million pounds of arugula . While in Iowa in 2008 , Obama was criticized for being out of touch after he asked a group of farmers whether they had checked out the price of arugula at Whole Foods . The boutique grocery store did n't open its first Iowa store until spring of this year , and several people present at his speech admitted they did n't know what arugula was . The current price is about $ 9 per pound . 3 Martha 's Vineyard estates . The Obamas wo n't be going on vacation to Blue Heron Farm , otherwise referred to as the "  Summer White House " off Cape Cod , and not just because of the demanding campaign schedule . The compound , which includes two full-sized homes , a par-3 golf hole and equestrian facilities , was listed in August for $ 23.7 million . 18,525 orders of Ben 's Chili Bowl 's chili half-smokes and cheese fries for the next year . At $ 10.50 per order , the Obama favorite could be a feast for a lot of your closest friends for the next 365 days . 65,558,632 Yuengling Lagers . At $ 6.49 per six-pack , the cost of one of Obama 's favorite beers is approximately $ 1.08 . Triple the cost at a bar , and you could still enjoy the company of 22 million other people -- 7 % of the U.S. population -- sipping on the Pennsylvania brewery 's finest 417,671 Spalding official NBA game balls . $ 71 million buys almost a half-million of the $ 169.99 basketballs . That means with 10 people to a court at a time , more than 4 million people could play one of Obama 's -- and Americans ' -- favorite sports simultaneously . Take 7,099 couples on a Hawaiian vacation . The first couple could spring for the $ 10,000 to bring that many couples with them on a five-day holiday to the president 's home state .	Obama raised almost $ 30 million less than Romney in June With $ 71 million , Obama could buy more than 32,000 more first dogs The president could supply 18,525 people with Ben 's Chili Bowl for a year $ 71 million buys 400,000 basketballs , allowing 4 million people to play simultaneously
CNN  -- Kirsten Flipkens is just one game away from a Wimbledon final -- a year ago , she was just happy to be alive . It is a fairytale story at a tournament which has brought up more surprises than anybody ever thought possible -- but Flipkens ' tale is something special . In April 2012 , following a long haul flight to Thailand , the tennis star was forced to visit an emergency doctor after complaining of searing pains in her legs . It was there that doctors discovered she had four blood clots in her legs -- had she ignored the pains , then she was told that her life would have almost certainly been in danger . She had been poised to travel to Japan for a Fed Cup game , a journey which doctors told her would have left her body ` blue ' and left her on the edge . "  I 'm lucky to be alive , " she said in January . Now , she 's ready to make the most of her second chance . The 2003 junior champion is one of four women remaining with the name of a new winner guaranteed to be etched onto the famous trophy . For Flipkens , a hard-fought victory over 2011 champion Petra Kvitova secured a first ever grand slam semifinal -- and the prospect of a place in Wimbledon history . "  It 's amazing , " she told the BBC . "  It 's more than a dream coming true , semifinals of a Grand Slam , ridiculous . "  Last year I did n't get into qualifying of Wimbledon . "  I was so calm on court , I went for my shots . Petra was playing really well in that first set . I just had to go for it from the second set on . " It is a marked contrast in emotion to that which Flipkens experienced after being forced to take a break from the game in a bid to overcome the blood clots in her legs . Her ranking slumped from 182 to 262 -- a drop which led to the Belgian Tennis Federation withdrawing its funding . But under the guidance of former World No. 1 and four time grand slam winner Kim Clijsters , Flipkens fought back . She won her first title in Quebec City in September and rose to 43rd in the world after reaching the fourth round at the Australian Open in January . She reached the top 20 in March and believes the influence of Clijsters has played a major role in her revival . Flipkens added : "  Kim was one of people last year still believing in me . "  I have to thank her . The people believing in my I could count on one hand . " But Flipkens will face a tough task to reach the final Thursday when she goes up against 15th seed Bartoli , who battled to a 6-4 7-5 win over U.S. star Sloane Stephens . Bartoli , who finished runner-up in 2007 , edged a low quality affair where there eight breaks of serve in the opening nine games of the second set . Bartoli also courted controversy when she urged the umpire to abandon play when light rain began to fall with the score at 5-4 and 40-40 in her favor in the opening set . The crowd voiced its frustration , jeering the French lady before the players returned to action two and a half hours later . Wimbledon : Fast Facts Bartoli quickly wrapped up the set and then moved into a 2-0 lead before Stephens broke back . But the 20-year-old American consistently struggled with her serve and was broken again in the 12th game . Earlier , Sabine Lisicki followed up her shock win over title favorite Serena Williams to become the first woman to march into the the last four . There was no need for a repeat of the German 's giant-slaying slog on grass as Lisicki rattled out a straightforward 6-3 6-3 victory over Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi . The 23-year-old -- coincidentally also the 23rd seed for the grass-court tournament -- was in tears after beating Williams but said she had to pull herself together for her quarterfinal . "  It was an amazing match yesterday , but I had to make sure that I had calmed down and was ready for today , " explained Lisicki . "  I have had experience of other years to help me . " Lisicki also spoke about having to "  learn how to walk again " after a serious ankle injury in 2010 left her with no muscle strength in her left calf . "  To come back on the court to compete and then to go even further than I did before the injury gives you a lot of strength , " she added . "  It 's a different feeling when I 'm out there now . To have your hobby as a job is something that not a lot of people can say they have . I love the game so much . " Lisicki has never gone past the fourth round at any grand slam outside of Wimbledon but she has an impressive record at The All England Club , having reached the quarter-finals three times and the last four in 2011 . The German faces Agnieszka Radwanska in the semifinals after the Polish world number four came through a grueling match against China 's Li Na . Their sizzling match-up on Centre Court was delayed twice by rain before the tournament organizers decided to close the court 's multi-million dollar roof . When the roof had slotted into place and the action finally resumed , Radwanska wasted no time building on her 2-0 lead over Li in the deciding third set . But the Pole , who played with a heavily-strapped right thigh and then took an injury timeout to receive treatment on her other thigh , had to see off a final rally by the Chinese sixth seed . The 2012 Wimbledon runner-up needed eight match points , in a game that lasted just seconds shy of the 10-minute mark , to defeat Li 7-6  7-5  4-6 6-2 and set up her meeting with Lisicki . "  She was playing unbelievable tennis , " said Radwanska . "  I 'm just very happy to go through even though I was struggling in the third set . "  Too much tennis , that was I was struggling with that . I 'm just going to keep going and try my best . " Looking forward to her semifinal against Lisicki , Radwanska said : "  We have known each other since our junior days -- it 'll be a great challenge playing each other on the grass . "	Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens defeated 2011 winner Petra Kvitova Marion Bartoli beat Sloane Stephens to set up Flipkens clash Agnieszka Radwanska will play Sabine Lisicki in other semifinal Radwanska defeated Li Na while Lisicki saw off Kaia Kanepi
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal may have lost his coveted Monaco crown on Sunday but that defeat was soon forgotten as the Spaniard set about another title defense in Barcelona . The 26-year-old "  King of Clay " began his hunt for an eighth Barcelona Open title with a swift victory over Carlos Berlocq . Nadal broke the world No. 63 four times on his way to a straightforward 6-4 6-2 win to cruise into the third round , extending his record to 2-0 against the Argentine -- who he also beat in the second tournament of his comeback from knee injury in Brasil two months ago . The red clay of Barcelona is another happy hunting ground for Nadal . He has won 35 straight matches at the event ; his last defeat was handed out by fellow Spaniard Alex Corretja 10 years ago . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic ended Nadal 's long unbeaten run at his favorite event in Monte Carlo when he beat him in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters -- a tournament he had won eight years in a row . Despite his dominance in Barcelona , the world No. 5 was not given top status at the event , instead compatriot David Ferrer was named as the No. 1 seed . But his top billing proved to be a curse as the world No. 4 crashed out 7-5 3-6 6-1 in the second round to Russian Dmitry Tursunov . "  I did not feel well on the court today , " Ferrer , who is a four-time runner-up in Barcelona , told reporters . "  It was the worst match that I 've played in the last couple of years . "  I lost the third set too fast . He was better and more aggressive . I just did not feel good . " Ferrer was playing for the first time since injuring his thigh in the final of the Miami Masters , which he lost to British world No. 3 Andy Murray . The Barcelona Open presents another opportunity for Nadal , and his fellow clay-court specialists , to tune-up for the French Open which begins on May 26 . Nadal , who has a 271-21 record on clay , is aiming to extend his record number of titles at Roland Garros , the second grand slam of the year , to eight in 2013 . "  It was not very comfortable and it affected my game , " Nadal told reporters ahead of his third-round tie with Frenchman Benoit Paire . "  I do n't want to talk about being a title favorite , I 'm just very happy to be playing well and into the third round . I 'm not looking ahead . "	Rafael Nadal continues his Barcelona Open winning streak in first match The world No. 5 defeats 63rd-ranked Argentine Carlos Berlocq Spanish top seed David Ferrer suffers shock defeat to Russian Dmitry Tursunov Barcelona presents another chance to warm up for the French Open in May
CNN  -- In June , Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , the man behind the proposed ground zero mosque , was asked on live radio if he believed Hamas is a terrorist organization . This is n't a difficult question : Hamas employs suicide bombers and fires incendiary rockets at civilian targets within Israel . It calls for the destruction of the Jewish state followed by the establishment of a potentially fundamentalist and repressive regime . Governments all over the world , including the United States and the European Union , rightfully consider Hamas to be a terrorist organization that willfully and indiscriminately targets innocent civilians . Yet Imam Rauf , after being asked this simple , straightforward question , refused to state whether or not he believed Hamas to be a terrorist organization . He said : "  I will not allow anybody to put me in a position where I am seen by any party in the world as an adversary or as an enemy . " Now Imam Rauf wants to build and lead a $ 100 million , 13-story community center and mosque . It would be constructed on property currently occupied by a historic 150-year-old building that was seriously damaged by the landing gear of one of the hijacked jetliners that flew into the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , and he wants to unveil it on September 11 , 2011 . I oppose the center and mosque 's construction because I believe there should be an investigation into the sources of its funding . The main group behind its construction , The Cordoba Initiative , which is headed by the Imam , is a registered charity in New York state . It is the responsibility of New York 's Attorney General Andrew Cuomo to ensure the mosque 's funding is coming from reputable sources . The radio show comments were not the first time Imam Rauf has said troubling things or been associated with troubling activities . On CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " less than a month after the attacks , he said American policies were an "  accessory " to the crime of 9/11 . "  In fact , " he added , "  in the most direct sense , Osama bin Laden is made in the USA . " Imam Rauf is also listed on the website of the Perdana Global Peace Organization as a "  role player and contributor . " This group was a financial backer of the Gaza flotilla , which attempted in May to break the Israeli 's blockade of Gaza . The Cordoba Initiative has reported less than $ 20,000 in assets . Where the $ 100 million for his project would come from is anybody 's guess . Furthermore , it 's fair to ask why , exactly , Imam Rauf has insisted on building the mosque so close to ground zero , and why he wants to unveil it on the 10th anniversary of the attacks . This not an issue of religious freedom , but rather , a question of safety and security . New Yorkers deserve to be safe and to feel safe , and we have a right to know who 's footing the bill for Imam Rauf 's project . Are foreign governments or other organizations involved ? And why is there such secrecy about the source of the money ? The Cordoba Initiative is legally required to file disclosure reports with the office of the attorney general , and it could easily be asked under state law to open its books for the office if Cuomo would simply make that request . We need to know who is paying for the center and mosque . We need to know what their motives are , and we need to know if the Imam is promising any potential benefactors anything in return for their support . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Lazio .	Rick Lazio says the Imam behind the planned Islamic Center refused to call Hamas terrorist Lazio : Other associations also make him wary of center 's funding sources He says New Yorkers have a right to know where money is coming from to feel safe Lazio : The state attorney general should request Cordoba Initiative open its books
CNN  -- A "  significant " amount of oil is leaking from a container ship that ran aground on a reef off the pristine coast of New Zealand 's North Island , officials said Tuesday . New Zealand 's oil spill response agency , Maritime New Zealand  MNZ  , said in a statement that the ship has sustained "  some damage from current movement and there is a significant amount of oil leaking from the vessel . " MNZ estimates that 130-350 tonnes of oil have leaked from the vessel , which was carrying 1,700 cubic meters  450,000 gallons  of fuel . The agency said that the vessel was still intact , but was being moved around by strong seas . Clumps of oil from the leaking ship have been found on Mount Maunganui beach in the Bay of Plenty . MNZ is advising people to avoid the beach for health reasons . Oil began leaking from the Rena , a Liberian-flagged vessel , after it struck the Astrolabe Reef , about 12 nautical miles off the coast of Tauranga , on the North Island , on Wednesday , creating a five-km  three-mile  slick . Efforts to recover oil from the grounded ship , now heading south down the coast , are being hampered by high winds and strong swells . Approximately 10 tonnes of fuel oil was transferred to tanks on board a barge before the recovery operation was suspended on Monday . MNZ said dispersants are being tested on the oil that has leaked . However , there are sea swells of up to four meters , which can make it difficult for the dispersant to work . Worsening weather prompted the ship 's crew to be evacuated as a precautionary measure after a mayday call was made on Tuesday . Naval architects and salvage experts on board the Rena are monitoring the vessel and have placed sensors to provide advance warning should the ship 's structure come under too much stress . MNZ has established a one-kilometer maritime exclusion zone around the ship due to the health risk posed by the oil spill . National On-Scene Commander Rob Service said the operation to remove the oil from the ship , led by Svitzer Salvage , would be complex . "  There is no way of doing this quickly , " he said . A rescue center has been set up in the city of Tauranga to clean oil from animals affected by the spill and MNZ has 12 teams working to assist oiled wildlife . Nine birds have been recovered -- seven little blue penguins and two shags , the agency said . About 300 defense force personnel are on standby for a shore cleanup if needed , the agency said . Officials fear the stricken ship may spill additional oil as its condition deteriorates . "  I think we 'd expect that at some point to have further problems and potentially even break up , " Transport Minister Steven Joyce told broadcaster TVNZ . Greenpeace expressed "  extreme concern " about the spill and urged the government to avoid using further toxic dispersants . "  This is an unfortunate illustration of just how difficult it is to deal with oil spills at sea , " the organization 's Steve Abel said . "  Even a slow , and relatively accessible oil spill like this one has clearly stretched New Zealand 's response capability to its limits . "  It is also a potential disaster for the blue whales and dolphins presently calving in the area , as well as numerous other marine species . " New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said two inquiries had been launched into the incident to discover how the ship hit the reef . "  This is a very large ship , that in calm waters has hit an extremely well documented reef , " he told Television New Zealand . "  Some serious questions need to be answered about why that happened and who is responsible , " he said . CNN 's Karen Smith and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Officials estimate 130-350 tonnes of oil have leaked from vessel High winds , strong swells force halt to fuel oil recovery from ship Clumps of oil have washed ashore ; Rescue teams working to assist wildlife The Rena ran aground on reef off New Zealand 's North Island
CNN  -- Romanian Interior Minister Vasile Blaga resigned Monday , three days after thousands of policemen rallied outside the presidential palace protesting a 25 percent pay cut . Blaga called his decision to leave a "  resignation of honor , " adding he can not accept that the whole ministry is to be blamed for the actions of some protesters , which he called mistakes . The Interior Ministry oversees the police force . The protests prompted President Traian Basescu to call for an inquiry into discipline problems at the ministry . But Blaga said Monday the actions of 6,000 policemen can not impugn the 150,000 employees who make up the ministry . "  I do n't think one 's gesture should be extended to all the ministry 's employees , " he said . About 6,000 Romanian policemen protested in front of the palace in Bucharest on Friday , many throwing their caps into the yard . They were unhappy with recent austerity measures that trimmed 25 percent off their paychecks . The officers also demanded that the president and his ministers resign . On Friday , Basescu dropped the police service from his protection detail , saying the protests "  undermined state 's authority and the law has been broken with the uniforms themselves . " The next day , the prime minister also dropped police officers from his detail .	Blaga calls decision to quit a "  resignation of honor " Police officers are upset at a 25 percent pay cut
CNN  -- The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize will be announced Friday morning in Oslo , Norway . A record number of nominations -- 241 -- were received by the Nobel committee this year . Of those , 53 are organizations , including WikiLeaks -- the website founded by Julian Assange that facilitates the publication of classified information . It made headlines for leaking documents and videos related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and also released thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables . Among the individuals thought to be strong contenders are several involved in fomenting peaceful uprisings in the Arab world . They include Wael Ghonim , the former Google executive who used social media to jump-start social change in Egypt , Tunisian blogger Lina Ben Mhenni , who criticized the regime long before the uprisings began , dispersing information to the outside world , and Israa Abdel Fattah , who helped organize Egypt 's online April 6 Youth Movement in 2008 and played a role again in 2011 . Other favorites are Sima Samar , head of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission and a trailblazer for women 's rights in Afghanistan , German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , Cuban dissident Oswaldo Payas Sardinas and Ghazi bin Muhammad , a Jordanian advocate of interfaith dialogue . Another organization which could be in with a shot is Memorial , a Russian civil rights group known for its fight for to protect refugees and victims of political persecution and human rights violations in war zones . Apart from the winner , the names of the nominees can not be revealed by the Nobel committee for another 50 years . Last year , Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo won the prize but could not attend the award ceremony . The political activist and longtime critic of communist rule in China is serving an 11-year prison term for what the Chinese government calls "  inciting subversion of state power . " U.S. President Barack Obama won for what the committee called "  his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples " in 2009 . Nobel prizes in literature , chemistry , physics and physiology or medicine were awarded earlier this week . Swedish poet Tomas Transtromer won the Nobel Prize in literature on Thursday . The Swedish academy said it gave the award to Transtromer "  because , through his condensed , translucent images , he gives us fresh access to reality . " On Wednesday , the prize in chemistry was awarded to Israeli scientist Daniel Shechtman . Shechtman is a professor at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and is known for his discovery of quasicrystals . On Tuesday , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences named Saul Perlmutter from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California , Berkeley ; Brian P. Schmidt of Australian National University and Adam G. Riess of Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in physics . They made the discovery that our universe apparently is expanding at an accelerating rate some 14 billion years after the Big Bang . The Nobel committee on Monday named Ralph Steinman , a biologist with Rockefeller University , and scientists Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann , the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine . The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded 91 times since 1901 . The youngest Nobel Peace Prize laureate is Mairead Corrigan , who was 32 years old when she was awarded the Peace Prize in 1976 . The oldest winner is Joseph Rotblat , who was age 87 when he was awarded the Prize in 1995 . The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded by a committee of five people chosen by Norway 's parliament and is named for Alfred Nobel , a Swedish scientist and inventor of dynamite . Nominations come from lawmakers around the world , university professors , previous Nobel laureates and members of the Nobel committee .	A record 241 candidates are nominated for this year 's Nobel Peace Prize The award is named for Alfred Nobel , a Swedish scientist and inventor of dynamite The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded 91 times since 1901 The winner will be announced Friday morning in Oslo , Norway
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- For 21 years , Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness , traveling to hospitals that were n't equipped to help him . Jamef Bwelle was injured in a 1981 car accident near Yaounde , Cameroon 's capital . He suffered only a broken arm at first , but an infection developed and spread to his brain , creating a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life . "  There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon , " Georges Bwelle said . "  We would have taken him out of Cameroon if we had the money . " Instead , Bwelle spent years escorting his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals , getting whatever treatment they could get . "  It 's not easy , " Bwelle said . "  You can leave home at 5 a.m. , running to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first . There  are  a lot of patients . ... Some people can die because they are waiting . " The situation has n't changed much since Bwelle 's father passed away in 2002 . In Cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the World Health Organization . For comparison 's sake , the ratio in the United States is one doctor for every 413 people . And even if they could see a physician , many Cameroonians could n't afford it . Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three-quarters of the country 's health-care spending is private . "  The only problem they have is poverty , " Bwelle said . "  And with poverty , they ... can not enjoy their life . " Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer , Bwelle was determined to do something about it . He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon in Yaounde 's Central Hospital . And he started a nonprofit , ASCOVIME , that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care . Since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people . Almost every Friday , he and up to 30 people jam into vans , tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need . Their luck does n't always hold out : They 've had to push vehicles through rivers and mud more than once . But when they arrive , they receive a true heroes ' welcome : a feast , singing and dancing , and the best accommodations the community can offer . In these villages , free medical care is truly a cause for celebration , and Bwelle -- with his big smile and boundless energy -- is more than happy to join in the fun . The next morning , the team begins meeting with hundreds of patients . "  We are receiving 500 people in each trip , " Bwelle said . "  They are coming from 60 kilometers  37 miles  around the village , and they 're coming on foot . " Each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care . Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases . Others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that 's required for school but that many impoverished families simply ca n't afford . In the evenings , the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia . Operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person . With the group 's generator lighting the operating room and sanitizing equipment , Bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of Sunday morning . It 's a backbreaking pace , but village musicians usually help keep the team motivated . "  They are beating drums all the night to  keep us  awake and continue our work , " Bwelle said . On Sunday , the team heads back to the city , tired but proud of their work . The group -- a mix of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students -- has performed 700 free surgeries in the past year , and they know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help . One man explained that the free hernia surgery he 'd received will allow him to work again . "  This will change my future with my family , " the man said . In addition to holding these weekend clinics and working as a hospital surgeon , Bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around Yaounde . It 's this second job , he said , that funds about 60 % of his nonprofit ; the rest is covered by private donations . "  I 'm not sure when he sleeps , " said Katie O'Malley , a second-year medical student from Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer with Bwelle 's group . "  He is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization so he can go on these campaigns . " For medical and nursing students such as O'Malley , who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions , it 's a hands-on opportunity they 'd never get at home . "  We 've been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr. Bwelle , " O'Malley said . "  That 's not something you 'd ever get to do in America as a second-year medical student . " The student volunteers usually pay their own way to Cameroon , often arriving with donated medical supplies . But once they arrive in Yaounde , their board , transportation and instruction are covered by Bwelle . "  He 's a hero , without a doubt , " O'Malley said . "  He gives his life to this organization , and his desire to help the Cameroon people is everlasting . " For Bwelle , the near-constant workload is n't a hardship . Helping others live happier lives , fulfilling a promise he made to his father , is something that brings him great joy . "  I am so happy when I am doing this work , " Bwelle said . "  And I think about my father . I hope he sees what I am doing . "  To make people laugh , to reduce the pain , that 's why I 'm doing this . " Want to get involved ? Check out the ASCOVIME website and see how to help .	Dr. Georges Bwelle is bringing free health care to rural villages in Cameroon Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients There are n't many doctors in the west African country ; just one for every 5,000 people
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Rescue teams searched Tuesday for seven people thought to have survived after three military helicopters came down on the side of Kenya 's highest mountain , in a remote area that is home to leopards and rhinoceros . Two of the helicopters crashed and the third crash-landed on Mount Kenya Sunday as they were on their way to join a peacekeeping mission in Somalia . Lt. Gen. Edward Katumba Wamala , Uganda 's commander of army land forces , said Tuesday that 21 people had been accounted for and the search continues for seven more . Ugandan military helicopters go missing One of the aircraft could be seen burned out on the side of Mount Kenya , said Gen. J.J. Odongo , Uganda 's defense minister . However , the military can neither confirm nor deny any deaths at the moment , he said . The passengers in the helicopter which crash-landed were found and rescued Monday after the pilot issued a distress call . Kenyan military officer Brig. Francis Ogola said the sites where the other two helicopters crashed have now been found and that military and police aircraft are carrying out a search for the presumed survivors . "  The fate of the occupants remains unknown , " Ogola said . However , the team at one of the sites found "  no dead bodies , " but rather "  items ... arranged in a matter that suggest that they have evacuated from that location and they are somewhere in the mountain . " This is cause for "  good hope " that the soldiers and airmen will be found , Ogola said . Conditions on the mountainside may be tough , however . The survivors will have to contend with rugged terrain and altitude . Mount Kenya is the second-highest peak on the African continent , after Kilimanjaro , at just over 17,000 feet , according to UNESCO . According to the Mount Kenya park service and UNESCO , elephants , rhinos , giant forest hogs and leopards are among the creatures that live in the area . The mountain sides are riven by steep valleys and the vegetation is alpine higher up , changing to bamboo further down the slopes , UNESCO says . Odongo said the crashes were an "  accident " and that the helicopters were in "  good condition . " Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has appointed a panel to investigate the cause of the accidents , which will be headed by the president 's younger brother , Gen. Caleb Akandwanaho , Odongo said . However , Odongo said the cause was turbulence due to "  bad weather . " Only one helicopter in the group of four made it to their next scheduled stop in Garissa , Kenya , where they were due to refuel . The helicopters were part of the first deployment of air support for the African Union Mission in Somalia in Mogadishu , where Ugandan , Burundian and other African Union forces are fighting Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group . Odongo said the Ugandan government and army would reassess their capacity to continue with the deployment of military air power to AMISOM following the crashes . It had taken Uganda more than three months to prepare for the deployment , he added , with all crew undergoing U.N. training . The aircraft left Nanyuki , in Kenya 's Rift Valley , after originally being dispatched last week from Entebbe , Uganda . Ugandan army spokesman Col. Felix Kulayigye said that one helicopter pilot then made a distress call saying he had made an emergency landing in the mountains . The pilot and crew of that helicopter were rescued and have been taken safely to Nanyuki Air Force Base , he said . Al-Shabaab , which has battled Somalia 's weak transitional government since 2007 , controls much of southern Somalia and is active around the capital city of Mogadishu . The United States listed it as a terror organization in 2008 . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for suicide bombings that killed more than 70 people in Uganda in 2010 and has threatened attacks against U.S. , Kenyan and Burundian interests in the region . Journalist Gregory Branch contributed to this report from Kampala , Uganda .	A Ugandan commander says 21 people are accounted for ; seven are missing Rescuers found items arranged at one of the crash sites , indicating survivors Three helicopters came down on the side of Mount Kenya Sunday The survivors may encounter tough conditions in the remote and rugged area
Who could have believed that a Hollywood movie directed by an African-American that examines more than 60 years of socio-political history through the life of an African-American White House butler would have happened , much less been released toward summer 's end ? And that it would become the talk of the nation as both "  Oscar bait " and cultural signifier ? Oh ... and make more money in its opening weekend than anybody , including its producers , expected ? Even before it opened nationwide Friday , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " seemed far more than just another Hollywood period melodrama . In a summer where racial reckoning manifested itself in major and minor events  the George Zimmerman verdict and the Paula Deen sideshow  , the movie promised to be a kind of cultural signpost , an occasion for still more soul-searching and commemoration leading to this month 's 50th anniversary of the March on Washington . It even became grist for a rare front-page essay last week in the Washington Post written by film critic Ann Hornaday , who declared the movie a groundbreaker for being the "  first major feature film to capture the full sweep and scope of the civil rights movement . " ` The Butler ' reflects America 's racial conversations The movie 's thoroughgoing publicity campaign made it an unavoidable fact of life , thanks largely to its female lead , Oprah Winfrey , who through boisterous appearances on almost every nationally-televised talk show made herself as unavoidable a fact of life as she was when she had her own nationally-televised talk show between 1986 and 2011 -- which somehow seems a lot longer ago than it actually is . Oprah 's hard work likely was n't targeted at movie critics -- though if you go by the Rotten Tomatoes website that assesses critical consensus , "  The Butler " has reaped a 73 percent "  ripe "  as in positive  score -- though it 's also true that even some of those positive reviews are mixed in nature . While even some of the negative reviews have good things to say about the acting , especially from Forest Whitaker in the title role of circumspect presidential servant Cecil Gaines and Winfrey as his saucy , unsettled easy spouse Gloria , even some of the positive reviews take to task some of the heavy-handed melodramatic flourishes applied to the story by Daniels , whose previous work , 2008 's "  Precious " and last year 's "  The Paperboy " , drew critical wrath for what were viewed as wretched , maudlin excesses . "  The Butler " itself may not have been every critic 's idea of a masterpiece . But its advance hype  did I mention all the Sunday supplement covers ?  was certainly some kind of masterly work of art ; the kind whose only precedent for an African-American-made commercial film was the buildup orchestrated in large part by Spike Lee for his 1994 biopic , "  Malcolm X. " Did it work ? Put it this way : The most optimistic forecast for "  Butler 's " opening weekend was $ 15 million . It has so far earned more than $ 25 million , easily outdistancing such late-season action franchises as "  Kick Ass 2 "  $ 13.5 million  . Though no industry pundit expects it to pass the magic blockbuster borderline of $ 100 million , "  The Butler " has already achieved enough capital , in money and buzz , to make people wonder whether it heralds yet another surge in serious commercial films about African-American life , past and present . 10 secrets of ` The Butler ' We 've been down this road before ; several times , in fact , since the early 1990s when the emergence of Lee , John Singleton  "  Boyz n The Hood "  and other young filmmakers-of-color heralded a renaissance of minority movies . What 's happened since those days has been at best a static , fitful process of advancement for black Americans in film with many in Hollywood convinced that movies with black-related themes are at best niche-market items with little if any staying power in a global movie bazaar where generic action movies and romantic comedies allegedly deliver bigger bangs for the buck . We will , as always , see . Whatever the future holds for "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " , one groundbreaking fact remains : Somehow , someway , a commercial feature film about the civil rights era was made by a black director with a predominantly black cast without a major white character being the focus of the narrative . So far , it 's working . And that means that , for the moment , anything 's possible .	Gene Seymour : Opening weekend success of ` The Butler ' surprising He says it comes at a time of national reckoning on race , with Zimmerman , Deen Movie reviews mixed , but hype masterly . Does it mark renaissance of black films ? It 's stunning that a film by and about blacks , civil rights made such a splash
Justin Bieber 's capuchin monkey -- famously seized by German customs officials after the singer brought it on tour without the right paperwork -- is now out of quarantine and about to join a new "  family " in a German zoo . The young monkey , Mally , was taken to a Munich animal shelter after he was confiscated at the end of March as Bieber arrived in Germany on tour . But the capuchin has now been transferred to the Serengeti Park in Hodenhagen , near Hanover in northern Germany , to start life with his new family -- six other capuchin monkeys . Mally was transferred Wednesday to the zoo 's new monkey area , consisting of a tree-covered island -- dubbed "  Mally-bu " -- surrounded by a moat and equipped with a house for its seven residents . He 's the first to arrive on the island and the others will be introduced gradually , if all goes according to plan , zoo spokeswoman Juliane Gunkel told CNN . The other capuchins are three males and three females , one of whom was born around the same time as Mally and is known as Molly , Gunkel said . Justin Bieber in accident involving pedestrian While in quarantine , for several weeks at the animal shelter and another month at the zoo , the monkey clung to a stuffed toy thought to have been given to him by Bieber . But the zoo is confident he 'll adjust to his new life quickly , Gunkel said . "  He is very clever and he 's the right age , not too old " to fit in , she said . Bieber had until May 7 to present the right paperwork to reclaim his pet -- who 's now 27 weeks old and weighs a little less than three pounds -- but failed to do so , Gunkel said . As a result , Mally is now the property of the German government , and the Serengeti Park is acting as a caretaker for the creature . The park was picked because it was the only zoo in Germany that had a family of capuchins for Mally to join . Bieber had better slow down , neighbors say The zoo contacted the pop star 's management to tell it about Mally 's new home but did not receive a response , Gunkel said . She does n't anticipate a visit from the pop star to the zoo . So far Bieber 's fans , known for their devotion to the 19-year-old singer , have not been rushing to the Serengeti Park , but some questions have been posted on Facebook and the zoo 's website , she added . Bieber 's representatives declined to comment at the time the animal was confiscated . Karl Heinz Joachim of the animal shelter told CNN in April that the monkey was "  not distressed " but was too young to have been taken from his mother . Mally was about 14 weeks old when he was brought to the shelter , and would have been only about 9 weeks old when he was reportedly given to Bieber in March , Joachim said .	Justin Bieber 's monkey , Mally , confiscated by German officials , is now living in a zoo Mally is being introduced to a family of fellow capuchin monkeys Bieber had until May 7 to reclaim his pet with the right paperwork but did n't , the zoo says The singer wanted to take the monkey on his European tour but it was seized in Munich
Turkey is in a tough spot . It has ISIS militants threatening the Syrian border town of Kobani , inching ever closer to confronting Turkish security forces . In addition thousands of Syrian Kurds , fleeing ISIS attacks , have massed along its border , adding further to Ankara 's troubles . Amid mounting pressure to become more active in the U.S.-led international coalition against ISIS , the Turkish parliament last week overwhelmingly authorized its military to make incursions into Syria and Iraq ; also to allow foreign troops to operate out of Turkish bases . The move has been greeted in Western capitals as a welcome sign that Turkey is finally fully on board with the anti-ISIS coalition . Yet the Turkish parliament 's actions herald neither a complete about-face in policy toward Syria nor immediate military action against ISIS . Indeed , Turkey 's reasons for joining the war may be more to do with suppressing Kurdish separatists and removing the al-Assad regime than with destroying the jihadist group . Toppling the leadership in Damascus and keeping in check the Syrian Kurds who are closely linked to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , have long been Ankara 's priorities in Syria . The wording of last week 's parliamentary resolution -- which states that "  the terrorist elements of the outlawed PKK still exist in northern Iraq " -- suggests that Kurdish separatists still remain the Turkish government 's top concern . The vote does not signal intervention against ISIS any time soon : despite thousands of Syrian Kurdish refugees and ISIS 's fast advance towards Turkey 's southern border , Ankara seems unwilling to act . Turkey 's defense minister Ismet Yilmaz said : "  Do n't expect an imminent step after the approval of the authorization request . " Rather , the Turkish government is likely to give its full cooperation to the campaign against ISIS so that it can secure agreement of a U.S.-backed no-fly zone in Syria : this , Ankara believes , would address both concerns . Turkey thinks that Assad regime 's ability to attack mainstream opposition forces from the air has strengthened ISIS , causing the Free Syrian Army to flee and allowing the Islamic militants to capture the vacant territory . Enforcing a no-fly zone over Syria would ground al-Assad 's air force and boost rebels fighting to topple him : it could also establish a Turkish military presence , ridding northern Syria of Kurdish fighters linked to the PKK and smothering the autonomous Kurdish region . Turkey has become increasingly uneasy about the emergence of yet another Kurdish entity on its frontier after the PKK-affiliated Syrian Kurdish groups established autonomy in northern Syria . The military and diplomatic boost that the PKK has received through its effective fight against ISIS has also worsened the situation for Ankara . In response to the growing ISIS threat , the PKK , the Peshmerga , and the People 's Protection Unit  the PKK-linked Kurdish militia group fighting in Syria  , have established a united Kurdish front , with the PKK militants coming to the aid of Peshmerga fighters and halting the jihadi group 's advance into the autonomous region of northern Iraq . The People 's Protection Unit was the main force battling ISIS , and it helped thousands of Yazidis escape from the western part of the region as ISIS attacked . The PKK has effectively become the West 's best hope for on-the-ground troops , winning the group positive reviews in Western media . Since the group started its assault against ISIS in northern Iraq , there has been a lot of talk in Western capitals about removing the PKK from the terror list . The fight against ISIS has also empowered the PKK militarily : Turkey is concerned that that weapons sent to the Peshmerga might ultimately end up in the hands of the PKK at a time when Ankara is moving forward with a deal that would disarm its group . The Turkish government puts the blame for this on the West but Ankara 's overtures towards its own Kurdish minority have been mostly strained by its own short-sighted Syria policy . The ongoing conflict around Kobani has underscored the many challenges the Syrian war poses for the peace process Ankara launched in 2012 in an effort to end the 30-year old Kurdish insurgency . The intensified shelling in Kobani has angered Kurds on the Turkish side of the border , who have blamed the Turkish government for allowing ISIS to fester and not doing enough to stop its assault against Kurds . Turkey 's reluctance to get involved for fear of empowering Kurdish militants in Turkey is now contributing to the growing discord between Kurds and the government . Last week , after reports that Turkey closed the border gates to impede the flight of Kurds from Kobani , Abdullah Ocalan , the PKK 's imprisoned leader , warned that if ISIS carried out a "  massacre " in Kobani then the peace process with the PKK could end . If engaged by Ankara , the PKK-linked groups in Syria could be integrated into the moderate Syrian opposition and become an effective fighting force against the al-Assad regime . But the Turkish government 's increasingly harsh rhetoric against the group signals that such a shift in Ankara 's thinking is not in the works . Last week , Erdogan said "  While the ISIS terror organization is causing turmoil in the Middle East , there has been ongoing PKK terror in my country for the last 32 years , and yet the world was never troubled by it . Why ? Because this terror organization did not carry the name ` Islam . ' " If Turkey keeps seeing the PKK a bigger threat than ISIS activities in Syria , then the legislation passed last week is unlikely to lead to a deeper involvement of Turkey in the fight against the jihadist group .	Gönül Tol : Turkey may be joining the anti-ISIS coalition to suppress Kurdish separatists The vote does not signal intervention against ISIS any time soon , she says Tol : The PKK has effectively become the West 's best hope for on-the-ground troops The fight against ISIS has also empowered the PKK militarily , she writes
CNN  -- A voice heard on an amazing video of 300 feeding alligators says it all . "  I ai n't never seen so many gators in my life . " Ray Cason 's biggest catch earlier this month , when he went fishing at Stephen C. Foster State Park in the Okefenokee Swamp in southeast Georgia , was two videos that have made a splash on Facebook and YouTube . As of Tuesday night they had garnered nearly 100,000 page views , according to YouTube . One of the videos looks like something out of an "  Animal Planet " special . Alligator heads bob on the surface while others , in the background , gyrate and thrash in the water as they snap at mudfish , also known as bowfin . The alligators are jammed in a canal perhaps 30 feet wide . "  With a high population of mudfish you can almost smell them , " said Art Webster , supervisory refuge manager at the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge . "  I 've never seen footage like that before , " said state wildlife biologist Greg Nelms who , along with other wildlife officials , told CNN this rare "  cooperative feeding " happens once every three or four years . Stephen C. Foster park manager Travis Griffin believes it last happened in 2007 . Griffin , who was not at the park the weekend of the event , said rangers saw alligators congregating about 10 p.m. July 9 near the quarter-mile-long canal that leads from the Foster boat area into open water near Billy 's Lake . No one had any idea of the scene that would greet Cason , 39 , of Homerville , Georgia , on the morning of July 10 . "  When I put the boat in you had the awfulest ruckus , " Cason said . Many alligators were in the boat basin . He headed out in the early morning light with another boat close behind . Moments later , they realized they had about 150 alligators in front of them and 150 behind . Cason said the teeming alligators were hunting together . Many formed a reptile wall beyond the canal . "  They would converge together , " Cason said . "  I saw gators pushing them -LSB- the fish -RSB- back -LSB- into the canal -RSB- . I saw them push them to the bank and eat them . " Cason returned to the park the next morning , July 11 , and shot more video . He said about 175 gators were visible . The alligators were gone by 8 a.m. , according to Griffin . Although he and other wildlife officials said the waters are safe for boaters , the state park waited to be sure that wild morning . "  I would n't rent my boats out until they were gone , " he said . Stephen C. Foster State Park covers 80 acres . It is a small portion of the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge 's 401,000-plus acres . Webster estimates the refuge is home to about 11,000 alligators . He said he was concerned that Cason and the other boater may have been pushing the gators along and might have hurt them . "  This was potentially not a safe thing to do . " But Cason said he waited several minutes for most of the alligators to clear before he proceeded . An alligator bumped the boat behind him but was n't injured , Cason said . The videos were posted by the Clinch County News . Cason said he hopes to show additional footage to school groups . "  By no means is the swamp dangerous , " he said . "  It 's probably something I never will see again . " Cason had additional luck that Saturday , catching his limit of jackfish and warmouth perch . Life has almost returned to normal at Stephen C. Foster State Park , which is near the town of Fargo . Alligator sightings are at normal levels , it 's hot and the park 's beauty awaits visitors . Griffin is n't sure whether Cason 's encounter will bring more campers and boaters , but it sure has raised interest in the behavior of alligators . "  You can never predict what they are going to do , " Webster said .	Georgia fisherman 's camera catches 300 alligators hunting together Officials in Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge says such behavior is unusual Ray Cason was heading out to fish at Stephen C. Foster State Park Alligators were likely eating mudfish  bowfin
Ever wanted to see who would win in a fight between Nintendo 's Mario and Sega 's Sonic ? Now you can in Super Smash Bros. . Brawl , a cartoon fighting game for the Nintendo Wii . ` Brawl ' lets you pick your favorite video game character and spar against your best friend over the internet . As with the previous games in this popular series - 1999 's Super Smash Bros. on the Nintendo 64 and 2001 's Super Smash Bros. . Melee on the Nintendo GameCube - this new Wii brawler lets you duke it out with and against popular Nintendo mascots such as Mario , Link , Pikachu , Donkey Kong , Bowser , Wario and Zero Suit Samus , each with their own unique moves , abilities and special power attacks . But the latest version - which sold more than 1.4 million units in the U.S. in the first week after its launch March 9 - also lets you fight against characters from other popular video games including Solid Snake from Konami 's Metal Gear Solid and Sonic from Sega 's Sonic the Hedgehog , as well as other Nintendo favorites such as Ike  from Fire Emblem  , Wolf  from Star Fox  , Diddy Kong  from Donkey Kong Country  and Meta Knight  from the Kirby games  . Having all of these familiar and beloved characters in one game is a treat , not to mention it 's fun to unlock all the fighters by winning matches - as not everyone is available right from the get-go . Depending on the mode you select , the game plays out as follows : You and a friend can select which character you 'd like to play as and then pick a desired venue from the nearly two dozen choices . It 's a last man - or beast - standing scenario , as you will fight , jump and block until one character falls off the edge of the screen . At the end of the round a winner is declared . That 's the gist of it , but the many moves you can execute per character keeps things fun and frantic - and with lots of colorful eye candy , too . Special moves include Yoshi 's Super Dragon Smash  where the little green dinosaur can shoot fireballs  , Wario 's nasty Gas Attack  which releases deadly fumes out of his buttocks  and Diddy Kong 's Rocketbarrel Barrage  where the monkey takes flight and shoots peanuts out of dual wooden pistols  . Also new to the series is online play , so you can play against friends on another Wii in another city . It works surprisingly well , especially considering the somewhat choppy Internet connectivity in Mario Strikers Charged . Plus , there 's a lengthy story-driven adventure mode called "  The Subspace Emissary , " which is essentially a full game . Super Smash Bros. . Brawl is also fully customizable , allowing you to tweak everything from the character 's special powers , weapons and moves to the musical score to how the game is controlled  whether you prefer Wii Remote , Wii Remote and Nunchuk , Classic Controller or the GameCube controller  . This eagerly anticipated Wii game is great fun for those new to the franchise or long-standing followers . Its pick-up-and-play accessibility also makes it perfect for players of all ages - that is , if you do n't mind the cartoon violence and somewhat crude humor , such as Wario passing gas . In a word , Super Smash Bros. . Brawl is a blast . E-mail to a friend	Game is a last-man-standing style fight game User can choose favorite Nintendo , Sonic , Konami characters Internet game play much better than previous Wii games Users are able to set weapons , powers and controls
Istanbul  CNN  -- A year ago , Ibrahim Qobani was an idealistic 19-year-old revolutionary who sang about freedom . Always dressed in a scarf and fingerless gloves woven with the colors of the Syrian rebel flag , Qobani worked with a team of pro-democracy activists in Syria 's northern Idlib province . He would sing from the rooftops during boisterous anti-government protests , complete with humorous animations that begged the international community to help stop Syrian government atrocities . But today , Qobani appears much different in a series of YouTube videos . Gone is the scarf with colors of the rebel flag . Instead of leading the chants , the young man stands in the crowd smiling as one man sings , "  We destroyed America with a civilian plane , turned the World Trade Center into a pile of dirt . If you call me a terrorist , I say it 's an honor . " In another video , Qobani stands cheering with a crowd of bearded men as a little boy sings , "  Our commander is Bin Laden . He showed the Americans the strength of our faith . " A man gives the boy a knife , which he proceeds to slice through the air as he sings , "  Our police is Nusra . Just wait Alawites . We will come to slaughter you . " It was a chilling warning to the minority religious sect of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who has stacked the top ranks of his security forces with fellow Alawites . Qobani declined several requests to speak with CNN . Several of his friends , however , confirmed that he is now a member of Jabhat al-Nusra , or the Nusra Front , the most famous of the hard-line Islamist rebel groups now fighting against the Syrian regime . Qobani 's ideological evolution is symbolic of a broader shift that many Syrians say they 're seeing nearly two years after the anti-government uprising began . "  There is an increasing militarization and now increased radicalization of the revolution , " said Rafif Jouejati . She is the English spokeswoman for the Local Coordination Committees in Syria , one of the first groups to organize peaceful anti-government protests in the spring of 2011 . "  Jabhat al-Nusra continues to make gains , " Jouejati said . "  They continue to increase in popularity , particularly as they begin to implement social services . " In the last year , the Nusra Front has grown from a shadowy group claiming responsibility for deadly car bombs to what Syrians describe as a highly disciplined fighting force that continues to attract recruits from the more secular Free Syrian Army rebels . Nusra Front fighters are said to be leading the ongoing siege of the Khweiris military airbase in Aleppo province . They are also credited with helping lead the capture of the Taftanaz helicopter airbase in Idlib province last month . Opinion : Terrorist group fills power vacuum among Syria rebels The high-profile Islamist victories on the battlefield have been accompanied by another trend . Gradually , black Islamist banners have replaced the distinctive green , black , white and red flags of the Syrian rebels at weekly anti-government protests . "  After two years of killings and butchering and the entire world standing by and watching us , now we depend on God only . So we started raising the banner of Shahada , the black banner of war , " explained a Syrian activist who has spent much of the last two years organizing anti-government protests in Idlib province . The Shahada refers to the Islamic creed "  There is no god but God , Mohammed is the messenger of God . " It is one of the most important pillars of Islam . It is also invoked for martyrdom on the battlefield . The rapid rise of hard-line Sunni Muslim groups like the Nusra Front -- some of which have seen their ranks swelled by foreign jihadi fighters -- is a trend that makes Jouejati and other more secular revolutionaries deeply uncomfortable . It is also making Washington uneasy . In December , the U.S. government blacklisted the Nusra Front , labeling it a terrorist organization . "  We blacklisted the Nusra Front because of its intimate links with al Qaeda in Iraq ... which is responsible for the killing of thousands of Iraqis and hundreds of Americans , " said Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , in an interview with CNN last month . "  We know what al Qaeda in Iraq did and is still doing , and we do n't want it to start doing that in Syria . " But some Syrian opposition leaders blame Western inaction for the recent growth of the Islamist groups . "  The U.S. and the European Union did n't help us , and that created an increase in Islamic radicalism here , " said Marwan Gayed in an interview in Aleppo last month . Gayed was a judge who defected from the Syrian government and helped launch the United Courts Council , an opposition-run court that is trying to institute law and order in rebel-controlled parts of Aleppo . Like many in the opposition , Gayed has viewed Islamist groups like Nusra as uneasy partners in the campaign to overthrow the al-Assad regime . "  They are our brothers in the revolution . They bleed for it . But we differ on how to build the state , " explained Gayed , who now serves as the chief prosecutor for the United Courts Council . "  We call for a civil , democratic nation . They call for an Islamic state . " U.S. branding of al-Nusra may have unintended consequences Members of the Nusra Front declined to meet face to face with CNN journalists . Instead , Salem Sabbagh , the spokesman for the Nusra Front in Aleppo , answered several questions submitted in print . He wrote that the main object of the group in Syria was "  to establish an Islamic state that can be based on the principles of the shura  consultations  where righteousness and justice will prevail based on applying God 's laws . " "  We already started carrying out God 's law in some of the liberated areas , " Sabbagh added . "  And we noted a great reception among the people when it comes to these religious courts , especially when they discovered that these courts were not as some portrayed and tried to distort their reality that such a court system will enslave them and that their heads will be severed and that their only salvation is when they choose a secular Western-oriented system that can rule among them . " Competition between the United Courts Council and courts backed by the Nusra Front exploded this month . On Tuesday , the council accused Nusra Front fighters of raiding one of its courthouses in Aleppo . "  Jabhat Al-Nusra stormed the Second Circuit United Judicial Council and seized the building of the Council and attacked scholars and judges who were there and they beat them and insulted them and then they kidnapped them to Jabhat al-Nusra 's headquarters , " said the council in a written statement also signed by a group calling itself the Free Aleppo Lawyers . Rebel court fills void amid Syrian war It is not the first time tensions have flared between the Nusra Front and other revolutionaries . One of Aleppo 's most famous anti-government activists , a man known as Abu Maryam , told CNN he was briefly detained and flogged by Islamist fighters last week . After his release , Abu Maryam posted a photo on Facebook of his bruised back . "  They accused me of protesting against the caliphate , " Abu Maryam said in a brief interview with CNN . Asked whether he thought the Nusra Front was taking over Syria 's uprising , Abu Maryam said , "  Yes , of course , that 's true , but it 's all because of the mistakes of the Free Syrian Army . " Nearly two years into the uprising , the rebel Free Syrian Army continues to be dogged by accusations of corruption . In recent weeks , activists have mounted an online campaign accusing Ahmed Afash , a prominent commander based in Aleppo , of banditry and kidnapping . Afash has denied the charges . But last week , a detachment of Afash 's fighters raided the offices of the Aleppo Media Center . They briefly detained several Syrian journalists who had published reports that Afash 's brigade had killed an innocent civilian . Meanwhile , Islamist groups like the Nusra Front have been applauded for distributing food and fuel to hungry , freezing Syrians . The Nusra Front also launched a cheap public service in rebel-controlled parts of Aleppo . "  Not only do they do the fighting , but they also perform a lot of civil duties such as cleaning roads , manning bakeries , installing and repairing city infrastructure like electricity , " said the activist from Idlib province , who asked not to be named . "  Some of the Nusra Front members are now playing even the role of street cleaners because of garbage in the city that has increased the rat population . " Even Syrians who criticize the Nusra Front concede the Islamists have offered hope to some members of a society traumatized by a brutal conflict that has claimed more than 70,000 lives and left millions of people homeless . As Islamists within the uprising continue to attract support , leaders of the Free Syrian Army have been left fuming , blaming a lack of Western engagement for the ideological shift in the uprising . "  We see the Islamist factions gaining more ground , recruiting some of our own people , " said Louai Miqdad , a spokesman for the Free Syrian Army . "  The world is handing Syria over to the unknown , to the radicals , to the Islamists . "	Hard-line Islamist groups like the Nusra Front are becoming more popular in Syria They 're fighting the Syrian regime while providing social services for Syrian civilians Some attribute their rise to Western indifference and a Free Syrian Army that 's lacking The United States blacklisted the Nusra Front in December , labeled it terrorist
CNN  -- Gem-studded pandas climbing emerald bamboo trees . Opal dragons breathing ruby fire . A wrap knitted with strings of yellow diamonds . These are a few of the thousands of over-the-top jewelry collections being shown at Asia 's largest combined jewelry show this week . For the first time , two major jewelry shows are being held at the same time in Hong Kong . The 31st Hong Kong International Jewellery Show opened at the Hong Kong International Convention & Exhibition Centre on Wednesday . The Hong Kong International Diamond , Gem & Pearl Show opened at AsiaWorld-Expo on Monday . Combined , the shows bring more than 3,800 exhibitors and stores from 52 countries to show their most beautiful finished pieces . Shopping destination It 's only logical that Asia 's most lavish jewelry shows take place in Hong Kong , a city peppered with jewelry manufacturers and stores -- many targeting free-spending Chinese tourists . According to the Hong Kong Trade Development Council , exports of fine jewelry from Hong Kong totaled $ 7.2 billion in 2013 , a 6.5 % increase from 2012 . At the Hong Kong International Jewellery Show in Wan Chai , the visuals are staggering , with a blinding glare from diamonds everywhere you look , set in every form imaginable . Trade customers carry giant suitcases , buying diamond necklaces by the bucket , while retail customers casually stroll from booth to booth . While the show is well known among industry people , it 's not widely known to the general public , possibly due to a misconception that it 's strictly a trade show . However , members of the public can enter with an admission fee of HK$ 100  $ 13  . Inside the halls they find one of the more shocking sights in Asia . Hefty bargains are available to "  civilian " shoppers . Retail prices at the show are approximately 10 % higher than wholesale prices , but that still means savings of as much as 70 % over outside retail prices . "  I travel to Hong Kong to shop here once a year , " said a female Korean shopper who asked not to be identified . "  I ca n't shop for jewelry anywhere else now -- the variety , the unique designs , the prices -- they 've all spoiled me for life . " It 's best to check whether a shop will sell retail before haggling over prices . Most will , but some sell only wholesale . "  Around US$ 1 million so far , " said one salesmen when asked about how much he 'd sold since the show began . Focus on design While almost any form of design imaginable is available , it 's the uniquely Asian designs that stand out . A swarm of delicate butterflies , all an unusual shade of green , adorn the Wing Tai Ornaments and Jewellery Co. counter . "  We exclusively use an unfinished Burmese jade that 's named after the Chinese word for the patterns on deer , " said Mandy Ho , a representative for the company . The show also hosts a design competition ; winners are featured in the gallery above . Hong Kong International Jewellery Show , Hong Kong Convention & Exhibition Centre , 1 Expo Dr. , Wan Chai , Hong Kong ; +852 2582 8888 ; March 5-9 , 10:30 a.m.-6 :30 p.m. Hong Kong International Diamond , Gem & Pearl Show , AsiaWorld-Expo , Hong Kong International Airport , Hong Kong ; +852 2582 8888 ; March 4-6 , 10 a.m.-6 :30 p.m. , March 7 , 10 a.m.-5 :30 p.m.	Two massive international jewelry shows opened in Hong Kong this week Exports of fine jewelry from Hong Kong totaled $ 7.2 billion last year Design competition winners are featured in the gallery above
Editor 's Note : Jack R. Nerad is Executive Editorial Director for Kelley Blue Book and kbb.com , and co-host of "  America on the Road , " heard on more than 300 radio stations . In the 1980s he served as Editor of Motor Trend magazine . Nerad is the author of "  The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Hybrid and Alternative Fuel Vehicles , " published recently by Alpha Books . Jack Nerad says bankruptcy would drive car buyers away from GM and imperil suppliers . CNN  -- The events of the past week have been unprecedented in the auto industry and in the annals of American business . As the events have unfolded , there is the strong implication from the administration 's automotive task force that Chapter 11 bankruptcy , followed by restructuring and "  cleansing " of General Motors ' balance sheet , is a potential scenario in the ongoing efforts to keep the giant automaker alive . GM 's new chief executive , Fritz Henderson , acknowledged as much on CNN Sunday . "  You ca n't rule options off the table . So you basically say we will spend time to try to get it -LSB- done -RSB- outside of bankruptcy . But if we ca n't , we 're not going to compromise our goals . We 're going to get it done inside our bankruptcy . Our preferred approach is still to do it outside , but you ca n't rule out going in . " Over the past few weeks pundits of all stripes have appeared on financial news networks suggesting that entering Chapter 11 is GM 's only way to future viability . "  Get on with it , " they say , and save us the agony . It is the only way , they argue , General Motors can get relief from its immediate cash-flow issues , tear up or substantially modify its union contracts , dump unnecessary brands , close plants and "  right-size " its operations . But those pundits who propose Chapter 11 fail to acknowledge that General Motors is a consumer-facing company whose success or failure is in the hands of millions of average Americans . This group will decide to buy or not buy General Motors vehicles based on what they know , hear and even feel about GM 's future . As talk of imminent bankruptcy swirls in the press , the news they hear about General Motors certainly is not reassuring , as they consider which brand to buy . How does that manifest itself in the car-buying public ? We at Kelley Blue Book asked 500 potential new-vehicle buyers a string of related questions that yield answers to that multi-billion dollar question . Their response is telling . Asked "  How likely would you be to buy a car from General Motors if they were to go bankrupt , " 42.1 percent of new-vehicle buyers said they were either "  not at all likely " or "  not very likely " to do so . Even with a warranty guarantee from the federal government , consumers are not very enthusiastic about considering a GM purchase . Such a guarantee only moves the needle about three percentage points with 39.8 percent saying they were either "  not at all likely " or "  not very likely " to purchase a GM vehicle in such a situation . Asked , "  How likely would you be to buy a car from General Motors if they were allowed to keep operating but had to renegotiate their contracts and agreements with suppliers and laborers ? " the responses changed . Given that scenario , only 31.6 percent of new-vehicle buyers said they were either "  not at all likely " or "  not very likely " to purchase a GM vehicle , and they were out-numbered by the 41.5 percent who said they were either "  very likely " or "  extremely likely " to do so . While one must keep in mind that consumers do n't always do what they say they are going to do , the import of this is clear : Bankruptcy puts a damper on consumer confidence and vehicle demand . There are other reasons to question the wisdom of a Chapter 11 filing as well . Beyond its potentially chilling effect on consumer demand , there is a domino effect on the supplier community . Many GM vendors have operated for years on ever-declining , razor-thin margins and are heavily dependent on GM for cash-flow . If that cash-flow ceases for even a relatively short period of time it could well send many of those suppliers into bankruptcy and force others simply to close their doors . The likely bankruptcies of supplier companies would have a ripple effect through the entire American vehicle manufacturing industry , causing hardships for the healthier companies as well . Further , while a "  quick-cleanse " bankruptcy is contemplated , it is very difficult to imagine that the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of one of the largest industrial companies in the world would not take a year or more to unravel , rather than weeks or months . And if GM languishes in bankruptcy it is hard to imagine consumers flocking to buy its new vehicles . Nor is it likely the government would subsidize those operations through the potentially lengthy proceedings . The implications of the pronouncements made by President Obama and the auto industry task force indicate clearly that they believe a figurative hammer is needed to move the stakeholders -- the United Auto Workers union , pensioners , bondholders and creditors -- to accept settlements that are , at best , unpalatable to them . The threat of bankruptcy is that hammer . But the question should be asked : Is the hammer the task force is holding over the head of the GM stakeholders in an effort to get concessions , the same hammer that will drive away consumers and require the federal government to make larger and larger cash infusions or see GM founder ? So while some toss out the idea of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy as being a magic elixir for GM , which has found itself trapped in an unprecedented credit crunch and a sharp recession , we have to believe that bankruptcy is a bankrupt idea . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack R. Nerad .	Jack Nerad : Some argue that a quick bankruptcy is best course for GM He says bankruptcy will reduce sale of GM cars , even with government warranty Nerad says GM suppliers could be driven into bankruptcy by such a move He says bankruptcy is being used as a hammer for GM to get concessions
CNN  -- Even as it celebrates brisk sales of its new PlayStation 4 , Sony is offering help to gamers experiencing problems with the next-generation gaming console . Released at midnight Friday , the PlayStation 4 , or PS4 , sold more than 1 million units in North America in its first 24 hours , according to Sony . But with any massive hardware rollout , some glitches are sure to surface . And the PS4 is no exception . Sony has addressed what some are calling the "  blinking blue light of death , " an error that occurs when customers try to power up . "  Just brought home my brand new PS4 and when  I  turn it on all it does is blink blue ... , " one user wrote on Sony 's PlayStation support site . "  I am overly upset that I spent most of my day waiting in line in the cold . Not a happy customer to say the least . " Some disgruntled customers also posted one-star reviews on Amazon , although the console 's average rating on that site Tuesday was a healthy four out of five stars . Sony has responded with a detailed troubleshooting guide for the problem . Sony says the complaints could be related to problems with the console 's power supply , hard drive , related hardware or connection to an incompatible television . Possible fixes include updating TV software as well as revisiting a time-honored classic : turning the console off and then turning it back on again . In an earlier statement sent to media outlets , Sony had already acknowledged "  a handful of people have reported issues " with their new console . The number of affected systems , Sony said , amounted to less than 0.4 % of the units that have been shipped -- or less than 4,000 out of 1 million . "  This is within our expectations for a new product introduction , and the vast majority of PS4 feedback has been overwhelmingly positive , " the statement said . "  We are closely monitoring for additional reports , but we think these are isolated incidents and are on track for a great launch . " The PlayStation 4 has received generally positive reviews from critics . The PS4 release was the first in a 2013 rekindling of the video-game console wars between the three big manufacturers : Microsoft , Sony and Nintendo . Microsoft 's Xbox One is set to be released Friday , and Nintendo released its Wii U last year . Console smackdown ! PlayStation 4 vs. Xbox One	Error affects a small fraction of PlayStation 4s , Sony says Sony offers troubleshooting guide for "  blinking blue light of death " glitch Company says it sold more than 1 million consoles in first 24 hours
CNN  Another matchday , another morgue full of bodies ; another crowd of mothers broken by grief , weeping for the souls of their dead sons . Soccer should never be about survival , it should never be about counting coffins , but Sunday was another dark night in Egypt . Around 20 fans of Zamalek were killed outside the Air Defence Stadium in Cairo before a top of the table clash with ENPPI . Egyptian officials announced that 19 people had been killed . Zamalek fans posted the pictures of corpses on social media . A crush had developed outside the narrow , single entrance -- more of a cage covered in barbed wire -- through which the thousands of fans were expected to walk through . As the fans tried to push their way in , it appeared that riot police fired tear gas into the crowd . Before the bodies were cold , the blame game had begun . Mortada Mansour , Zamalek 's president , immediately blamed the Ultras White Knights  UWK  -- the club 's organized group of fans -- and absolved the police of all blame . Egypt 's interior ministry also blamed the fans , saying in a statement : "  They climbed the fence . The security forces tried to disperse them , the fans fled to the main road and blocked traffic and stopped the bus carrying the Zamalek soccer team . "  They set fire to a police vehicle . We got reports of fatalities because of a stampede . " We have heard this before , of course , and semantics are important . Were the young men -- for they are always young men -- killed ? Was it a riot ? Or was it naked violence ? Was it an accident or was it murder ? To understand why this is important you have to go back to Egypt 's revolution on January 25 , 2011 . Back then , the regime of former president Hosni Mubarak seemed impenetrable . Mubarak had successfully run a brutal police state for decades , and almost all opposition had been neutered . But when the deep unhappiness with the state of the country and the lack of freedoms burst forth in Tahrir Square , three groups emerged at the front : activists , the Muslim Brotherhood and , strikingly , Egypt 's soccer ultras . Ultras are organized fan groups who religiously follow their team.They are anti-authoritarian , independently minded and have no time for the mainstream press who characterize them as violence-addicted hooligans . But the truth was more complex than that . In 2007 I met the founders of the Ahlawy , the ultras group of Al Ahly -- Egypt 's biggest team and Zamalek 's main rival . What began as support for a team with European-style banners and songs about Mohamed Aboutrika , their greatest ever player , became something much more dangerous for the authorities . For years Al Ahly fans were attacked by police as they tried to watch their favorite team play . But the ultras , who had obtained a degree of anonymity in numbers and within the huge terraces of the Cairo International Stadium , fought back . "  It was n't just supporting a team ; you were fighting a system and the country as a whole , " one of the Al Ahly founders told me in 2011 . "  We were fighting the police , fighting the government , fighting for our rights ... this was something new , a little bit of a seed that was planted four years later . " When the revolution came , the ultras were on the front lines . They were the only groups that had experience confronting the police . The two teams maintain a historic rivalry but , briefly , the fans of Ahly and Zamalek -- as well as supporters from other ultras groups -- joined forces in Tahrir Square and in the other cities around Egypt . In those fleeting , free moments in post-revolution Egypt , the ultras were revered as protectors of the revolution . But as the authorities slowly reasserted their power , the narrative changed . On February 1 , 2012 , 72 members of the Ahlawy were killed at a football match against Al Masry in Port Said . At first , the authorities said it was hooliganism , violence between two sets of fans -- nothing more , nothing less . But it soon emerged that this could n't have been further from the truth . A moving televised testimony by a fan who was there turned the tide of public opinion in favour of the Ahlawy . The Ahlawy maintained that the incident was organised by the state , a political assassination of a group that had become too powerful . Yet a measure of justice , at least temporarily , had been won . The league was suspended , and the Ahlawy picketed the stadiums , successfully preventing the league from returning until justice was done . Death sentences were passed down on a number of Al Masry fans , and some officials were even jailed . The Port Said tragedy showed that protest could affect change . But this is a new Egypt . The democratically-elected president , Mohamed Morsy , was deposed in a coup and replaced by General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters have been shot dead at protests . Activists , like Shaimaa el-Sabbagh , have died whilst protesting peacefully . The groups that led the revolution from the front are slowly being removed from view . The image that will stay with me from Sunday night is the video posted on YouTube of a police officer firing tear gas canisters into the crowd gathered outside the ground . The crowd is so packed that it is clear no one can escape . It was the kind of casual brutality by the police towards the supporters that I 'd experienced before the revolution . But the comparison here is n't with Mubarak , with the revolution , or even with Port Said . At Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield , England , 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death at the start of an FA Cup match in 1989 . Immediately the narrative had been set : The fans were drunk ; they rushed the turnstiles ; they stole from the bodies of the dead . The victims were besmirched by the police and newspapers like The Sun . For 25 years , families have been fighting for justice . The verdict that the fans ' deaths were accidental has been overturned , and a new coroner 's inquest is underway to determine how all 96 victims died . We may never get to the bottom of what happened on Sunday night . The Zamalek president , a keen supporter of President Sisi , had already dubbed the Ultras White Knights a terrorist organization . "  They are not fans , they are criminals , " Mansour said in an interview with The Guardian last month . "  They are using bombs , live ammunition and shotgun pellets ... And last week they threw acid at me -- but I continue because this is part of the nation 's battle against terrorism . " The acid turned out to be human urine . Several ultras were jailed for the incident . The authorities announced that the leaders of the UWK would be rounded up and arrested . The UWK called Sunday 's incident a "  deliberate massacre . " Fact and fiction seamlessly intertwine in the aftermath of chaos . What is clear is that the league has , once again , been suspended indefinitely as the funerals of those killed take place in the coming hours . Meanwhile Egypt is again counting the numbers of the dead . It is far from the hope and optimism I had been lucky to experience in Tahrir Square in 2011 . As George Bernard Shaw once wrote , "  Revolutions have never lightened the load of tyranny , they have only shifted it to another shoulder . " And the match the fans died trying to watch ? It went ahead anyway . It finished 1-1 .	In the fleeting , free moments in post-revolution Egypt , the ultras were revered as protectors of the revolution , argues James Montague As the authorities slowly reasserted their power , the narrative changed , he says The deadly riot is "  far from the hope and optimism I had been lucky to experience in Tahrir Square in 2011 " Montague writes
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 18 people have been killed and 80 injured in a car bomb blast in central Baghdad as deadly violence returned to the streets of the Iraqi capital for a second day . The blast was caused by a suicide bomber who drove through the checkpoint , toward a government forensic office , Iraq 's ministry of information said . Tuesday 's attack followed three vehicle bombings near hotels in the city on Monday which killed 36 people and wounded 71 others . The latest bombings come amid concerns over security and fears of a fresh wave of sectarian violence between the country 's rival Shia and Sunni factions as the country prepares for crucial national elections on March 7 . The buildup to that vote has been dominated by controversy over the legitimacy of hundreds of candidates banned from participating because of alleged links to former dictator Saddam Hussein 's regime . The 511-name "  blacklist " issued by Iraq 's Accountability and Justice Commission , which is charged with purging former members of Hussein 's Baath Party from public life , includes many prominent Sunni Arab politicians . Banning such candidates has raised fears of alienating the Sunnis -- an issue during the 2005 elections that analysts say was a contributing factor to the years of sectarian violence that followed . Monday 's bombings also followed the execution earlier in the day of Hussein 's cousin and notorious henchman Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- also known as "  Chemical Ali . " In a statement issued Tuesday , the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad condemned the attacks on the hotels . "  The terrorists who committed these senseless crimes aim to sow fear among the Iraqi people . We are confident , however , that the Iraqi people will stand fast and work together to build their common future in peace and security , " the embassy said . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Car bomb detonated near a government forensic office in central Baghdad Attack comes a day after three vehicle bomb attacks killed 36 , injured 71 At least 18 dead , 80 injured in latest attack
CNN  -- Oklahoma 's governor Tuesday declared states of emergency in 56 counties following a string of deadly tornadoes and severe storms that swept through the area the day before . Gov. Brad Henry took an aerial tour of one of the hardest hit areas Tuesday afternoon . "  I lost track of the number of damaged and destroyed homes that we saw , " Henry said . "  Literally hundreds and I think thousands of homes have received damage in these storms , and many , many of those homes have been destroyed . " Are you there ? Send images , video "  Even though central Oklahoma was the hardest hit , this storm really was a statewide event , and there is damage and destruction throughout the state , " he said . The governor said that Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano assured him "  that FEMA would act very , very quickly on our request for a presidential disaster  declaration  and federal aid . " Meanwhile , a maze of downed power lines and wrecked homes in parts of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , hindered search-and-rescue efforts Tuesday as authorities worked to ensure no more victims of Monday 's tornadoes lay in the rubble . The state Department of Emergency Management lowered its death toll from five to two , saying that three children had been erroneously reported dead . The children are in critical condition , the state said . Their mother was one of the two dead . More than 100 people were treated for various injuries , the state said . Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said 80 homes and businesses in the city were destroyed by the storm , which he called "  probably the most significant " to hit during his seven years in office . The storm system that swept through the state on Monday spawned multiple tornadoes and dropped softball-sized hail . More bad weather was on the way Tuesday , and the National Weather Service warned Oklahomans to prepare for severe storms Tuesday afternoon and early evening . Tornado watch in western Oklahoma Officials said they planned to release more detailed damage estimates Tuesday and decide how to manage cleanup efforts in areas where tornadoes left behind snapped utility poles , downed trees and severely damaged homes . In Norman , Oklahoma , south of Oklahoma City , mobile homes were blown to pieces in one neighborhood , where debris littered yards and streets alongside large trees ripped straight from the ground . Watch iReport video of tornado in Norman , Oklahoma Norman resident and CNN iReporter Erica Loftis said she spotted the funnel cloud from Interstate 40 while headed to her parents ' home and could see it headed toward the home when she arrived . She and her parents took shelter in a small cement room with steel doors , where they could feel their ears popping and hear the storm ripping away parts of the house around them . "  You could feel the pressure - it was scary , " Loftis said . Outside , the sound of "  screeching metal " filled the air , she said . Afterward , all the home 's windows were broken , its chimney was blown into a neighbor 's yard and the garage door was sucked in . In addition , a boat from a nearby marine store ended up in one of their trees , she said . And a truck stop east of Oklahoma City was demolished , taking a direct hit from one of the tornadoes , according to a spokeswoman for Love 's Travel Stops and Country Stores . But motorists who pulled off the interstate to take cover were ushered into the truck stop 's large coolers and restrooms before the tornado tore the roof off the building , blew out car windows and overturned tractor-trailers , spokeswoman Christina Dukeman said . Love 's employee Charlescie Greenway said she and two other women made it to one cooler before the twister hit . "  The three of us were kind of trapped in there , holding the door shut , praying to God that we do n't die and that everybody else was safe , " Greenway told CNN affiliate KWTV , adding , "  it was really scary -- the wind was like trying to pull the door off the latch . " Cornett said quick thinking by the truck stop 's employees saved people inside . "  They were all huddled into a cooler and all walked out alive , " he said . More than 65,000 homes and businesses were without power throughout the state , emergency management officials said . Nearly 15,000 homes were without power in Norman alone , according to Oklahoma Gas & Electric . The Lake Draper Water Treatment Plant , which provides about half of Oklahoma City 's water , was also without power , City Manager Jim Couch said . Because of the outage , city officials placed a ban on outside watering for 48 hours , he said . "  It 's unknown when that power will be restored , " he said . "  Major transmission lines in the area have been damaged . " State emergency officials said more than 100 homes were destroyed and another 70 sustained major damage . Additionally , 43 businesses were destroyed . CNN 's Tyson Wheatley contributed to this report .	NEW : State officials lower death toll from five to two Storm destroyed more than 100 homes and 43 businesses Truck stop east of Oklahoma City destroyed by direct hit from tornado More than 65,000 homes , businesses without power throughout the state
You 've been told for years that popping a multivitamin every day might help you live longer . But the daily multi habit has been getting a bit of bad press lately . Vitamins can help provide key nutrients for individuals whose diets are low on fruits and veggies . First , ConsumerLab.com , a watchdog of the supplement industry , found that more than half of the 21 multis it tested had too much  or too little  of certain vitamins -- or had been contaminated with dangerous substances such as lead . Then a controversial paper from researchers in Denmark and other European countries , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , made the claim that taking vitamins may actually shorten your life . What 's the real story ? Health talked to leading nutrition experts at Harvard and Tufts universities to find out and to get some answers on this and other confusing info about vitamins . Are multivitamins safe ? Vitamins have been recommended for years because they help you get key nutrients if your diet 's low on fruits and veggies -- and may even help prevent cancer and heart disease . And it 's unlikely that one critical paper  speculating that vitamin supplements might upset your body 's natural healing process and boost your risk of death  will change that . Health.com : Your vitamin cheat sheet Longtime vitamin experts at Tufts University and the Linus Pauling Institute at Oregon State University continue to say multis are n't dangerous and the paper 's findings are wrong . The paper analyzed previous studies , including many with people who were sick before taking vitamins , so there 's a good chance vitamins were n't responsible for shortening their lives . Experts say the paper also ignored two major studies that found vitamins reduced the risk of death . At the same time , the study from ConsumerLab.com shows that you ca n't assume just any vitamin is safe . Because there are no uniform manufacturing rules for supplements , a multi may not contain what the bottle claims , could be contaminated with something from the manufacturing plant , or might have tainted ingredients . Health.com : 20 antioxidant powerhouses Your best bet : Avoid the vitamins singled out by ConsumerLab.com , and stick with mainstream names such as Centrum Silver and One-A-Day Women 's , which were found to be free of impurities and accurately labeled . Also , check vitamin bottles for the United States Pharmacopoeia  USP  , NSF International  NSF  , or ConsumerLab.com  CL  seals . The USP and NSF are nonprofit groups that verify whether companies offer contamination-free products and use good manufacturing practices . Not every brand has the seals -- some do n't want to submit to testing -- but those that do  Kirkland and Nature Made carry the USP seal , for instance  are reliable . How much should I spend to get the biggest benefits ? Price is n't a sign of quality . In fact , some of the priciest vitamins -- like The Greatest Vitamin in the World and Eniva Vibe , which cost more than $ 39.95 per bottle -- failed the Consumer Lab.com tests . A mainstream brand such as One-A-Day Women 's is $ 8.99 for a bottle of 100 tablets at drugstore.com , about 9 cents per day . How do I find the right multi for me ? In your childbearing years , make sure your multi has 400 micrograms  mcg  of folic acid , which helps make and maintain new cells . And pregnant women should take a vitamin with 600 mcg of folic acid daily ; this nutrient also reduces the incidence of neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida . A premenopausal woman should look for a multivitamin with iron to replace the iron lost during menstruation . Menopausal women should go without the iron . "  Too much iron may raise the risk of heart disease , " says Meir Stampfer , Ph.D. , professor of nutrition and epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health . Health.com : A new way to "  pop " your vitamins If you 're taking a prescription , check with your doctor about risky interactions .  Vitamin E , for instance , may be a problem if you 're taking a blood thinner .  If you 're a cancer patient , you should ask your doctor about risks before taking vitamins . "  Cancer cells need vitamins to grow , too , " Stampfer says . Plus , some vitamins can interfere with chemotherapy . What 's the best way to avoid that queasy feeling after taking a multi ? "  Consider switching brands , " Stampfer suggests . Trial and error is the best way to determine which brands wo n't break down poorly in your stomach and lead to irritation . Also , take your multi with food because your body needs some fat  or lipids  to absorb some of the individual vitamins . The delivery method  pill , liquid , gummy bear  makes no difference . But vitamins in liquid form may degrade more quickly on the shelf . How much of each vitamin should my multi have ? The amount per serving numbers on the label should match the government 's Dietary Reference Intakes  DRI  . It 's OK if they 're higher as long as they do n't exceed the tolerable upper limit  UL  .  To find the DRIs and ULs , go to Health.com / links .  While most vitamins are listed in milligrams  mg  or micrograms  mcg  , the label may use IUs  international units  for vitamins A , D , and E . The DRIs are 2,300 IUs for vitamin A , 200 for D , and 22 for E . What about the label 's % Daily Value column ? Look at it with a skeptical eye : Those numbers have n't been updated since 1968 . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Stick with mainstream names found to be free of impurities , accurately labeled Price is n't a sign of quality Premenopausal women should take multivitamin with iron Check with your doctor about risky interactions with prescription drugs
CNN  -- Syrian opposition leader Moaz al-Khatib tried to resign Sunday , but was told he could n't . Al-Khatib will remain as head of the Syrian National Coalition until the group 's next general meeting , Sanir Ahmed , Syrian National Coalition spokesman , told CNN . The executive committee rejected the resignation . He "  has taken the realm of the national coalition at a critical stage and he was able to garner great popularity and establish unity among ranks of the opposition . So he is to remain in his position for now , " Ahmed said . No date for the meeting has been set . Earlier , al-Khatib announced his resignation in a written statement , and accused world powers of using the Syrian crisis to advance their own interests . "  I promised the Syrian people and God to resign if matters reach some red lines , " he wrote . He wanted to step down , he said , "  so I could work with more freedom unavailable to me within the official position of the organization . " Last week , a Syrian opposition alliance elected Ghassan Hitto -- who had studied and lived in the United States -- to lead the opposition 's interim government . Hitto went to Syria on Sunday , according to a Facebook post from the Syrian National Coalition , crossing the border with Turkey and meeting with rebel leaders in Aleppo . In a statement about the resignation , Mohammed Ali , a spokesman for al-Khatib , said , "  For two years now we 've been slaughtered . We keep hearing that we will get arms , then that we wo n't get arms . Everyone is trading in the Syrian crisis for their own interest and agenda . The international community is doing nothing . " "  Everything that has happened to the Syrian people -- including the destruction of their infrastructure , arrest of tens of thousands of its sons , and the forced displacement of hundreds of thousands , and other tragedies -- have not been enough to cause an international decision to be taken to allow the people to defend themselves , " the statement said . The news comes two days before members of the Arab League are scheduled to meet in Doha , Qatar . Qatar 's Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani said Sunday he is looking forward to the participation of the interim government at the meeting . Al-Khatib apparently has wanted to leave his position for some time . He favored having an executive committee lead the group rather than one interim leader . Before news of the group 's refusal to let al-Khatib step down now , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he likes al-Khatib personally and was sad to see him go . "  The notion he might resign has been expressed on many an occasion and is not a surprise , " Kerry said . Change within the opposition leadership is inevitable , and the United States "  views this as a continuum , " he said . "  The opposition is more than one person , " Kerry said . Israeli troops under fire The Israeli military , meanwhile , said its troops came under fire Sunday in the Golan Heights from the Syrian side -- and soldiers returned fire . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon blamed the Syrian military for the incident . "  We view very harshly the fire opened last night and this morning , from the direction of Syria on an IDF  Israel Defense Forces  force in Israeli territory , " Yaalon said . "  We will not allow the Syrian army or any other factor to violate Israeli 's sovereignty by firing into our territory . " IDF said no casualties or damage had been reported on the Israeli side of the border , but it was continuing to monitor the situation in the border area . Syria 's opposition network , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , said rebels were clashing with the Syrian army near the Golan Heights border at the time . Fighting in the area has intensified in recent days as rebels backed by Nusra Front fighters gain territory . The radical Islamist al-Nusra Front has emerged as one of the most effective groups in the Syrian resistance , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . In December , the U.S. State Department moved to blacklist the rebel group as a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . President Shimon Peres said Israel had high hopes when Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who trained in London to become a doctor , was elected president . Al-Assad seemed to be "  a modern young doctor , " Peres said . . "  It turned out to be a cover , " Peres said . "  He tried to build a nuclear bomb and he built a chemical arsenal . Fortunately , the nuclear installation is destroyed . Unluckily the chemical arsenal remained . " He added , "  What 's happening in Syria is a tragedy for Syria . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Lauren Russell , Steve Almasy , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition leader in Syria wanted to resign but alliance rejected his request NEW : Interim Syrian opposition alliance leader Ghassan Hitto meets with rebels in Aleppo NEW : Israeli president says Syrian leader turned out to be a phony Israel says its troops came under fire Sunday from Syrian side
CNN  -- Tanzanian police have arrested 15 suspects following the latest acid attacks on the island of in recent months . Most of the suspects arrested Tuesday had acid in their possession and experience working with it , said Mussa Ali Mussa , a local police commissioner . Attackers hurled acid at a Catholic priest as he was leaving an internet cafe last week , the third such unprovoked assault in two months . The Rev. Joseph Anselmo Mwagambwa , who was attacked Friday in Zanzibar , is undergoing treatment at the mainland city of Dar es Salaam . Last month , two British teenagers were walking unaccompanied when men on a motorcycle threw acid on their chests and hands in Zanzibar , officials said . Katie Gee and Kirstie Trup , both 18 , were attacked in Stone Town , the island 's historic center . They had been working as volunteer teachers on the island . In another incident in July , a businessman who had built a mall close to the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam was also injured in an acid attack , Tanzanian media reported . The attacks occurred at a time when Islamist extremism is escalating in the area , which has a Muslim majority . The government has said it will consider regulating the purchase of acid and other related products , and warned such attacks will damage the island 's tourism industry . Zanzibar is a semiautonomous part of Tanzania . Indian acid attack victim fights for justice CNN 's Larry Register and journalist Farouk Karim contributed to this report	Attackers hurled acid at a Catholic priest last week It was the third such unprovoked assault in two months Last month , men on a motorcycle threw acid on two British teens walking alone in Zanzibar
CNN  -- Two suspected U.S. drone strikes in in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region have killed at least eight militants , Pakistani officials said Saturday . One strike targeted a hideout in eastern Afghanistan , near Pakistan 's Khyber Agency , which is part of Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas , the officials said on condition of anonymity . That strike killed at least four militants and injured many others , the source said . In the other incident , missiles hit a vehicle in Pakistan 's North Waziristan -- another tribal area that borders Afghanistan -- killing four militants , including a commander , according to Pakistani intelligence sources . It was n't immediately clear when the attacks happened . The sources did n't say which group or groups the militants represented . The tribal areas in northwestern Pakistan have long been a base for anti-government militants , including those with the Islamist Haqqani movement . The United States routinely does not comment on suspected drone strikes .	One strike kills four militants in Afghanistan , near Pakistan border , Pakistani officials say Another four militants killed in northwestern Pakistan , sources say
CNN  -- Real Madrid had goalkeeper Iker Casillas sent off in the second minute but battled to a 1-0 win at Espanyol Sunday to cut Barcelona 's lead at the top of Spain 's La Liga to five points . Spain World Cup keeper Casillas went for clipping home midfielder Jose Callejon as he raced clear from a through ball , his sending off the quickest ever for a Real player in a Spanish league match . Manager Jose Mourinho had to introduce youngster Antonio Adan from the bench and sacrificed Argentina star Angel Di Maria , but it sparked an impressive display from Los Blancos . With a numerical advantage Espanyol did occasionally threaten and from the resulting free kick Luis Garcia saw his effort saved by Adan , but it was Real who were the more threatening . Marcelo clipped the crossbar with a rising shot before he was found by Cristiano Ronaldo and scored from an acute angle in the 23rd minute . Marcelo then sent Emmanuel Adebayor clear , but the Togo striker slipped as he shot and his effort looped onto the top of the crossbar . Espanyol applied more pressure in the second half and Callejon might have equalized only to send his effort wide of the far post . But in the dying moments Carlos Kameni twice denied Adebayor from point-blank range with superb saves , both times after receiving passes from the hard - working Ronaldo . Barcelona 's winning run was halted Saturday as they were held 1-1 by Sporting Gijon , giving arch-rivals Real the chance to close the gap . In other La Liga action Sunday , Villarreal slipped two points behind rivals Valencia in the battle for Champions League places with their second successive league defeat , beaten 1-0 at Deportivo La Coruna . Defender Alberto Lopo 's goal on the hour mark sealed three vital points for Depor , who move out of the relegation zone while their visitors stay fourth . Meanwhile , promoted pair Hercules and Levante improved their chances of staying in the top flight with wins over Real Zaragoza and Almeria respectively .	Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas sent off in 1-0 win at Espanyol Casillas shown red after only two minutes for foul on Jose Callejon Marcelo scores only goal of the match in 24th minute after pass from Cristiano Ronaldo Real cut Barcelona 's lead at the top to five points
New York  CNN  Kayla Mueller , Peter Kassig , Alan Henning , David Haines -- just a few of the aid workers who have been abducted and killed by ISIS in the past year . The exact number of aid workers currently being held is unknown ; a level of secrecy tends to surround details of those currently captive . What we do know is ISIS holds at least one female aid worker , and possibly more . The International Federation of the Red Cross confirmed three aid workers who disappeared in October 2013 remain missing , but would not comment on their identities or who kidnapped them . Abductions and killings of aid workers are , unfortunately , nothing new , but the numbers are . According to Aidworkersecurity.org , at least 155 aid workers were killed in 2013 , a 121 % increase on 70 recorded killings the year before . Not all were victims of ISIS , a relatively new phenomenon given life by the chaos in embattled Syria . In fact , according to the same report , it is the Taliban who have historically kidnapped in the greatest numbers , in large part in Afghanistan . Here 's the difference : ISIS is changing the game . The Taliban may have many reasons for abductions  flexing their muscles , negotiating prisoner releases  , but they also have a record of frequent hostage release . The need for aid in a specific region and the level of the acceptance by the community matters , or mattered . For ISIS , it appears to matter less . Abducted aid workers are usually either a source of considerable income  ISIS demanded at least $ 6 million for Kayla Mueller , and reportedly $ 200 million for two Japanese hostages  or , failing that , their killings provide a lurid display of brutality for the world to witness . So far the number of hostages of all backgrounds freed by ISIS is extremely low , save for those whose ransoms were paid . The freeing of 19 kidnapped Assyrian Christians shocked many , because release is not a common part of ISIS ' playbook . These tactics can serve as models to other extremist groups worldwide , who may look to emulate ISIS ' model of abduction and violence . One example is West African extremist group Boko Haram , which released a video purportedly showing the beheading of two men claimed to be spies , an approach disturbingly similar to ISIS ' . "  Humanitarian work has always been risky , but it 's never been more dangerous than it is now , " says Caryl Stern , president and CEO of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF . "  There used to be a time when an organization 's flag provided a great deal of protection . That 's no longer the case . " The response in large part from aid agencies has not been to pull out of Syria and its environs altogether , but to rely almost exclusively on local staffers . Still , outside workers like Mueller , Kassig , Henning and Haines were inside Syria when they were taken , and the regional directors of aid agencies continue to travel there frequently in order to oversee operations . Not only that , but simply by virtue of working for a large aid agency , local staffers become bait . Indeed , the majority of victims have been working in their own countries . ISIS does n't just target aid workers . Journalists , soldiers and anyone who conceivably could fetch a ransom are high on their hit list . But in the Wild West that is Syria and its borders , few of these remain , save for aid workers . In a space devoid of government , refugee camps and aid agencies are frequently seen as the only authorities , the new front line in the war on terror , a sometimes unwelcome association . And as ISIS spreads beyond Syria 's borders , the risks grow further afield . Yet despite these risks , thousands of aid workers continue to work in a region where the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  estimates the number of refugees from conflict at more than 8 million . While some aid agencies rely on security personnel for protection , many are completely unarmed and are particularly vulnerable when in transit . Their security and locations for the most part are under constant review . When CNN approached a number of reputable aid agencies asking to speak to those who work or travel in the region about their experiences , and what drives them to remain despite an unprecedented threat level , many declined , in large part due to security concerns . For this reason , some of those mentioned below are wholly or partially anonymous . If I think back , I 've been doing this work for about 20 years , and I remember we used to have this sense that there was some sort of protection , some sort of ... humanitarian space ... it feels very much like that is shrinking ... our job is becoming much , much more difficult ; we 're asking people to put themselves in harm 's way in some circumstances . I mean , we do n't do that , but it 's not the exception any more . My family is not thrilled at all because what they see on the news is Westerners being kidnapped and beheaded ... when they worry , I worry about them and that does n't help me be in a good state of mind to do my work . I 'm very selective about where I say I go . I need to find ways to switch off and do silly things and not worry about the dire situation that 's here , not just the humanitarian situation but ... being responsible for the people I 'm responsible for in this region . I do n't think people see the human side so much ... innocent people who through no fault of their own have been forced to flee their home one , two , three times -- who do n't see a future for their children ... Someone has to be there to help and support and provide some sense of safety and security , and I mean that in the personal sense of a mother who , when she goes to sleep at night with her children , she knows she has a blanket to keep them warm and something to feed them the next day . Fear is always there in the back of everyone 's mind . We just need to continue what we 're doing , stopping is not an option , halting our operations is not an option , and we are taking great risks , our staff are taking great risks . It is a difficult thing to tell family , to tell colleagues . Oftentimes I just do n't mention all the details of where I go because they just do n't need to know . But it needs to be done , we also ca n't run an operation remotely . ... I 'm not going to the front lines , I 'm not going to where the conflict is actually hot ... we 're not adrenaline driven people . We want to be able to help the people and do our work and to do our work does entail taking some risks , but it 's about calculated risks . We do n't want to put ourselves directly in front of danger . If we say we give up on it for whatever reason -- security , morale , pressure from here , pressure from there -- no one else is going to come to take our place . There 's not going to be another organization that 's going to come and do more humanitarian aid and cover the gap that IOCC may create , that 's not going to happen . So that puts more responsibility on the shoulders of our staff and the shoulders of our organization ; we feel that responsibility that we 've got to deliver on this thing . Donate to IOCC There 's an internal motivation that keeps you going . You feel that there are populations and people that need aid and require assistance , and know it 's a choice that one makes and dedicate your life service . So yes , you need be of course strong , motivated , passionate , and of course feel the need to assist and deliver . It 's an unprecedented time , and what we 're calling the new normal ... as we 've seen in the last year , the complete radicalization of these spaces with extremist groups , who have a very hard view in terms of cooperation with neutral and humanitarian organizations such as ours ... we 're not the U.S. Army , we do n't have a physical ability to repel . There may be in people 's perceived minds there was a golden age of humanitarian acceptance : like if you were a charity and waved a white flag and drove a white car , you 'd be protected by bad guys and loved by the community . I think that golden age is more myth than reality , but regarding today 's reality it 's extremely dangerous it 's so true . And your flag , your neutrality , your white car , all the good intention you have , that recipe is very difficult in these complicated emergencies . There 's a phrase that the U.N. uses and a lot of NGOs use which is "  stay and deliver , " so we have a humanitarian imperative to be there , but we always have to be in a risk management role ; we have to critically look at : do the risks outweigh the benefits we hope to get ? The fear factor comes in just managing the emotional toll it takes with your family and friends , and that has more of a toll , I think , with individual staff members than actual external environment ... frankly , sometimes I do n't tell them till I 'm already on my way so I do n't have to have those calls before I even get on an airplane . It 's hard ; there are some areas where the family and friends do n't understand why you 're going there , and you re-articulate , "  If not you , then who ? " and you ask , "  Would you want this in your neighborhood next door where no one comes to help you if something bad happened ? " Donate to Mercy Corps For ways to donate to organizations working to help refugees from ISIS and from the conflict in that region , go to CNN.com / impact . CNN 's Betsy Anderson and Julia Chan contributed to this report .	Numerous aid workers remain in Syria despite dangers With a lack of government , more than 8 million refugees rely on aid agencies for food , shelter and medical care Many aid agencies have no means of armed defense against attack
CNN  -- Critics are already gushing over Steven Spielberg 's new "  Lincoln " as a potential Oscar contender . Much of the praise centers on how the film makes the larger-than-life president at once heroic and human . By all accounts , it deftly explores both his personal and political wisdom through scenes like the one in which Daniel Day Lewis , who plays Honest Abe , cites ancient mathematical theory in an assessment of humanity : "  It 's a self-evident truth that things that are equal to the same thing are equal to each other . " But even as moviegoers line up for tickets , some in Washington may well wonder what one special fan of Lincoln might take away from a screening . President Barack Obama is a self-professed , lifelong admirer of the 16th president , who is by many accounts the most popular and influential of all chief executives in American history . Holding Democratic ` blue wall ' was crucial for Obama victory Shortly before taking office in 2009 , the Obama family made an unannounced late night visit to the Lincoln Memorial and since , the 44th president has stopped by again . Mr. Obama took his oath on the same Bible Lincoln used for his inauguration in 1861 ; a small volume sheathed in stained red velvet with gilt edges . He has frequently been spotted reading about Lincoln and he 's fond of quoting the rail-splitter in his speeches , most notably during the recent Democratic National Convention . "  I 'm far more mindful of my own failings , " he told the convention crowd , "  knowing exactly what Lincoln meant when he said , ' I have been driven to my knees many times by the overwhelming conviction that I had no place else to go . ' " Some Lincolnophiles have since suggested he actually misquoted Lincoln in that instance , but the point remains : Obama is a big Lincoln fan . So what advice might Lincoln have for Obama as he heads toward a second term ? In the land of Lincoln , at Illinois Wesleyan University , Professor Robert Bray is one of the nation 's leading Lincoln scholars . He suggests that Lincoln Lesson One might be : Make your enemies into friends . Bray notes that Lincoln had an enormous talent for turning around even his fiercest opponents . "  He was able to keep his eye on the prize , " Bray says , "  which means he was able to disassociate himself from personal attacks . " No matter how cruelly his foes savaged him , Lincoln repeatedly rose above the fray , using humor and warmth to disarm his enemies and refocus everyone on the agenda at hand . Instances of his temper showing , Bray notes , were rare . Opinion : Election a call for purple politics Lincoln Lesson Two : Be firm , but play nice . Lincoln was no pushover . Despite his legendarily laconic style , Bray says Lincoln had a single-minded ability to steadily exert political pressure on others , inexorably pushing them toward the action he wanted , or rather he felt the nation needed . And yet , he did so in a way that left others feeling unthreatened . "  He could talk without anger , " Bray says . "  He could talk without heat to his political opponents . " Lincoln Lesson Three : Take the long view . Lincoln clearly saw the future in a way that many of his contemporaries could not . He imagined not merely the end of slavery , but also the repercussions that would follow for freed African Americans , southern citizens , and northerners as well . He knew resolution might take many years , and yet he tried to point the politics of the day in the proper direction . "  He believed firmly , I think , that if we put our heads to it and we put our wills to it , the American people could be that shining example of equality for the world , " Bray says . Bray is the first to say that there is so much more about Lincoln , noting the volumes of work about him . At Ford 's Theater , where Lincoln was assassinated , workers constructed a 34-foot tall tower of books to represent all the titles published about Lincoln ; more than 15,000 in all , according to their count . It is unlikely that Obama has read them all and it is not known when or if he 'll see the new Lincoln movie , but undoubtedly , Abe still has plenty of lessons for our times ... honestly .	New "  Lincoln " film offers opportunities , advice for Barack Obama Obama is avid admirer of the 16th president A professor offers three lessons for Obama from Lincoln
CNN  -- In the digital era , finding "  the One " often involves finding the one dating app that is best suited for an individual 's lifestyle . Research shows that as society becomes increasingly plugged in , attitudes have shifted positively toward finding love online . Web dating is no longer associated with recluses hiding behind a computer screen . In fact , one in 10 Americans has used an online dating site or app , according to a 2013 Pew Research report on online relationships . With that shift , online dating has branched beyond algorithm-based matches to highly specific sites that can focus on any particular niche  even farmers have their own dating site  . Wanted : A part-time lover Enter Siren , a dating app created for women by women that puts the ladies in the driver 's seat when it comes to shopping for an online connection . Women control who sees their image , who can communicate with them and what type of date to pursue . CEO Susie Lee and design director Katrina Hess created Siren based on the core principle that "  women needed to control visibility , " Lee said , meaning the users can give clear signals that they 're actually interested and comfortable talking to the suitor of their choice . As online dating options have grown , Lee noticed that her friends ' frustration did , too : With every good introduction often came a slew of lewd ones . "  I just started looking  at online dating options  and very quickly realized how many things are out there and how immediately my ` creepy meter ' went up , " Lee said . The subject has come to a head as users , particularly women , have started publicizing complaints of unsolicited sexual advances online . The 2013 Pew Research online dating report found that 28 % of online daters have been contacted "  in a way that made them feel harassed or uncomfortable , " with 42 % of female online daters experiencing this , compared with 17 % of men . This year , comedian and Cracked writer Alli Reed created the "  world 's worst dating profile " on OkCupid to see how terrible an attractive woman would have to be to stop indecent introductions . OkCupid set up bad dates in ` an experiment ' With snippets like "  I 'm really good at convincing people I 'm pregnant " and "  my parents think I 'm in law school so they pay all my bills " alongside a model 's photograph , she still managed to get her fair share of boorish messages . Artist Anna Gensler went so far as to draw artistic , nude interpretations of the off-color openers she received on Tinder and then sent them back to the sender . How Tinder picks your next match Lee says the app is not meant to be the counterpart to the "  He-Man Woman Hater 's Club " but instead a place for women to control their images -- whether because they are in a high-profile position or to simply ward off objectification . Lee likens the visibility functionality to a real-world interaction in which a woman makes eye contact or smiles as a signal of interest to a potential suitor . If the suitor ends up untoward , she can toggle her visibility in the same way she could decline conversation in a social setting . "  The reason is n't necessarily that they needed more power over men ; they needed to feel safe and have fun , " Lee said . Here 's how it works : When a user signs up for Siren , they 're prompted to take an in-app photo to ensure that "  you really look and are like your profile , " Lee said . Next , the user is prompted with an open-ended "  question of the day . " The female users will see all the men who responded that day ; if a woman likes a man 's take , she can either choose to make herself visible to him or save his profile to scope out future responses and get a broader sense of his personality . "  You 're trying to make strangers less strange , and in order to do that , you have to put something of yourself out there , " Lee said , adding that she hopes this gives a more complete , up-to-date personality portrait of a user than the typical profile list of likes and dislikes . On the flip side , a male user will see the female user 's answers without seeing a profile picture . If his interest is piqued , he can hit an option to notify Siren . The app acts as a third party , alerting the woman that a user liked her answer and inviting her to check him out . The woman can ultimately decide to make herself visible . In addition , there 's the namesake "  Siren " call : A woman can express what she wants in real time -- whether it 's drinks , a quick walk around the city or an activity hinted at with coy ellipses . "  Siren 's touchstones always reference what I discern works in real life , " Lee said . "  Give women the chance to send subtle cues of interest , men to show off a little of who they are , friends to recommend good men and people to make each other smile . " Siren is part of a growing trend of apps that aim to take control of the online lechery and worse : Hinge allows users to connect only with mutual friends and third-party connections on Facebook ; Willow users must answer questions before showing pictures ; Wyldfire allows female users to invite only the men who they would want in the dating pool . With Siren , there 's also a vouching component : Women can forward a man 's profile to friends for their opinion ; "  wingwomen " can sign on without a public profile so they can help their friends in their search . "  We 're cheering good men on in as many ways as we can , " Lee said . In beta testing , she says , some users submitted feedback that the functionality would be nice to have in other gender and sexuality groups , so they 're working on a version for the LBGTQ community , as well . The app will launch its public version this week and will initially focus on the Seattle area , where the startup is based , before expanding nationwide .	Siren is a new dating app created "  for women by women " The founders say the idea came about after friends ' complaints of lewd online exchanges Similar apps like Hinge , Wyldfire and Willow rely on other users ' vouching for potential suitors
Washington  CNN  -- Lone individuals are the most likely to launch attacks in the United States following the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to a joint Department of Homeland Security/FBI bulletin sent to state and local law enforcement . The advisory says lone offenders who share al Qaeda 's ideology are the greatest near-term threat because they are "  unburdened by organizational constraints that can slow operational decisions by established terrorist groups . " Individuals could try to attack low-security targets using simple improvised explosive devices or small arms , the message said . However , the May 9 advisory obtained by CNN notes that federal law enforcement officials have "  no credible information to suggest that a specifically targeted plot is underway . " The document cited the vow in the al Qaeda statement confirming the death of bin Laden which said "  the soldiers of Islam " would continue to plan attacks . The advisory also says over the past year , Inspire magazine -- published in English by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- and various jihadi spokesmen have said attacks by individuals "  can have a significant impact . " The notice mentions several attacks involving a single perpetrator , including the November 2009 Fort Hood attack that left 13 people dead . Army Major Nidal Hasan is accused in that shooting . Law enforcement officials have repeatedly warned that plots by lone wolves are the most difficult to detect and disrupt . But the DHS/FBI bulletin urges state and local law enforcement officials to be on the lookout for suspicious activity .	Plots by ` lone wolves ' are difficult to detect and disrupt , officials say An Army major is accused in the Fort Hood shooting that left 13 people dead There is no information suggesting a specific plot at this time , the advisory says
CNN  -- For 70 years , survivors of the December 7 , 1941 , attack on Pearl Harbor have captivated listeners with their firsthand accounts , recalling buddies who died in their arms or the glasses worn by a low-flying Japanese pilot . They have participated in solemn wreath-laying ceremonies and spoken to civic groups and school children about the infamous day and the need for the United States to remain vigilant . But the gradual loss of the World War II generation has accelerated , and this year , perhaps more than any before it , evidence of a tide change is inescapable . The Pearl Harbor Survivors Association , founded in 1958 , is dissolving December 31 . The passing of time , the difficulty in finding chapter officers and the health of its 2,700 members have taken their toll . "  We do n't like to see it happen , " said George Bennett , 87 , the organization 's national secretary and a Pearl Harbor survivor . "  But we do n't have young members coming in like other organizations . " Informal social and local activities will continue , he said . About 84,000 uniformed Americans were on Oahu that fateful day . Only an estimated 8,000 are alive today -- and they are in their late 80s and older . Children and grandchildren have stepped up to carry the flag of their forefathers . The Sons and Daughters of Pearl Harbor Survivors , with about 20 chapters , is helping to "  carry on the legacy left to us , " said national president Louella Large , whose father served at the U.S. Army 's Schofield Barracks during the attack . Large , like others , is concerned that most U.S. schoolchildren today know almost nothing about the surprise attack that pulverized battleships and aircraft stationed at Hawaii . Flying from aircraft carriers , Japanese pilots attacked eight battleships , destroying two , and left a trail of death and destruction across the verdant landscape . About 2,400 people , most of them in the military , were killed . The attack shook America 's confidence and ushered the country into World War II . About 120 Pearl Harbor survivors are registered to attend Wednesday morning 's annual memorial ceremony . Four military and four civilian survivors will be on panels at a symposium that concludes Monday . No Japanese military veterans of the attack are able to be on hand for ceremonies honoring U.S. dead at the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument . Perspectives at the symposiums , held every five years , are shifting . "  We were able in the past to  tell the story  through the mouths of those who saw it , " said Lisa Ontai , spokeswoman for Pacific Historic Parks , an organization that assists the National Park Service . "  Now , we are showing it through experts who studied it over the years . " Among others traveling to Hawaii are families of two servicemen who died in the past two years . Remains of Vernon Olsen , 91 , of Port Charlotte , Florida , will be interred Wednesday in the battleship USS Arizona , on which he served and where 1,117 sailors and Marines died in the attack . Those of Lee Soucy , 90 , of Plainview , Texas , will be carried Tuesday by a diver to the USS Utah , which also is entombed off Ford Island . "  I think it 's pretty awesome that we are getting to do this , " said daughter Mary McCormick . Soucy 's children also will spread ashes belonging to their father and mother , Peggy , at St. Andrew 's Episcopal Cathedral in Honolulu , where the pair were married in January 1945 . Peggy Soucy was a Navy nurse who met her future husband at Pearl Harbor . Memorial ceremonies , boat and bus tours are taking place this week on Oahu . Veterans and others will converge on current and former military installations , including Hickam Field , Pearl Harbor , Wheeler Army Airfield and the Marine Corps base at Kaneohe Bay . A Blu-ray version of the the 1970 film "  Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! " with extended footage , was to be shown Sunday evening at the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center , near the USS Arizona . Historians say the passage of time is allowing for a broader , more objective look at the attack . Research has provided new insights , particularly about the Japanese perspectives and source material on the attack . In recent years , interpretation also has shifted its focus "  from engagement to peace , " with recognition that both sides fought a "  savage war , " said Daniel A. Martinez , chief historian at the WWII Valor in the Pacific National Monument . ' I harbor no ill will ' McCormick , 65 , of Amarillo , Texas , told CNN her father 's enlistment was due to expire December 7 , 1941 . Soucy , a pharmacist 's mate on the USS Utah , would vividly recall a peaceful Sunday morning that quickly turned to terror , she said . "  He was looking out the port window and saw what he thought would be his last day there . He saw these planes coming in . He thought it must be the Marines because nobody else would be working on Sunday . " The Utah was quickly disabled . Soucy swam 200 yards to shore from the sinking vessel and was quickly recruited , because of his medical training , to help treat the injured . After the war , Soucy moved to Plainview , where he raised his family . He died in January 2010 ; his wife passed away this year . The family will take part in the sunset ceremony , accompanied by full military honors , Tuesday at the USS Utah memorial . U.S. Navy divers will help lower the remains inside the vessel . McCormick said her father spoke at previous symposiums and met Japanese pilots . "  He forgave , " McCormick said . "  On his Pearl Harbor Survivors garrison cap he had a button that read ` love not war ' written in Japanese . " Bennett , of Battle Ground , Washington , was a radio-trained 17-year-old seaman first class on December 7 , 1941 . He leaves Monday to make the trip to Hawaii , where he had been assigned to a squadron of PBY-3 aircraft at Ford Island . On the day of the attack , Bennett heard explosions , but thought it might be part of a U.S. military exercise or an accident . He then saw a Japanese plane flying low over barracks near the USS California . He and others worked to put out a fire on a hangar roof , but eventually were ordered to get down . "  Toward the end , the Japanese started to strafe us up there , " Bennett told CNN on Friday . "  We were trained to fight the Japanese , and the Japanese were trained to fight us , " Bennett said . "  It was the leaders in Japan who made this happen . That 's the way I look at it . I harbor no ill will toward the Japanese today . " Martinez and other staff members have recorded video interviews with many veterans , preserving their memories . "  They tell me stories they have n't told their families , " he said . Teaching your children In San Diego , Stu Hedley , 90 , said fewer Pearl Harbor survivors are available in Southern California to give talks to groups or schools . Sixteen members of his chapter have died this year alone . Hedley , the head of a local survivors chapter , will take part in a December 7 program in San Diego on the USS Midway carrier . A comrade will attend a ceremony at the Veterans Museum and Memorial Center . "  We 're all moving into our 90s and late 80s , " Hedley said of the disbanding of the national organization . "  It 's part of life . We have to accept it one day at a time . " More than 100 crew members on his ship , the USS West Virginia , were killed in the attack , he said . Hedley said he believes members of the U.S. government "  sold us out " in 1941 and made the attack possible . President Franklin D. Roosevelt wanted a "  war economy ... and his idea was to let them fire the first shot , " said the Navy veteran . These days , Hedley said , he gives two principal admonitions to students . "  My first warning to you is to stay in school . Do n't quit under any circumstances . " He recounted dropping out of high school in 1939 , three months before graduation . That kept him from becoming an officer . "  The other admonition is learn to live with one another , " he said . "  Regardless of race , creed , religion or whatever . " Hedley is concerned about how little many Americans know about Pearl Harbor . "  I 've had college students who have asked me what Pearl Harbor was , " he said . "  If you can find a paragraph  in California textbooks  about Pearl Harbor , you are doing good . " Large said the Sons and Daughters of Pearl Harbor Survivors safeguards stories of their parents . Her late father , Army Cpl. Harry M. Cross , was in an artillery unit at Schofield Barracks and got a close-up view of a Japanese pilot strafing U.S. troops . "  One of his buddies died in his arms , " said Large , 63 , of East Canton , Ohio . "  He said he had a hole in his chest where he could put his fist in . " Cross never was able to forgive the Japanese , Large said . She , however , supports moving forward and reconciliation . Large said the Sons and Daughters will take over a national scholarship the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association once managed and invite veterans to its 2012 convention . Pacific Historic Parks will publish a portion of the Gram , the survivors ' newsletter . Though Large is concerned about what young people know about Pearl Harbor and its role in bringing the United States into World War II , she has experienced good moments during her efforts to spread the word . Students have told her they learned more from one of her talks than from their lessons . Large recalled talking several years ago to a group of fifth-graders , her father at her side . "  Afterward , a young boy asked if he could shake his hand . He did so , " Large said . "  He said ` can I give you a hug ? ' Dad bent down and hugged him . The boy said , ' I wanted to thank you for protecting our freedom . ' "	Pearl Harbors Survivors Association formally disbands at end of month Another group , individuals are taking up the baton This year 's commemoration marks 70 years since Dec. 7 attacks on Oahu Cremated remains of two service members will be placed in ships at Pearl Harbor
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A stay of execution for a man scheduled to die by lethal injection Wednesday evening in Georgia has been upheld by the state 's Supreme Court . On Tuesday , a lower court delayed the execution of Marcus Ray Johnson , 46 , after new evidence in the case surfaced . Johnson 's lawyers had filed an emergency motion requesting a new trial and time to conduct DNA testing after evidence was recently produced by police in Albany , Georgia . Dougherty County Superior Court Judge Willie Lockette granted the stay , and set a hearing scheduled for February 1 , 2012 , on Johnson 's motion for additional testing . The Georgia Supreme Court agreed with the lower court in an unanimous ruling . Johnson was convicted and sentenced to death for the March 1994 rape and murder of Angela Sizemore in Albany , Georgia . Human rights group Amnesty International praised the stay , based on doubt raised about Johnson 's guilt and the emergence of evidence that had not yet been analyzed . "  Amnesty International hopes that this is a sign that there is greater concern in Georgia about the fallibility of the death penalty , especially on the heels of the outrageous and unnecessary execution of Troy Davis . " Georgia inmate Troy Davis died by lethal injection two weeks ago in a contentious case that traveled up to the U.S. Supreme Court . Davis ' supporters argued that his conviction for the 1989 murder of Mark MacPhail , an off-duty Savannah police officer , was based on the testimony of numerous witnesses who had recanted , including a jailhouse informer who claimed Davis had confessed . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Marcus Ray Johnson had been scheduled for execution in Georgia Wednesday evening A judge issued a stay of execution on Tuesday based on new evidence The Georgia Supreme Court upheld the stay , and Johnson will have a hearing in February
CNN  -- Well , that did n't last long . No sooner had speculation heated up that Disney was planning a "  Frozen " sequel , to be titled "  Strange Magic , " than the studio sent out a news release throwing cold water all over that theory . Turns out , "  Strange Magic " is the title of a new animated movie from Lucasfilm Ltd. . " ` Strange Magic ' is a madcap fairy tale musical inspired by ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream , ' " the statement says . "  Popular songs from the past six decades help tell the tale of a colorful cast of goblins , elves , fairies and imps , and their hilarious misadventures sparked by the battle over a powerful potion . " Days after just about every other child in America dressed like a character from the hit Disney film for Halloween , the Internet thought it had cracked the the case of the possible title for a "  Frozen 2 . " The film has grossed so much money  more than $ 1 billion  and become such a fixture in pop culture that there is little doubt that there will be a follow-up . Stitch Kingdom , a Disney fan site , posted a theory tied to the recent domain name acquisitions by the studio . "  Disney today registered several domain names that in no uncertain terms point to a film title -- Strange Magic , " the site reports . "  But the strangest bit of it all is that there appears to be little-to-no mention of it anywhere to be found on the interwebs -- at least if you 're not talking about the Electric Light Orchestra  ELO  song and really , for all we know , we just might be . " The site found a link to "  Frozen " in that the words "  strange magic " are referenced by both the Duke of Weselton and Grand Pabbie in the movie . A TV ad for the film includes the duke saying , "  Strange magic has frozen this land . " But alas , it has nothing to do with a "  Frozen " sequel . "  Strange Magic " is set to be released January 23 . It 's not like "  Frozen " fans wo n't have plenty else to keep them enthralled . Random House has announced that it will be publishing a Frozen book series targeted at young readers that will serve as a written sequel to the film . There is also "  Frozen Fever , " a short animated sequel due out in 2015 , and a Broadway musical based on the 2013 film .	NEW : "  Strange Magic " is not a "  Frozen " sequel , studio announces No official movie sequel has been announced One site noticed that Disney registered "  Strange Magic " domains
CNN  -- Mystery , moonlight and the sounds of bat wings flapping replace electricity and artificial sound during a night "  off the grid " in nature . Be it a safari through the endangered red wolf 's habitat or stargazing from the highest mountain range in the United States , nighttime is the right time for outdoor adventures in national wildlife refuges and national parks . Here are five places hosting nocturnal events from now through mid-December . Howling safari night hikes It is estimated that there are 110 to 120 red wolves left on Earth , according to the Red Wolf Recovery Program . The best chance to hear them is during Howling Safari night hikes at Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge in East Lake , North Carolina . When : The hikes are every Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. through the end of August . There are also hikes on October 12 , November 16 and December 7 . Be sure to check the website as the hike times change after August . Fall hikes offer the same red wolf program as Howling Safari hikes , and cooler temperatures and fall 's season increase wolf activity . Where : Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge is on the Outer Banks , about a 20 minute drive from Manteo on Roanoke Island and about a three hour drive from Raleigh . If you go : The hike costs $ 7 per person and children 11 and younger are free . Hikers should bring a flashlight and bug repellant and gather at the Creef Cut Wildlife Trail . The hikes last about two hours and pets are not allowed . For more information , call 252-216-9464 . Scorpion hunts Nights in the Nevada desert belong to scorpions and coyotes . Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge and Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge are hosting night hike scorpion hunts . When : Pahranagat 's night hike scorpion hunt is on September 7 at 8 p.m. and Moapa Valley 's is on September 14 at 8 p.m. Where : Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge is about an hour and a half north of Las Vegas , and Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge is about an hour northeast of Las Vegas . If you go : RSVPs must be made to Timothy_Parker@fws.gov . There is no cost to attend , and all ages are welcome . Staff will provide ultraviolet flashlights to search for scorpions . Rocky Mountain stargazing With the ongoing discoveries of new stars , planets and constellations , Rocky Mountain National Park 's 7,000-feet and higher elevations make it one of the best places in the Western Hemisphere for weekend warrior astronomers to stargaze . When : There are program options for people staying near the east and west side of the park , which are a about two hours apart . "  Astronomy in the Park " and "  Celestial Wilderness " are similar events . Park rangers and local astronomers conduct a 30-minute program followed by sky-viewing . "  Astronomy in the Park " takes place on the east side . It starts at 8 p.m. on August 9 and 30 at the end of Upper Beaver Meadows Road . "  Celestial Wilderness " takes place on the west side of the park . It starts at 8:45 p.m. on August 3 and 10 at the Harbison Meadow parking area . "  Stories behind the Moon and Stars " starts at 8 p.m. August 2 and 18 at the Estes Park Memorial Observatory , 1600 Manford Avenue . Guests can learn about the constellations , tour the Milky Way and gaze at the moon against a backdrop of local storytelling . Where : The east entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park is about an hour and 15 minutes west of Fort Collins and two hours northwest of Denver . Estes Park Memorial Observatory is about 15 minutes east of Rocky Mountain National Park . If you go : The programs are free , but park admission is $ 20 per vehicle . The pass is valid for seven days . Visitors are encouraged to dress in warm clothes , bring a flashlight and binoculars . For more information , call 970-586-1206 . Full-moon hiking Bryce Canyon National Park is home to hoodoos , those oddly shaped rock formations created by millions of years of erosion . The vistas are beautiful during the day , but the park also offers the chance to view them under the expanse of a Western night sky during full-moon hikes . When : Hikes are scheduled each month now through December . Admission to the park is $ 25 per vehicle and $ 12 for individuals  bicycles , motorcycles and hikers  and is valid for seven days . Tickets for the hikes are free and distributed on a first-come , first-served basis . In-person sign-up begins at 8 a.m.  the line starts forming at 7 a.m.  at the visitor center on the day of the hike . Attendance is capped at 30 people per hike . Where : Bryce Canyon National Park is in south-central Utah . The closest cities with major airports are Provo , about a three and a half-hour drive , and Las Vegas , Nevada , about four hours . While you 're in the area , check out Zion National Park , which is less than two hours southwest ; Grand Canyon National Park , which is five hours southwest . And Canyonlands National Park , which is five hours northeast . If you go : The hikes are between one and two miles . Lug traction footwear is required and must be presented when signing up for tickets . Waterproof hiking boots are required during the winter . Also be sure to bring drinking water and a jacket . Flashlights are not allowed . Rangers may allow flash photography with certain restrictions . Children 5 or younger are not permitted . Bat watching The cave at Carlsbad Caverns National Park is a part-time home to Brazilian free-tailed bats . The bats swirl out of the cave just before dusk to hunt and return gorged with food before dawn . The park hosts nightly bat watches in the Bat Flight Amphitheater . Before the bats fly , park rangers give an interpretative program explaining why bats use the cave as a place to raise pups . When : Programs take place between mid-April and late October , depending on when the bats migrate to and from Mexico . Carlsbad Caverns ' bat population varies , but the best times to view them are generally in July and August . Where : Carlsbad Caverns National Park is in the southeast corner of New Mexico , about a two and a half hour drive east of El Paso , Texas , and two hours south of Roswell . The programs are held at the Bat Flight Amphitheater , which is in front of the Carlsbad Cavern opening . Start times vary with changing daylight times in the spring , summer and early fall . Call the Bat Flight information line 575-785-3012 for updates on start times . There is no cost to attend . If you go : There is wheelchair access to the amphitheater . Use of cameras , including video and cell phones , is prohibited as the flashes and sounds can disturb these wild animals . Pets are not allowed .	Night events are scheduled in national parks and wildlife refuges through December Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge is home to endangered red wolves Scorpions glow under ultraviolet light because of proteins in their exoskeletons Colonies of bats exit the Carlsbad Caverns caves together every evening to hunt
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In a bustling room full of computers , giant wall-mounted monitors and constantly ringing telephones , a newly gathered army is fighting a war . The swine flu outbreak has kept workers busy at the Emergency Operations Center at the CDC . . The control room is staffed 24/7 , and the leader recently had to tell his fighters to make sure to take a day off per week . This is the Emergency Operations Center at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which has ramped up its resources to tackle swine flu , a new disease that experts say may evolve into a global pandemic . "  The last time when we were really at this level was Hurricane Katrina , " said Toby Crafton , operations manager . The CDC has 400 people tasked to work on the virus , also called the 2009 H1N1 flu , Crafton said . The agency had deployed 50 people to various U.S. states and Mexico by Friday . The Mexican government asked the CDC to help facilitate laboratory testing of the virus during a conference call with Canada and the United States , he said . Watch as Dr. Sanjay Gupta tours the Emergency Operations Center " "  We do n't go anywhere unilaterally . We do n't go into any state unless asked , " Crafton said . "  So if the state health department or the state health director or the government feels like their capacity is exceeded or they need us for our scientific expertise , they will ask us to come . " Explainer : What you should know about 2009 H1N1 flu " The U.S. has also committed to giving Mexico 400,000 doses of the antiviral drug Tamiflu , a shipment believed to have arrived Friday morning , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director for science and public health at the CDC . In front of each computer in the Emergency Operations Center is a placard : Ethics , Immunization , Mental Health , Security , and dozens more . The people -- some in jeans , some in skirts , some in uniforms with military stripes -- are fielding phones calls to their respective departments . Elsewhere in laboratories , samples of the virus arrive in FedEx and World Courier packages for analysis , triple packaged to avoid leaking . Scientists are working on the genetic sequencing of the virus , as well as growing a strain that functions as a vaccine . Although the CDC is not in the business of mass-producing vaccines , researchers there are working on developing one . A vaccine strain is being grown and characterized , Schuchat said . Once a suitable candidate virus is developed -- it takes about three weeks -- the CDC theoretically would send it to a manufacturer , which would need another eight to 10 weeks to determine production possibilities as well as the dosage , said Dr. Nancy Cox , director of the CDC 's Influenza Division , at a press conference Friday . But it would not interfere with the seasonal influenza vaccine . "  If a vaccine for this new virus is prepared , it would be prepared either in parallel with or after the seasonal vaccine is already produced , " Cox said . Still , there has not been a recommendation to mass produce a vaccine for swine flu . The U.S. part of that decision would come from the Department of Health and Human Services . Map : Where the flu is " Researchers are still struggling to understand the origin of the virus . "  What is n't making sense right now is why there were n't reports of illness in pigs , " said Michael Shaw , leader of the laboratory team force for the 2009 H1N1 virus . "  Usually , if you find a human who has been infected by a swine influenza virus , you look around , you start seeing sick pigs , and we have n't seen that . " Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta talk with Michael Shaw about what CDC is doing to combat virus " It is possible that the virus did not originate in pigs . Swine viruses have been found in turkeys , for example , Shaw said . The 2009 H1N1 virus has a "  level 2 " containment distinction at the CDC , although extra precautions from "  level 3 " are being applied , Shaw said . That means swine flu is one containment level below avian flu , which was at 3 . One key handling difference is that lab workers had to shower after being exposed to the avian virus , he said . Back in the Emergency Operations Center , computer screens glow with e-mails , maps , databases , slides and articles related to the new flu strain . "  We 're going to continue to be vigilant and continue to work as hard as we can until it 's over , " Crafton said .	CDC has 400 people tasked to track and fight the 2009 H1N1 flu virus Emergency Operations Center in Atlanta , Georgia , operates 24/7 Researchers still struggling to understand the origin of the virus
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Haitians have to be in the driver 's seat as they try to rebuild their shattered country after last week 's devastating earthquake , the head of the International Monetary Fund told CNN Friday . "  We can provide resources , but there must be ownership by the Haitians themselves and especially by the Haitian authorities , " Dominique Strauss-Kahn said during an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Repeating his call for some kind of Marshall Plan like the one that rebuilt Western Europe after World War II , Strauss-Kahn said , "  We need to have the entire international community working together -- I call it a Marshall Plan . " His comments came three days before an international donors ' conference in Montreal , Canada , that will raise money for Haiti and look at long-term prospects for recovery . Full coverage | Twitter updates "  I hope that the decision can be made not only to help for the immediate needs , but to help for the long term , and rebuild the Haitian economy , " Strauss-Kahn said . "  We can not just deal with some piecemeal thing , saying we 're going to provide some resources here , some other resources here , " he added . "  It has to be a comprehensive plan , and I think that the Haitian authorities agree with this view . " Jeffrey Sachs , a special adviser to the U.N. secretary-general and head of Columbia University 's Earth Institute , strongly supported Strauss-Kahn 's view . Sachs said Haiti needs a sustained international effort coordinated not by the U.S. government but by an organization such as the Inter-American Development Bank . "  I would not subcontract to a lot of businesses the way we 've done in Afghanistan and Iraq , " he said , "  because we 'll never see the money again . " iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? A journalist who has spent decades covering Haiti , Mark Danner , expressed concern about the way the international aid effort may be handled . "  We should be a bit skeptical about the history of development and development organizations in Haiti , " he said . "  If this rebuilding is going to be successful , it has to be done by Haitians . It has to put money in the hands of Haitians and not just the Haitian elite . " The question , Danner said , "  is how you free the people from the grip of what has been , at least historically , quite a debilitating government and unleash the entrepreneurial energies of the people of Haiti . " One of Haiti 's most acclaimed novelists and poets , Lyonel Trouillot , agreed . Impact Your World He said Haiti is not a failed state or a failed country . "  We need money . We need technology . We need support . But what we most need is to remain the ones who decide our own future , " he said . "  It is time for us to come together and improve , stop thinking about only the few rich and think about the whole country , " he added . Sachs said it is vital not to waste any time rebuilding . "  We should n't see this as people going into tent cities and then living there as displaced populations for months or years . That would be a disaster and tragedy , " he said . "  We need to start on the recovery and development effort within weeks . "	Head of IMF tells CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that a Marshall Plan for Haiti is needed Global leaders emphasize need for long-term , comprehensive plan Skeptics are concerned that only Haiti 's elite will benefit Haitians say they must play a central role in rebuilding decisions
CNN  -- European football 's governing body fined Germany 's national soccer body â ‚ ¬ 25,000  $ 31,000  Tuesday over what witnesses say was the display of neo-Nazi symbols by German fans at a Euro 2012 match . The "  improper conduct of supporters " occurred when Germany beat Denmark 2-1 in a Group B match in the Ukrainian city of Lviv on June 17 , UEFA said . The anti-discrimination organization FARE stated on its official Twitter page : "  FARE can confirm that one of our observers reported a neo-Nazi banner in the German section at the match v. Denmark in Lviv on Sunday . " German newspaper Taz also highlighted the wearing of neo-Nazi symbols by fans . After the game , UEFA said it was investigating "  the setting-off of fireworks and the improper conduct of supporters  display of inappropriate banners and symbols , and inappropriate chanting  . " The German Football Association has a day in which to lodge an appeal . Germany is not the only nation to face scrutiny from UEFA over the actions of its supporters at the Euro 2012 tournament , which is being jointly hosted by Ukraine and Poland . New investigations were opened Tuesday into Russia and Spain after alleged racist behavior and chanting by fans . UEFA 's disciplinary body is due to report back on Thursday . Russia and Croatia have already been fined tens of thousands of euros for poor behavior by their supporters .	Germany is fined over the "  improper conduct of supporters " at one of its soccer games An anti-discrimination group says one of its observers saw a neo-Nazi banner Other teams have also been fined for racist behavior by their fans at Euro 2012
CNN  -- As you step closer to the artwork , it 's as if you 're venturing into a crimson-hued dreamscape , a psychedelic realm immersed in feverish landscapes and eerie sounds . Yet , this is no dream . Using a special and discontinued technology , which registers an invisible spectrum of infrared light , Irish artist and photographer Richard Mosse has captured beautiful and challenging imagery of people and landscapes in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo . Designed by the U.S. military in the 1940s for camouflage detection , the Kodak Aerochrome film renders the landscape in an unexpected light , turning shades of lush green into dramatic pinks and glowing reds . The result is both spectacular and shocking : Rolling hills appear dotted with candy-coated trees ; river valleys are covered with pink savannah grasses ; gun-holding soldiers , clad in purple uniforms , stroll under darkened skies . Set against the horrors of eastern DRC 's humanitarian disaster , where more than five million people have died due to war-related causes since 1998 , Mosse 's surreal palette presents an alternative view of the region 's complex situation . Read this : Why the world ignores Congo conflict It 's this juxtaposition of alluring panoramas and defiant militia , of haunting beauty and unsettling violence , that forces viewers to pause and think . "  The idea was to use this medium to see into the unseen , to reveal the hidden and make visible the invisible of this forgotten conflict , " says Mosse , 33 . "  That works really on a very simple level through the color palette , " he adds . "  The pink is so surprising and shocking and unnatural that really makes people stop . " Mosse first used infrared film in his highly praised 2011 photographic series "  Infra , " also about eastern DRC . He now takes that project a step further with "  The Enclave , " a multimedia installation that opened last weekend at the Irish Pavilion of the Venice Biennale in Italy . "  The Enclave " is centred on a six-screen projection of a nearly 40-minute documentary , shot on 16mm infrared film . Throughout large parts of last year , Mosse traveled across eastern DRC with cinematographer Trevor Tweeten and composer Ben Frost . Embedded with armed militia , they captured video , stills and audio to create a powerful installation about the region 's rebel groups and their surrounding communities . "  There 's no plot , there 's no narrator , there 's no dialogue -- it 's very much a video art piece , " says Mosse , who first travelled to eastern DRC in 2010 . Read this - War reporter : ` My camera is my weapon ' "  Throughout , the camera it 's very much a documentary work , " says Mosse . "  It is unscripted ; we just really go into the warzone and it comes to us . We ca n't really make things up ; it 's really what we had the luck to capture and what we turned our sights on . " Mosse says that at the heart of the project is an effort to bring "  two counter-worlds into collision : art 's potential to represent narratives so painful that they exist beyond language , and photography 's capacity to document specific tragedies and communicate them to the world . " "  The Enclave " is exhibited at Fondaco Marcello in Venice until November 24 .	Artist Richard Mosse has taken infrared images of eastern Congo His artwork shows rolling landscapes and heavily armed militia His latest work , "  The Enclave , " is a multimedia installation blending stills , video and audio It opened last weekend at the Venice Biennale in Italy
When Quentin Tarantino 's western revenge-fantasy "  Django Unchained " was first announced , casting rumors pegged Will Smith as the titular slave-turned-vigilante . But Smith , who teams with his son Jaden in this summer 's sci-fi epic "  After Earth , " tells EW that he turned down the part because his character would 've been second fiddle to the bounty hunter  played by Christoph Waltz  who teaches Django his trade . Quentin Tarantino 's ` Playboy ' interview reveals who almost starred in ` Django Unchained ' "  Django was n't the lead , so it was like , I need to be the lead . The other character was the lead ! " says the "  Men in Black " star , whose departure opened the door for Jamie Foxx to play the role . Smith says that before he left the project , he even pleaded with Tarantino to let Django have a more central role in the story . ` After Earth ' viral teaser sets up the world of Will and Jaden Smith 's sci-fi adventure "  I was like , ` No , Quentin , please , I need to kill the bad guy ! ' "  Ironically , Waltz was considered a supporting actor during his Oscar-winning award season , while Jamie Foxx was promoted as the movie 's lead . But no hard feelings : Smith was a big fan of the final product . "  I thought it was brilliant , " he says . "  Just not for me . " See the original story at EW.com .	Will Smith turned down ` Django Unchained ' because the role was secondary Smith says he asked director/writer Quentin Tarantino to change the role In the end , he thought ` Django ' was brilliant , just not for him
CNN  -- Denied a proper buildup to the Australian Open for the second year in a row , Maria Sharapova has taken out her injury frustrations on some of the host country 's most promising young male tennis players . The planet 's highest-paid female athlete will line up in Melbourne for the 10th time next week , confident she has overcome the neck problem that ruled her out of the Brisbane International earlier this month . The world No. 2 , who was hampered by an ankle injury before going on to lose last year 's final , will play 105th-ranked fellow Russian Olga Puchkova in her opening match . "  I would have loved to come in with a few matches , but sometimes circumstances do n't allow that , " she told reporters on Saturday , having earlier presented the global launch of her new candy line "  Sugarpova . " "  To me I 'd rather be going on to the court knowing that I 'm healthy . Yes , I might be a little bit rusty , but I 'll work my way through it . I 'm experienced enough to know the adjustments I have to make in those types of circumstances . I went to Brisbane . I certainly would have loved to step on court and play those matches . " Instead the 25-year-old , who won the season 's opening grand slam in 2008 , got into shape with matches against male opposition . "  I think one of them got a wildcard in the main draw , " Sharapova said . "  One of them was really on top and then I got really mad . I think he had eight set-points and I ended up winning the set . "  I 'm not going to tell who it is -- too embarrassed . I do n't think he slept well after that one . "  Another one , I think it was Luke Saville , we did n't actually finish . The set took too long . " Defending champion Victoria Azarenka and third-ranked Serena Williams will be among Sharapova 's main opposition as she seeks to win her fifth grand slam title , having completed the set at last year 's French Open . Olympic champion Williams has won the last two grand slams , at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open , and beat Sharapova in the final of the season-ending WTA Championships in Turkey . The American , who has won the Australian Open five times , downplayed suggestions that she could win all four grand slams this year and take her total to 19 -- which would put the 31-year-old equal third on the alltime list . "  That 's an incredible goal . It has n't been done since the '80s , " said Williams , who will start against 106th-ranked Romanian Edina Gallovits-Hall in top form following her title in Brisbane . "  I do n't know if I can do it . Maybe someone else can . We 'll see . " Azarenka pulled out of her Brisbane semi against Williams after needing toe surgery to fix a botched pedicure , but she is hoping to build on the self-belief she gained from winning her maiden grand slam 12 months ago . "  It definitely helped to bring a lot of inner confidence in myself , knowing that I can do it , " said the 23-year-old , who will play 54th-ranked Romanian Monica Niculescu . "  That feeling that I had was incredible . Since then , I want to feel it again . This is what motivates me even more every day . It 's amazing , when you achieve your dream , your goal , how much more motivated you are after that . " Fourth-ranked Agnieszka Radwanska sent out a warning to the top three by thrashing Dominika Cibulkova 6-0 6-0 in Friday 's final of the Sydney International . It was the first "  double bagel " in a WTA Tour final since 2006 as Cibulkova was unable to repeat the form that had eliminated top-10 players Petra Kvitova , Sara Errani and Angelique Kerber earlier in the tournament . Radwanska is now unbeaten in nine matches in 2013 , with the Pole having also won the event in Auckland , New Zealand last weekend -- her 11th WTA Tour title . Meanwhile , Bernard Tomic boosted his hopes of a strong performance in his home grand slam by winning the men 's title in Sydney -- his first on the ATP Tour . The 20-year-old , who had a disappointing 2012 season , will return to the top 50 following Saturday 's 6-3 6-7  2-7  6-3 victory over 36th-ranked South African Kevin Anderson . He also beat world No. 1 Novak Djokovic as he won all three singles matches at the Hopman Cup mxed teams warmup event in Perth earlier this month . "  Now that I know what it feels like to win a tournament and it 's the best feeling in the world , " Tomic said . "  I 'm looking forward to Melbourne . I feel unstoppable . " Veteran Australian Lleyton Hewitt is also in form ahead of Melbourne , having won the Kooyong Classic exhibition . The former world No. 1 beat world No. 7 Juan Martin del Potro on Saturday , having earlier defeated sixth-ranked Tomas Berdych and No. 15 Milos Raonic . Now back up to 82nd in the rankings after falling out of the top 200 , the 2005 Australian Open runner-up will play ninth-ranked Janko Tipsarevic in his opening match . "  I 'm extremely happy with how I 'm hitting the ball at the moment , and a lot of the pressure 's on him , " Hewitt said of the Serbian , who has suffered wrist problems since winning the Chennai Open in India this month .	Maria Sharapova says she is fit for the start of the Australian Open next week World No. 2 trains against Australian boys after pulling out of Brisbane tournament She will be one of the favorites in Melbourne with Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka Australian men 's hopes Bernard Tomic and Lleyton Hewitt win warmup events
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe enjoys one of the highest popularity ratings of any leader in South America , so much that his supporters are pushing for a third presidential term for him . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe has not said whether he would be willing to run for a third term . But the constitution would have to be changed to allow that , and recent global issues have even some supporters questioning whether Uribe should be allowed to seek that extra time in office . "  When the president was first re-elected in 2006 , the economy was thriving , and the president benefited from its success , " said Carlos Lemoine , a political consultant . "  Now , the economy is in a very different situation . " Five million Colombians might disagree . They have signed petitions asking for a constitutional referendum that would grant Uribe the chance to run again . That could happen in 2010 or , if he sat out a term , in 2014 . The nation 's Congress is debating the referendum , and not all lawmakers are convinced it 's a good idea . "  Another re-election is not good for Colombia , because it would concentrate the power of government on the president , " said David Luna , a member of Colombia 's Chamber of Representatives , the lower house of Congress . Added representative German Olano , "  In 2001 , voters agreed Alvaro Uribe was the most qualified person for the job . But , like any other democracy , there are plenty of capable people for the job . And those people should get their chance . " The third-term argument in Colombia mirrors to a large degree the situation in rival Venezuela , where President Hugo Chavez announced last month that he will press for a constitutional amendment to enable him to seek re-election in order to govern until 2021 . Observers say the efforts to expand presidential terms reflect a historical shift in South America . "  Historically , those countries did not have re-election . The president could serve one term , and that was it , " said Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . "  There would be military coups , with the military ousting one civilian ruler to put in another civilian ruler . Then in the 1970s , the coups changed . The military seized power and held it and did n't turn authority over to civilians . So one country after another revised their constitutions to allow standing for re-election , " Birns said . "  We now have a situation where ruling parties want to stay in power , but for different reasons . In the case of Colombia and Uribe , it is law and order . For Chavez in Venezuela , it is extending his vision , getting more time to institutionalize that vision , " Birns said . In Colombia , there is also talk of "  vision " among congressional supporters of a third term for Uribe . "  I believe President Uribe 's success requires us to consider the -LSB- constitutional -RSB- referendum and grant it , so that we can continue his vision of long-term stability , " Chamber of Representatives member Nicolas Uribe said . But former Colombian President Andres Pastrana believes that it is time for a change , and changing the constitution to allow for a third term is not the change he means . "  I think that changing the constitution for someone 's personal gain is against our democratic principles , and it would be a grave mistake for this country , " he said . That is a risk that supporters of the referendum are willing to take . "  It is not going to weaken our democracy , " supporter Luis Guillermo Giraldo said . "  Just look at Margaret Thatcher , who governed for 11 years , or Tony Blair for 10 , " he said , referring to two former British prime ministers . As the debate goes on in Colombia , Uribe is not saying whether he wants another term in office . And opponents are arguing that it would not be worth spending an estimated $ 57 million on a referendum to find out whether he should even be allowed to be a candidate .	5 million Colombians signed petitions seeking constitutional referendum Some say others deserve chance to run for president Supporters speak of giving Alvaro Uribe a chance to continue "  vision "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday signed the most sweeping overhaul of America 's food safety system since 1938 . The legislation gives the federal Food and Drug Administration the authority to impose new rules to prevent contamination and allows the agency to order , rather than simply suggest , the recall of tainted foods . It also authorizes the creation of a food tracking system to quickly pinpoint the source of outbreaks . The legislation requires producers to assess ways in which their products could be contaminated and to take steps to prevent such problems . It also requires importers to verify the safety of all foods they bring into the country . The result will be a fundamental shift in the FDA 's approach to food safety from reacting to foodborne illness outbreaks to preventing contamination in the first place , agency Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a telephone briefing on the bill Monday that the legislation will give the FDA power for the first tiime to require proven , science-based policies that will reduce contamination of food grown and produced both in the United States and abroad . Most food safety experts agree that the legislation will ultimately make breakfast , lunch and dinner safer for Americans . But the most immediate impact may be higher food prices , said Craig Hedberg , a professor of environmental health sciences at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health . "  In the near term , we may see some of the cost of implementing this bill passed on to consumers , " he said . That may be the most tangible aspect of the legislation for most people , Hedberg said . While the legislation will help improve safety practices , most of its work will be invisible to consumers , who likely will notice few changes in food packaging or retailing , Hedberg said . "  I think it will mostly be operating behind the scenes , " Hedberg said . "  And if it stays behind the scenes , that may be a good thing . " Any impacts consumers might notice are likely to be felt no sooner than three years from now , Hedburg predicted , when FDA regulators finish writing rules required by the legislation and begin implementing them . And that is only if the FDA gets the money needed to implement the bill 's many provisions from a divided Congress already set to argue over reducing the ballooning federal budget deficit . The Congressional Budget Office estimated the bill 's provision would increase net government spending on food safety by $ 1.4 billion over five years . Hamburg told reporters Monday that she is optimistic Congress will provide the necessary resources to implement the bill 's key provisions . Here 's what to eventually expect from the new bill : -- Swifter food recalls . Under the bill , the FDA will have to give companies a chance to recall an unsafe food , but if they refuse to act , the agency will be allowed to issue a recall on its own . Most food producers work well with the FDA , eager to protect the public and their own brands , Hamburg told reporters Monday . But there have been some instances where regulators had to apply pressure from states or even the courts to get companies to agree to a recall , she said . The new power to issue direct recalls will eliminate those problems , she said . The legislation also makes it easier for regulators to stop potentially tainted foods from moving through distribution channels or even shut down a food processing facility that 's the suspected source of contaminated food , according to the FDA . The agency will also be required to improve its ability to track food as it moves around the supply chain , making it easier to trace an outbreak back to its source . -- More information . The legislation requires the FDA to create a searchable database on its website naming each product under recall and the status of the recall . -- More food inspections . The bill requires the FDA to inspect high-risk food processing facilities at least once in the next five years and every three years after that . The FDA also is required to inspect 600 overseas facilities in the next year , and double the number of those inspections annually for the next five years . The legislation requires all imported foods to meet FDA food-safety standards . About 15 percent of the U.S. food supply , including 60 percent of fresh fruits and vegetables and 80 percent of seafood , is imported , according to the FDA . -- Greater responsibility for food producers . The bill requires producers to evaluate hazards to their products posed by people , animals and the environment , create measures to prevent contamination and to develop written food safety plans . It also requires the FDA to develop scientific standards for producers to use in the safe production and harvesting of fruits and vegetables . Advocates argued the legislation , pushed through in the waning days of a lame duck Congress in December , was much needed to protect the food supply against intentional tampering and reduce the incidence of foodborne illness . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated recently that one out of every six Americans gets sick from foodborne illnesses each year , and 3,000 die . Some consumer and food safety advocates have argued the legislation does not give the FDA enough enforcement authority , such as the ability to file criminal charges against procuders who knowingly distribute contaminated products . But most experts support the new legislation . "  Everyone who eats will benefit from this historic legislation , " Michael Jacobson , executive director of Center for Science in the Public Interest , said in a statement following congressional approval of the legislation in December . "  FDA will have new tools to help ensure that America 's food supply is safer , causing fewer illnesses and deaths . " The bill is widely considered to be the most significant overhaul in U.S. government oversight of the food supply since the 1938 passage of the Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act . That legislation established authority for government inspection of food processing facilities and authorized standards for food quality , labeling and food additives . Among other things , It 's also the law that gives most food colorings their name . Its approval was spurred by a 1937 crisis in which 107 people died from ingesting a medical ingredient , according to the FDA . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Tom Cohen and Saundra Young contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama signs the food safety bill The bill allows for greater governmental regulation of the U.S. food system The Food and Drug Administration will be able to issue direct recalls of foods The bill includes the biggest overhaul of the food safety system since 1938
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Supreme Court has ordered Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to face a contempt of court hearing this week , officials said , setting up a potential showdown between the nation 's judicial and political leaders . The Pakistani leader responded Monday night by saying he has "  always respected the courts , and I will present before the court . " At the same time , he pushed back against the military and the judiciary branch in the name of "  democracy . " "  The army and the judiciary , they both have to protect democracy in Pakistan , " Gilani said in a televised speech Monday night . "  They ca n't remove democracy . They ca n't pack up the system . " The notice was issued for the government 's failure to reopen thousands of corruption cases against politicians and bureaucrats , including President Asif Ali Zardari . "  Ultimately it 's the prime minister who is responsible for carrying out the court 's order and he has not . I think the court has lost its patience , " said Ahmad Bilal Mehboob , the head of the Islamabad-based political think tank the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency . The court has not found Gilani in contempt or convicted him of a crime . But if he is convicted , the court could disqualify Gilani as a member of Parliament , which would make him ineligible to be prime minister , Mehboob said . The court ordered Gilani to appear in person before the court Thursday , where he will have an opportunity to defend himself . Even before Gilani 's speech , Pakistan 's government said the prime minister would comply with the order . "  The history of our party is filled with sacrifices , and we are ready for it again . We have accepted all of the court 's decisions , " Information Minister Firdous Ashiq Awan said . It will likely "  take a while " before the court rules , Mehboob said . News of the notice of contempt came hours before Pakistani lawmakers voted Monday on a resolution supporting the country 's democratic system after weeks of public speculation and political intrigue about the possibility of a coup in the volatile nation . That resolution supporting "  the democratic system " and parliament was passed , Gilani said in his speech Monday night . At the same time , a panel appointed by the Supreme Court is holding a hearing on a scandal over an anonymous memo that has severely strained relations between military and civilian authorities . The controversial , unsigned memo was allegedly drafted by the civilian leadership and asked the United States to help rein in the military . The so-called "  memogate " scandal has unleashed waves of political intrigue in recent weeks . Local media have described a government on a collision course with its own army . Last month , Gilani spoke provocatively of plots to topple the government . Later , he accepted an army statement pledging support for the democratic process . Last week , tensions spiked after he fired his defense secretary . The move came after Pakistan 's military issued a statement warning of "  grievous consequences " after a Gilani interview in The People 's Daily Online of China . In it , the military said , Gilani accused the army 's chief of staff and the head of the Inter-Services Intelligence spy agency of violating the constitution . Leaders appeared to be making an effort to ease tensions over the weekend , with several high-profile meetings between civilian and military officials . Government officials and members of Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party defended the prime minister Monday . "  The prime minister is not in jeopardy , " said Seyed Abid Ali Shah , a lawmaker representing the Pakistan Peoples Party . Federal Law Minister Maula Bakhsh Chandio told reporters in Islamabad that Gilani would remain in his post . "  All the conspiracies against the government will fail and all the analysis will prove incorrect , " he said .	NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister says that he will appear in court Thursday NEW : He pushes back , saying the "  army and the judiciary  must  protect democracy " Yousuf Raza Gilani could be disqualified as prime minister if he is convicted Judges accuse Gilani of failing to pursue corruption cases
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the World Athletics Championships for the first time , the sport 's president Lamine Diack told CNN . South Africa became the first nation from the continent to stage football 's World Cup last year , while Cape Town finished third in the bidding for the 2004 Olympic Games . The nine-day athletics showpiece lays claim to being the third biggest sporting event on the planet behind those two competitions , but requires significantly less investment in infrastructure for the host nation . "  I think you could have a good bid from Africa in 2019 , 2021 , " said IAAF chief Diack , who is from Senegal . "  I think that there is a country and an African city that can organize it . "  But you must plan the development of your city because in order to have all this investment , you need to have the facilities . " While a successful Olympic bid , such as London 2012 , requires a large stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies alone , a world championships can be run on a smaller scale . "  London had Wembley . It 's probably easy to do at Wembley and not to build a new stadium , but they wanted to develop this area of London . They can do that , " Diack said . "  I think if you have a vision of development in your city , athletics can do that , the Olympics can be the way . "  The world championships are easier . You need a good stadium , good facilities -- they have these in many African countries , but you need the willingness of the government to say , ` I 'm going to put in $ 50 million . ' " London has also won the right to host the 2017 world championships , beating a big-money bid from Qatar which -- on top of the $ 8 million prize fund -- offered a reported $ 33 million in sponsorships of the IAAF 's competitions , awards dinners and development programs . The UK capital made a late move by matching the prize purse , but Diack said concerns over the legacy of its new Olympic stadium were forefront in the decision process . "  I think they picked London because , as you know , we had a very big fight to have this stadium stay in London , " the 78-year-old said . "  It 's a pity that for the Olympics , we build a stadium with 100,000 seats for an opening and closing ceremony and for athletics and , at the end , say , ` We 'll destroy it . ' And certainly , I feel that Britain is a very great nation of athletics . " The bidding process for football 's 2018 and 2022 World Cups , won by Russia and Qatar , came under great scrutiny due to allegations of corruption against top officials at ruling body FIFA . Diack is also facing an International Olympic Committee inquiry over claims that he received illegal payments from now defunct Swiss company ISL , which had an exclusive marketing contract with the IAAF for the world championships . "  I think they discovered that I received money in 1993 . In 1993 , something very difficult happened to me : my house was burned  down  . They burned my house with all of my family inside , " said Diack , who has been IAAF president since 1999 and was this year re-elected until 2015 . "  Fortunately , no-one died , but I lost my house and I had no insurance , so I had to find a way to rent a house , find a way to build up my own house , buy something else . So many friends knew this and they said , ` We 'll send my support . ' "  I received this . When they asked me , I started by saying , ` This is what happened . ' I did n't hear again from the ethical commission . " Diack , a former athlete who held the French/West African long jump record from 1957-60 and is now an IOC member , said he is confident he will not be found guilty of wrongdoing when the IOC considers the case in December . "  Absolutely . There 's no problem , " he said . "  And , to be clear , when I became president , the first thing that I decided is that ISL used to be our marketing company for the television rights in Europe , getting 50 % of the money . I decided that we did n't need ISL , I have to make a direct contract with someone else , and so I made a contract with someone else . "  If the ethical commission says they want to meet me , I will go to them . If the executive board says , ` We want to meet , ' I will go to them and I will explain myself , but I do n't find myself guilty of any wrongdoing . "	IAAF president backs Africa to host athletics ' showpiece event in near future Lamine Diack tells CNN that world championships are more affordable Senegalese official says London 's legacy was important in winning 2017 bid Diack confident he will not be found guilty of accepting illegal payments
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Demonstrators massed amid tight security in central Athens on Monday for a protest to mark the second anniversary of the killing of a Greek teen by police . Police shut down the city center to traffic for 24 hours as the protest loomed . Even before the official beginning of the march , police fired "  limited " amounts of tear gas at hooded youths who set garbage cans on fire , blocked roads , and threw stones and plastic bottles at officers , police said . One person was slightly injured after being beaten up by the crowd who thought he was an undercover officer . His injuries were minor and he refused to go to hospital . Earlier , youths threw stones at police and smashed shop windows in the city center , police said . Demonstrators plan to march to parliament to mark the anniversary of the police killing of Alexis Grigoropoulos , 15 . The officer who shot and killed him in December 2008 , sparking nationwide riots , was found guilty in October of culpable homicide , the Justice Ministry in Greece said . The officer , Epaminondas Korkoneas , 38 , was implicated in the death of Grigoropoulos , who died after being struck by a police bullet . The country erupted in riots and demonstrations after the shooting and continued for several days afterward .	Alexis Grigoropoulos , 15 , was killed by a police bullet in December 2008 Demonstrators clash with police Monday even before the official march begins A police officer was found guilty in October of culpable homicide
CNN  -- Many wept . Some prayed . But after their smoke-filled plane rattled to an emergency landing , passengers had a new lease on life , as they exited a JetBlue flight Thursday via inflatable chutes . "  I 'm just happy to be alive , " said passenger Jarrod West , who slid down holding his black Chihuahua . "  I do n't think I 'll be mean to anybody ever again . " Four people were injured in the incident ; one was taken to hospital , CNN affiliate KCAL reported . A loud pop initiated the brush with disaster , said West and other passengers who spoke with KCAL from the airport in Long Beach , California . Flight 1416 had left Long Beach Airport about 15 minutes before and was over the ocean , carrying 147 passengers and crew headed for Austin , Texas . Then the right engine "  blew , " JetBlue told KCAL . A signal alerted pilots that an engine was overheating , fire department spokesman Jake Heflin told KCAL . The pilots deployed extinguishers . Thick smoke filled cabin Actor Jackson Rathbone was on the flight with his wife and child . "  Our right engine exploded and our cabin filled with smoke , " he posted to Twitter . It grew so thick that passengers could no longer see the people seated next to them , said passenger Jonathon Hubbard . West realized he would have a hard time breathing soon , but oxygen masks did not drop down , he said . So , flight attendants went around deploying them by hand . Fortunately , not far from its departure airport , the plane made a sharp turn back toward it , Rathbone said . The actor is known for his role as Jasper Hale in the "  Twilight " movie series and stars in the TV series "  Aim High . " Tears as plane rattles As it cruised back over land , the plane began to quake , and passengers broke into tears , afraid for their lives . "  Everyone was crying , " passenger Dean Delbaugh said . "  I thought this was it . " His wife , seated next to him , clung to him . Rathbone was also flying with his family . "  I recited the Lord 's Prayer as I held my son and my wife in my arms , " he posted to social media site whosay . Then flight attendants prepared the passengers in the event of a hard landing . "  The flight attendants were yelling ` brace , brace ' and they kept repeating it and repeating it on the top of their lungs , " West said . Happy to be alive But the pilot brought the scare to an end by setting the plane , which FlightAware.com identified as an Airbus A320 , gently onto the runway . "  He put it on the numbers . He did good , " West said . "  He came by afterwards and said ` hello ' to everybody . All of us were hugging him and saying ` thank you . ' " Passenger Jonathan Hubbard was sitting in the exit row and wasted no time . "  I took the exit door and just threw it out the plane and just jumped out , " he told KCAL . An inflatable chute was waiting to catch him . JetBlue spokeswoman Jessica Felipe said everyone evacuated the plane by using emergency slides . "  I grabbed my son and jumped down the inflated ramp , my wife following , " Rathbone tweeted . "  We left all our personal effects onboard . Who cares . We were alive . " Passengers were led to a room , where they were debriefed , Rathbone said . KCAL reported that those wishing to continue to Austin were put onto a later flight . There was no statement on the Flight 1416 incident on JetBlue 's website . But on the day of the incident , the airline announced CEO Dave Barger would step down , effective in February . The statement did not connect the decision with the mishap . In August , a JetBlue engine caught fire in San Juan , Puerto Rico , sending passengers and crew down the emergency slides . Rathbone and his family went home to celebrate their living through Thursday 's scare with a wine and champagne tasting , he said on whosay -- they opened a half-dozen bottles . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Plane engine "  blew " airline says ; actor tweets engine "  exploded " Cabin filled with heavy smoke , passengers tell CNN affiliate Pilot made spot-on landing , according to man on plane All passengers slid down emergency chutes to safety
CNN  -- "  Blade runner " Oscar Pistorius can still dream of landing an Olympic medal after his South African team were awarded a place in Friday 's 4x400m relay final despite failing to finish their qualification heat . South Africa 's second leg runner Ofentse Mogawane went crashing to the track after tangling with Kenya 's Vincent Kiilu and sustained a dislocated left shoulder . Pistorius , who was due to run the third leg Thursday was left a frustrated spectator , but South African officials immediately lodged an appeal , which was eventually upheld . "  IT 'S ON !! We in the FINAL . Team management Protested as Ofentse was taken out and we have been given Lane 9 !! @ljvanzyl to take his place !!! " tweeted Pistorius after the decision by the Jury of Appeal . "  Will be up on the 3rd leg tomorrow for the Final ! Really ca n't wait , " he added . Track and field legend Johnson says Pistorius should not compete in Olympics Pistorius made history when became the first double amputee athlete to compete in the Olympics as he contested the individual 400m earlier in the Games , reaching the semifinals . Running with special carbon fiber prosthetic limbs , Pistorius was initially prevented from competing against able bodied athletes by world governing body , the IAAF . The case went to the Court of Arbritration for Sport , who ruled in his favor in 2008 . South Africa are among the favorites to land the 4x400m title after finishing second in last year 's world championships in Daegu in the event . Pistorius , 25 , ran in the qualification round in South Korea , but was controversially excluded from the final . He was still awarded silver medal , becoming the first amputee athlete to achieve that feat . After Mogawane 's fall , which looked to have ended his chances of Olympic glory , he reacted in disbelief . "  I ca n't tell you how disappointed I feel . 11/10 if I had to give a number , " he told BBC Sport . But soon a smile had returned to his face as news of their reinstatement came through . Pistorius will run the third leg of four with LJ van Zyl replacing the injured Mogawane . Kenya were disqualified but with South Africa 's inclusion there will be nine teams in the final rather than the usual eight . The Bahamas and favorites the United States were the fastest qualifiers in two minutes 58.87 seconds in heat two .	South Africa awarded place in Friday 's 4x400m relay final on appeal Their second leg runner in heats fell and dislocated his shoulder Double amputee Oscar Pistorius is in the South African team U.S. and Bahamas qualify for final joint fastest
CNN  -- Venezeula has decided not to embalm the body of its late president , Hugo Chavez , Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said on Friday in a Twitter message . The initial plan was to have Chavez 's embalmed body displayed much like the remains of former revolutionary leaders Vladimir Lenin of Russia and China 's Mao Zedong . But the embalming was ruled out , Villegas said , after a report from a Russian medical panel . "  The Russian medical commission established that in order to do the procedure , the body would have to be transported to Russia and remain there for seven to eight months , " he said . Scientists in a preliminary assessment have determined that the process might be "  quite difficult , " acting President Nicolas Maduro said Wednesday . Scientists will study possible Chavez poisoning He said at the opening of the Book Fair of Venezuela that scientists argued that "  the decision should have been taken much earlier . " Chavez died this month , at 58 , after a battle with cancer . Venezuelan elections are scheduled for April 14 . What 's behind the display of embalmed world leaders ?	The information minister tweeted the news The initial plan was to display the remains Lenin style
CNN  -- Most parents think their children share too much information online -- and that search engines and social networks are n't doing enough to protect privacy , according to poll results released Friday . More than 90 percent of the parents surveyed by Zogby International said they are "  concerned " that their children share too much information online , and 75 percent said they would rate the job social networks are doing to protect online privacy as "  negative . " The results , released by the nonprofit advocacy organization Common Sense Media -- which commissioned the poll -- do not mention particular social networks or websites by name . Common Sense Media CEO James Steyer said the need for reform is clear . "  Parents want far more education and leadership about online privacy , and they clearly want the industry and the federal government to update privacy policies , " Steyer said in a statement . The organization begins a campaign Monday aimed at protecting kids ' personal information and reputations online . "  We need a ` Do Not Track Kids ' approach ' similar to the ` Do Not Call ' policies that restrict telemarketers , " Steyer said . The results also include a survey of 401 teenagers aged 15 to 18 . Common Sense Media said 79 percent of the teens surveyed also think their friends share too much personal information online , and 85 percent of them want search engines and social networking sites to ask for permission before using personal information to market products . "  The poll results present a clear divide between the industry 's view of privacy and the opinion of parents and kids , " Steyer said . To conduct the online poll of parents , Zogby International used a sampling of 2,100 adults from its online panel , which the polling firm says is representative of the adult population of the United States . The sampling margin of error is 2.2 percentage points . The sampling margin of error for the online poll of teenagers was 5 percentage points .	Survey : 75 percent of parents rate social networks ' privacy protections as "  negative " More than 90 percent of parents polled are concerned that teens share too much Common Sense Media is the poll 's sponsor
CNN  -- A fast-moving wildfire in eastern Arizona forced the evacuation Tuesday of up to 3,000 additional people , a Red Cross official said , as crews continued to battle the blaze . Residents living in areas south of State Highway 260 and east of Greer , including South Fork and parts of Eagar , have been told to leave their homes , fire officials said . The evacuees will join the estimated 2,700 people already on the road in eastern Arizona . "  We 're probably in the range of between 5,500 and 5,700 people , " said Mark Weldon , spokesman for the Arizona Red Cross . Fire fighters struggled Tuesday to gain the slimmest of advantages over the Wallow Fire that has already burned more than 300,000 acres . Just 10 structures have been lost . The fire produced dense plumes of smoke that were visible from space and thick enough to reduce visibility to less than a mile in some places , the National Weather Service said in an air-quality alert Tuesday . Authorities ordered the evacuations of the Arizona cities Greer and Sunrise on Monday . Meanwhile , New Mexico officials told residents in the town of Luna to be prepared to leave , according Terri Wildermuth , a spokeswoman for the Incident Management Team that is overseeing firefighting efforts . The Arizona blaze is beginning to threaten neighboring New Mexico , and spillover smoke pushed by high winds disrupted flights and prompted an air quality alert on the other side of the border , authorities said Tuesday . "  I 'm starting to feel like I 've been chain-smoking and all my cloths smell like I 've been camping , " said CNN iReporter Eric Place , who lives in Albuquerque , New Mexico . "  Sometimes , not like huge flakes , but little ash particles , are visible . " In Arizona , the Red Cross has set up an evacuation center at Blue Ridge High School in Lakeside . So far , around 75 evacuees have checked into the shelter , said Weldon , though not everyone was expected to stay overnight . More than 2,000 firefighters are engaged in the fight against the fire , along with 20 helicopters , 141 fire engines , 46 water tenders and eight bulldozers , according to officials . The blaze remained at 0 % containment Tuesday night . The National Weather Service warned critical fire weather , with low humidity and high winds , would continue at least through Wednesday in Arizona . The National Interagency Fire Center said similar conditions would heighten the risk of fires across the southwest , including Arizona , New Mexico , southeastern Colorado and west Texas . Some Arizonans displaced by the fire have second-guessed their decisions to leave their homes . Displaced resident Patrick Tureson told Phoenix-based CNN affiliate KNXV that life as evacuee is "  horrible . " "  I do n't have a lot of hope right now , " he said . Tureson said he and his wife , Randa , received a call from fire officials Sunday night recommending they abandon their Coyote Canyon home . "  We wanted to stay but ended up leaving because it was getting worse and worse , " Tureson told KNXV . "  That fire was headed right towards me . It 's just a bad situation . " The Wallow fire , which began May 29 , has scorched 311,481 acres so far along the state 's eastern border . Additionally , low humidity and high winds are fueling fires elsewhere in the state . That includes three separate blazes that have consumed 165,017 acres in the Coronado National Forest , one of which has been burning since May 8 , according to InciWeb , an Internet state-by-state database of active wildfires and other disasters . Winds have also hampered the efforts of firefighters who 've come to Arizona from across the United States to help battle the Wallow fire . That includes grounding planes that otherwise could be used to douse the flames from the air , Wildermuth said . On Monday , the size of the fire jumped 21 % as it spread to more than 40,000 acres . "  We had a hard day today , " Joe Reinarz , an incident commander , told those attending a town hall meeting in Greer on Monday . "  I do n't know exactly where that fire is at this moment , because it is moving so fast . " "  Tomorrow ,  the wind  is supposed to pick back up all through Thursday , " he said . "  We 've got two or three days ahead ... that will try all of us . " While there have been no significant injuries so far , officials and area residents complained of heavy smoke that has blanketed the area like fog . The fire has bedeviled fire crews with its unpredictable path , thanks to wind gusts that have carried burning embers up to three miles . Apache County Deputy Chief Sheriff Brannon Eagar on Monday evening urged people in the area , even if they have n't been ordered to evacuate yet , to get ready to leave . "  They ca n't predict how fast it 's going to go , " Eagar said at the town hall event in Greer . "  So make sure , please , you get ready . "  If I can convince anybody , please go . It 'll make your life so much easier , " he added . "  This thing is huge . " CNN 's Phil Gast , Dana Ford and Ben Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials order a partial evacuation of the Arizona town of Eagar NEW : The latest orders raise the number of fire evacuees to more than 5,000 The fire has scorched 311,481 acres in eastern Arizona so far Forecasters warn of an elevated fire risk Tuesday and Wednesday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Recovery crews ended the search for bodies in the hills north of Islamabad Thursday where a passenger plane crashed a day earlier killing all 152 aboard , a government officials told CNN . Ramzan Sajid , a local official in Islamabad , said 130 bodies were recovered from the crash site and delivered to several nearby hospitals . "  Not a single body was intact , " Sajid said . He said hospital officials are trying to match body parts to account for the remains of 22 other people . Pakistan observed a day of mourning Thursday for victims of the accident , called the worst passenger plane crash ever on Pakistani soil . Officials do not know if weather played a factor in the crash Wednesday . Recovery crews have yet to find the plane 's voice and data recorders . At Pakistan 's Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital friends and family members of the passengers waited to identify their loved ones ' remains . Amir Ali , another local government official in Islamabad , told CNN 66 bodies have been identified . Among them , 52 have been handed over to their families . The remaining bodies may have to identified with DNA tests and blood samples from relatives , Ali said . Crews will stay at the crash site to collect any remaining debris and search for the plane 's flight data and voice recorders , said Sajid . Another day of torrential rains in Islamabad Thursday hampered those efforts . Investigators say they wo n't be able to explain why the plane crash until they review the plane 's data recorders . On Thursday , Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani cancelled a cabinet meeting , and flags across the country flew at half-staff . The deadliest crash involving a Pakistani airline occurred in September 1992 , when a Pakistan International Airlines Airbus crashed into a mountain in Nepal , killing all 167 people on board , the Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Pakistan is in the midst of the annual monsoon season , when rain sweeps across the subcontinent from June until September . The Airblue plane was headed to Islamabad from the sea port city of Karachi when it crashed in a hillside while trying to land . The Airbus A321 was carrying 146 passengers and six crew members , the airline said . The U.S. Embassy in Pakistan said two of the people aboard were American citizens .	NEW : Officials say it 's the worst passenger plane crash on Pakistani soil Search ends for bodies in Pakistani crash Two of the people on board the flight were Americans , the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan says
EW.com  -- To play the bubbly , optimistic redhead at the center of "  Annie , " 11-year-old Lilla Crawford does n't have to reach far . Fresh off the announcement today that Crawford will be headlining the Broadway revival of the classic musical  due in fall 2012  , EW caught up with the bright , buoyant young star before she tackles the iconic role as Broadway 's favorite orphan . Entertainment Weekly : Where were you when you found out you got the part ? Lilla Crawford : Well , my manager called up and said that we had to be at the agent 's office to do a video audition , and so we came over and he said it was going to be an interview -LSB- about -RSB- dogs . It was just going to be questions about dogs , so he started asking me a couple of questions about them , and then he finally said , "  How does it feel to be ` Annie ' on Broadway ? " And I was like , "  What ? What the -- ? " And he said , "  You 're going to be ` Annie ' on Broadway ! " And I was like , "  Really !? " That 's what happened . When I found out , oh my gosh , my heart just stopped . I was so amazed and I was so excited to start . EW : Were your parents there with you ? Crawford : My mom was there ! So was my sister , and all of the agents . They were really excited as well . Everyone that I could tell was there . I was supposed to keep it a secret , so I did n't call up anyone , but I wished that I could ! EW : What was the audition process like ? Crawford : Well , when I found out that they were doing a revival of "  Annie , " I decided to audition just for fun and see how it turned out . So I auditioned and I got a callback , after callback , after callback . And I just wanted to be a part of the show ; I did n't care what role . But I got about five or six callbacks until the last callback , then I got it . EW : Were you ever in a production of "  Annie " growing up ? Crawford : Yes , I was in another production of "  Annie . " It was an all-kids production and it was in a little community theater . I think I was about 8 or 9 , and I actually played Bert Healy , so it 's kind of funny . EW : Were you a big fan of the movie ? Crawford : Yes . I 've seen the movie before , and I 've actually seen the show , so yeah , I really did like that show a lot before I became a part of it . EW : What part of being in the show are you most looking forward to ? Crawford : Now that I get to be in it , I 'm really looking forward to everything , but mostly I 'm really looking forward to working with the dogs , and everyone else ! I do like dogs a lot . EW : If you could meet any Broadway star , who would you pick ? Crawford : To meet anyone on Broadway ? I do like Sutton Foster and Kristin Chenoweth a lot , so it would be really fun to like , go to lunch with the two of them . It sounds crazy but ... maybe it 'll happen ! I do n't know ! But I do also like Raul Esparza and Matthew Broderick . Those are really good ones , too . EW : How do you think the message of "  Annie " will translate for other kids growing up today who might see the show ? Crawford : In the Depression especially , I think you learn to face problems and not run away from them . -LSB- You have to -RSB- always have hope for tomorrow and the sun will come out tomorrow ! And if you have a bad day , just always think that it 'll be a new one and a good one the next day . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lilla Crawford will star in "  Annie " on Broadway in fall 2012 Crawford : "  I got about five or six callbacks until the last callback , then I got it " Crawford : "  I 'm really looking forward to working with the dogs "
CNN  -- PlayStation Network users are still waiting for an extra life . Five days after a hacker invaded Sony Computer Entertainment 's PlayStation Network resulting in a lengthy outage , the video game giant has yet to offer a comprehensive explanation . PlayStation internet services went offline on Wednesday and have remained down . In several public statements , with one as recent as Monday , Sony has said the persistent downtime was due to an "  external intrusion , " but has not provided a target date for when services will return . Sony previously said it was rebuilding its framework to ensure proper security measures are put in place . "  Unfortunately , I do n't have an update or timeframe to share at this point in time , " PlayStation spokesman Patrick Seybold said in a statement on Monday . "  As we previously noted , this is a time intensive process , and we 're working to get them back online quickly . " The PlayStation Network is a free utility that lets gamers communicate and play with each other , as well as download games and movies . Sony also offers subscription programs called PlayStation Plus , which provides access to exclusive games , and Qriocity , which offers on-demand music and movies over the internet . Those services also remain unavailable . A Sony spokesman in Tokyo , where the company is headquartered , said investigations have n't uncovered whether the intruders gained access to personal information or credit card numbers , according to a report from technology news service IDG . The spokesman reportedly said Sony would contact those affected if investigators discover that info was leaked . CNN 's request for comment was not returned by a Sony spokeswoman . The network failure was apparently more severe than originally thought . Sony released a statement on Thursday saying , "  It may be a full day or two before we 're able to get the service completely back up and running . " Gamers are livid . The timing is especially frustrating because it comes on the heels of three blockbuster launches for the PlayStation 3 . Sony 's "  SOCOM 4 " is the latest in a third-person shooter series about Navy SEAL operatives , which heavily promotes its online-play component . The new "  Mortal Kombat " game is also supposed to let gamers play online . "  Portal 2 , " the critically acclaimed shooter-puzzle game , debuted alongside a much-anticipated game-download service called Steam . All these launched in the United States on Tuesday , one day before the outage .	The PlayStation Network has been offline for five days Sony has n't set a timeline for when the online services will return A Sony spokesman reportedly said the company is unsure if sensitive info was taken
World number two Rafael Nadal has sensationally lost to Fernando Verdasco 6-3 3-6 7-5 in the third round of the Madrid Open . The loss was the first defeat of the clay court season for the six-time French Open champion . Considered arguably the greatest player to ever set foot on clay , Nadal had recently won in Monte Carlo -- a record eighth title -- before clinching his seventh tournament victory in Barcelona . He had previously beaten Verdasco in all 13 of their previous meetings . It took Verdasco three hours and 11 minutes to overcome Nadal in an error-strewn match . Verdasco hit nine double faults but Nadal somehow conspired to lose despite leading 5-2 in the final set . It brought to an end a 22-match winning streak for Nadal that stretched back to 2011 . "  I never was in control of the match , I did n't know how to win a point , " Nadal told reporters , before suggesting he will not show up next year unless the controversial blue clay surface is changed . "  Movement is very important for me and I could n't move . I could n't hit ball the way I wanted . I lost because I deserved to lose . " The shock defeat will reopen the debate about the Madrid Open 's use of blue clay . World number one Novak Djokovic has already been an outspoken critic of the surface . "  It 's impossible to move , " he told reporters earlier in the week . "  I can not find the words to describe this court . It 's really tough to play like this on a center court . We need serious discussion about the future of this blue clay . "  We can not change anything this year , but my first impressions are not good . I do n't want to be the one complaining , but I say honestly what I feel . " Ironically it was Nadal that refused to be drawn on the issue of the blue clay after he had comfortably beaten Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko in straight sets 6-2 6-2 on Wednesday . "  It was my first match here in these circumstances , " he said . "  I am very happy about my result , about the way that I played . " But Nadal changed his tone after the defeat . "  I could n't close out the match at 5-2 . He played better than me , " he said . "  The ATP and the tournament can do what they want , I tried my best , I 've trained here since Thursday . I was as prepared as I could be . "  I was not good enough to adapt my game to this court . If things continue like this , it will be very sad . Next year this will be one less event for my calendar . " Verdasco will next play sixth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych in the next round . Despite his complaints about the surface , Djokovic moved into the quarterfinals after beating Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka 7-6 6-4 . Roger Federer also reached the quarterfinals after dispatching French 14th seed Richard Gasquet 6-3 6-2 . The win , coupled with Nadal 's shock loss , means that Federer will move up to second in the world rankings ahead of the Spaniard . Meanwhile Serena Williams fought back after a disastrous start against Caroline Wozniacki to reach the quarterfinals of the women 's event in Madrid . The American lost the first set 6-1 , before storming back 6-3 6-2 to set up a mouthwatering tie against Russian second seed Maria Sharapova , who made the last eight after Lucie Safarova withdrew citing an illness . "  I had a slow start today , I do n't know why , " said Williams . "  I was sluggish and mentally maybe fighting some demons . " Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska continued her fine form by beating Italy 's Roberta Vinci 7-6  7-1  6-4 .	Rafael Nadal loses to Fernando Verdasco in three hours at the Madrid Open It 's a rare loss for the King of Clay , who was on a 22-match winning streak Loss will reopen debate on Madrid tournament 's use of blue clay Nadal says he will skip event next year if it is still played on blue clay
CNN  -- Walk into Naughty Auties , a virtual resource center for those with autism , and you 'll find palm trees swaying against a striking ocean sunset . Were it not for the pixelated graphics on the computer screen in front of you , you would swear you were looking at a tropical hideaway . David Savill , who has named himself Dave Sparrow in Second Life , has Asperger 's syndrome . David Savill , 22 , lives in Gloucester , England , in real life and created this spot within the virtual world of Second Life . Residents of this digital realm can represent themselves with 3-D images called avatars and connect with each other over the Internet . Savill has Asperger 's syndrome and said he wanted Naughty Auties to serve those with autism spectrum disorders and their friends and family . Savill , who represents himself in the virtual world using an avatar named Dave Sparrow , said one benefit is that visitors can practice social interaction and find information about the condition . The graphical representations of real people create a "  comfort zone " that can coax users out of their shells and get them communicating with others , he said . "  You 're on your own computer , in your own room , your own space , " Savill said . "  So you 're not going out into the real world meeting people , you 're going meeting people online and in your own home , so you 're perfectly relaxed . It 's just a fantastic tool to use to bring people together . " Take a video tour of Naughty Auties with Savill " Autism , more precisely the autism spectrum , is a range of brain disorders that can cause difficulties in social interaction , communication and behavior . Asperger 's syndrome is at the milder end of this spectrum . People with Asperger 's are often high-achieving but can have difficulty in social situations . CNN learned about Savill 's Second Life place from an iReporter in England who has named herself Janey Bracken in Second Life . Bracken , who prefers not to share her real name , submitted stories to iReport.com describing Savill 's resource center and providing information about other places where those with the condition can turn . " -LSB- Savill -RSB- said that his life changed when his family decided to get the Internet , " Bracken wrote . "  He was able to use chat rooms and soon realized that people used symbols to express themselves : the smiley signs , the angry signs , hug signs , etc. , to enhance the text . He went on to say that subconsciously his brain was learning about communication from these sessions of chat . " Second Life has its own economy and social scene , and Bracken and Savill hope it could become a haven for those seeking help for autism . While many think such computer interactions could eventually be helpful in treating autism , scientists say more information is needed to truly assess their value . Dr. Fred Volkmar , a professor in Yale University 's Child Study Center , said he would want more concrete studies done before he could be sure . "  Although not much research is yet available , there is clearly considerable potential in use of new technologies for fostering social skills , " Volkmar said . To answer this need , scientists are beginning to explore the possibilities in Second Life . One such researcher is Simon Bignell , a lecturer in psychology at the University of Derby in Derby , England , who is running a project that is evaluating teaching and research in Second Life . Bignell , known in-world as Milton Broome , said Second Life is an uncharted but promising area for new applied psychological research . Virtual reality can be used to simulate new environments for people on the autistic spectrum , he said . "  For people with autism , we 've found it 's a very nice way of setting up situations they might come across in their everyday lives , " Bignell said . "  For people who have social , emotional , communicational problems ... we can get them familiar with an environment before they actually try it out in real life . " Watch more on autism research in a virtual world " He started the "  Autism Research " discussion group within Second Life to serve as an information-sharing tool for interested parties . He also has an office within Second Life and can sometimes be found working in SL-Labs , the university 's in-world psychology lab space . The lab areas contain meeting spots , informational kiosks and games . A portion of these areas contain information about autism and Asperger 's . Savill said Second Life excels at minimizing geographical separations between people and bringing people from all over the world to meet together quickly and easily . He added that he wanted to emphasize that virtual worlds are an emerging and important tool not just for autistic people , but for the people who know them . "  It 's not just to help people with autism , it 's to help people whose lives have been affected by autism , be they family or friends or employees of people who have autism , " Savill said . "  Naughty Auties is a fantastic meeting place for people . " E-mail to a friend	People with autism spectrum disorders could find a haven within Second Life Second Life is a virtual world where people represent themselves with avatars David Savill , 22 , has Asperger 's syndrome and founded a virtual gathering spot iReport : See your Second Life stories and news of a virtual world
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Sean Kingston was talking about his hit song "  Fire Burning " when his cell phone suddenly started to ring . The device blasted a familiar tune . Sean Kingston has one of the summer 's hottest hits with "  Fire Burning . " She 's fire burning , fire burning on the dance floor . Wait a minute . His own song is his ringtone ? "  I 've got to support it , man , " said Kingston , 19 , with a cheeky smile . "  It goes right back in my pocket , but hey . " There had better be plenty of room in those pockets . "  Fire Burning " is shaping up to be one of the summer 's hottest tracks , with more than a million downloads sold , and is the second best-selling song on iTunes this week . For mainstream radio listeners and nightclub goers , the reggae-trance track is inescapable . Even for Kingston . Watch how Kingston sets the dance floor ablaze " "  Three days ago I was in an elevator , " he said . "  A lady came in and she had her iPod and she was playing my song . She did n't know who she was standing next to . That was kind of funny . " But hearing his music in public does n't mean he 's allowed to get too cocky , he said . "  It actually motivates me to make even more music , because that 's kind of big . Coming from where I 'm from -- coming from nothing -- it 's just amazing to hear people react to my music like they do . " The Miami-born artist , whose real name is Kisean Anderson -- he changed his name to Kingston to reflect his Jamaican heritage -- got a taste for the big time in 2007 when his debut song "  Beautiful Girls " became a No. 1 hit in the United States . His sophomore album , called "  Tomorrow , " comes out September 22 . Kingston just wrapped filming in Los Angeles for the music video for its second single , "  Face Drop . " Kingston dropped by CNN to share his thoughts on his abilities on the dance floor and the leading ladies of pop . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : How much time do you actually spend on the dance floor ? Sean Kingston : I spend a lot of time on the dance floor , -LSB- though -RSB- ... I 'm more the type of dude to sit back and pose and act cool . But I had to make a song for it because there 's a lot of stuff that 's going on in the world today ... people want to dance . People want to let loose and "  Fire Burning " is a song that you can do that to . CNN : You were born in Miami . You grew up in Kingston . Then you moved to L.A. Where do you feel most at home ? Sean Kingston : I feel really at home , I ca n't even lie , in Miami . Because it 's just like I know a lot of people , my friends that are there . That 's where I started doing music when I was in Miami . CNN : Why call your sophomore album "  Tomorrow " ? Kingston : Because I feel like it 's so futuristic . I felt like my last album was yesterday . Nobody 's going to be able to expect what Sean Kingston is bringing on this new album . CNN : The first track that came off the new album was a collaboration with Lil ' Wayne . It did n't take off like your previous hits . Why do you think that is ? Kingston : We never sent it to radio . That record got leaked . It got leaked from the Internet and we just kept it going . But it never really got that push from the label . But I mean it did good . I mean 4 million plays on YouTube , 3 million on MySpace . Sometimes you 've got to give free music to get people to pay attention and to build a buzz . So I basically gave my fans free music . CNN : You collaborate with punk-pop band Good Charlotte on the album . Kingston : Yeah . Benji and Joel -LSB- Madden -RSB- , man ! Those guys are hilarious . They 're talented and geniuses . ... The whole "  Tomorrow " album ... it 's ridiculous . I feel like it 's going to be the album of the year . I feel like it 's my best album that I ever made . It 's way better than the first one . CNN : Do you feel like you 've pioneered this new sound that combines reggae and hip-hop and other elements ? Kingston : I definitely think that 's my own style . I definitely think I came in the game and I got my own blend . I 've got something that I call hip-pop , not hip-hop . And a lot of people are starting to use that now but I feel like it was my fusion . CNN : Is it fair to say that "  Beautiful Girls " brought massive change to your life ? Kingston : It did . It changed my life like that ! No other song did it but that song . I 'm blessed . CNN : Are you surprised that it only takes one hit song to make someone a huge star ? Kingston : It did n't really quite take me one . It took me one to get in the door . And then it took having a Top Five record . But you 've got to understand ... in this music business , there are so many one-hit wonders . You could have a hit , but it 's like "  OK , could you follow up ? " So it 's not about what your past is , it 's about longevity . CNN : You 've been the opening act for Gwen Stefani and Beyonce . Who are some other female musicians you admire ? Kingston : Man , those two are amazing . Gwen Stefani ! That 's what you call a star right there . Just to be in her presence ... I learned a lot from her . She 's just amazing . Beyonce too . I like Mary J. Blige . Rhianna ! I met her a lot of times and she 's down to earth . She 's so cool . And she 's an island girl . And I 'm an island dude , and we got ta hold down for other people .	Sean Kingston 's "  Fire Burning " one of top hits of summer Kingston melds reggae , pop , hip-hop ; he calls it "  hip-pop " New album , "  Tomorrow , " is due in September
New York  CNN  -- One person died and at least seven others were injured Sunday after a three-alarm fire broke out in a New York City high-rise , authorities said . Daniel McClung , 27 , was remembered by a close friend as a brilliant and beautiful person , inside and out . McClung was a playwright , a deep thinker with incredible wit and an appreciation for art and great music , said friend Dave Brown . He said McClung married his husband this past summer in Boston and that they were very much in love . The couple had recently moved into the high-rise . McClung died after being trapped in a stairwell , said a spokesman for the Office of Deputy Commissioner . The spokesman said a second victim was taken to the hospital for smoke inhalation . The 32-year-old man is in stable condition , according to police . Fire crews gained control of the blaze , which began on the 20th floor of the high-rise in midtown Manhattan , around noon , according to New York City Fire Department spokesman Danny Glover . The fire was ruled accidental and was caused by pieces of electrical equipment that were plugged into a power strip through several extension cords , Frank Dwyer , a fire department spokesman , said Monday . Witness video obtained by CNN showed flames shooting out of the building and a large plume of black and white smoke . Glover confirmed everyone had evacuated the building . He was unsure of when residents would be able to return . According to Glover , another six people showed signs of possible smoke inhalation . Fire crews received a call around 11 a.m. alerting them to the fire . 2nd body found in Minneapolis apartment building 's charred remains Arson at Chinese consulate in San Francisco a ` despicable act ' CNN 's Haimy Assefa and Chris Welch reported and wrote in New York City , and Mayra Cuevas wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire is ruled accidental , caused by electrical equipment in a power strip Daniel McClung died after being trapped in a stairwell , a spokesman says Firefighters contained the fire around noon ; it broke out on the 20th floor of high-rise Seven others had injuries ; one of them was sent to a hospital
CNN  -- Investigators searching for clues in the Abigail Hernandez kidnapping case reportedly have a new focus : a storage unit on the suspect 's property . That 's where the teenager was held captive , sources told New England Cable News . The rust-colored storage container , which some neighbors referred to as an above-ground bunker , was surrounded by crime scene tape on the day of suspect Nathaniel E. Kibby 's arrest , CNN affiliate WMUR reported . The New Hampshire Attorney General 's office declined to comment on those reports to CNN . Assistant Attorney General Jane Hall said arrest and search warrants in the case will remain sealed for now . A probable cause hearing is scheduled for August 12 , when evidence might be presented detailing how the teenager was found . "  It 's remarkable how well she 's doing , " Hall said . "  Just to be able to endure what she did ... under any set of circumstances . " Hernandez , 15 , sat just steps away from her alleged kidnapper at an arraignment hearing on Tuesday . Kibby , 34 , was arrested Monday and charged with one count of felony kidnapping for allegedly confining Hernandez on October 9 "  with a purpose to commit an offense against her , " according to prosecutors . He was ordered held on $ 1 million bail . His lawyer , Jesse Friedman , did not enter a plea at Tuesday 's arraignment hearing , arguing that the charge against Kibby is unclear because prosecutors have sealed the arrest warrant . "  I have no idea what they 're alluding to , " Friedman said in court . The judge denied Friedman 's motion to unseal the warrant . Hernandez returned to her home last week , more than nine months after she went missing on the way home from school . Hernandez 's case drew national attention when the then 14-year-old girl went missing last fall . But the mystery surrounding her disappearance only deepened when authorities and her family revealed few details upon her return last Sunday . Investigators said Hernandez provided police with details of her kidnapping that were "  sufficient " to warrant Kibby 's arrest Monday . In a statement Friday , her family said they were cooperating with law enforcement and "  trying to focus on the peace and joy of the moment of Abby 's return . " "  Right now , Abby is resting , extremely tired and in deteriorated health , and has lost a lot of weight . She is working to build her strength back and we hope soon she will be back on solid foods , " her family said . "  We appreciate people 's vigilance as they share the sketch photo that law enforcement has distributed and we hope that very soon this long , long ordeal can come to some closure . " On Monday , Hernandez thanked those who searched for her while she was missing . "  I wish that I could personally thank everyone who looked for me . My gratitude is beyond words , " she said in a statement . "  It 's an incredible feeling to be home and I believe in my heart that your hopes and prayers played a major role in my release . Thank you all for the welcome home . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Report : Abigail Hernandez 's kidnapper held her in a storage unit Nathaniel E. Kibby , 34 , was arraigned on a felony kidnapping charge Hernandez vanished as she headed home from school on October 9 , 2013 She returned home last week ; investigators have revealed few details about what happened
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Scores of youths attacked police in Northern Ireland for a second consecutive night Tuesday in an expression of rage over a parade in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast . Nationalist youths threw stones , gasoline bombs , golf balls and fireworks at police attending the Orange Order parade -- held on a date often marked by sectarian violence . After the march passed , the rioters grew in number and ferocity ; police responded with plastic bullets and water cannon . Outbreaks of violence also ignited in East Belfast , Derry and other parts of Northern Ireland . Police appealed for calm on Tuesday . "  Whilst I commend the bravery and leadership of many within the community who worked tirelessly to reduce the disorder and calm tensions -- we need everyone to keep working to build and maintain calm across all local areas , " Assistant Chief Constable Alistair Finlay said in a statement . He said a number of officers were injured during the disorder . "  We have unfortunately witnessed first hand this evening how violence damages people 's homes and businesses , it sets back relationships and leaves wounds which take time to heal , " Finlay said . "  It is not representative in any way of the vast majority of people here who want to get on with their lives . " Tuesday 's incident came a day after at least 22 officers were injured amid similar attacks elsewhere in Belfast . On Monday night , police fired more than 50 plastic bullets and used a water cannon to disperse rioters , who threw more than 40 gasoline bombs , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said . A number of arrests were made , police added , without specifying how many . Monday 's violence was centered in Catholic areas of Belfast ahead of the main day of the Protestant marching season , when loyalists parade through the streets . A spokeswoman said the trouble started late Monday and continued into Tuesday . The most serious disorder was in the Broadway area of west Belfast and involved 100 to 200 people . Police were investigating reports that gunshots were fired during the disturbances . Police said several vehicles were hijacked and set afire in the area , while crowds attacked officers with missiles "  including masonry and petrol bombs . " At one point , a bus was hijacked and driven toward police lines but crashed a short distance away . Ahead of the march , Assistant Chief Constable Dave Jones had called for community restraint . "  We would appeal for everyone to do everything they can to help ensure all areas are calm and peaceful over the next 48 hours . Violence does not need to be inevitable , " he said after Monday night 's rioting . In recent years , public disorder has followed the annual parade . The province suffered decades of violence known locally as the Troubles , in which more than 3,500 people were killed before a 1998 peace accord known as the Good Friday Agreement . In each of the last three years , violence organized by people opposed to the peace process has erupted around the parade . The Troubles pitted mostly Catholic republicans , who want the province to become part of the Republic of Ireland , against pro-British loyalists , who are mostly Protestant . This year has been one of the most violent since the Good Friday Agreement .	Fresh violence breaks out at Orange Order parade in north Belfast At least 22 police officers were injured in attacks on Monday , police say Security forces respond with plastic bullets and a water cannon This year has been one of the most violent in Northern Ireland since a peace agreement
Ottawa  CNN  -- Speaking from Ottawa on Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said last week 's deadly shooting there was an act of terrorism , and the United States is taking steps to counter extremist groups including ISIS online , which has sought to recruit and radicalize Westerners to its cause . "  There are a great many avenues here , all of which are being structured within the confines of an overall strategy , " Kerry said of U.S. efforts , "  But we will leave no effort untested with respect to our efforts to shut down the ability of these people to propagandize , to lie , to deceive , and to have whatever influence they may be able to have on young minds . " Both Canada and the United States have seen dozens of their citizens leave North America in recent months to join militant groups on the battlefield in Syria . Just last week , three teenagers from Colorado were stopped from leaving the United States with the intent of joining ISIS , law enforcement officials said . And the terror group has featured fighters with North American accents in recent propaganda videos . The U.S. and Canada also share concerns about the prospect of more so-called "  lone wolf " attacks like the one in Ottawa last week . The shooter , Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , was only the latest in a string of young Western men , often converts to Islam with criminal backgrounds , who have become radicalized by extremist messaging and who sought to commit attacks . Just a few days before Zehaf-Bibeau opened fire at a war memorial and Parliament Hill , another Canadian man rammed his car into two Canadian soldiers , killing one of them . And following the Ottawa attack , an American man , Zale Thompson , attacked four New York police officers with a hatchet before he was shot dead . New York police said Thompson was a self-radicalized convert to Islam , and they categorized the assault as a terrorist attack . The ability of groups like ISIS to influence and recruit Westerners online is one of the capabilities the U.S. and Canadian governments hope to disrupt . During his visit , Kerry also laid a wreath at the National War Memorial where Zehaf-Bibeau gunned down army reservist Cpl. Nathan Cirillo on Wednesday , before continuing on to a nearby Parliament building where he ultimately was shot and killed . Kerry 's trip , happening the same day Cirillo was laid to rest , gave the Obama administration another opportunity to express solidarity with the Canadian people in the aftermath of the attack . "  President Obama , the State Department and our entire administration pledge to work even more closely with your leaders at every level in order to deter and prevent terrorist attacks , " Kerry said . Kerry also had a message for ISIS and other terrorist groups . "  The question that our adversaries want us to ask is ` Is there nowhere safe ? ' " Kerry said . "  And that is a question to which we firmly reply : No . "  There is nowhere safe for those who would pervert the teachings of a great religion , murder the innocent , betray their neighbors , and line up on the side of such pernicious groups as  ISIS  and al Qaeda . " This is Kerry 's first trip to Canada as secretary of state .	Secretary of State Kerry is on his first official trip to Canada He has a message for terrorist groups , and efforts to thwart their recruiting No place is safe for those who "  pervert the teachings of a great religion , murder the innocent " Kerry pledges the U.S. will work "  even more closely " with Canada to prevent terrorism
San Antonio  CNN  -- Clerks scheduling medical appointments for veterans were "  cooking the books " at their bosses ' behest to hide the fact some had to wait weeks , if not months , for appointments , a VA scheduler in San Antonio said Thursday . The Office of Inspector General confirms to CNN that it has staff investigators on the ground in San Antonio looking into the allegations . The allegations surrounding this Texas VA hospital comes as the federal department fends off claims of potentially deadly delays at other facilities , including claims of a secret wait list in Phoenix that was first reported by CNN . Phoenix VA officials deny secret wait list ; doctors say they 're lying The VA 's official policy is that all patients should be able to see a doctor , dentist or some other medical professional within 14 days of their requested/preferred date . Any wait longer than two weeks is supposed to documented . Yet Brian Turner , a Veterans Affairs scheduling clerk based in San Antonio , said Thursday that some who called to make appointments at his facility did end up waiting longer , yet such delays were never reported . For example , he said , they might be told the next available appointment was n't for several months . It would be scheduled for then , but marked in official files as if the patient had put off their appointment until then by choice . "  What we 've been instructed was that -- they are not saying fudged , there is no secret wait list -- but what they 've done is come out and just say ` zero out that date , ' " Turner said . The "  zero , " in this case , suggests the patient did n't have to wait at all . "  It could be three months and look like no days  wait  , " he added . "  It looked like they had scheduled the appointment and got exactly what they wanted . " The Veterans Affairs public affairs office said that Turner 's allegation has been looked into , without any finding of wrongdoing . "  Based on our internal fact-finding conducted April 25-28 , we found the claims by this employee were not substantiated , " the VA statement said . However , the Office of Inspector General says it is conducting its own investigation . Turner tells CNN he has already been interviewed by OIG staff . The claim comes amid strong public pressure on the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and its leader , Eric Shinseki , after CNN reporting unveiled e-mails that allegedly discussed the destruction of a secret list of veterans waiting for care at a Phoenix VA hospital . Shinseki has ordered a "  face-to-face audit " at VA clinics , a department spokesman said on Thursday . Earlier the same day , a House committee voted to subpoena Shinseki in the wake of such accusations that his department is responsible for deadly delays in health care . Shinseki orders ` face-to-face audit ' at clinics Turner told CNN that he 's become a witness in an investigation by the VA inspector general 's office focusing on delayed care , alleged falsification of records and possible medical harm to veterans at the San Antonio facility . Turner , a former Army soldier himself who still works at the VA , said he has asked to be protected under federal whistle-blower laws . As to the VA 's earlier fact-finding efforts , Turner said that no one asked him about his allegations . In fact , he said , when he began expressing his concerns to other staff members , he was called in and told not to e-mail another person . "  They shut me up the very next day , " Turner said . Newt Gingrich : Vets need and deserve a 21st-century VA CNN 's Drew Griffin and Scott Bronstein reported from San Antonio , and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Nelli Black contributed to this report .	Office of Inspector General confirmsit has staff investigators on the ground in San Antonio A VA scheduling clerk in San Antonio says he and colleagues were "  cooking the books " They were told to assert that vets had "  zero " waits for appointments , he claims The VA says its "  internal fact-finding " determined these claims were "  not substantiated "
Washington  CNN  -- Congress delved Wednesday into the politically explosive issue of unmanned drone attacks , questioning the legality of operations increasingly used to combat al Qaeda and Taliban militants in countries such as Pakistan . In the eight years of George W. Bush 's presidency , unmanned aircraft -- or drones -- attacked militant targets 45 times . Since President Obama took office , the numbers have risen sharply : 51 last year and 29 so far this year . Most attacks have targeted suspected militant hideouts in Pakistan . While the United States is the only country in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes . Based on a CNN count , all of the 29 drone strikes this year have hit locations in North Waziristan and South Waziristan , along the 1,500-mile porous border that Pakistan shares with Afghanistan . Several top U.S. law professors debated the legality of the attacks in a hearing before the House Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs , the second such hearing held by the subcommittee within the past two months . "  The United States is committed to following international legal standards , " said Rep. John Tierney , D-Massachusetts , the subcommittee 's chairman . "  Our interpretation of how these standards apply to the use of unmanned weapons systems will set an example for other nations to follow . " The four legal scholars invited to testify , however , offered sharply contrasting views of what constitutes an acceptable legal standard . The biggest controversy appeared to surround the legality of strikes conducted by CIA operatives , as opposed to strikes by the U.S. military . "  Only a combatant -- a lawful combatant -- may carry out the use of killing with combat drones , " said Mary Ellen O'Connell , a professor from the University of Notre Dame law school . "  The CIA and civilian contractors have no right to do so . They do not wear uniforms , and they are not in the chain of command . And most importantly , they are not trained in the law of armed conflict . " O'Connell also said that "  we know from empirical data ... that the use of major military force in counterterrorism operations has been counterproductive . " The U.S. government , she said , should use force only "  when we can accomplish more good than harm , and that is not the case with the use of drones in places like Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia . " David Glazier , a professor from Loyola law school in Los Angeles , California , defended the drone attacks on the grounds that there is "  no dispute that we are in an armed conflict with al Qaeda and with the Taliban . " That fact "  allows the United States to call upon the full scope of authority which is provided by the law of war . " Glazier said there is "  nothing within the law of war that prohibits the use of drones . In fact , the ability of the drones to engage in a higher level of precision and to discriminate more carefully between military and civilian targets than has existed in the past actually suggests that they 're preferable to many older weapons . " He conceded , however , that there are legitimate concerns about the CIA 's use of drones . CIA personnel are "  clearly not lawful combatants , -LSB- and -RSB- if you are not a privileged combatant , you simply do n't have immunity from domestic law for participating in hostilities . " Glazier warned that "  any CIA personnel who participate in this armed conflict run the risk of being prosecuted under the national laws of the places where -LSB- the combat actions -RSB- take place . " CIA personnel , he said , could be guilty of war crimes . William Banks , the founding director of Syracuse University 's Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism , said the U.S. government has engaged in targeted killings of individual combatants dating at least back to a 1916 border war with Mexican bandits . Banks said the authors of the 1947 National Security Act , which traditionally gives the CIA much of its legal authority , probably did n't contemplate the targeted killings tied to drone attacks . But the statute , he said , was "  designed as dynamic authority to be shaped by practice and by necessity . " "  The intelligence laws permit the president broad discretion to utilize the nation 's intelligence agencies to carry out national security operations , implicitly including targeted killing , " he said . U.S. laws "  supply adequate -- albeit not well-articulated or understood -- legal authority for these drone strikes . " The American Civil Liberties Union sent a public letter to Obama on Wednesday that said the drone attacks are part of an illegal program authorized by the administration allowing suspected terrorists -- including Americans -- to be targeted and killed by U.S. operatives . "  The program you have reportedly endorsed is not simply illegal but also unwise , because how our country responds to the threat of terrorism will in large measure determine the rules that govern every nation 's conduct in similar contexts , " ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said . "  If the United States claims the authority to use lethal force against suspected enemies of the U.S. anywhere in the world -- using unmanned drones or other means -- then other countries will regard that conduct as justified . The prospect of foreign governments hunting and killing their enemies within our borders or those of our allies is abhorrent . " Peter Bergen , a fellow at the New America Foundation , a nonpartisan group , suggested that the increase in drone attacks during the Obama administration is , in part , revenge for the bombing of a CIA base in eastern Afghanistan that killed seven Americans on December 30 , 2009 . "  The people who died in this suicide attack were involved in targeting people on the other side of the border , " he said earlier this year . Long War Journal , an online publication that charts data for U.S. airstrikes against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan , says the air campaign "  remains the cornerstone of the effort to root out and decapitate the senior leadership of al Qaeda , the Taliban , and other allied terror groups , and to disrupt both al Qaeda 's global and local operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan . " Such attacks , which have taken a civilian toll in many cases , have frequently caused tension between Pakistan and the United States . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : ACLU calls drone attacks part of illegal program for U.S. to target , kill terror suspects Since President Obama took office , number of drone attacks has risen U.S. law professors debate legality of such attacks during a House subcommittee hearing Biggest controversy : legality of strikes conducted by CIA , as opposed to U.S. military
CNN  -- To adapt to the new era of gaming , Atari is returning to its roots . The gaming pioneer -- which spearheaded arcade games and home video-game consoles -- is reinventing itself to adapt to the era of mobile and social games . Atari has been synonymous with games and gaming since Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney founded it in 1972 . The company 's products , such as "  Pong " and the Atari 2600 , helped define the computer entertainment industry from the 1970s to the mid-1980s . About five years ago , the company got away from developing its own games to focus on publishing and distribution . Atari CEO Jim Wilson said it was a complicated time for the company and the brand . "  Atari  got bought by this retail distribution company that focused primarily on building non-Atari brands and distributing third-party titles , " Wilson said . "  The Atari name was then being used as a corporate name on a retail distribution company . That did n't make any sense to me . " Wilson wanted to take Atari back to its casual-gaming roots and recognized the best way to do so was to embrace the social and mobile change in the gaming landscape . He said there are new business models in gaming and the company finally is ready to take advantage of them . "  What we 're doing is we 're going out to the best and the brightest of the developers in the mobile business , " he said . "  We 're looking at different ways to reinterpret or reinvent our classic franchises in ways that people are playing games today in the business model that people are playing today . " Atari released "  Atari 's Greatest Hits " for the iOS in the spring of 2011 to a resounding cheer from fans . The game featured classic arcade games such as "  Centipede "  Wilson 's favorite as a kid  , "  Lunar Lander " and "  Missile Command " as well as games from the Atari 2600 home console such as "  Adventure , " "  Haunted House " and "  Yars ' Revenge . " The game in the Apple App Store has been downloaded more than 3.5 million times . It was recently made available in the Android Marketplace , further expanding the market for Atari products . "  The great thing about Atari and its very brand is that it is recognizable , " Wilson said . "  You understand what it is , and frankly , in the App Store or the Android Marketplace , discoverability is a big issue for people who are releasing their games . One of the benefits of Atari is that it creates instant recognition and discoverability in the App Store and the Android Marketplace . " Wilson then focused on re-imagining some of Atari 's classic titles to make them more appealing to today 's gaming audience . Men older than 30 make up the company 's core audience , he said , so they 've grown up with Atari , and they have the money to spend on games . "  What we 're looking to do is build games . Some of our games are going to have a much more broad appeal and , for us , the ability to generate a community . "  However , we also  want  to address a larger audience and that 's what it 's going to come down to -- making games that appeal to a broader audience . " "  Asteroids " was the first game to be reinterpreted as "  Asteroids : Gunner , " a top 10 best-seller in the App Store in its first two weeks in November . The free app game featured a new look and new weapons as well as the opportunity to purchase Space Bucks inside the game to enhance players ' spaceships . "  We believe there are multiple ways to reinterpret ` Asteroids , ' and ` Asteroids : Gunner ' was a great opportunity for us to create a time-based , premium model that seemed to go over well with our core male audience , " Wilson said . In December , the company released "  Breakout : Boost , " which has garnered more than 2 million downloads in the App Store alone . The game offers five free levels and more than 200 others that can be purchased inside the game . It would be easy for Atari to continue to re-imagine and rerelease its classic titles , but Wilson said to appeal to a broader audience , the company is also working with developers on original intellectual properties that fit the Atari brand . The company expects to release 10 to 15 new titles in the next year , with about five of those coming from outside developers , he said . They will hold true to the Atari brand but could appeal to those gamers outside the male-dominated , core audience of traditional Atari games . Wilson is counting on a blend of reinterpreted classics and original games for the social and mobile gaming arena to drive Atari 's business for the near future . The company has slimmed down to 65 employees , most of whom are targeting the mobile gaming platform . "  If we stay true to the original brand ideas and we work with some of the best talent in the industry and we listen to our consumers , I think we have a very good opportunity to make a big statement and bring Atari to a new stage , " he said . "  We have an opportunity to bring back a powerful brand that consumers know and love . "	Atari has been synonymous with games and gaming since its founding in 1972 About five years ago , Atari got away from developing to focus on publishing Atari released "  Atari 's Greatest Hits " for the iOS last year
It was one year ago Thursday that Jorge Mario Bergoglio became Pope Francis . From that moment , Jesuits around the world asked the same question : "  Is he still a Jesuit ? " If someone becomes a pope , and therefore head of all Catholic religious orders -- Franciscans , Dominicans , Benedictines , Jesuits and so on -- is he still a member of his religious order ? Since then , that question been answered several times by Pope Francis , who in gatherings with his brother Jesuits has spoken of "  We Jesuits . " Beyond the Jesuit parlor game of "  Is he or is n't he ? " the Pope 's Jesuit identity is a key way to understand this world phenomenon of a pontiff . In fact , many of the words and deeds that have so shocked the world flow naturally from his Jesuit background . Let 's look at five : Humility . Is there anyone who has not noticed Francis ' humility ? His first public gesture as Pope was not to bless the vast crowd in St. Peter 's Square but to request the crowd 's blessing . A few days later , he turned down the traditional papal digs in the grand Apostolic Palace in favor of a modest suite at a Vatican guesthouse . Just this week , a photo taken of members of the Vatican staff on their annual retreat showed the Pope seated in their midst , along with the other bishops and cardinals , as just another person on retreat . Humility of course is a Christian virtue , but it is also something that St. Ignatius Loyola , the 16th-century founder of the Jesuits , specifically asked Jesuit priests and brothers to embrace . There are three kinds of humility , St. Ignatius said . The first is exemplified by the person who does nothing immoral . The second is the one who , when faced with honor or dishonor , is "  indifferent . " The third is the person who chooses the humbler path , to be more like Jesus . Pope Francis exemplifies this "  Third Degree of Humility . " How to really measure the ` Francis effect ' Poverty . Francis is the first Jesuit Pope and the first from a religious order since 1831 . That means he is the first Pope to have lived under a "  vow of poverty " since the mid-19th century . All priests are supposed to live simply , but members of religious orders take a specific vow of poverty . "  Almighty and eternal God ... " begins the Jesuit vows : In other words , members of religious orders make a promise to God to live simply . Thus , for most of his adult life -- until he became a bishop and was released from that vow -- Jorge Mario Bergoglio owned nothing of his own . As all members of religious orders , he had to live on a strict budget . He had to turn into his community anything he earned and any gifts . He had to ask for cash for large purchases , such as a suit . This accustomed Bergoglio to a simple life , which many find one of his most appealing aspects . It also heightened his compassion for people who live not in voluntary poverty , as he did , but involuntary poverty , as the poor and marginalized do . Governance . Pope Francis had some longtime Vaticanologists scratching their heads when he appointed a group of eight cardinals to advise him and assist him in reforming the Vatican Curia , or central bureaucracy . The "  G8 , " as the cardinals have inevitably become known , have already implemented changes in such complex areas as the Vatican Bank . Many wondered why the Pope did n't rely more on the heads of the specific Vatican offices for this kind of close consultation . Why were n't the "  G8 " the prefects of the largest Vatican congregations ? But to most Jesuits his "  way of proceeding , " as St. Ignatius liked to say , was familiar . Before becoming archbishop of Buenos Aires , Bergoglio was the Jesuit "  provincial , " or regional superior , of Argentina . As all Jesuit provincials do , he selected province "  consultors " who advise the provincial on all manner of decisions . Because they usually do not work directly in province governance , the provincial can rely on them to speak openly and candidly . With the "  G8 , " the Pope is replicating the familiar Jesuit model of governance . Prayer . Often you will hear Pope Francis say something similar to what he said in a homily recently to a parish in Rome when he asked parishioners to close their eyes and imagine themselves in a Gospel scene , in this case at the Jordan River at the Baptism of Jesus . "  Now speak to Jesus , " he said . Last Easter he asked listeners to picture themselves with the women disciples approaching Jesus ' tomb on Easter Sunday . This is a key characteristic of Jesuit prayer : asking the person to use their imagination and let God work through that . In homilies , reflections and speeches , Francis most often does not tell his listeners what to think , he invites them to imagine and think for themselves . It is not the Pope 's Jesus whom you are invited to meet , but your own . Openness . Jesuits are asked to "  Find God in all things . " Again , this is not simply a Jesuit virtue but a Christian one . Yet that brief motto is the most commonly cited way of summing up Jesuit spirituality . And "  all things " means all people . This includes those people who have felt excluded , or unwelcome , in the church . So although his message is based on simple Christian mercy , the world has witnessed the Pope repeatedly inviting the church to experience God in places that some other Catholic leaders may have overlooked or even ignored . Atheists , divorced and remarried Catholics , and gay men and lesbians , have all seen the Pope reach out to them . Francis is not so much trying to find God there -- because he knows that God is already there -- as he is reminding others to look for God in the lives of all these people . Other Jesuit hallmarks could be added to the list , such as flexibility , freedom and an emphasis on social justice . But overall , when Jesuits watch the Pope , we often nod our heads and say , "  That 's very Jesuit . " Over the past year , Jesuits have been accused of being too proud of Pope Francis . I 'm guilty myself . So at the risk of pride , I 'll say that I think he 's a great Pope , a great priest and a great Jesuit . And I 'll bet St. Ignatius would be proud -- or as proud as he would allow himself to be .	James Martin : Jesuits wonder if Pope Francis , when elected , was still a member of their order Martin : He has identified with the Jesuits , and his life reflects the order 's teachings Humility , poverty , prayer and "  finding God in all things " are Jesuit ideals , he says Martin : Pope Francis is a great leader who would please St. Ignatius , founder of Jesuits
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- An eerie silence hangs over Havana 's main sea-front avenue as smoke drifts out of a lone abandoned car . Suddenly , dozens of bloodied figures lurch into view , some with empty eye sockets , others dragging limbs behind them . It 's another day on location for "  Juan of the Dead , " Cuba 's first zombie movie , a mix of camp gore and wry satire . In this version , the communist government blames the zombie invasion on U.S.-backed dissidents intent on destabilizing the country . The hero Juan is an unemployed loafer who sees a chance to make a buck . For a price , he and his partner will eliminate your possessed loved ones for you . The writer-director calls it a zombie comedy , but also a very Cuban movie . "  We always do the same thing in the face of trouble , " Alejandro Brugues told CNN . "  First we try to make some money out of it . Then we try to leave the country . And that 's what our heroes do throughout the film . " When the living dead overrun the city , Juan and his partner convert their car into a raft and must decide whether to flee Miami , Florida , - recalling a real-life incident in 2004 when would-be Cuban migrants hit the Florida straits in a floating 1959 Buick . The film also gently pokes fun at the island 's political rhetoric . The pre-production teaser promises : "  Fifty years after the triumph of the Revolution , a new revolution is about to begin . " It also features pictures of its hero Juan alongside Cuba 's independence fighters and the likes of Che Guevara . It is the second film for 34-year-old Brugues and his young partners , who created their own production company called "  5a Avenida " or "  5th Avenue . " "  For four years we were the only ones who believed in our project , " says co-producer Inti Herrera . "  All of sudden you have a hundred people on the set and all these collaborators . " They got the backing of Cuba 's official Film Institute and also signed up Spain 's La Zanfona Producciones . And they cobbled together a $ 2.3 million budget , big by Cuban standards , mostly to finance special effects , which will be added in post-production . "  I think in some ways , it makes sense that this whole idea was launched by a group of young people , " said another co-producer Claudia Calvino , 27 . "  We are n't afraid , so we just jump right in and keep pushing until things get done . " On location , "  Juan of the Dead " is a mixture of sophisticated filmmaking equipment , much of it from Spain , and low-tech Cuban know-how . When producers ran into problems getting permission to use a boat to film some water scenes , they set their cameras up on Styrofoam rafts borrowed from local fishermen . And when it came to making the zombie-mobile , they did what so many Cubans do : They found an old 1950s American car rotting in a garage and tinkered until it was road-ready . "  It 's been fun so far , " says Brugues . "  In reality , I do n't want it to end . " The movie will be ready to hit theaters next year , but filmmakers are hoping to secure a coveted spot at one of the prestigious film festivals first .	"  Juan of the Dead , " Cuba 's first zombie movie , a mix of camp gore and wry satire Writer-director calls it a zombie comedy , but also a very Cuban movie Backed by Cuba 's official Film Institute and Spain 's La Zanfona Producciones
Washington  CNN  -- JPMorgan Chase announced last week that it lost $ 2 billion as the result of some complicated trades intended to hedge against economic risk , which according to its top executive is apparently not as bad as it sounds . "  This is a stupid thing we should never have done , but we are still going to earn a lot of money this quarter . It 's not like this company is jeopardized -- we hurt ourselves and our credibility , yes , and we 've got to fully expect that and pay the price for that , " CEO Jamie Dimon said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . Explain it to me : How did JPMorgan lose that much money ? To be perfectly clear , JPMorgan did not lose taxpayer money . It lost its own money . Still , the news shook up Wall Street and Capitol Hill with bad flashbacks . "  Well , this is a big surprise because this particular bank is well-respected . It is well-led . And so , to have this kind of a loss from hedging activities is a big surprise , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  I think what it points out that there are no rules of the road for hedging and for derivatives . And this needs to happen . " After the meltdown three years ago that nearly took the country over a cliff , Congress passed Dodd-Frank , a regulatory law to rein in risky investments and prevent the need for future government bailouts . Writing the regulations has been a ferocious battle , particularly over something called the Volcker Rule , after former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker . It would ban banks from trading with their own funds . Worried about damaging the industry 's ability to protect itself and hurting the recovery , the Treasury Department , Republicans and Wall Street have been trying to water it down . Dimon , a kind of a shining light in the industry , is a leading opponent of the Volcker Rule . Or has been until maybe now . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , told "  Meet the Press " that the price to be paid "  will be that they will lose their battle in Washington to weaken the rule . That is the real price . " If Dimon has lost his voice , Republicans have not . "  Bear in mind , the Dodd-Frank bill , 2,300 pages , they 've already had 400 rule-making sessions , and this is where you have so much government regulation coming in that you ca n't see the forest for the trees , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , said on ABC 's "  This Week . " It is , as talking head after talking head conceded , very complicated . But not all of it . "  In how we manage that portfolio , we did lose $ 2 billion trading . In hindsight , we took far too much risk , " Dimon said . "  The strategy we had was barely vetted . It was barely monitored . It should never have happened . " Unfortunately , the part that is clear is not reassuring . Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET . For the latest from State of the Union click here .	JPMorgan Chase lost $ 2 billion in hedge fund trading CEO Jamie Dimon has been leading opponent of today 's tighter regulations His fight to loosen regulations has been damaged , Candy Crowley observes
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , has some harsh words for the recently released Benghazi report , led by his own party . "  I think the report is full of crap , " Graham told Gloria Borger on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  I do n't believe that the report is accurate , given the role that Mike Morell  deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency at the time  played in misleading the Congress on two different occasions . Why did n't the report say that ? " The investigative report Graham is referring to was released Friday by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , and Ranking Member Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Maryland . The report finds little to support the questions that have been raised about CIA actions on the ground in Benghazi the night of the deadly attack on September 11 , 2012 . Graham , who has maintained a critical voice in the Benghazi controversy over the past two years , says it 's "  garbage " that the report finds no members of the Obama administration lied to cover up what happened in Benghazi . "  That 's a bunch of garbage , " Graham said . "  That 's a complete bunch of garbage . " The investigation also found the security at the diplomatic outpost was weak and also described a "  flawed " process used to create talking points for House members and for then-U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , whose public statements after the attack incensed critics who said the administration was trying to avoid calling the attack terrorism . "  When Susan Rice was on television after the attack , she said on three different occasions the consulate was strongly , and significantly secure , " Graham said . "  Nothing could be further than that from the truth , and there 's nothing in the talking points about the level of security . " To conclude , Graham says the findings of the report prove the House Intelligence Committee "  is doing a lousy job policing their own . " "  Anybody who has followed Benghazi at all knows that the CIA deputy director did not come forward to tell Congress what role he played in changing the talking points and the only way we knew he was involved is when he told a representative at the White House , " Graham said . Asked why the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee would be "  buying a bunch of garbage , " Graham simply replied , "  good question . " Graham said he is going to take another look at the findings of the report . "  I 'm going to do a hard review of this . "	S.C. Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham : "  I do n't believe that the report is accurate " He says the House Intelligence Committee left out critical information Graham says "  is doing a lousy job policing their own "
CNN  -- Jennifer Lawrence might be the celebrity muscle of the "  Hunger Games " sequel "  Catching Fire , " but viewers will soon find Oahu , Hawaii , to be the superstar of the film . With the next "  Hunger Games " movie opening today amid a sea of buzz , fans of Suzanne Collins ' trilogy are lining up to see Katniss and Peeta battle it out against other victors in the Quarter Quell , the 75th Hunger Games competition . But they may also come away wanting to take a trip to the Aloha State . Although much of the preliminary filming of "  Catching Fire " took place on the U.S. mainland , the cast and crew spent five weeks in the dense jungles and pristine beaches of the North Shore of Oahu , enjoying the sun , sand and aloha of the 50th state . Now , travelers heading to Hawaii can retrace the stars ' footprints along the jungles and beaches that played host to Panem 's annual battle-to-the-death match in "  Catching Fire . " North Shore Bay as saltwater lake Though the North Shore of Oahu might be known for its massive swells , location scouts needed a beach with clear , calm water to act as the saltwater lake in the Quell arena . Honolulu Film Commissioner Walea Constantinau recommended Kawela Bay as the perfect location for a crucial scene when the tributes appear on top of the lake , ready for battle . Kawela Bay is stunning crescent of crystal blue popular with green sea turtles and paddle boarders , a hobby cast members took up in between takes . Access this secluded and sacred beach by walking 30 minutes from Turtle Bay Resort along the coast during low tide . Running through the jungles like Katniss and Peeta You wo n't be racing from skin-eating fog or wild monkey-like creatures when exploring the lush North Shore , but you can get swallowed by greenery while hiking through one of Hawaii 's most sacred valleys . Many of the film 's jungle scenes were filmed in remote locations in the North Shore 's Waimea Valley that are off-limits to tourists . However , you can still follow in the footsteps of Katniss and Peeta escaping the blistering fog or hearing jabberjays  likely mynah birds  in this natural wonderland . Those wanting to try racing through the jungles can access Waimea Valley , which is almost 40 miles from Waikiki , via the valley 's visitor center east of Haleiwa . Take a short hike through the reconstructed ancient village to spot endangered birds , archeological sites , replicas of ancient sacred structures called heiaus and the 40-foot Waimea Falls , which you can swim under . North Carolina lures ` Hunger Games ' fans Closer to Waikiki , the Manoa Valley Trail system -- which portrayed another part of the movie 's Arena jungle -- is a series of strenuous hikes that will test your Katniss-like endurance . The most popular path , the Manoa Falls Trail , skirts through bamboo and along streams and meets up with the 150-foot Manoa Falls . Real adventurers can take a series of trailheads through the dense forest of Manoa Valley and up behind Paradise Park , a former animal performance venue , where scenes from "  Catching Fire " and the popular television show "  Lost " were filmed . Luxe it up like the stars Since much of the filming took place on the North Shore , many of the cast and crew stayed at Turtle Bay Resort , a location also featured in the film "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall . " Perched atop the edge of Kuilima Cove , the resort offers access to a lovely beach perfect for snorkeling , horseback riding , kayaking and stand up paddle boarding lessons . Cast member and Hawaii resident Woody Harrelson was known to escape to nearby beaches on his breaks from filming to brave the infamous North Shore swells . Actress Jennifer Lawrence was spotted poolside on numerous occasions . They also filmed one day at the hotel 's Bay View Beach , steps from the Ocean Villas , where many cast members and their families stayed and celebrated Thanksgiving last year . Cast and crew appreciated the onsite restaurant Ola 's and Lei Lei 's Bar & Grill . They also reportedly spent many nights at the resort 's Surfer , The Bar , run in collaboration with Surfer magazine . This is the place to be on the North Shore , with great cocktails and live music nightly . Oahu resident Jack Johnson recently popped in to play an impromptu set . Hawaii 's film legacy Film buffs who want more than "  the Hunger Game "  s version of Hawaii can drive along the Windward Coast of Oahu to Halona Cove , a speck of beach beyond Halona Blowhole ; this is where Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr had their famed beach kiss in "  From Here to Eternity . " For an in-depth look at Oahu 's cinematic history , consider the Kualoa Ranch movie tour . Just 22 miles north of Honolulu , this peaceful 4,000-acre preserve offers guided tours of the dozens of film and TV programs shot throughout the property , including the scene in the first "  Jurassic Park " when the ostrich-like dinosaurs were escaping the T-Rex . Travelers wanting to revisit "  Lost , " "  Hawaii Five-0 " and other Oahu film locations can book an off-road vehicle tour of the Windward Coast and Ka'a ` awa Valley with Kos Tours . They are rumored to be developing a "  Hunger Games " tour , so be sure to bring your bow and arrow , and "  may the odds forever be in your favor . "	Hike through the Waimea Valley and enter the Hunger Games ' jungle Visit the stunning saltwater lake featured in the Quell Arena Hang out in the Hawaii hotel to the stars , and eat and drink where they did
CNN  -- From Wall Street to the City of London , the world of finance has long been marred by a gender imbalance in the coveted C-suite . But Lloyd 's of London , the oldest insurance market in the world , took the sector by surprise when it named industry veteran Inga Beale as the next CEO -- the first ever female to take on the role in the organization 's 325 year history . On the heels of Lloyd 's historic appointment , CNN names some fellow female financial trailblazers also making an impact on the world economy . Inga Beale When Inga Beale joins Lloyd 's of London this January , she will become the first ever female chief executive to lead the insurance market in its 325-year-old history . With a slew of international experience built up over her 30-year career , she most recently served as group chief executive of Canopius , a privately held Lloyd 's insurer . Beale also worked as the global chief underwriting officer at Zurich Insurance . Taking over from current CEO Richard Ward , she will be responsible for pushing through the tech modernization drive along with boosting growth in Latin America and Asia . Sri Mulyani Indrawati Since serving as Indonesia 's minister of finance and coordinating minister of economic affairs , Sri Mulyani Indrawati has moved to the international stage with a senior leadership role at the World Bank . Joining in 2010 , she became the managing director and chief operating officer for the prestigious international finance institution where her role involves providing financial capital to developing countries -- the World Bank 's ultimate goal of reducing world poverty . Christine Lagarde As managing director of the International Monetary Fund , Christine Lagarde has become a force majeure in the world of global finance . In 2007 , she became the first woman in France to serve as minister of finance , economy and trade -- experience which seems to have proven invaluable since assuming the top job from Dominique Strauss-Kahn at the IMF in June 2011 . Janet Yellen Upon Senate confirmation , Janet Yellen is poised to become the first female chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve when current head Ben Bernanke steps down in January . She has extensive experience as a public servant -- she currently serves as Bernanke 's deputy in a role she has held for the last three years . Her longstanding career in academia has also put her in good stead to assume leadership of the central bank . Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala has had an impressive career serving as Nigeria 's finance minister and then briefly Foreign Affairs Minister -- the first woman to hold either position . A graduate of Harvard , she earned a Ph.D. in regional economics and development at MIT and then spent 21 years as a development economist at the World Bank working her way up to managing director . As Nigeria 's current finance minister , she has continued to work to fight corruption , bring transparency to the nation 's finances and institute reforms to make the economy more attractive for foreign investment . Watch : World Bank boss ' quest to end poverty	Lloyd 's of London announces first ever female boss will take over in January Industry veteran Inga Beale will become CEO -- a first in the company 's 325-year history CNN takes a look at other financial trailblazers in world economy
