CNN  -- The Peace Corps is slashing operations in Honduras and scaling back in El Salvador and Guatemala , citing security concerns in a region beset by violence linked to the lucrative drug trade . The U.S. program currently has 158 volunteers serving in Honduras . They are all scheduled to come home early next year on administrative leave , and the Peace Corps "  will review the safety and security climate in Honduras before continuing with volunteer operations , " the agency said in a statement issued this week . In a similar but less severe move , the Peace Corps canceled its January training classes for new volunteers in El Salvador and Guatemala . It said it will enhance support to the 113 volunteers in El Salvador and the 222 volunteers currently serving in Guatemala . "  The safety and security of all Peace Corps volunteers is the agency 's highest priority , " said Peace Corps Director Aaron S. Williams . He added that the program will conduct a "  full review " of its operations in Honduras , where homicide rates more than doubled between 2005 and 2010 , according to a recent U.N. report . Much like its neighbor to the north , Mexico , Central America is struggling to get a grip on violent crime . Drug cartels use the region as a strategic way station between South America , where most of the world 's coca is grown , and North America , a major cocaine market . Coca is the raw ingredient for cocaine . The Peace Corps has operated since 1963 in Honduras and Guatemala , sending more than 5,500 and 4,800 Americans to serve in each country , respectively . It operated in El Salvador between 1962 and 1979 , and returned in 1993 .	All 158 volunteers currently serving in Honduras will be placed on administrative leave Training classes for new volunteers are canceled for El Salvador and Guatemala Peace Corps has operated in Honduras since 1963 Homicide rates there more than doubled between 2005 and 2010
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , a senior political contributor for CNN , is senior presidential fellow at the Kalikow Center for the Study of the American Presidency at Hofstra University . He was White House political director for President Reagan and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee . Ed Rollins says Obama appeased UN delegations "  led by tyrants and petty dictatorships . " NEW YORK  CNN  -- The president had his first foray into the byzantine world of U.N. politics last week and walked away cheered on by the anti-America crowd . He appeased the delegations led by tyrants and petty dictatorships by condemning President Bush and spelling out how his administration is going to be different . President Obama was applauded by Castro , Chavez , and Gadhafi  no friends of ours  when he said he wanted a "  new era of engagement in the world . " Are either of those three dictators going to be better world citizens or kinder , gentler leaders as a result of Obama 's outreach ? Put me in the doubtful column . No American president has ever stood before the U.N. body and condemned his predecessor or American foreign policy in such a way . President Bush , like every president before him made some mistakes , but he did not deserve this put down . And let 's not forget America was attacked on September 11 , 2001 , and thousands of American lives were lost . President Bush and his team got us through all that and kept us safe for the rest of his terms . And I hope Mr. Obama realizes the "  haters " of America are still out there . Historically , American foreign policy has been pretty consistent whether a Democrat or Republican occupies the Oval Office . President Obama 's style may be different and more pacifying but at the end of the day he hopefully will be conducting business that benefits American interests and not the lowest common denominator interests of the United Nations membership . If not , he will join his fellow Democrat , Jimmy Carter , as a one-termer . We know President Obama loves lofty rhetoric and he does it well . The public 's question should be can he deal with reality ? And can he relate that reality to us as he makes the very tough decisions he faces in the weeks and months ahead ? Last Thursday , the president , chairing the United Nations National Security Council , pushed through a six-page resolution that was approved unanimously 15-0 . The resolution urged a world without nuclear weapons . President Obama stated : "  We must never stop until we see the day when nuclear arms have been banished from the face of the earth . " Some may see that as an admirable goal but the hard truth is that the five permanent members of the Security Council : China , France , the Russian Federation , the United Kingdom and the United States all have nuclear weapons and none of them -- including the United States -- are giving them up . They may downgrade and diminish the stockpile a little , but nobody 's going "  no nuke . " You add the other three nuclear powers -- Pakistan , India and Israel  although they do n't admit or deny  -- and nobody is disarming . Russia , which along with us has the largest stockpile , could n't get out of the room fast enough before saying "  not us ! " The real work of the U.N. Security Council should have been condemning and again warning North Korea and Iran that they are not welcome into the nuclear club and that every effort is going to be used to stop them from continuing on that path . It took French President Nicolas Sarkozy to call the Security Council exercise weak and to chastise its members , including President Obama , for not condemning Iran and North Korea more forcefully . "  How , before the eyes of the world , could we justify meeting without tackling them ? " He went on to say : "  We live in the real world , not a virtual world . And the real world expects us to take decisions . " Iran 's reaction to their "  view of the real world " was to walk away from the U.N. meeting and test-fire missiles with sufficient range to strike Israel and parts of Europe and American bases . Far from being humbled , a senior Revolutionary Guard official told the semi-official Fars news agency , "  Iranian missiles are able to target any place that threatens Iran . " I for one would like to remind them that we have a lot more missiles then they have and we can strike any place they fire a missile from . Of course , I am not a diplomat and never have been one -- for obvious reasons . The second exercise in reality is the very tough decision the president must make on Gen. McChrystal 's recommendation for more troops to get the job done in Afghanistan . Gen. McChrystal is the president 's handpicked commander of forces in "  the war of necessity "  President Obama 's term  in Afghanistan . The acclaimed and well-respected general was allowed to pick his team and was asked in very short order to make an assessment . He has done that and his assessment -- as everyone else including the British and the Soviet Union , who has ever gone to war in Afghanistan found out -- is that the going is tough and without more troops defeat is a very real possibility . The president wisely is getting the best counsel possible from his foreign affairs team , an experienced group that will have many opinions as to the direction he needs to follow . This maybe the toughest decision of his presidency and whatever direction he takes he will be widely criticized by his friends and enemies alike . The important thing to remember , is this is where he needs to educate the public . If he expands this war , he needs a skeptical public to support him . If he tries an alternative to Gen. McChrystal 's plan , he will be judged on the end results and that may be very risky . You combine this with the president 's promise to close Guantanamo by the end of the year ,  not going to happen  get health care passed , eliminate ear marks  The Senate defense appropriations bill has nearly 800 at a cost of $ 2.65 billion and no threat of a veto anywhere  , and you can see a tough fall ahead . As if he does n't have enough on his plate , he is flying off to Denmark to head the lobbying effort for his hometown Chicago 's final presentation to the International Olympic Committee to host the 2016 games . He will once again find out if his powers of persuasion work on foreign leaders and hopefully for the hometown they will work better then they did last week . At least the president will quickly find out this week if he 's as good a salesman as he and his team think he is because the IOC makes its decision Friday . International Olympic politics is as tough as Chicago politics , and being loved has nothing to do with getting results . The outcome will be awaited with great anticipation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Castro , Chavez , Gadhafi applauded Obama speech He says winning over U.S. foes is n't an important foreign policy goal He says Obama faces very tough decision on troop levels in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy battled back from a poor start to claim his second straight major title in the fading gloom of Valhalla Sunday with a one-shot victory over Phil Mickelson in the PGA Championship . In near pitch darkness , the 25-year old from Northern Ireland parred the final hole for a three-under 68 to finish on 16-under 268 and deny American veteran Mickelson his sixth major title at 44 years of age . McIlroy was winning the Wanamaker Trophy for the second time and his fourth major , consolidating his status as world number one . The overnight leader trailed Rickie Fowler by three shots as he turned for his back nine but rekindled his hopes with a stunning eagle on the par-five 10th to go 14-under . But up ahead , Fowler was joined on 15-under by playing partner Mickelson and Sweden 's Henrik Stenson , who was also making a tremendous last round charge . McIlroy , bidding for his third straight victory after his British Open and WGC-Bridgestone titles , refused to be daunted and a birdie on the 13th saw him draw level . First Stenson , then Fowler and Mickelson dropped shots to go back to 14-under and when McIlroy birdied the 17th he led by two playing the last . With the light fading fast , Fowler and Mickelson agreed to let McIlroy and his last day partner Bernd Wiesberger of Austria to also hit their tee shots on the 18th , effectively playing it as a fourball . McIlroy nearly found the water with his drive and had to settle for his par , while Mickelson made his birdie to edge ahead of Fowler and Stenson into second place . American pair Jim Furyk and Ryan Palmer finished on 12-under in joint fifth . McIlroy thanked Mickelson and Fowler for their sportsmanship as he accepted the trophy and said there was never any doubt in his mind he would finish the job Sunday . "  I wanted to win this thing and get out of here , " he said . His latest triumph completed a remarkable run for McIlroy , who had endured a difficult 2013 after first PGA Championship success two years ago . "  I 'd never dreamed I 'd have a summer like this , " he admitted . Only the U.S. Masters title now eludes McIlroy to complete a full set of the majors and he will surely focus his efforts on the 2015 edition at Augusta in search of a hat-trick of successes at golf 's highest level .	Rory McIlroy wins PGA Championship at Valhalla Second straight major for world number one Has to withstand challenge from U.S. pair Mickelson and Fowler Tournament finishes in gloom after rain delay
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in South Africa on Friday for the second leg of a trip overshadowed by the deteriorating health of anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela . Obama did not appear to rule out a visit to see the ailing former president , but said he will leave it up to the family . "  We 'll see what the situation is when we land , " he said en route to Johannesburg . "  I do n't need a photo op , and the last thing I want to do is to be in any way obtrusive at a time when the family is concerned with Nelson Mandela 's condition . " The president left the United States on Wednesday for Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania -- his second visit to sub-Saharan Africa since taking office . The trip aims to bolster African investment opportunities for U.S. businesses , address development issues such as food security and health , and promote democracy . It comes as China aggressively engages the continent , pouring billions of dollars into it and replacing the United States as Africa 's largest trading partner . Obama heads to Africa to promote investment , democracy During his last day in Dakar , Senegal , Obama attended a food security session , where he met with farmers and innovators whose technologies are bolstering the lives of regional farmers . "  I know that millet and maize and fertilizer does n't always make for sexy copy , but ... I think if the American people knew the kind of work that is being done as a consequence of their generosity and their efforts , I think they would be very proud , " he said . The event in the Senegalese capital Friday was his last before he jetted off to South Africa . Mandela 's condition Mandela is clinging to life at a hospital in Pretoria , an issue weighing heavily in the continent , where he retains massive popularity despite his retirement from public life . His condition has improved , but his health remains delicate , said his ex-wife , Winnie Madikizela-Mandela . "  I can say that from what he was a few days ago , there is great improvement , but clinically he is still unwell , " she told reporters . Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting apartheid , South Africa 's system of racial segregation . He was elected the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he remains popular worldwide . Mandela , the U.S. president said , is a hero to him and many others . "  If and when he passes from this place , one thing I think we 'll all know is that his legacy is one that will linger on throughout the ages , " Obama said . He said he had read Mandela 's writings and speeches , and understood "  that this was somebody who believed in that basic principle I just talked about -- treating people equally -- and was willing to sacrifice his life for that belief . " Obama 's visit to South Africa will include a stop at Robben Island , where Mandela spent a majority of his decades in prison . The White House schedule does not include a visit with the anti-apartheid icon . Senegal visit During a news conference Thursday in Dakar , Obama called on countries worldwide to decriminalize homosexuality , a day after the U.S. Supreme Court handed a major victory to proponents of same-sex marriage by striking down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act . Every group of people has a right to its own views , Obama said . "  But when it comes to how the state treats people -- how the law treats people -- I believe that everybody has to be treated equal , " he said . The remarks came in response to a question from CNN 's Jessica Yellin on whether Obama was pressing his Senegalese counterpart on the issue . Homosexuality is illegal in Senegal . "  Senegal is a very tolerant country which does not discriminate in terms of inalienable rights of human beings , " Senegalese President Macky Sall said . "  People are not refused jobs for being gay , " he said . "  But we are still not ready to decriminalize homosexuality . " In Senegal , Obama also visited Goree Island , which once served as a strategic post in the transatlantic slave trade . Obama will spend the weekend in South Africa and then head to Tanzania , his last stop before returning to Washington next week . See also : Obama 's goal in Africa : Counter China	Obama says visiting Mandela will depend on the family 's wishes His visit comes as Nelson Mandela 's illness weighs heavily on the nation Mandela is a hero to many , the U.S. president says Obama 's visit will include a stop at Robben Island , where Mandela spent time in prison
Caracas  CNN  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said Saturday an unspecified number of Americans were arrested "  a few days ago " for engaging in espionage and recruitment activities . The President said they included an American pilot of Latin American origin , arrested in the southwest border state of Táchira . He said the pilot was found in possession of "  all kinds of documents " and was being interrogated by the authorities , though he did not identify him . The Venezuelan government has made many similar claims in recent years , without ever substantiating them . Maduro also announced Saturday a series of measures , including visa requirements for U.S. citizens and the downsizing of the U.S. Embassy in Caracas , to counteract what he called U.S. "  interference " in his country . Venezuela has in recent weeks accused the United States of being behind an alleged coup plot . Speaking at an "  anti-imperialist " rally in the capital , Maduro said visas would now be required for all U.S. visitors and that the U.S. Embassy in Caracas would now need foreign ministry approval for any meetings . The Embassy , which he said had more than 100 staff , is to be reduced to a number closer to the 17 Venezuelan diplomats based in Washington . Moreover , a group of prominent U.S. officials , current and retired , will be banned from entering Venezuela because of what Maduro said was their involvement in "  bombing Iraq , Syria and Vietnam " and other "  terrorist " actions . The officials include George W. Bush , former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney , former CIA Director George Tenet and several current members of Congress , including Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , Bob Menendez and Mario Diaz-Balart . Following the Maduro 's announcement Diaz-Balart reacted via Twitter , saying he has "  always wanted to travel to a corrupt country that is not a free democracy . And now Castro 's lap dog wo n't let me ! " The move comes after the U.S. government last month approved a law under which Venezuelan officials allegedly involved in human rights violations are to have their visas revoked and their U.S. assets frozen . A relatively small , but noisy crowd , dressed mostly in revolutionary red , applauded and cheered the measures announced by the President from a platform outside the presidential palace in downtown Caracas . Four missionaries from Bethel Evangelical Free Church in Devils Lake , North Dakota were released by Venezuelan authorities on Saturday , a church official said . Pastor Bruce Dick said the missionaries arrived in Venezuela on February 20 and were detained a few days ago . "  We love the Venezuelan people and have served alongside them for over 12 years , " Dick said . "  We have been praying along with hundreds or thousands of others for their release and for those in Venezuela who also have been affected by this . " It is unclear if the detention and release of these Americans is connected to Maduro 's charges of espionage . Journalist Phil Gunson reported from Caracas . CNN 's Juan Carlos Lopez , Florencia Trucco and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Four Americans missionaries were released Saturday after being detained a few days ago Not clear if this is related to detained Americans mentioned by Venezuelan President Maduro Maduro also banned George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , others from entering Venezuela Venezuela will now require Americans to get a visa to visit
CNN  -- The use of drones to carry out military strikes is controversial , to say the least . U.S. lawmakers and international leaders continue to examine the legality of the unmanned attacks and whether their role in curbing terrorism outweighs the risk of unintended casualties . But British artist James Bridle has made up his mind -- and he 's adopting Web and mobile tools to tell his side of the story . "  There are many ways to approach the use of drones , but being against it , my take is old school : raising awareness , " he told CNN . "  This means not only knowing that drone strikes are happening , but knowing how we frame it , how we understand it . " His Dronestagram is a project that blends art and technology in an effort to show Americans , and others , a side of warfare that few will ever see in person . The project collects what it says are Google Earth images of the locations of drone strikes . The photos are then posted to Instagram , the Facebook-owned photo-sharing app more customarily used to share filtered images of skylines , cappuccinos and other much lighter fare . From there , they 're pushed to popular blogging platform Tumblr and Twitter . The idea , Bridle said , is to make the strikes "  just a little bit more visible , a little closer , a little more real . " He notes the irony of using technology , from GPS location data to mobile social-sharing , to report on a uniquely high-tech form of warfare . "  History , like space , is co-produced by us and our technologies , " Bridle told CNN . "  Those technologies include satellite mapping , social photo sharing from handheld devices , and fleets of flying death robots . "  We should engage with them at every level . ... We have gotten better at immediacy and intimacy online : Perhaps we can be better at empathy too . " A spokesman for the Department of Defense declined to comment to CNN about Dronestagram or U.S. drone activity . CNN Explains : U.S. Drones The largely secretive U.S. drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies has transformed the nature of modern warfare , becoming a key weapon in the U.S. arsenal against suspected terrorists . Advocates see drones as an effective tool in the fight against extremists . Opponents worry about civilian casualties and loose oversight . While used for the past several years , the drone strikes have drawn increased attention in recent weeks since President Barack Obama nominated counter-terrorism adviser John Brennan to be the next head of the CIA . Brennan is considered by many to be the mastermind behind U.S. drone policy . A Senate committee vote on whether to confirm Brennan as CIA director is expected at the end of the month . The New America Foundation estimates that in Pakistan , between 1,953 and 3,279 people have been killed by drones since 2004 -- and that between 18 % and 23 % of them were not militants . The nonmilitant casualty rate was down to about 10 % in 2012 , the group says . In Yemen , the group estimates , between 646 and 928 people have been killed in a combination of drone strikes and airstrikes , and 623 to 860 of those killed were militants . About 2 % of those killed have been "  high-level targets , " the group said . Bridle , who describes himself as a "  writer , artist , publisher , technologist and a number of other things " on his website , launched Dronestagram in October . The Instagram account now has about 6,600 followers , with about 2,400 on Twitter and more checking in on the Tumblr blog . Bridle uses media reports and local government sites to find the locales for his images . Many , he says , are in remote areas where information on exact locations is scarce ; so if a precise location is unavailable he uses satellite views near the reported location . "  I 'm always concerned about misrepresentation , but I also make it as clear as possible in the project description that these are not exact locations , and they 're the best I can do , " he said . It 's definitely far from perfect , and I 'm sure mistakes have been made , but I just try to be clear about that . " To some observers , that undercuts the impact of his project . "  It 's not like you have the exact longitude and latitude of each strike , " said Peter Bergen , a CNN national-security analyst . "  As an art project , this  Dronestagram  is interesting , " Bergen said . "  As a piece of actual journalism ... it seems quite off . " Bridle also uses information from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism , a British independent nonprofit organization which compiles local reports of drone strikes in Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia . The debate over the use of attack drones will no doubt continue , even as U.S. troops continue to draw down in places like Afghanistan , reducing the number of combatants apt to encounter militants face-to-face . And Bridle says he 'll continue trying to put people at the scene of the strikes -- even if it 's only through the screens of their smartphones , tablets or desktop computers . "  It 's about trying to make it literally visible , " he said . "  The very nature of this kind of warfare makes the perpetrators , the victims , the landscape , essentially invisible . " CNN 's Brandon Griggs and Doug Gross contributed to this story .	Dronestagram aims to show the impact of drone strikes British artist James Bridle uses Instagram , Tumblr and Twitter for project Advocates praise drones ' effectiveness , while critics decry too many civilian deaths Artist : "  It 's about trying to make it  drone warfare  literally visible "
Washington  CNN  Bernie Sanders is well aware that if he runs for president in 2016 -- a decision he says he will announce by March -- he will face a monumental challenge . He is n't a registered Democrat , but would be vying for the party 's presidential nomination . He does n't have much name recognition , but would be likely going up against the uber-recognizable Hillary Clinton . And as of late , it does n't even seem like he has the support of his base . Liberal group MoveOn.Org ready to kick-off $ 1 million campaign In the last few months , the liberal activists inside the Democratic Party have been organizing around the possibility of a long-shot presidential run by Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , not Sanders ' seemingly more likely run . Liberal groups have been pining for a Warren run for months and on Tuesday , a coalition of groups announced they would kick off their efforts in New Hampshire with a rally and plans to open local offices . This comes despite the fact Warren bluntly said "  no " when asked if she was running in 2016 . Sanders ' hope , although he is somewhat loathe to admit it , is that he will someday get that same support . "  Obviously one would hope one would have as much support as possible from all walks of life , " he said on Tuesday when asked why he thinks those groups are n't rallying around him . "  I am a great fan of Elizabeth and as for what people do and why they do n't do it , I am not going to speculate . " Ben Wikler , the Washington Director of Move On , said that although MoveOn members have "  enormous respect for Bernie Sanders , " it is Warren who is "  on fire . " With a new knee , Webb 's still considering 2016 plans "  Sen. Warren is perfectly in tune with this moment in history and her message , which has been a consistent , singularly focused message ... resonates with an almost electric energy , " Wikler said . A source at MoveOn , however , was more blunt in their assessment of why Warren over Sanders . "  You can see when the needle breaks the gauge , " the source said . "  It happens with Warren . It happens with Warren in a way that it does n't happen with anyone else right now . " This is a problem for Sanders : The people he could once rely on -- liberal organizers -- have found someone else to support . "  If we ca n't do that , " Sanders said on invigorating the grassroots to get around him , "  then I am not going to -LSB- run -RSB- . " Campaign should focus on issues , not personality Sanders is the most serious progressive candidate actively entertaining a run at the presidency in 2016 . He has taken a number of trips to Iowa and New Hampshire , two presidential mainstays , and regularly speaks at liberal conferences across the country . On Tuesday , in an editorial board meeting with CNN , he reiterated that he was strongly considering a run as either a Democrat or a independent . But that is about all he was interested in talking about regarding 2016 . Torture report splits 2016 Democrats "  Ten minutes into this discussion and no one has asked me about any of the major issues facing this country , " Sanders said after a group of CNN producers and reporters peppered him with questions about the race , Hillary Clinton and his prospects for running . " -LSB- I have -RSB- no intention of taking on Hillary Clinton , that is not the issue , that is the wrong question , " he said . "  I am not taking on Hillary Clinton . I am taking on the issues . " To Sanders , elections should be more simplified . Candidates outline where they stand on complex issues , devoid of personality politics and poll questions about who Americans would rather have a beer with . A number of times in the hour , Sanders -- a senator who has come to be known as much for his fly-away hair as his passionate speeches in the Senate -- bluntly lamented the way political journalism in the United States focuses on personality as it does . "  I think this is not about personality , " Sanders said , raising his Vermonter-by-way-of-New York voice . "  I am not a singer , I am not a dancer , I am not an entertainer . " These 2016 long-shots think they can win ? Sanders would rather have voters know his policies , than his favorite vacation destination or his childhood icons . In Sander 's view , it was personality -- not policy -- that elected former President George W. Bush , someone the independent says was a "  very nice guy ... but the worst president this country has had . " "  I think the media , and I have to throw this back at you guys , makes it too easy to cover my grandchildren , " he said . "  Or Mitt Romney 's dog riding on the top of his car . Very interesting , but it is not important . "	Bernie Sanders needs the liberal grassroots to rally around a prospective presidential bid Liberal activists have rallied around the idea of Sen. Elizabeth Warren running for president Sanders says campaigns -- and media -- should focus on issues , not personalities
CNN  -- The short lives of disposable tableware : convenient , yet wasteful . In a Japanese fishing town , Hekinan , 300 kilometers west from Tokyo , a small family business is offering a greener alternative . Smart Business meets Sakakibara Katsuhiko , who 's innovating in the world of edible crockery . CNN : How did you first come up with the concept of edible tableware ? Sakakibara Katsuhiko : When I go to food festivals , I see bins filled with garbage , and I wondered if our manufacturing technology could do something to change it . So we decided to go beyond ice cream cones and to develop plates that are edible . The key question was how to strengthen the waterproof-ness for the plates . CNN : You currently use shrimp , salt and potato starch to create the plates . Do you plan to develop their flavor further ? SK : We are going to create a variety of flavors for the plates so that people can pair them with more food . I think it would be interesting if we could also make edible knives and folks . That would really cut down the waste . CNN : What are your ambitions for the future of the company ? SK : Japan will host the Tokyo Olympic Games in six years ' time , and I want to provide edible plates for the Games  in 2020  . CNN : How do you see Marushige Seika K. K 's development in the years to come ? SK : Our town has vibrant agriculture and fishing industry . Whenever I think about one day passing on this town to our children , I just think we simply have to make our business more environmentally friendly . Watch : ` Perfect ' bra decodes what women want Read more : How tech is transforming the entertainment industry Watch : Turning mobile advertising on its head	Disposable tableware is convenient but damaging for the environment In Japan , a small family business is hoping to extend dinner past just the items on your plate Marushige Seika K. K has developed a range of edible tableware
CNN  -- It 's been 145 years since Abraham Lincoln appeared on a ballot , but admiration for the man who saved the union and sparked the end of slavery is as strong as ever , according to a new survey . Abraham Lincoln , seen in an 1861 photo , tops the list of former presidents in a new survey of historians . Lincoln finished first in a ranking by historians of the 42 former White House occupants . The survey was released over Presidents Day weekend . The news was n't quite as good for the latest addition to the nation 's most exclusive fraternity : George W. Bush finished 36th in the survey , narrowly edging out the likes of historical also-rans Millard Fillmore , Warren Harding and Franklin Pierce . James Buchanan -- the man who watched helplessly as the nation lurched toward civil war in the 1850s -- finished last . "  As much as is possible , we created a poll that was non-partisan , judicious and fair-minded , " said Rice University professor Douglas Brinkley , who helped organize the survey of 65 historians for cable television network C-SPAN . The survey -- which asked participants to rank each president on 10 qualities of leadership ranging from public persuasion and economic management to international relations and moral authority -- was the network 's second since 2000 . See which presidents ranked highest and lowest " The hero of Springfield , Illinois , finished first nine years ago as well . "  It 's fitting that for the 200th birthday of Abraham Lincoln that he remains at the top of these presidential rankings , " Brinkley said . "  Lincoln continues to rank at the top in all categories because he is perceived to embody the nation 's avowed core values : integrity , moderation , persistence in the pursuit of honorable goals , respect for human rights , compassion , " Howard University 's Edna Medford added . Founding father George Washington finished second in the new survey , followed by Franklin D. Roosevelt , Theodore Roosevelt , and Harry Truman , in that order . Bill Clinton registered the greatest gain among recent presidents , jumping from 21st to 15th in the survey . Ronald Reagan edged forward from 11th to 10th overall , while George H.W. Bush moved up from 20th to 18th . The prize for the greatest jump in approval from historians over the last nine years , however , went to a president who has often sat near the bottom of such rankings : Ulysses S. Grant . The Civil War general jumped 10 notches , from 33rd to 23rd . Grant has traditionally received poor marks for corruption among people in his administration and the failed postwar reconstruction effort he presided over . But the nation 's 18th president may be getting a bounce from all of the recent attention focused on Lincoln , Medford said . "  Grant won the war for Lincoln , " she noted during an appearance on C-SPAN 's "  Washington Journal . " "  A new look at the totality of his career may be improving his presidential stature , " she said . "  Bill Clinton and Ulysses S. Grant are n't often mentioned in the same sentence -- until now , " historian Richard Norton Smith said . "  Participants in the latest -LSB- survey -RSB- have boosted each man significantly higher than in the original survey conducted in 2000 . All of which goes to show two things : the fluidity with which presidential reputations are judged , and the difficulty of assessing any president who has only just recently left office . " In his final news conference before stepping down last month , George W. Bush made it clear he was n't concerned with poor initial judgments of his presidency . "  There is no such thing as short-term history , " Bush said . "  I do n't think you can possibly get the full breadth of an administration until time has passed . " The survey 's participants ranked Bush 41st on international relations and 40th on economic management -- ahead of only Herbert Hoover .	65 historians ranked former presidents on various leadership qualities Abraham Lincoln ranked highest , as he did in similar survey done in 2000 James Buchanan , who watched as nation lurched toward civil war , came in last George W. Bush ranks 36th among the 42 former presidents
CNN  -- Thailand 's capital was braced for unprecedented flooding Tuesday , amid the monsoon rains that have overwhelmed much of the country and neighboring Cambodia in recent weeks . So far 269 people have been killed in Thailand , according to the country 's Flood Relief Operations Command . Some 60 of the country 's 76 provinces have so far been affected , impacting some eight million people . In Bangkok officials beefed up flood prevention measures as waterways , including the main Chao Phraya River , became bloated by rising water . On Monday , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ordered canal dredging and reinforcement of flood-prevention embankments to protect the city , state-run news agency MCOT reported . In addition , three new flood-prevention walls were being built at two locations in Rangsit , in northern Bangkok , and in Taling Chan , in the western part of the city . Tourists warned as floods continue to wreak havoc in Thailand The government needs another 1.5 million sandbags , MCOT reported . The prime minister called on the private sector to supply them , but said the government will buy all the needed sandbags by Wednesday , the news agency said . Meanwhile , around 1,200 people have taken shelter in a gymnasium at Bangkok 's Thammasat University . Most of them are from neighboring Ayutthaya province and other flood-affected areas around the capital , said Thanawat Srisuwan , a volunteer at the makeshift shelter . The authorities have set up almost 200 other temporary shelters around the city to receive flood victims . The Bangkok Metropolitan Administration said plans were in place to evacuate people from nine areas , mainly in eastern Bangkok , if needed . Elsewhere , patients in two hospitals in Thailand 's Ayutthaya and Nakhon Sawan provinces had to be evacuated after water reached the first floor , the flood operations command said . Multiple tropical weather systems have moved over the region in recent weeks , enhancing monsoon rains and leading to the flooding . Another low pressure system is forecast to move into Southeast Asia on Tuesday and Wednesday , said Brandon Miller , senior meteorologist for CNN International . According to the government website Thaiflood.com , water from northern Thailand has finally reached lower parts of central Thailand , penetrating dykes in Pathumthani and Nonthaburi provinces and flooding outer areas of Bangkok , including the market in Nonthaburi and Chiang Rang road . The giant Rojana Industrial Park has halted operations for the time being , director Amara Charoengitwattanagun told MCOT , and the facility may be further damaged if the flooding worsens . One plant in the park , Single Point Parts , evacuated all workers from the premises and built flood prevention embankments around its building . Honda also confirmed operations at its Rojana plant have been halted and it will remain closed at least until October 12 . The Japanese automaker says the closure of the plant has already affected the manufacture of 4,500 vehicles . Meanwhile the UNESCO-listed Ayutthaya historical park , which includes the ruins of the old city of Ayutthaya , has been submerged since last week , according to local authorities . "  This is the worst flood in our historical site in 16 years , " said Somsuda Leeyawanich , from the Thai Fine Arts Department . She said the water level in the park is almost three meters , compared to levels of around 80-90 centimeters during the floods of 1995 . "  We are very concerned that if the site is under water more 30 days it may cause serious damage , " she added . "  The temples are over 400 years old . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn in Bangkok contributed to this report .	Flood Relief Operations Command : 269 people have been killed in Thai flooding Monsoon rains have overwhelmed much of Thailand and neighboring Cambodia in recent weeks Bangkok officials have beefed up flood prevention measures amid rising water levels Officials say floodwaters are moving into central Thailand from northern areas
CNN  -- A pilot dragged his passenger to safety and buried him neck-deep in sand to protect him from hypothermia Sunday night after their helicopter crashed in crocodile-infested mudflats in Australia 's Northern Territory . Air ambulance workers attend to a man buried in sand following a helicopter crash . "  The pilot thought that in this remote location , nobody would find them . So he buried his friend to try and stop the hypothermia , " said Ian Badham , director of CareFlight , the air ambulance service involved in the rescue . The two friends had gone camping on a remote beach without road access , about 130 km  80 miles  from the Northern Territory capital of Darwin . While leaving Sunday night , the pair decided to fly their two-seater helicopter over waters that are home to large crocodiles . "  It 's an area known for its big saltwater crocodiles , " Badham said . "  Those things make alligators look like wussies . " The pilot later told rescuers that they flew in to take a closer look . The next thing he remembered was lying upside down in the mud with the wreckage of the helicopter on top of him , Badham said . The men , both in their 50s , were about 100 meters  328 feet  from the main beach . Finding his friend seriously hurt , the pilot dragged him back to shore , away from the crocodiles -- and buried him in sand up to his neck to prevent him from freezing to death . Rescuers responded after the pilot used a satellite phone to alert them . The friend remained hospitalized Monday in serious but stable condition , Badham said . He suffered head and chest injuries . He also fractured his arm and several ribs . The pilot suffered minor injuries . "  It was the opinion of the  air-ambulance  doctor that the friend 's injuries were grave and , quite likely , this man would not have survived the night , " Badham said .	Helicopter pilot buries injured passenger in sand to save him from hypothermia Pilot dragged him from crocodile-infested mudflats in Australia 's Northern Territory Helicopter crashed as they flew in low over mudflats to look for the giant reptiles Passenger remains hospitalized Monday in serious but stable condition
CNN  "  Wait up 2015 CNN Fit Nation Team and Dr. Sanjay Gupta -- you want me to climb up Stone Mountain -- that is over 1,500 feet straight up . Are you nuts ? " I screamed . Yes . This is actually what I signed up for when I uploaded my video to the CNN Fit Nation website in December . "  But climbing mountains on Sunday morning -- you got to be kidding me , " I exclaimed . But it was all part of the process I realized I was going to take on as I learn how to be a triathlete . After our first initial week with a trainer and nutritionist , the six of us were introduced to a whole new way of how to approach fitness and how to incorporate it into our lives . I knew it was going to be a difficult task , especially for someone like me heavily involved in civic affairs and community service . At Lifetime Fitness , our nutritionist walked us through a number of exercises on how we should look at food , nutrition and our calorie intake . After being on several diets over my lifetime , what he said was simple . To look and review your intake and replace it with other foods such as fruit and vegetables -- these small steps can be major impact on your training . Tackling nutrition and calorie intake can also be exactly how I viewed the climb up Stone Mountain . I put these nutritional issues on the backburner for years . It was pretty much like looking at the mountain that I was about to climb that morning -- where do I start , where do I begin ? -- and telling myself that it was going to be an arduous task . My training schedule has also been an uphill battle . In January and the first weeks of February , I started strong with my gym , running and swim workouts . However , as life pressures got in the way , I saw myself withering off . But luckily I have been inspired by my 2015 CNN Fit Nation teammates to keep me on track . Their updates have been truly inspiring and have helped me think about the struggles I face in my training activities . As I get older , I realize that fitness and nutrition are key to long-term health ; however , the support of friends and family is also important to help tackle your health . My team members of the CNN Fit Nation have been there for me . I recently weighed myself when I visited the doctor 's office . It has been six weeks since I hit the scale . I actually lost 20 pounds . What ! Really ! Uphill battles are hard to see when you are in the middle of them . But you keep moving . Just like that Sunday afternoon in January , I could not wait to be on the mountaintop and see the view from Stone Mountain with the members of 2015 CNN Fit Nation . And guess what ? After all this huffing and puffing over the last six weeks , I ca n't wait to see the view in September at the Malibu triathlon . It 's just another uphill mountain to climb .	George "  Chip " Greenidge Jr. says training schedule has been an uphill battle Since joining Fit Nation team , Greenidge has lost 20 pounds
CNN  -- When former Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill first went to Brazil after coining the acronym BRIC , someone asked him whether he had included the "  B " just to make the name sound good . Such skepticism is becoming common again , as investors compare the projected rate of growth in Brazil this year -- just 3 % -- to that in China and India , around 8 % and 6 % respectively . So does Brazil still deserve to be seen as an economic powerhouse ? Many would say no . Brazil grew by less than 1 % in 2012 , the lowest of the BRIC countries , and only 2.7 % in 2011 . Its problems are well known . It saves less than it invests , and 70 % of its growth comes from consumption . Credit has risen dramatically over the last few years , but many families are now heavily indebted , which slows growth . Read more : Rising Brazil tackles immigration question Over the last ten years Brazil has benefited from a commodity boom , but that boom is slowing . Brazil has become an expensive country , with a strong currency , and that has eroded the competitiveness of its industry . Ten years ago around 50 % of exports were manufactured goods ; today the proportion is closer to 35 % . The tax burden is heavy , at around 35 % of GDP , especially in comparison to the quality of services the state provides , and government spending is rising faster than GDP . Brazil 's productivity grew by only 1.3 % between 1990 and 2010 , while China led the way at 8.3 % , followed by India at 4.7 % over the same period . Read more : WTO : Emerging markets get the nod There are other causes of concern . Inflation is pushing right up against the Central Bank 's ceiling of 6.5 % per year . The balance of payments deficit is rising . Infrastructure such as ports , roads , and airports is poor , and attempts to bring in the private sector to modernize some of it , such as with airports , have not been entirely successful . Expensive electricity , an inadequately funded public sector pension system , and high interest rates round out this negative picture . Read more : Building on ` BRICS ' : The next emerging economies According to some analysts , the fundamental pillars of the Brazilian economy are being eroded . The political system seems incapable of responding to these challenges . The state 's bureaucratic machinery is cumbersome and antiquated ; corruption is rife among politicians , and effective opposition to and debate about current policies almost non-existent . The current government is planning for president Dilma Rousseff 's re-election in 2014 and there is a danger that it will postpone necessary adjustments , making a bad situation worse . So should we be talking about the RIC rather than BRIC countries ? Not really . There are three main sets of reasons why it is too early to count Brazil out as a global economic player . The first has to do with fundamentals of its economy that are often ignored by short-term investors . Brazil 's economy has a higher per capita GDP than both China and India , and as a more mature economy , it is not surprising that its growth rate is slower . Read more : Mixing sushi and samba - meet the Japanese Brazilians More importantly , the country is much less vulnerable to external shocks than it used to be . Public debt as a percentage of GDP declined from about 60 % to 35 % of GDP between 2002 and 2012 . International reserves are now $ 377 billion . Brazil attracted around $ 62 billion in foreign direct investment in 2012 , making it the largest recipient of FDI in the world after China and the United States . All of these factors are reasons to be confident in the capacity of the Brazilian economy to continue to advance in an unspectacular but steady fashion . Second , Brazil has a number of enviable attributes . It has few threats to its security , meaning that it can afford to spend relatively little on national defence . Brazil is alone among the BRIC countries in not possessing nuclear weapons . Read more : Brazil competes with China , India to invest in Africa Brazil also has a generous land to people ratio , with a large basket of natural resources , including petroleum , for a population that is relatively small  200 million  compared to China and India . It boasts a world-class agricultural sector that has not yet reached its potential . Already the largest producer in the world of soy and beef , it has the capacity to adapt more crops to its tropical soils and develop its vast land frontier . In addition , Brazil is becoming an environmental leader . Its management of the Amazon rainforest is crucial to the health of the planet , which is why the recent large reduction in the rate of deforestation has been so encouraging . It has some of the largest reserves of fresh water in the world . Almost half of all energy coming from renewable sources , mainly hydroelectric but also biofuels . There is a third and final set of factors that make Brazil stand out . Together with Russia , and unlike China and India , Brazil has reduced economic inequality in recent years . Its Gini index , a measure of income inequality , dropped from 0.63 to 0.52 from 1989 to 2009 . Between 2003 and 2011 , about 30 million Brazilians joined the so-called "  new middle class , " earning between GBP100 and GBP400 per capita per month , and gaining access to formal sector employment , credit , and the country 's large consumer market . This reduction in inequality has a racial component , because 75 % of the new middle class is non-white . It also has a gender component -- formal sector employment for females has increased 136 % in the last twenty years . It is true that Brazil 's rate of economic growth is slow compared to China and India . But so are the growth rates of most countries . Brazil tends to be the focus of exaggerated analyses of its economy . If one looks past the superficial concern about growth at Brazil 's economic fundamentals , its resources , and the extraordinary social progress that the country has made in recent decades , it seems premature to remove the "  B " from BRIC . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Pereira .	Many are asking if Brazil deserves to be seen as an economic powerhouse given its weak growth Over the last ten years Brazil has benefited from a commodity boom , but that boom is slowing The political system seems incapable of responding to these challenges But it may be too early to count Brazil out of the BRIC club , Anthony Pereira argues
There 's no arguing that Apple set the standard for modern mobile devices with the iPhone and the iPad . It did n't take long after those two products launched for competitors to rush out their own copycat devices . Even then , it took another few years before Android was good enough to go toe to toe with iOS , Apple 's mobile operating system . But it 's no longer about being just as good as Apple . You have to be better . Competitors have built upon the foundation Apple laid in mobile and are now leapfrogging it with bunch of useful features you ca n't find on iPhones and iPads . The evidence is everywhere , but it 's most apparent in products made by Apple 's biggest mobile rival , Samsung . By now , Samsung 's Galaxy devices have become synonymous with Android , to the point that the manufacturer has more brand recognition than any other phone or tablet running Google 's operating system . A lot of that has to do with Samsung 's massive marketing budget , but you ca n't ignore the fact that the company has innovated a lot by creating popular new product categories that Apple is wary to try . The best example of this is the Galaxy Note , a smartphone-tablet hybrid with a giant screen . When that device first hit the United States about a year ago , critics  including me  slammed the device for being too large . It could n't fit comfortably in your pocket . It was really thick . And it came with a stylus , that relic of the Palm Pilot era , making the Note feel like a step backward . None of that mattered . Samsung sold at least 10 million Galaxy Notes . The company came out with an updated version with an even larger screen called the Galaxy Note II a few months later and sold another 5 million  at last count  , a very big achievement for a single Android device . But more importantly , Samsung created a new category of smartphone that people did n't even know they wanted , much like Apple did when it released the first iPhone . Samsung is n't afraid to tout its cool factor either . Since the first commercial debuted in late 2011 , you 've probably seen those "  Next Big Thing " ads that make fun of starry-eyed Apple fans waiting in line for the next iPhone . Whether it 's boasting about the bigger screens or sharing content by tapping phones together , Samsung seems content to blast Apple for its stuffiness while showing in a practical context what its devices can do . On the software side of things , Samsung is taking advantage of its mobile devices ' processing power to layer premium features on top of Android , such as the ability to run two apps at once in a split screen or separate window . Samsung 's best tablet , the Galaxy Note 10.1 , can do all that plus take advantage of a stylus so you can draw and take notes on the screen . There is a downside to the split-screen thing , however . Developers have to tweak their apps to work in split-screen mode on the Note 10.1 . There are only about 20 apps right now that can do it . But what 's most important is how nimble Samsung has become at improving its mobile devices through software updates . The Note 10.1 launched last fall , but it received a software update with a new version of Android and a slew of other features like the voice assistant Google Now , which is a lot more impressive than Apple 's original Siri . Samsung 's director of product planning , Shoneel Kolhatkar , said the company takes user and reviewer feedback into account when preparing to deliver new software updates . Instead of making users wait a year for new features , Kolhatkar said Samsung can use that feedback to deliver "  incremental innovation that keeps the product alive . " "  We want to keep the product relevant to consumers , " Kolhatkar said . "  It 's about how to fit our devices into people 's lives versus changing their behavior . " Samsung is n't alone , of course . Microsoft 's new Windows 8 operating system is built for touchscreen devices like tablets , too , and it offers a lot of advantages over iOS . All Windows 8 apps can run in a split screen so you can run two at once , plus the main menu is capable of displaying real-time updates for stuff like news and weather . Microsoft even has its own line of Surface tablets that blur the line between PC and laptop thanks to a clever snap-on keyboard cover . Based on all this evidence , Apple feels behind . Take a look at its newest fourth-generation iPad . It has a killer processor and other great hardware features , but the operating system does n't take advantage of any of that . The home screen is still just a grid of static icons that launch apps . Apple also is n't nearly as versatile at adding new software features to its devices . Apple usually makes users wait a year or more for a new version of iOS , and even then some older devices ca n't access all the latest and greatest features . Apple CEO Tim Cook likes to say tablets -- not laptops -- are the future of computing , yet it feels like Apple 's software goes out of its way to limit what you can do on the machine . Meanwhile there are others , especially Samsung , that appear to be innovating at a pace faster than Apple can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Kovach .	Mobile-gadget rivals are leapfrogging Apple with useful features not on iPhones , iPads This success is most apparent with Apple 's biggest mobile rival , Samsung Samsung is more nimble than Apple at improving its devices through software updates With Galaxy Note , Samsung has a category of phone people did n't know they wanted
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Freedom lovers everywhere over a certain age recall the thrilling news 20 years ago that Nelson Mandela had been released from a Cape Town , South Africa , jail . After 27 years of isolation and hard labor , the world 's most famous political prisoner emerged without bitterness , his humanity intact . When asked what he most missed while in prison , Mandela replied that it was hearing the sounds of children laughing . Now 92 and frail , Mandela has declined to participate in this week 's many celebrations in his honor except one : the opening of Parliament and the address to the nation by South African President Jacob Zuma . As with all things political in this young and often raucous democracy , politicians and pundits are debating whether Mandela should have skipped this event as well . Zuma 's last admission of personal misconduct , fathering his 20th child out of wedlock with the daughter of close friend , has become a national scandal and international embarrassment . Just two years ago , he confessed to having unprotected sex with an HIV-positive family friend , who then accused him of rape . In a country coping with one of the world 's highest incidence of HIV/AIDS , and with a strong official commitment to gender equality , many of Mandela 's most fervent admirers do n't want him seen anywhere near Zuma . But Mandela went to jail not to demonstrate personal virtue but in a commitment to freedom , equality and the rule of law , which his appearance in Parliament reaffirms . Zuma is the duly elected president of a nation defined by strict allegiance to a democratic constitution . Zuma has respected the rule of law and shows no inclination to use his huge parliamentary majority to rewrite the constitution for political advantage . When Mandela was president , he defied his political advisers and voluntarily appeared before a magistrate so a claim of defamation against him could be adjudicated under due process , available to all citizens . Mandela expects no less from his successors ; nor should we . Preventing abuses of power whether by a privileged minority or by an unrestrained majority is a growing challenge for South Africa 's fledgling democracy . The electorate is increasingly restive over policies that have failed to reduce chronic unemployment in excess of 25 percent , curb corruption or address extreme economic and social inequities . Nor have policies been able to adequately overcome the legacy of damage caused by apartheid to family and community values , education and other basic services . The nation is struggling with a lack of respect for authority and the rule of law , especially among a growing number of alienated youth . South Africa still has many advantages , including an economy larger than the combined gross domestic products of the rest of sub-Saharan Africa minus Nigeria , and it draws talent and strength from immigrants and political refugees who have created what Kenyan political scientist Ali Mazrui calls "  the world 's second global nation after the United States . " At issue is whether South Africans can uphold the minimum of shared values necessary for sustaining peace and allowing a decent society to flourish . Mandela must continue to embody the roles for South Africans that Washington , Lincoln and King serve in protecting and advancing democracy in America . And like them , Mandela 's example inspires others and has become a global public good . President Obama recalls in "  Dreams from My Father " how South Africa awakened his interest in politics as a young college student , provoking him to address a public rally for the first time and to describe events there as "  a struggle that demands we choose sides . Not between black and white . Not between rich and poor . No , it 's a harder choice ... between fairness and injustice . Between commitment and indifference , a choice between right and wrong ... " Mandela rarely talks about his own character but in his autobiography , "  Long Walk to Freedom , " says he credits any success he has achieved to a trait inherited from his father , "  a stubborn sense of fairness . " It is an ideal few have upheld to Mandela 's standard -- but one we should all seek to emulate . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Stremlau .	John Stremlau : 20 years ago today , Nelson Mandela was released from Cape Town jail Stremlau : After 27 years , Mandela emerged "  without bitterness , his humanity intact " Mandela maintains commitment to democracy , freedom and rule of law , he writes Mandela is inspiration in troubled nation that desperately needs it , Stremlau says
CNN  -- Indian authorities scrambled to rescue thousands of people trapped after floods and landslides ravaged the Himalayan region , leaving up to 1,000 feared dead . The exact number of those killed will not be clear until the muddy waters are cleaned up and the bodies recovered , said Vijay Bahuguna , the chief minister of Uttarakhand state , which is the worst-hit . "  Certainly , the number of the dead is much higher than 550 ... and it could be around 1,000 as figures coming in suggest , " he said Saturday . Emergency operations include the military and all forms of transportation , including trains moving people for free . About 70,000 have been evacuated since the floods hit this month . Barrages of water , mud and rocks have hit scores of towns and villages in the Indian state , inundating homes , shrines , roads and vehicles . Bahuguna , has described the disaster as a "  Himalayan tsunami . " Dotted with temples and often referred to as "  the Land of Gods , " Uttarakhand attracts large numbers of pilgrims from around India to its mountainous reaches . Those travelers , many of them far from home and short on belongings , are now caught up in the destruction . Thousands of rescue workers are trying to reach more than 50,000 people cut off by the waters . Bahuguna told CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN on Friday night that the death toll was 556 but could rise . The bodies "  were either buried or floating in slush , " he said . It will take 15 days to complete evacuations in the province , he added . Other parts of northern India , including New Delhi , have also been hit by flooding , but Uttarakhand has suffered the worst of the devastation . The rains over the region have eased in the past few days , aiding in the rescue of about 30,000 people , Bahuguna said . Gurjit Singh , who had traveled to the town of Gobindghat with his 12-year-old son , described a chaotic scene as people tried to escape the flooding last week . "  There was nothing but death in front of us , " Singh said Thursday after getting out of a crowded car ferrying people to dry , flat land . "  Now that we 've got out , we feel like we 've got a second life . " His son , Rana Udesh Pratap , said the trek to safety was long . "  I held my father 's hand and walked and walked and walked on a narrow path , " he said . The two had made a pilgrimage to Uttarakhand from the nearby state of Punjab to visit the Sikh Hemkunt Sahib shrine .	The exact number of those killed will not be clear until the mess is cleaned up Uttarakhand state is the worst-hit
"  American Idol " now has its panel of judges for next season . Fox has announced that singers Jennifer Lopez and Harry Connick Jr. will join last season 's judge , country star Keith Urban , at the judges table for Season 13 . "  I have always been a huge fan of ` American Idol ' and really enjoyed my time as a mentor on the show , " Connick said in Fox 's statement . "  And I am honored that they 've asked me to be a judge this season . As an entertainer , I am truly excited to bring my perspective to ` American Idol , ' and to help emerging performers find their way . " Lopez , who served as a judge during Season 11 , tweeted : " #IDOL2014TheRemix . " The seats have been vacant since Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj announced that they would not be returning after their stints judging arguably the country 's most successful singing competition . Former judge Randy Jackson will step into the role of in-house mentor for the contestants , it was announced . "  Surprise , surprise ! I am so happy to be back as part of this amazing show that started it all , " said Jackson , who had served as a judge on the show since the first season . "  Season 1-3 is the place to be . The original talent show is back with a vengeance and ready to discover the best talent in America . " Urban also expressed his excitement . "  I think this season of ` Idol ' is gon na be a blast , " the Fox statement quoted Urban as saying . "  New team , new energy and a whole new field of artists to be discovered and given a chance ! " The new season of "  Idol " is slated to begin in January .	Lopez is returning to "  American Idol " Harry Connick Jr. had served as a past mentor Randy Jackson will be the in-house mentor instead of a judge
It took years and a good bit of detective work by art experts and scientists to unveil a painting hidden underneath Pablo Picasso 's 1901 masterpiece "  The Blue Room . " Using infrared technology , experts at The Phillips Collection in Washington discovered a portrait of a bearded man wearing a jacket and a bow tie , his face resting on his hand , with three rings on his fingers . Curators and conservators there have been working with a team of experts from the National Gallery of Art , Cornell University and the Winterthur Museum in Delaware to analyze the painting and try to identify the mystery man in the work . "  This painting ` The Blue Room ' is very important in  Picasso 's  early work . It 's considered an early Blue Period painting , " Patricia Favero , associate conservator at the Phillips , said of the period early in the artist 's career when he produced often melancholy , mostly monochromatic paintings in shades of blue . "  To find this painting underneath -- which we think was painted in the same year , just earlier in the year and it 's completely different in style -- it gives us some insight into Picasso 's development over the course of that year . " Picasso 's Blue Period was an experimental time during which the young artist was trying to figure out his style , Favero explained . Understanding more about the work that lies underneath this famed masterwork and others will help art historians learn more about Picasso 's development as a young artist . "  It just gives us a whole other body of work to look at , " she said . "  The Blue Room " has been part of The Phillips Collection since 1927 . For decades , experts have wondered whether the painting might hide another work . A 1954 letter from a conservator working with Duncan Phillips , the museum 's founder , noted a difference in the texture of the paint and his suspicion that there might be a painting underneath . Technology played a key role in uncovering the hidden portrait . When the painting was loaned to The National Gallery of Art in the 1990s , the gallery X-rayed the painting , revealing an image underneath . It was n't until 2008 , when more advanced infrared technology was available , that the Phillips was able to take a clearer picture , revealing the bearded mystery man . Picasso 's grandson raffles off painting to save ancient city "  We 've had infrared technology since the '50s or even before , and in the '90s we had fairly decent infrared technology , but the technology has certain improved over the last 10 or more years , " Favero said . "  The technology had improved such by 2008 that in our small lab , here with our little camera , we were able to get the image that you see . " The Phillips enlisted the help of scientists and Picasso experts who have been working since then to analyze the pigments and understand the different palettes of the painting and to confirm that it was painted by Picasso , Favero said . The team hopes to figure out who the man was , but because the portrait was painted early in Picasso 's career , before he began keeping records , identifying the subject could be difficult . "  This is turn of the century Paris . This is presumably in Montmartre where Picasso had the studio , and the challenges are if there 's no documentation existing to tell us -- a letter , even a drawing with an inscription -- the challenge is to find a picture , " Favero said . "  I 'm not sure what other documentation exists in terms of papers letter other drawings . We 've enlisted the help of other art historians and art experts to help us with that . " Picasso has been known to paint over his work before , possibly to save money or to paint over a work that had not sparked buyer interest . "  It was a period in his life when he was broke and he needed to repurpose canvasses , " The Phillips ' associate curator Susan Frank explained . "  Picasso is an artist who worked so quickly and had so many ideas that reusing these canvasses to capture a current idea was part of his process . " "  The Blue Room " is part of a tour to South Korea until early 2015 . The Phillips is planning an exhibition around "  The Blue Room " in 2017 . 16 artist hangouts you can still go to Ryan O'Neal can keep Farrah Fawcett portrait , jury says Owner of art collection suspected to contain Nazi loot dies U.S. stops sale of Picasso painting valued at $ 11.5 million	Pablo Picasso 's "  The Blue Room , " a 1901 masterpiece , is painted over a portrait of a man Suspicions of a hidden painting swirled for years , but technology had not caught up Experts are trying to figure out who the bearded man in the painting is
CNN  -- The posts show how quickly life can change . "  Everyones dressing up as Batman , im going dressed as Bruce Wayne ... Albeit a short stubby unsexy Bruce Wayne #CouldntFindBatmanMaskInTime , " wrote one Twitter user , identified online as Zach Eastman . "  Going to see the final batman tonight ! So EXCITED !!! " wrote another Twitter user , @DjaylaRene . And , in hindsight , most chillingly : "  Of course we 're seeing Dark Knight ... people should never argue with me . " Gunman kills 12 in Colorado theater shooting Those posts surfaced before the shootings early Friday morning at a late-night showing in Aurora , Colorado , of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises , " in which 12 people were killed and dozens more were injured . All three people who were quoted above appear to have been in the theater complex when a heavily armed gunman opened fire on moviegoers , according to police . The third post appears to be from Jessica Ghawi , who was reported dead in the shooting . Ghawi was a former sports-news intern at a television station in San Antonio , according to that station , Fox 29 . "  It 's true , my former intern Jessica Ghawi was a victim in the shootings last night . She used @JessicaRedfield as her twitter handle , " wrote a Twitter user identified as Mike Taylor . In the hours after the shooting , her friend mourned her death in real time . "  Devastated , " wrote a sports radio host in Denver , identified online as Peter Burns . "  Lost a very close friend in the shooting last night . @JessicaRedfield came to Denver to pursue sports career . I 'm shaking . " Aspiring sports reporter Ghawi feared dead in shooting The horrifying posts highlight a shift in the way our society tells the story of a tragedy , and also how we react to it . Before Twitter , smartphones and YouTube , it would have been impossible for an event like Colorado 's "  Batman Massacre " to have played out for the global public in real time . The shooting is just the latest instance of social media being used to document a tragedy or a news event even as it is unfolding . A Pakistani man last year unwittingly live-tweeted the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . And the war in Syria is being documented in large part by citizens and members of the opposition movement who risk their lives to post YouTube videos and photos of the violence . NRA tweeter was ` unaware ' of Colorado shooting , spokesman says But the social media posts about the Colorado shooting are a haunting reminder of the visceral power of first-person accounts of tragedy . And also a sign that society these days deals with grieving after an event like this in a much more public and immediate way than in years past . Reports of the 1999 Columbine school shooting , for example , which happened only 17 miles from Aurora , spread in a much different way . Thirteen years ago , witnesses talked to TV crews rather than uploading their stories instantly to the Internet with mobile phones . Shooting turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' Some reports from the Aurora movie theater appeared to come out as the shooting occurred . "  Now I 'm thinking it was bullets coming through the wall from 9 causing smoke and fire cracker sounds . #aurorashooting #batman #shootng , " a Twitter user identified as Jamie Marshall wrote . "  Never seen so many cop cars in my life . Its a parade of lights , " wrote Isaac Ramos . "  Everything keeps replaying in my head . It was so unreal , " @DjaylaRene wrote . "  I am getting ready to cry . So scared . I need a hug . I almost got shot 9 times . I had a chance to be like 50 , " wrote another Twitter user , @Abenistar . He later added : "  I seen a person bleeding out their mouth and gasping for their last breath . This ai n't right . #Century16Shooting . Thunk the world is ending . " Shaky YouTube videos show people screaming , crying and rushing out of the theater after the shooting , some of them with bloody wounds . Another video , apparently taken outside the building by a person who was in the theater next to the shooting , offers a glimpse into the mindset of a person who has just witnessed tragedy . The amateur videographer sounds to be at a loss for words . "  Oh Jesus . July 20th , 2012 . Aurora Century 16 , " he says , in a sort of real-time confessional about the event . "  There has been a massive shooting here . A lot of people wounded , a lot of people dead . I ca n't really take pictures , just because I 'd rather  be  helping people than wanting to take pictures of some pretty ghastly  expletive  . There 's some guy in a gas mask apparently -- teargassed theater 9 . We were in theater 8 . Just lit it up . It hit a lot of people , a lot of younger people . Oh . It 's pretty -- it 's pretty bad . " Timeline of worst mass shootings in U.S. Officials also turned to the Internet in an effort to make sense of the events . The Red Cross is asking people who witnessed the shooting to tell loved ones that they were OK over social media sites like Facebook and Twitter . "  People do n't know how close you were , so help alleviate that anxiety , " spokeswoman Patricia Billinger told USA Today . And other officials used the Internet to offer sympathy . "  We certainly appreciate the nation 's thoughts and prayers as our police department continues to investigate the terrible theater shooting tragedy that occurred today , " the city of Aurora wrote on its Facebook page . "  Our condolences go out to the victims and their family members . " Are you there ? Share your story with us on CNN iReport and post your tributes to the victims . CNN 's Doug Gross and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , leaves 12 dead Eyewitness reports unfold online in real time People also turn to the Internet on Friday to grieve for victims The event highlights a shift in the way society gathers and processes news
CNN  -- No parent should have to worry about losing his or her child in childbirth or to a mosquito bite , malnutrition or vaccine-preventable diseases such as pneumonia and diarrhea . Yet , in some parts of the world , these are leading killers . In 2010 , 7.6 million children younger than 5 died worldwide -- the equivalent of the combined populations of Massachusetts and Rhode Island . The good news is we have the tools to prevent most of these deaths . Vaccines , adequate nutrition , improved health care services and training for workers , anti-malaria bed nets and other high-impact mechanisms can save lives . The challenge is making them widely available and easily accessible in impoverished and underserved communities . In recent decades , the global community has made significant progress in saving children 's lives . Since 1990 , the mortality rate for children younger than 5 has decreased by 35 % worldwide , and more than a dozen countries have reduced their rate by more than 50 % . Yet , too many children continue to die , and we have more work to do , especially in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia , where child mortality rates are the highest . To achieve the fourth Millennium Development Goal , which calls for reducing the mortality rate of children younger than 5 by two-thirds between 1990 and 2015 , we need to accelerate our efforts . Although we have many solutions in hand , we need to strengthen financing , policies , health care systems and service delivery to give more children the chance to survive and thrive . This week , the United Nations Foundation will join governments , the private sector and civil society organizations for a summit in Washington focused on ending preventable child deaths . Experts will identify effective child survival strategies and investments and will serve as the launch pad for activities to assess progress and sustain momentum toward this important goal . One of the promising efforts is mobile technology , which can provide health information directly to families and assist health care workers with clinical decisions and diagnostics . The U.N. Foundation 's mHealth Alliance has been leading the working group on mobile health and child survival . It will develop recommendations on how to apply mobile technologies for health . This summit complements the work of the United Nations to dramatically improve the health of women and children around the globe . One program is its "  Every Woman Every Child " initiative , which aims to save the lives of 16 million women and children by 2015 . Nearly two years ago , the U.N. Foundation joined the Every Woman Every Child effort with our own $ 400 million commitment to maternal , newborn and child health through 2015 . We have provided nearly $ 200 million in grants to U.N. agencies and other partners , launched two new multistakeholder initiatives and engaged more than 300 partners and hundreds of thousands of individual people in efforts to reduce child deaths . Working with our partners , the U.N. Foundation delivers lifesaving vaccines and insecticide-treated bed nets to children , harnesses mobile technologies to improve maternal and child health , provides opportunities for women to voluntarily plan their families , empowers girls to build the future they want and provides clean cooking stoves that are safe and healthy for families and the environment . These efforts are making a difference : In less than a decade , we have sent more than 6 million anti-malaria bed nets to Africa , helped to reduce global polio cases by 99 % and helped to decrease measles mortality by 74 % worldwide . Through smart , coordinated and committed action , the world could be on the cusp of something truly remarkable -- ending preventable child deaths . This goal is ambitious , but it 's one that we can , and must , achieve . Now is the time for all of us -- governments , businesses , civil society and concerned citizens -- to seize this opportunity and fulfill our obligation to give all children an opportunity to celebrate a fifth birthday . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathy Calvin .	Kathy Calvin : In 2010 , 7.6 million kids worldwide younger than 5 died who did n't have to Preventable diseases such as malnutrition and diarrhea kill children , she says Calvin : Vaccines , food , better health care , mosquito nets can save these lives Mortality has dropped , but U.N. , businesses , countries must keep up efforts , she writes
CNN  -- Australia 's Prime Minister said Saturday that Chinese officials appreciate his country 's "  transparency and candor " in the handling of the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . "  I think it 's to our country 's credit that we 've approached it that way , " Tony Abbott told journalists in China . He reiterated the "  high degree of confidence " he has expressed before that acoustic signals picked up by searchers in the Indian Ocean are from the plane 's black box . But he warned that , that even if the plane is lying on the bottom of the sea underneath the search vessels that locating it underneath nearly three miles of water would be a "  massive , massive task . " "  It is likely to continue for a long time to come , " he said . U.S. Navy commander ` optimistic ' The U.S. Navy commander leading the American effort to find Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 said he 's "  optimistic " about how the search is proceeding . "  We are detecting very continuous pings coming through in a manner consistent with exactly what you 'd expect from a black box , " Cmdr. William Marks told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Friday . "  We 've ruled out that it was anything natural , or anything from commercial shipping , or anything like that . " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said earlier Friday that search efforts are heading in the right direction . Marks said , "  I agree with the prime minister . We 're optimistic . " Up to nine military aircraft , one civil aircraft and 14 ships will assist in Saturday 's search for the airliner , Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said in a press release . The center of the 41,393-square-kilometer  16,000 square-mile  search area lies about 2,331 kilometers  1,448 miles  northwest of Perth . Abbott 's confidence Abbott has expressed such confidence about detected acoustic signals coming from the plane 's black box before . Over the past week , four such pings have been detected by a ping locator towed by the Australian vessel Ocean Shield . "  We are confident that we know the position of the black box flight recorder to within some kilometers , but confidence in the approximate position of the black box is not the same as recovering wreckage from almost 4Â 1/2 kilometers beneath the sea or finally determining all that happened on that flight , " he said . A fifth ping , detected Thursday by a sonobuoy dropped by an airplane , is "  unlikely to be related to the aircraft black boxes , " Australian chief search coordinator Angus Houston said Friday . "  On the information I have available to me , there has been no major breakthrough in the search for MH370 , " Houston said in a statement Friday . "  Further analysis continues to be undertaken by Australian Joint Acoustic Analysis Centre . " Friday was Day 35 in the search , and the batteries powering the flight data recorders ' locator beacons are certified to emit signals for only 30 days after they get wet . That has injected the search effort with a heightened sense of urgency . The signal is "  starting to fade , and we are hoping to get as much information as we can before the signal finally expires , " Abbott said . Families skeptical Families of the 239 people who were aboard when the plane disappeared from radar screens early March 8 met Friday with Malaysia Airlines and government officials . They came away unpersuaded that progress was being made . "  Today , all they said was that they were confident , " family representative Steve Wang said . "  But that really does n't mean that they have confirmed it . They did n't use the word ` confirm . ' So it could be that it 's a real lead , but it could also not be . I think that , at the moment , everyone needs to wait for final , confirmed information . " That view was echoed by Sarah Bajc , whose partner , Philip Wood , was among the passengers . "  Every time some official gives one of those absolute statements of ` We 're sure it 's the pings from the black boxes ' or ` We 're sure it 's in the ocean , ' we all crash , " she told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  Our feet get knocked out from underneath us . But then it always ends up reversing itself , and they step back from it . " She expressed skepticism about the way the investigation has been handled . "  The fox is very much in charge of the henhouse here , " she told "  New Day . " "  We 've got a country leading the investigation who also has the primary liability in the case , and it makes us question every step that 's taken . " New flight details revealed Malaysian sources told CNN that Flight 370 's pilot , Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah , was the last person on the jet to speak to air traffic controllers , telling them "  Good night , Malaysian three-seven-zero . " The sources said there was nothing unusual about his voice , which conveyed no indication that he was under stress . One of the sources , an official involved in the investigation , told CNN that police played the recording to five other Malaysia Airlines pilots who knew the pilot and co-pilot . "  There were no third-party voices , " the source said . Imagining the search underwater Search area shrinks Up to 12 military aircraft , three civil aircraft and 13 ships were assigned to assist in Friday 's search for the Boeing 777-200ER , which was carrying 239 people when it vanished on March 8 on a fight from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . There were no sightings reported by search aircraft or objects recovered by ships Thursday , the Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . Friday 's search area was about 18,000 square miles  46,600 square kilometers  , centered 1,436 miles  2,311 kilometers  northwest of Perth . That 's far smaller than the search area 's size a few weeks ago . "  It 's pretty incredible if you look at where we started , which was virtually the entire Indian Ocean . Now getting it down to what 's essentially a couple hundred square miles  where the pings have been detected  is pretty miraculous , " Marks said . The Ocean Shield first picked up two sets of underwater pulses April 5 that were of a frequency close to that used by the locator beacons . It heard nothing more until Tuesday , when it reacquired the signals twice . The four signals were within 17 miles of one another . As the search continues , a U.S. Navy ship will help provide supplies and fuel to the ships that are looking for the missing plane . The USNS Cesar Chavez will help supply Australian naval ships involved in the search "  in the coming days , " the Navy said in a statement . That 's probably a sign that search teams are preparing for a lengthy hunt , analysts said . Tracking pings is only one early step in the hunt to find the plane 's data records , wreckage and the people aboard . "  I think they 're getting ready for the long haul , " said Goelz , the aviation analyst . "  Even if they do get four or five more pings , once they drop the side-scanning sonar device down , that is going to be painstaking and long . So I think they are settling in for the long search . " As the focus narrows , more questions emerge in search for Malaysia 370 The hunt for a Flight 370 ping : How they are doing it How deep is deep ? Imagining the MH370 search underwater CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Michael Holmes , Ben Brumfield , Barbara Starr , Aaron Cooper , Rene Marsh , Will Ripley , David Molko and Elizabeth Joseph and journalists Ivy Sam and Chan Kok Leong contributed to this report .	NEW : Transparent communication is ` to our country 's credit , ' Australian leader says Abbott : ` High degree of confidence ' that the detected signals are from the black box "  We 're optimistic , " U.S. Navy commander says Saturday 's search area is 41,393 square kilometers  16,000 square miles
CNN  -- A former coal company executive pleaded guilty Thursday and identified his old boss as part of an effort to cover up safety violations before the worst U.S. mine disaster in decades . David Hughart , who was president of a Massey Energy subsidiary , pleaded guilty to two conspiracy counts before a federal judge in Beckley , West Virginia . He 's the highest-ranking official to admit wrongdoing in the investigation that followed the 2010 explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia , which killed 29 workers . The 53-year-old Hughart has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors in the ongoing probe stemming from the disaster , the worst American mining catastrophe since 1972 , according to his plea agreement . Asked during his plea hearing who he conspired with above him , Hughart replied , "  The chief executive officer , " CNN affilliate WCHS reported . Massey 's former CEO , Don Blankenship , was an outspoken critic of federal mine regulators , but Hughart did not name him directly . In a statement issued Thursday afternoon , Blankenship attorney William Taylor III said Blankenship "  did not conspire with anybody to do anything illegal or improper . " "  To the contrary , Don took every step to make the mines under his responsibility safer , " Taylor said . "  We are not concerned about Mr. Hughart 's recollections . People often remember untrue things when they are attempting to reduce a possible prison sentence . " Hughart faces up to six years in prison and a $ 350,000 fine after admitting that he and others at Massey conspired to hide safety hazards inside the company 's mines between 2000 and 2010 -- a period that spans Blankenship 's time at the company 's helm . His sentencing is set for June 25 . His lawyer , Michael Whitt , would not comment on the statements made in court , and U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin told CNN through a spokesman , "  I 'm not going to comment on the direction of the investigation . " Hughart was the president of Green Valley Resource Group , a different Massey subsidiary than the one that operated the Upper Big Branch mine . In his plea agreement , prosecutors state that he and others worked to conceal mine hazards from federal inspectors "  in part because of a belief that consistently following these laws would decrease coal production . " Massey was the fourth-largest coal producer in the United States and the largest mine operator in Appalachia at the time of the Upper Big Branch explosion . But it had racked up an extensive list of violations before the disaster , and a 2011 report by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration found that Massey had a history of "  systematic , intentional , and aggressive efforts " to evade safety regulations . The company kept two sets of books to mislead miners and inspectors , tipped off crews before surprise inspections and intimidated workers to prevent them from reporting violations , the report found . Massey was bought by another company , Alpha Natural Resources , after the disaster . In December 2011 , it settled with the Justice Department for a record $ 209 million in fines , penalties and compensation for families of the men killed at Upper Big Branch . 2010 : Mine disaster board members survive attempt to oust them Another Massey manager , Gary May , admitted helping conceal hazards from inspectors in 2012 . He was sentenced to 21 months in prison in January . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-coal exec says former CEO was part of scheme to hide hazards NEW : "  People often remember untrue things " when facing prison , ex-CEO 's lawyer says David Hughart gets up to six years in prison after pleading guilty to two conspiracy counts The probe stems from the 2010 Upper Big Branch mine explosion , which killed 29
Washington  CNN  -- Insurgents were able to use a mass-market software program to view live feeds from U.S. military Predator drones monitoring targets in Iraq , a U.S. official indicated to CNN Thursday . The breach by Iranian-backed Shiite militants was discovered late last year , according to U.S. military and defense officials . The story was first reported in the Wall Street Journal on Thursday . The U.S. official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss the information , said no U.S. troops or combat missions had been compromised because of the intrusion . There also is evidence that unmanned aerial vehicle  UAV  feeds also have been hacked in Afghanistan , according to the Journal article , but there was no evidence the militants were able to take control of the remote aircrafts ' systems in either country . The inexpensive software , created by a Russian company called SkyGrabber , is downloadable off the Internet . It allows users to take advantage of unprotected communication links in some of the UAVs . A senior defense official who was not authorized to speak about the security breach said , "  This was an old issue for us and it has been taken care of , " but he would not elaborate on what specifically had been taken care of . The official said that many of the UAV feeds need to be sent out live to numerous people at one time , and encryption was found to slow the real-time link . The encryption therefore was removed from many feeds . Removing the encryption , however , allowed outsiders with the correct tools to gain unauthorized access to these feeds . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman would not comment on any of the article 's details but said that any security breaches that arise are addressed . "  The department constantly evaluates and seeks to improve both the performance as well as the security of various intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance systems and platforms , " Whitman said . "  If and when we identify any shortfalls we obviously correct them as a continuous process of seeking both improved capabilities as well as improved security . " Lt. Gen. David Deptula , who is in charge of the Air Force 's UAV mission , said the military is trying to fix vulnerabilities with improved encryption on UAV feeds . "  Those kinds of things are subject to listening and exploitation , " he told reporters Wednesday when asked about vulnerabilities of UAV systems . One U.S. official said special operations troops identified the threat "  years ago " in Iraq and over the past two years have been "  vastly improving " encryption on their various communications systems , including full-motion video . The official said the United States generally can operate these systems with impunity in third-world countries that do n't have the technology to tap into open satellite feeds . However , according to the official , Iran has been pushing the SkyGrabber-like technology to Shiite militants in Iraq essentially to see what the United States is looking at because Iranians believe they will be invaded next . The vulnerability could date back to the 1990s , said Peter Singer , a military technology analyst for the Brookings Institution . "  In fact , in the Balkans , people with any satellite dish were able to intercept the communications from these systems , and watch special operations raids in Bosnia while sitting in their home , " he said . Before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , it is believed Saddam Hussein was able to monitor drone feeds . The Iraqis "  located and downloaded the unencrypted satellite feed from U.S. military UAVs , " a 2005 CIA report surmised . The U.S. military and intelligence operations use pilotless drones in Iraq and Afghanistan both for surveillance and to fire missiles at targets . While the CIA has never publicly acknowledged it , the agency operates the unmanned planes in Pakistan , where it has used drones to strike at Taliban and al Qaeda operatives , according to officials familiar with the strategy . But a U.S. official with knowledge of CIA and military UAV missions told CNN the drones used in Pakistan missions use encrypted feeds and are not vulnerable to hacking like the military drones used in Iraq . The official said the drones employed by the intelligence community in Pakistan , which use state-of-the-art encryption technology , are used in a much more limited capacity than the military drones . One of the developers of the SkyGrabber technology told CNN via e-mail that the software was developed to pull unprotected satellite feeds so that people in Russia could watch TV or gain access to the Internet in areas otherwise unable to get such signals . "  The software is intercepting data received from a satellite dish -- it does n't say whether or not the data is classified , let alone that it is military data , " said Andrew Solonikov . He said the U.S. military has not contacted him about the reported security breach . "  Even if I wanted to do something about it , I would n't know what to do , " he said . Solonikov insisted the software was not developed for the use it has been put to in Iraq . " -LSB- It seems that -RSB- somebody has invented a way to use this program outside of its intended purpose , " he said . "  But generally speaking , this points to a large security gap that the American military has missed . " CNN 's Pam Benson and Michael Sefanov contributed to this report .	U.S. official : Insurgents used mass-market software program to view live drone feeds Software , from Russian company , is downloadable off the Internet No troops or combat missions were compromised , official tells CNN Vulnerability could date back to the 1990s , military technology analyst says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Electric shock guns , spiked metal batons and leg and neck shackles . These are some of the torture devices being made and exported by Chinese companies , fueling human rights abuses in Asia and Africa , according to a new report from campaign group Amnesty International . The report says that trade in what it calls tools of torture is flourishing , with 130 Chinese companies engaged in the production and trade of potentially dangerous law enforcement equipment , compared with 28 companies a decade ago . Most of the companies highlighted in the report are state owned , the report said , and openly promote their products at international trade shows and online . While some of the equipment such as tear gas , handcuffs and plastic bullets has legitimate policing uses , Amnesty says many of the devices marketed by these companies are intrinsically cruel and inhumane and should be banned immediately . Chinese officials questioned the report 's credibility . "  I think you should not ask this question to the foreign ministry . We have no knowledge of it , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters Tuesday . "  But I would like to remind you that the organization you mentioned has always had strong bias against China . So I think it 's questionable about whether the report is real . " "  Chinese authorities have done nothing to stop companies supplying these sickening devices for export or to prevent policing equipment falling into the hands of known human rights abusers , " said Patrick Wilcken , security trade and human rights researcher at Amnesty International . The report , co-authored with the Omega Research Foundation calls on China to immediately ban the production and trade of inherently cruel and abusive equipment . It also urged Beijing to suspend or deny trade license for the supply of equipment when there is a substantial risk that the equipment will be used to commit or facilitate serious human rights abuses . Amnesty said the global trade in law enforcement equipment is poorly controlled and China is not alone in its failure to regulate the supply of law enforcement equipment to countries where there is a clear risk that it will be misused . It added that all countries should heed the report 's recommendations . As many as 29 Chinese companies make electric stun batons that allow security officials to apply painful multiple shocks to sensitive areas of the body such as the groin without leaving long-lasting physical traces . A greater number of companies make restraint devices such as weighted leg cuffs . Spiked batons have been exported to security forces in Nepal and Thailand and have been reportedly used by police in Cambodia , while Chinese made electric shock batons are being carried by police in Ghana , Senegal , Egypt and Madagascar , the report said . Another example highlighted shows how Chinese-made riot control equipment was used to suppress protests against the rising cost of living in Uganda , killing at least 33 . "  China 's flawed export system has allowed the trade in torture and repression to prosper , " Wilcken said . The report also documents how electric shock batons , mechanical restraints and other devices are widely used in detention centers throughout China . One practitioner of banned Falun Gong spiritual movement told Amnesty how she was tortured with an electric baton on her face : "  It 's a kind of torture the police call ` bengbao popcorn ' because your face splits open and looks like popped corn . "	Trade in torture devices by Chinese companies flourishing , says Amnesty International Exports of police equipment are fueling human rights abuses in Asia and Africa , it says . Much of the equipment is "  inherently cruel " and should be banned . Some equipment has legitimate uses but can still be misused , it adds .
CNN  -- Ukrainians are a lot less pro-Russian than separatists there would like the world to believe , even in regions along the border with Russia which are supposedly voting overwhelmingly to declare independence from Ukraine , a new poll for CNN suggests . The people of Ukraine feel much more loyal to Europe than to Russia , and a clear majority back economic sanctions against Russia , according to the poll of 1,000 people across the country conducted in the past week . Two out of three  67 %  people in Ukraine approve of economic sanctions against Russia , while one out of three  29 %  disapproves , the poll by ComRes for CNN found . Ukrainians tend to see Russian President Vladimir Putin as dangerous and a strong leader , while they consider U.S. President Barack Obama friendly . More than half  56 %  said they felt a stronger sense of loyalty to Europe than to Russia , while 19 % said they felt more loyal to Russia and 22 % said neither . Three percent said they did n't know . The results come a day after pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country said people there had voted overwhelmingly in favor of independence from Ukraine , in a referendum denounced by the United States and its European allies . Eastern promise ? The CNN poll found that even in eastern Ukraine , a minority of people back an alliance with Russia . Just over a third  37 %  of Ukrainians in three eastern regions favor an alliance with Russia , while 14 % of the region backs an alliance with the European Union and about half  49 %  say Ukraine would be better off if it did not ally with either , the poll found . "  Eastern Ukraine " includes the regions of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv , which are generally seen as among the most pro-Russian areas in the country . Donetsk and Luhansk held referendums on independence on Sunday , with an election official in Donetsk saying Monday the region had voted 90 % in favor . Nationwide , a slight majority  54 %  said it would be good for Ukraine to join the EU . More than eight out of 10  82 %  said it would be bad for the country to have Russian troops in Ukraine . And despite the crisis that has pitted Russia against the United States and European Union over the fate of the second-largest country in Europe , Ukrainians are optimistic about the future . Two out of three people said they were optimistic about the political future of the country  65 %  and the same proportion  67 %  said they were optimistic about its economic future . Putin vs. Obama Nearly half  44 %  of respondents to the CNN poll said Putin was a strong leader , compared to 27 % who saw Obama that way . About a quarter  23 %  said neither and six percent said they did n't know . Two-thirds  67 %  described Putin as "  dangerous , " while only 15 % saw Obama that way . But Obama came out well ahead of Putin as "  friendly , " with 47 % applying the description to the U.S. President and only 14 % saying it of Putin . About a third  34 %  said neither was friendly , and five percent said they did n't know . Neither leader came across as especially reliable , with 32 % choosing Obama , 19 % choosing Putin and 45 % saying neither . The findings , by the London-based agency ComRes for CNN , come from a nationally representative telephone poll of 1,000 Ukrainians conducted by telephone in Russian and Ukrainian from May 7-11 . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.1 percentage points . Ukraine 's Donetsk region asking to join Russia , separatist leader says	Even in the east , a minority backs an alliance with Russia Two-thirds of Ukrainians back sanctions against Russia , CNN poll finds Ukrainians tend to see Putin as dangerous and strong , and Obama as friendly More than half of Ukrainians say the country should ally with Europe
CNN  -- Real estate mogul and television celebrity Donald Trump , who generated a media publicity blitz by saying he might run for president in 2012 , announced Monday that he will instead remain a businessman . "  After considerable deliberation and reflection , I have decided not to pursue the office of the presidency , " Trump said in a statement . With his typical bravado , Trump maintained that he would have won the Republican primary and the general election , but recognized that "  running for public office can not be done half-heartedly . " RNC chairman : "  It 's his choice " | Was he ever serious ? "  Ultimately , however , business is my greatest passion and I am not ready to leave the private sector , " Trump said in the statement . Trump 's flirtation with running for the Republican nomination included his demand that President Barack Obama make public his full birth certificate from Hawaii . Mike Huckabee takes himself out of contention Obama previously had provided a shorter version that serves as the public record in Hawaii , but amid the media glare on the issue raised in part by Trump 's repeated questioning of whether the so-called long version of the document existed , the president released it last month .	The business mogul says he wants to remain in the private sector Trump : "  Business is my greatest passion and I am not ready to leave the private sector "
CNN  -- Police are investigating whether a North Carolina country road may have become the dumping ground for a serial killer , a man one woman believes could have given her a terrifying ride she will never forget . Jackie Nikelia Thorpe 's body was found along Seven Bridges Road in August 2007 . Since May 2005 , the remains of five women have been found near Seven Bridges Road outside Rocky Mount , North Carolina . The road snakes northeast out of town into rural Edgecombe County . Rocky Mount Police Chief John Manley Jr. thinks the women 's deaths are related . "  They seem to have some connection , " he said . Lanessa Williams of Rocky Mount thinks she narrowly missed joining the ranks of the slain women , saying she is not sure whether a man who offered her a ride to a friend 's house last year is responsible for their deaths . The longer the two drove , the more she felt a sense of danger , said Williams , 38 . The man -- whom she described as thin and African-American , with a mustache and glasses -- rarely spoke and "  looked crazy . " "  He kept on going , and he rode through lights , and he would n't let me get out , " she said . Eventually , her fears were confirmed when he demanded sex . "  He told me that if I did n't do what he wanted me to do , he was going to kill me and throw me in the river . " The man eventually stopped his truck in a dark wilderness area , she said . When he got out , she ran away . "  I laid in a ditch and stayed there for a while , " she said . "  He was riding around looking for me . " Police are talking to Williams about her experience . She told authorities she noticed something strange : The large block letters saying "  Chevrolet " on the back of the man 's truck appeared to be painted on . All five of the slain women were African-American , authorities said . Four lived in Rocky Mount , about 55 miles northeast of the state capital , Raleigh . According to the Edgecombe County Sheriff 's Office , they were : • Melody Wiggins , 29 , whose body was found May 29 , 2005 . • Jackie Nikelia Thorpe , 35 , whose body was found August 17 , 2007 , behind a house on Seven Bridges Road . • Ernestine Battle , 50 , whose remains were found in a wooded area on the road March 13 , 2008 . • Taraha Shenice Nicholson , 28 , whose remains were discovered March 7 , 2009 . • Jarneice Latonya Hargrove , 31 , whose skeletal remains were found June 29 , 2009 , in the woods off the road . Manley said it appears that the women "  suffered a similar death , " but authorities are not divulging further details , including the cause of the deaths . Edgecombe County Sheriff James L. Knight is leading the investigation , working with Rocky Mount police and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation . The three agencies have created a joint task force to investigate the unsolved killings . Knight is asking the public to be vigilant . "  Watch for vehicles if they are on a path or stop along that roadway , and give us a call . " Anyone with more information is asked to call the sheriff 's office at 252 641-7911 .	Remains of five women found since 2005 along road outside Rocky Mount Police chief says it appears women "  suffered a similar death " One local woman recounts terrifying ride with suspicious man City , county , state agencies have formed task force
CNN  -- A Rosary service and funeral were scheduled this week for Jaime Zapata , the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent who was killed in Mexico last week . The slain agent will be buried in his hometown of Brownsville , Texas . He was killed and another agent was injured on a highway in Mexico 's San Luis Potosi state after they were run off the road by two vehicles believed to be driven by members of the Zetas drug cartel , authorities have said . Zapata , 32 , was based in Laredo , Texas , and was in Mexico on temporary assignment . "  His dedication to service and integrity was unparalleled . He was the life and soul of our family and a joy to his friends and colleagues , " Zapata 's brother , Amador , said in a statement . "  Jaime was a son , a brother , a boyfriend , and a caring , loving person , " Amador Zapata said . "  He grew up giving of himself and was always committed to doing the right thing . I firmly believe he is in heaven now , continuing to work for what is right . " Outside of that statement , the Zapata family has requested privacy and has not talked with the media . However , the public outpouring in the community was so great that the Rosary service and funeral will be open to the public . The Rosary service , in which mourners pray for the repose of the soul of the departed , will be at 7 p.m. Monday at the Brownsville Events Center . The funeral mass will take place in the same place at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday . He will be buried at Rose Lawn Gardens Cemetery . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Attorney General Eric Holder will speak at the funeral .	Jaime Zapata was ambushed by a Mexican cartel last week , authorities say He will be buried in his hometown of Brownsville , Texas His dedication was unparalleled , said his brother
CNN  -- It was billed as the battle of the heavyweights . In the red corner -- Radamel Falcao -- one of the most coveted strikers in world football and one of the most lethal finishers around . Only last week , Falcao hit five in his side 's demolition of Deportivo to add to his already burgeoning reputation . In the blue corner -- Lionel Messi -- perhaps the greatest to have ever played the game . The man with 88 goals to his name in 2012 . The magical and mesmerizing feet of Messi going up against the pace and predatory instincts of Falcao . It had all the ingredients of a classic . Between them they have run La Liga and European defenses ragged , scoring goals at will and leaving defenders trailing in their wake . Going into the clash , Messi had plundered 23 league goals to Falcao 's 16 . It was time for the two to go head-to-head . For Barcelona , victory over Atletico would place it nine points clear of its closest title rival and surely allow the Catalan club to wrestle the title away from defending champion Real Madrid . A win for Atletico would finally confirm that Diego Simeone 's men could be taken seriously as a championship challenger . Magic Messi extends record streak Atletico and Falcao -- the pretenders to Barcelona and Messi 's crown . And pretenders they will remain . In the end , the chasm could scarcely have been greater as Simeone 's men were put in their place without any sign of mercy from Tito Vilanova 's side . Barca has now won 15 of its opening 16 league games , taking an astonishing 46 points from a possible 48 . With Real Madrid only managing to draw with Espanyol earlier Sunday , Barca moved 13 points clear of its great rival . It was Messi who stole the show once again as the little magician emerged out of the shadows to crush Atletico . Two second-half strikes took his total to 90 for the calendar year and 25 league goals for the season as Barca came from behind to win 4-1 . Messi map : How Argentine maestro conquered the world And yet for the opening 30 minutes it appeared that the Messi 's evening might have not been so enjoyable . Instead it was Falcao who took center stage , bullying Barcelona 's defenders at every opportunity . It was the Colombia star who had the first opportunity of the contest , heading against the post after just nine minutes as Atletico signaled its intentions . Falcao then went close again after firing narrowly wide when well placed , while Messi seemed to vanish as Atletico took control of the contest . Barcelona was finally undone just after the half-hour mark when Falcao produced an exquisite finish to silence the majorityof those packed inside the Camp Nou . Messi fit to resume bid for goal record After taking the ball in his stride , Falcao burst past Barcelona 's central defenders before lifting the ball over the stranded Victor Valdes to net his 17th league goal of the season . It was no less than Atletico deserved , but that strike only served to awaken Barca from its slumber . No less than five minutes had elapsed before Barca drew level in spectacular style thanks to Adriano 's stunning curling effort . The right-back turned onto his left-foot , before unleashing a wonderful rasping effort into the top corner to bring his side level . And with just seconds of the first half remaining , Busquets lashed home from close-range after Atletico had failed to clear . From dominating the game , Atletico had been rumbled in the blink of an eye . Messi makes case as world 's greatest ever player Worse was to follow as Messi began to find time and space as Atletico started to lose its way . Just 12 minutes of the second half had passed before the Argentine finally grabbed his trademark goal , firing home his 89th of the year with a neat curling effort . He reached 90 late on , taking advantage of a horrific defensive mistake to slot home his 25th league goal of the season . Incredibly , Messi has scored 58 out of Barcelona 's 116 league goals in 2012 . Mourinho : ` No story ' in Real Madrid exit rumors Meanwhile , the pressure continues to build on Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho after he all but conceded defeat in the race for the title . Real fell further off the pace after being held to a 2-2 draw at home by lowly Espanyol and are 13 points off the lead . Espanyol had taken a shock lead through Sergio Garcia after 31 minutes before strikes from Cristiano Ronaldo and Fabio Coentrao put the home side in control . But with just two minutes remaining , Juan Albin popped up to steal a precious point for relegation-threatened Espanyol and leave Real reeling . "  The league is now impossible , " Mourinho told reporters . "  It is the first time that I have been in a situation like this where my team are a long way off their objectives . "  But I do n't want to make a drama out of it , I will treat it as another stage of my life . " Elsewhere in La Liga , Valencia was beaten 1-0 at home by Rayo Vallecano , while Levante claimed a 1-0 victory at Real Zaragoza .	Lionel Messi took his tally to 90 for the calendar year with two goals against Atletico Madrid Messi 's double and further goals from Adriano and Sergio Busquets gives Barca 4-1 win Real Madrid held to a 2-2 draw by lowly Espanyol Real boss Jose Mourinho : "  The league is now impossible . "
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  Iraqi forces appeared Wednesday to be making progress on the third day of a major offensive intended to push ISIS fighters out of the city of Tikrit . The Iraqi soldiers are reportedly approaching the city from five directions , as they seek to prevent ISIS militants from either escaping from Tikrit or sending in reinforcements to bolster its defense . The operation is part of a wide-scale offensive to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Sunday . It has highlighted the role played by neighboring Iran in the fight against ISIS , at a time when the United States and five other world powers are negotiating with Tehran on a controversial deal to curb its nuclear program . The semiofficial Iranian FARS news agency reports that Qassim Sulaimani , the commander of the elite Iranian Al-Quds Brigade , is helping oversee the operation to retake Tikrit . Iran has provided advisers , weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government . According to the Pentagon , there may be Iranians operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well . Despite the reported Iranian assistance , the Iraqi forces face no easy task as they seek to advance on Tikrit . Besides the direct threat posed by ISIS fighters , they must also avoid the large numbers of homemade bombs that litter the approaches to the city . Iraq has not asked the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS to provide air cover for the operation to retake Tikrit . ISIS released a number of propaganda images Wednesday , showing several vehicles and dozens of ISIS militants with their weapons , which it said were part of a military reinforcement of Salahuddin province . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the photographs . How the U.S. and Iran found common interests Why battle for Tikrit will defeat ISIS Tikrit fell to ISIS in June of 2014 , after the group 's capture of Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul . Tikrit is best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . ISIS , the radical Sunni militant group , has been on a murderous campaign to establish a caliphate across swaths of Iraq and Syria . On Monday , Iraqi forces approached Tikrit from several fronts , Iraqiya TV reported , engaging with ISIS north of the city at al-Alam and south of the city at al-Dour . The element of surprise probably was not a factor , as reports of Iraqi troops amassing near Tikrit were widely shared . What awaits the Iraqi army is most likely a long , hard slog and not a quick rout . Tikrit is a big city , and the army and its associated militias have had problems recapturing much smaller towns from ISIS . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . While Iraqi forces have gained some territory in the area , it has generally been under ISIS control for the last eight months or so . Prime Minister al-Abadi , who is also commander in chief of the armed forces , said on Twitter that he would "  oversee the operation to liberate Tikrit " from ISIS . The joint Iraqi forces fighting to retake Tikrit include Iraqi troops , members of the Shia al-Hashed al-Shaabi militia , members of the Sunni Sons of Salahuddin brigades and other Sunni tribal fighters . The offensive involves around 30,000 fighters in all . Rights group Human Rights Watch on Wednesday urged government forces to protect civilians from revenge attacks by pro-government militias as they fight to retake Tikrit . The rights group said it had documented "  numerous atrocities against Sunni civilians by pro-government militias and security forces " after they recaptured other towns . Human Rights Watch also warned that ISIS could seek to use civilians as human shields . "  All commanders in Tikrit need to make sure that their forces protect civilians and allow them to flee the combat zone , " said Joe Stork , the group 's deputy Middle East and North Africa director . "  Past fighting raises grave concerns that Tikrit 's civilians are at serious risk from both ISIS and government forces , and both sides need to protect civilians from more sectarian slaughter . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Baghdad and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraqi forces make some progress as they seek to advance toward Tikrit The city , best known to Westerners as Saddam Hussein 's birthplace , was taken by ISIS in June
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- Stephen and Sara Stone say they never thought their six-month marriage would be tested so soon . But on April 20 , a day before her husband was scheduled to come home from a three-week stint on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon , Sara Stone found herself waiting to hear whether he was dead or alive . "  My phone call was that there 's been an emergency evacuation on the rig , " she said . She went back to their home in Houston , turned on the television "  and saw that the rig was on fire . " Stephen Stone , a laborer aboard the rig , was asleep in his room after working a 12-hour shift when an explosion erupted . He was one of the 115 workers rescued from the Gulf of Mexico -- but it would be more than a day before he was allowed to call his wife . Meanwhile , she was calling hospitals and praying her husband was still alive and unhurt . "  I finally was able to get a hold of an emergency response team , and they informed me that he was on the OK list , " she said . "  And ... where they 'd been taken to , which was a hotel in Kenner , Louisiana . " The night of the blast , Deepwater Horizon marked seven years without an accident . It burned for two days before sinking , taking 11 men into the deep with it and unleashing the worst oil spill in U.S. history . BP , which owns the well ; Transocean , which owned the rig ; and oilfield services contractor Halliburton , which performed the cementing on the well , all blame each other for the disaster . Transocean workers have told investigators that rig managers and a BP executive argued over plans to finish up the well , which was several weeks behind schedule . And Stone told the House Judiciary Committee in May that work on the rig had to stop at least four times because of a loss of drilling fluid in the well , which indicated either an unstable or cracked formation . Stone still works for Transocean . But he 's filed suit against his employer , BP , Halliburton and other companies working on the doomed rig , alleging negligence . Transocean has not responded to the claims in court , but some of the other companies have denied the allegations . Stone said he always tried to be safe on the rig , even stopping work at times to call attention to safety issues . But there were consequences , he said . At one point , he said , he was called in for a talk with "  one of the senior guys for Transocean " aboard the rig . "  They were saying my work performance had been slipping , " Stone said . He said he told his bosses , "  I always thought I 'd try to pace myself . You know , we 're out here 12 hours , so you try to pace yourself and not wear yourself out . And think about what I 'm doing and work safe . "  As soon as I was done saying that , they were like , ` Well , do n't use safety as a crutch . ' So , you know , you kind of get mixed signals . " As a roustabout , Stone 's job involved assisting crane operators and mixing the "  mud " used as a counterweight and lubricant in the drilling process . It was a "  bottom of the barrel " job , an entry-level position at Transocean . But he said that the drill crew was under pressure to work faster and that pressure worked its way down the chain . "  I think everybody feels it , and especially the guys lower down , because I 'm sure the toolpushers and whatnot are getting plenty of pressure from the people above them , " he said . "  But you know , we 're getting pressure from everybody , pretty much , down at the bottom . " Stone was awakened by the explosion . He said he ran outside to see the barrack spaces aboard the rig "  just all fire " and the crew scrambling for the lifeboats . "  You ca n't see anything like that and not expect , you know , possibly to die . So you just kind of wait for it , you know ? " he said . He watched the rig burn for eight hours , first aboard a lifeboat and then aboard a supply ship that picked up the survivors . Back in Houston , Sara Stone took the first flight to New Orleans , Louisiana . Though told her husband was safe , she still had n't heard from Stephen . "  The main question that all of us had was , are they really on that boat ? Why ca n't we speak to them ? " she said . Stephen Stone was finally allowed to call his wife 26 hours after the explosion and after submitting to a drug test . He showed up at the hotel a few hours later . "  It started out as the worst day of my life , and it ended up as the best , " Sara Stone said . "  I think we probably hugged each other for as long as we could . " Stone says he does n't think he 'll return to the offshore drilling business . But he said he did manage to salvage his most important possession before the rig sank : his wedding ring . "  This amazing person decided to go get his wedding ring from his room , " his wife said . "  I mean , he just has kind of really blown my mind as far as who he is . "	Stephen Stone was to come home from oil rig April 21 Sinking was an early test for young marriage Wife saw rig burning in TV but did n't hear from husband for a day "  Amazing " husband saved wedding ring , she says
CNN  -- The British couple arrested in Spain after pulling their cancer-stricken son out of a Southampton Hospital told a judge they will not return to the UK voluntarily , according to a Madrid court where they appeared on Monday . Brett and Naghmeh King remain in a Spanish prison while the judge awaits information from a hospital in Malaga about the medical status of 5-year-old Ashya King , who has brain cancer . His parents can be detained for 72 hours in Spain before the judge has to decide whether they acted illegally when they defied doctors last week , took their son and sparked an international search for the child . Hotel staff members in Malaga , Spain , recognized Ashya and his family from media coverage and contacted police . Ashya was taken to Materno Infantil Hospital in Spain , and that facility was communicating with University Hospital Southampton , where the boy had been removed by his parents , hospital official said . Brett King defended his actions in a YouTube video made shortly before his arrest . He accuses two doctors at the British hospital for not allowing him to seek proton beam treatment outside of Britain , even though he said he was ready to pay for the treatment himself . "  We pleaded with them for proton beam treatment . They looked at me straight in the face and said with his cancer , which is called medulloblastoma , it would have no benefit whatsoever . " King said he then looked on the Internet and found sites in the United States , France and Switzerland on proton beam treatment that "  said the opposite that it would be beneficial for him . " The Kings traveled to Malaga with their six children to sell a home they own there , in order to "  look for better treatment " for Ashya , said their Spanish lawyer , Juan Isidro Fernandez . The hospital in Southampton issued a statement saying they discussed proton beam radiotherapy with Ashya 's parents . "  We very much regret that the communication and relationship with the King family had broken down in this way and that for whatever reason they have lost confidence in us , " said Dr. Michael Marsh , medical director at University Hospital Southampton . "  Our first concern is for Ashya 's welfare " Marsh said some tumors respond well to proton beam treatment , but "  there are some cases where there is n't the evidence that this is a beneficial treatment , " he said . The hospital statement did not give specifics about Ashya 's case . The 5-year-old 's ordeal has captured the attention of British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I think people up and down the country will understand and be moved by the grave illness from which Ashya is suffering . The priority must be that he receives the most appropriate care , " the Prime Minister 's official spokesman said . Ashya 's brother Naveed posted a video on YouTube explaining how the family cared for the sick child while traveling to Spain . "  This video shows information that would help in court to show that Ashya was not neglected whilst not in Hospital , " the video caption reads . Only if the Spanish judge decides that the King 's acted illegally can the process of extraditing them back to the United Kingdom begin , court officials said . In the United States , only a handful of hospitals offer proton-beam therapy after surgery , including Massachusetts General Hospital , where the late U.S. Sen. Ted Kennedy was treated for brain cancer in 2008 . He died just a year after his surgery for malignant glioma . That surgery was followed by six weeks of radiation . Kennedy wrote about his experience in a Newsweek magazine article at the time that he underwent proton-beam therapy . The theory behind proton therapy is that its high-energy particles zone in specifically on the tumor and so do not harm the surrounding healthy tissue as much as the X-ray photons in conventional therapy , said Dr. Donald O'Rourke , associate professor of neurosurgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine . CNN 's Joyce Joseph and Taylor Phillip contributed to this story	Parents who took son with brain cancer to Spain refuse to return to UK voluntarily , court says They took Ashya King , 5 , from British hospital without authorization , police say The father says there was a disagreement over his son 's course of treatment Parents are in prison until judge decides on charges , court says
CNN  -- Detroit 's recent bankruptcy draws attention to a festering problem in America -- many of our cities are in trouble . According to Moody 's , more than half of the 50 largest U.S. cities have expenses and liabilities that overwhelm their tax revenues -- the same fiscal stress that bankrupted Detroit . The average poverty rate in the poorest half of our 50 largest cities is now nearly 26 % , up from just over 21 % in 2000 . Smaller cities are also struggling . Connecticut , where we are from , has five cities with a population between 100,000 and 150,000 . Three of those five have poverty rates above 25 % , despite the state 's overall wealth . Hartford , once the wealthiest city in the country in 1870 , is now one of the poorest , with a poverty rate of 38 % . Cities develop as centers of trade , industry , government or learning that create opportunity and prosperity as their population and economy expand . But if the economic forces driving that expansion go away , a city 's tax base can disappear while the costs of its infrastructure and a concentrated population remain . These cities end up with a lot of bills and no one to pay them . Their residents , who experience the American Dream when the city is growing , experience the American Nightmare when things turn down -- no job opportunity , underperforming schools , deteriorating housing stock , high crime rates and overextended social services . The market forces that make and break cities are powerful and probably can not -- and should not -- be controlled . Forcing the car industry to remain in Detroit would not have been the answer to Detroit 's problems . But market forces can be coaxed , and smart policy and good leadership make a difference . Pittsburgh , a city that arose around steel as Detroit did around cars , has been repurposed . With steel largely gone , Pittsburgh remains a smaller but thriving and financially healthy city with 125,000 net new jobs since 1990 and an unemployment rate below the national rate . Pittsburgh 's recovery was helped by good policy that included eliminating regulatory impediments to redevelopment of old industrial sites , replacing abandoned factories on the city 's riverfront with a 13-mile continuous loop of parks and supporting some of the country 's earliest small-business incubators . San Diego , a city developed around the defense industry , lost tens of thousands of jobs when the Cold War ended . As jobs left , crime rates rose to record highs , and the city faced a Detroit-like downward spiral . But good crime-fighting policies , including community policing and the early adoption of new forensic technologies , resulted in violent crime dropping from over nine crimes per thousand residents in 1993 to under four by 2011 . The Connecticut Policy Institute recently published its Urban Policy Project , a compendium of policy recommendations for preserving jobs , improving schools and housing , and reducing crime in struggling cities based on successful strategies from around the country . In addition to the strategies that worked in Pittsburgh and San Diego , these recommendations include education reform initiatives such as public school choice and "  money follows the child " approach to school funding , where dollars for charter and magnet schools go directly to those schools , rather than shared with the student 's school district overall . They also include crime reduction initiatives such as reducing recidivism with swift , certain and short punishment for probation violators and housing initiatives such as reforming the low-income tax credit so that it does n't force low-income families to remain in distressed neighborhoods . The "  money follows the child " concept of school funding helped San Francisco nearly double the number of students scoring "  proficient " or "  advanced " on the California Standards Test from 2002 to 2008 . Hawaii 's Opportunity Probation with Enforcement program , which immediately jails any probation or parole violator for up to four days , led to a 55 % decline in recidivism and a 72 % decline in parolee/probationer drug use from 2004 to 2010 . Without smart policy and strong leadership to counter the weakening of a city 's economic foundation , its residents endure very real human suffering and displacement . Fairness and opportunity for everyone are essential premises and promises of America . Both can disappear in a decaying city . There was a heavy focus on urban problems in the 1960s and 1970s . Booming economies -- beginning in the 1980s and continuing through 2007 -- reduced and masked those problems , but most were not fixed . Political dialogue now emphasizes the needs of the "  middle class " and "  working families " rather than the urban poor . It is time to re-engage in an effort to help our most challenged citizens and ensure that fairness and opportunity extend to everyone . The impact of our declining cities is the most compelling equity issue today . Let 's add fixing struggling cities to the national agenda . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Foley and Zimmer are concerned that U.S. cities big and small are failing to keep up with change Economic opportunity , education and poverty issues are growing , they say Detroit , Hartford , San Diego and Pittsburgh have different problems with different solutions
CNN  -- More than 30,000 people have fled their homes ahead of an expected eruption of the Mayon volcano in the central Philippines , the Red Cross said Wednesday . Philippine authorities have said a large-scale eruption of the 2,464-meter  8,077-foot  peak is imminent , and have begun trying to evacuate about 50,000 people living around the nation 's most active volcano . Gwendolyn Pang , the secretary-general of the Philippine Red Cross , said the ground around the mountain shook several times Wednesday . Emergency workers have so far evacuated 30,751 people , with 21 centers set up to take in the evacuees , she said . People in surrounding Albay province have flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon since the mountain began oozing fiery lava and belching clouds of ash this week . The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology raised its alert level for the Mayon volcano Monday night , warning that a full-scale eruption could occur "  within weeks to days . " The volcano , about 500 kilometers  310 miles  south of the Philippine capital Manila , has gone off 49 times since the first documented eruption in 1616 . See an iReporter 's video and photos of Mayon The Philippines is in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns . It 's last major eruption was in 1993 . Since then , it has emitted ash and spewed lava but remained restless .	Large-scale eruption of Mayon Volcano imminent , scientists say 21 centers set up to house more than 30,000 evacuees Mountain shook several times Wednesday , Red Cross says
CNN  -- After hours of chewing over how to deal with Russia 's annexation of Crimea , EU heads have added a further 12 individuals to their blacklist . The list -- adding to an initial 21 person-one long penned on Monday -- is to be released on day two of their Brussels summit . Its first incarnation , presented to European leaders for discussion on Thursday night , included figures close to the Kremlin , an EU union official said . Notable on the list are Valentina Matvienko , speaker of Russia 's upper house , as well as the country 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Rogozin , CNN has learned . The inclusion of Rogozin , in particular , the official said , was almost blocked by Cyprus and Slovakia . They were fearful of the fallout from naming one of Russia 's top politicians . Yet there was a sense that , as an outspoken critic of the West , Rogozin -- like others targeted -- deserved reprimand , the source said . Malta also expressed concern about an unnamed candidate for sanctions , but withdrew its objection . CNN also understands that family members -- thought to be key to the efficacy of any measures -- were not considered amid questions about the legality of such a move and the viability of placing travel bans on individuals , who in some instances are already residents inside the EU . Those expecting swathes of Russian industry to feel the brunt of Europe 's indignation may be disappointed . For sources say that no chief executives of the country 's largest companies , like Gazprom , Rosneft and VTB Bank , will feature on the additional file . Russian President Vladimir Putin 's chief of staff Sergey Ivanov and his minister of defense Sergey Shoigu were not written into the documentation , prepared for Europe 's leaders ahead of their meetings , for fear of sending a bellicose signal to Russia . Though , because of their stature , there was debate about placing them back on , the aide said . Advisers to the Russian president , Vladislav Surkov and Sergey Glazyev , both of whom also face US sanctions , were set to be targeted by the EU as well . Some subject to EU sanctions also find themselves on two lists released by the US this week . Europe has had difficulty in matching America 's action against Russia on Ukraine because each move requires ratification by all 28 member states .	EXCLUSIVE : EU blacklist contains senior Russian politicians List redrafted to add 12 further individuals EU member states almost vetoed prominent politicians ' inclusion Two of Putin 's top advisers also on the list
RollingStone.com  -- Kurt Cobain 's daughter , Frances Bean , has reacted to Lana Del Rey 's recent "  I wish I was dead already " proclamation , which came after an interviewer mentioned Cobain and Amy Winehouse . "  The death of young musicians is n't something to romanticize , " Frances Bean wrote on Twitter , mentioning Del Rey in a series of tweets . "  I 'll never know my father because he died young , and it becomes a desirable feat because people like you think it 's ` cool . ' Well , it 's f**king not . Embrace life , because you only get one life . The people you mentioned wasted that life . Do n't be one of those people . You 're too talented to waste it away . " After a Del Rey fan tweeted at Frances Bean to "  leave her the f**k alone , " the grunge icon 's daughter clarified her tweets . "  I 'm not attacking anyone , " she wrote . "  I have no animosity towards Lana . I was just trying to put things in perspective from personal experience . " RS : No Apologies - All 102 Nirvana Songs Ranked Prior to Frances Bean 's tweets , Del Rey , who had conducted the interview in support of her recently released Ultraviolence record , had already expressed regret over her comment , blaming the Guardian reporter who conducted the interview . In her own series of since-deleted tweets , she said the interviewer asked "  leading questions about death and persona . " "  I regret trusting The Guardian , " she wrote . "  I did n't want to do an interview , but the journalist was persistent . -LSB- He -RSB- was masked as a fan , but was hiding sinister ambitions and angles . Maybe he 's actually the boring one looking for something interesting to write about . " Guardian editor Tim Jonze , who conducted the interview , contradicted her reluctance , calling her "  delightful company . " RS : Lana Del Rey pokes fun at New York hipsters in ` Brooklyn Baby ' Unrelated to Del Rey , Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic recently discussed Cobain 's use and suicide in an interview with Reason TV . When the interviewer asked if the singer-guitarist was "  too beautiful " for this world , Novoselic sighed . "  He was sensitive , and then it was the drug abuse , " the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee said . "  That was a big , big part of it . He was under a lot of pressure . And he made a bad choice . He was probably pretty ripped when he decided to do what he did . If he would have had a clear mind he would n't have done that . " RS : Courtney Love on Dave Grohl - ` It 's Time to Make Amends ' And when the interviewer tried to clarify if Cobain 's death was "  a chemical thing , " the bassist said bluntly , "  He was high on heroin . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Cobain 's daughter responded to Del Rey via Twitter Cobain said stars who died young "  wasted that life " She later added that she has no animosity towards Del Rey
Seoul  CNN  -- The Rev. Sun Myung Moon , founder of the church colloquially known as the Moonies , is unconscious and undergoing treatment for pneumonia at a hospital in South Korea , a spokesman said Thursday . His doctor has given him only a 50 % chance of survival , spokesman Ahn Ho-yeol said . Doctors put the 92-year-old founder of the Unification Church in intensive care Tuesday , where he is breathing through a respirator , the church spokesman said . Moon felt ill suddenly and was hospitalized in Seoul in "  grave condition . " The Unification Church gained fame worldwide for its mass weddings decades ago , including at New York City 's Madison Square Garden . Many met their spouses-to-be for the first time during the ceremony . In addition to weddings in South Korea , couples from various countries took part in the ceremony through satellite hookups . The controversial Moon , whose church critics compare to a cult , served a federal prison term in the United States for tax evasion . He was also a strong supporter of Republican politicians including Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , said Eileen Barker , a professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science . He was "  virulently anti-Communist , " having been imprisoned in North Korea during the Korean War before being freed by the allies , she said . Moon is the founder of The Washington Times newspaper , which vocally backed Reagan , she said . In 2010 , the newspaper was sold to a group operating on his behalf , according to a statement on the paper 's website . In his later years , his position toward North Korea softened , and he met the late North Korean dictator Kim Il-sung and invested some money in the North . His followers regard Moon as the messiah who is completing the salvation that Jesus Christ failed to accomplish . His church says Jesus was divine but he is not God , a position that puts the Unification Church outside the bounds of traditional Christianity . Different measures are under way in case of the worst-case scenario , according to the church spokesman . He did not elaborate on the measures . Followers of the church worldwide are praying for his health , he said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Sun Myung Moon 's church gained fame worldwide for its mass weddings He is the founder of The Washington Times newspaper His doctor has given him only a 50 % chance of survival , a church spokesman says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast killed 20 Shiite pilgrims and injured another 25 in Pakistan 's troubled southwestern Balochistan province Sunday , a senior administration official said . Militants targeted three buses of Shiite pilgrims in the Dringarh area with a car bomb , said Tufail Baloch , deputy commissioner of the Mastung district . One bus was destroyed in the attack , and the other two were damaged , Baloch said . He said buses were carrying Shiite pilgrims from Quetta to Iran . The pilgrims were from Pakistan 's Punjab and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa provinces . Baloch said authorities found a timed device at the scene that indicates the blast was controlled remotely . It was not immediately clear who carried out the attack . But in the past , Sunni militant group Lashkar e Jhangvi has targeted buses of Shiite pilgrims . Shia Islam is a minority sect in the mainly Sunni Muslim country , and its members face persecution from extremists . On November 24 , the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a blast that killed seven people , including three children , during a Shiite religious procession . Read more : Taliban claim responsibility for fatal Pakistan blast	One bus is destroyed and two others are damaged , an official says All three buses were carrying Shiite pilgrims headed toward Iran It was not immediately clear who carried out the attack
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A member of Congress Friday called on the State Department to stop doing business with Xe , the North Carolina-based security company formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide . Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , on Friday urged the State Department "  not to enter into further contracts " with Xe . Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , asked Secretary of State Hillary Clinton whether the State Department had just signed a new $ 20 million dollar contract with Xe for Iraq , saying she is "  very concerned " that the State Department may be signing new security contracts with Xe , both in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I urge you not to enter into further contracts with Xe and to immediately review any existing contracts , " the letter said , according to a copy provided to CNN . "  The behavior and actions of both the company 's leadership and a number of individuals employed by the company have harmed our mission in Iraq and Afghanistan and endangered the lives and welfare of our troops and diplomatic personnel serving overseas . " The State Department decided in January not to renew a personnel protection contract with Blackwater , as the company was then known , when it expired in May . That decision came amidst an investigation by both U.S. and Iraqi authorities of a 2007 shooting involving Blackwater guards in Baghdad in which 17 Iraqis were killed . The company has repeatedly denied any wrong-doing . The State Department did not immediately respond to a request Friday for reaction to Schakowsky 's questions and criticism . The State Department had said that it would continue a Blackwater air-support contract after the much-larger personnel protection contract ended . Xe spokeswoman Stacy DeLuke told CNN that , "  Right now we have no contracts with the State Department in Iraq . " DeLuke said the company would review calls for bids to provide security for U.S. officials in Afghanistan . "  The thing is we are totally open to bidding on some of the contracts that may come up in Afghanistan just like anyone else , " DeLuke said in a telephone interview . The Nation magazine released an article Friday that said the State Department had signed a new contract for Iraq with Xe for $ 20 million to extend an earlier aviation contract . "  The State Department contract is scheduled to run through September 3 . In May , the State Department announced it was not renewing Blackwater 's Iraq contract , and the Iraqi government has refused to issue the company an operating license , " the article said . The controversy over the role of Blackwater in Iraq was revived earlier this week by a lawsuit filed in Virginia by two former employees accusing Blackwater guards of smuggling weapons and using excessive force in Iraq . And the lawsuit claims Blackwater founder Erik Prince "  views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe . " Xe said in a statement that it would respond "  to the anonymous unsubstantiated and offensive assertions put forward by the plaintiffs , " in a brief to be filed August 17 . Blackwater changed its name to Xe in February .	State Department says it will continue Blackwater air-support contract "  I urge you not to enter into further contracts with Xe , " Congresswoman 's letter says Xe spokeswoman Stacy DeLuke says firm "  totally open " to Afghanistan bidding
CNN  -- With phone lines down and communication cut , Haitians living in America are "  sick with worry " and scrambling for information about loved ones who experienced Tuesday 's 7.0 earthquake on the island nation . "  At this point it looks like it 's worse than we all imagined and we still do n't know specifics because of the down power lines , " Gepsi Metellus said Wednesday . She is the executive director of the Sant La Haitian Neighborhood Center in Miami , Florida , which provides services to Haitians in South Florida ranging from help with taxes to how to navigate the American school system . "  We are assuming there are a lot more casualties than we might have initially thought , " she said . Metellus said she still has n't heard from her mother , who splits her time between Haiti -- she lives in Pétionville , a suburb of Port-au-Prince -- and Miami . Her mother flew from Miami to Haiti on Friday . "  She 's in her 70s . I 'm very concerned . " Metellus is also trying to find out how the center can best help people in Haiti , but without information , that 's difficult to ascertain at the moment . "  There are people who want to drop off medicine and food and water at the center , but we do n't even know if that 's what 's needed , much less if we will be able to get those supplies to the island . " Are you looking for loved ones in Haiti ? Haiti is the most impoverished nation in the Western Hemisphere . Plagued with "  political violence for most of its history , " according to the CIA World Factbook , the Caribbean island nation has suffered from colonialism , coups and corruption since becoming the first black republic in 1804 . Are you there ? Submit an iReport More than half of the country lives in "  abject poverty . " The nation imports more than four times the goods it exports and about two-thirds of the labor force lacks formal jobs , the CIA reports . There are 45,000 Americans living in Haiti , and the U.S. Embassy , as of Wednesday , has been able to reach only 40 of them , according to a release from the U.S. State Department . Metellus said the Haitian community in South Florida numbers from 250,000 to 500,000 people . "  The basic infrastructure we 're accustomed to here is nonexistent -LSB- in Haiti -RSB- . To assess the damage is going to be a momentous undertaking . " Complete coverage of the earthquake Disease is rampant in Haiti , and it 's still common for children to die from drinking and washing in fecal contaminated water . UNICEF estimates that 70 percent of Haitians do not have access to "  safe drinking water and adequate sanitation . " Nyvrose Fleurent of Brooklyn , New York , works for the community outreach group Haitian American United Progress and said most Haitian immigrants in the United States have family still on the island . They often financially support family members who are n't able to leave , she said . Read about Haiti donations contributed through Twitter Fleurent said this Tuesday while watching the news . Earlier in the morning she had hugged her brother goodbye before he flew to the Port-au-Prince airport in Haiti . Fleurent , 38 , remains hopeful her family will be unharmed . Her brother and cousins reside in Cap-Haïtien , in the north , on the opposite side of the country from Port-au-Prince , the city closest to the earthquake 's epicenter . Even so , she worried about the impact the quake will have on her struggling home country . "  The people who live there can barely make it , " Fleurent said . "  They ca n't even eat and get money for their basic needs , so this is going to be a big blow for them . I do n't know where Haiti is going to be in the future . It 's already so bad . " Harley Etienne , a Georgia Institute of Technology professor of public policy , fretted Wednesday about his uncle , cousins and his best friend 's mother who live in a suburb of Port-au-Prince . "  It 's all making my family here -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- very nervous and scared , " he said . "  My uncle lives on a hill so it 's quite upsetting . He lives in the same house that my father and his six brothers and sisters grew up in . " "  All we can do is wait and hope , " he said . The State Department Operations Center has set up the following number for Americans seeking information about family members in Haiti : 1-888-407-4747 CNN 's Jessica Ravitz , Stephanie Chen , Ashley Fantz and John Blake contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department line for those seeking information about loved ones : 1-888-407-4747 With phone lines down , Haitians in U.S. fret about loved ones on island "  It looks like it 's worse than we all imagined , " Haitian in Miami says Haiti is most impoverished country in Western Hemisphere , plagued by violence
CNN  -- Facebook is holding an Android-related press event next week and already the Internet is in a tizzy . Could this be the rumored , mythical , magical Facebook phone ? The truth is , I do n't know . For nearly 18 months , rumors of a Facebook phone -- developed by HTC and running a customized version of Android -- have continued to persist . And for nearly 18 months , Facebook has publicly denied its interest in building its own phone . Last September at TechCrunch Disrupt , Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg went on at length about why a Facebook phone was n't right for the company . He said : "  Let 's say we build a phone . We 're not , but if we did , we could maybe get 10 to 20 million people to use it ... It does n't move the needle for us . " "  The strategy we have is different from every other tech company -LSB- like Apple -RSB- that 's building their own hardware system -- we 're going in the opposite direction . . " Of course , if a Facebook phone is coming , this would n't be the first time that a CEO has said one thing publicly while planning on doing exactly the opposite . At Apple , Steve Jobs was famous for denouncing a product  iPod video  or industry  mobile phones  , only to enter that same industry or create that same product later . So let 's assume that a Facebook phone is coming and that it will run some sort of highly-customized version of Android . Does a Facebook phone even make sense anymore , especially given the current market realities and competition in the mobile space ? I say no . The timing for a phone is no longer right When the rumors of a Facebook phone first started to spread , the idea made sense -- at least from a business perspective . Facebook was not yet a public company and it was desperately trying to transition into being a mobile-first company . A phone made sense , in part , because the native mobile app experience was so poor . Not only were the old versions of Facebook for Android and iOS slow and lacking in feature parity with the website , the company had n't started to figure out a way to monetize the apps themselves and offer mobile ad units to buyers . At the same time , while Android was dominating the mobile landscape from a global perspective , Samsung had n't solidified its role as the defacto face of the platform . Plus , most phones running Android in 2011 and into 2012 were running Android 2.3 Gingerbread . A customized version of Android built around Facebook was appealing , because Android itself was still lacking in polish and with some core functionality . That 's no longer the case . With every release , Android gets better looking and better performing . Android 4.2 Jelly Bean is its best yet and we 're expecting to see an even newer version at Google I/O in May . Moreover , the face of Android is no longer Google , it 's Samsung . The Galaxy brand is tremendously powerful , with the Galaxy S III alone selling over 50 million units since June . Plus , Facebook is improving on the mobile front . Its mobile apps are native now and the company has mobile ad units and is making changes to its core products -- such as the News Feed -- to be mobile first and properly monetized . The market for third place Is crowded Facebook has over a billion users on the desktop , but its phone ecosystem wo n't pop up over night . Even if it uses Android as a base , one has to assume that if Facebook makes a phone , it will want to have more control than allowed as part of Google 's Open Handset Alliance . For better or worse , that would mean that it would need to be its own platform . Apple and Android proper make up the vast majority of the smartphone space . The battle for third place is n't just being fought by Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 ; it 's also facing competition from the smaller mobile OS 's such as Tizen , Ubuntu and Firefox OS . Those companies are already making inroads in emerging markets , where it 's easier to disrupt the iOS/Android duopoly . Facebook would n't just be competing with iOS and Google 's version of Android -- it would also be competing with carriers to actually give the phone a chance . Microsoft -- a company with a much longer and stronger history in mobile -- has struggled to gain traction with carriers . Only now , after more than two years of work , is the company outselling iOS in a few select markets . If Facebook thinks it can just waltz in and get carriers to agree to sell its phone , it 's mistaken . Companies such as Huawei and ZTE -- companies that sell more phones than HTC , I might add -- struggle to get major U.S. carriers to pick up their products , and those products run Android proper . Facebook will have a hard time getting carriers not only to agree to carry a Facebook phone , but to promote it . Right now , when a user walks into a store , she has to choose from among a few different iPhone models , a countless array of Android devices , some Windows Phone 8 models and even the BlackBerry Z10 . Plus , even if Facebook does make its own phone , it 's not as if the company can ignore other platforms . The company has to be ubiquitous and offer its apps and services to everyone . Does it really make sense for Facebook to invest the time and resources in further fragmenting the phone space , when it still has to support the two big players anyway ? What does make sense : A Facebook app store for Android While I 'm not convinced that a phone in any sense makes sense for Facebook , it 's clear that Facebook does need to get its hooks deeper into mobile . For a Facebook phone to be worthwhile -- Zuckerberg is right -- it ca n't be just 10 or 20 million , it has to have massive scale . Facebook will have a hard time achieving that scale with its own phone and OS . But that does n't mean the company could n't still achieve that sort of scale by going another route . Rather than building a phone and customizing its own version of Android to fit its needs , Facebook should take some cues from Amazon and consider building its own Facebook app store that runs on Android devices . By app store -- I do n't just mean a copy of Google Play or a place for developers to offer their apps on yet another store -- I mean a way for Facebook to offer mobile developers a way to build apps that interact and interface with Facebook on a deeper level . These apps could interface with the native Facebook interface more fluidly -- and maybe even let developers bring their traditional Facebook apps to Android in a way that does n't require the same commitment as building a traditional Android app . Plus , an app store would be a good market test to see if the demand for a Facebook phone actually exists . After all , it would be a lot easier to launch a phone with a slew of supported mobile apps and deep integration . Look , at one point , a Facebook phone might have made sense . In today 's climate and crowded mobile market , that 's no longer the case . This commentary reflects the opinions of the author and not necessarily those of Mashable or CNN . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook is holding an Android-related press event on April 4 The event has reignited speculation about a possible Facebook phone Warren : The timing is wrong , and the market is too crowded Warren : Instead , a Facebook app store for Android would make more sense
Singapore  CNN  -- How do you sell a missile ? Giving it a name that conjures up images of destruction or protection is a good start ; weapons called "  Iron Dome defense system " or "  Predator " are unequivocal . However , a fearsome title alone wo n't clinch a multi-million dollar sale , so military trade events like air shows give weapons manufacturers a chance to show off their products -- even if the hard sell has been done over months and years of networking and negotiations . "  There 's no new business here , but new sales prospects , " says Mikael Olsson of Saab Technologies . The Swedish arms maker 's stall at the Singapore Airshow has a full size simulator of their anti-aircraft defense system , the prosaically named RBS70 NG . Like similar demo models in the voluminous hall , it attracted the attention of passing visitors , and some potential new customers , commonly referred to as "  pop-ups . " Doing military 's dangerous , dull and dirty work Demonstrated by Olsson 's colleague Hakan Bystrom , it seems more like playing a video game with a cool piece of kit than a weapon capable of blasting an enemy jet out of the sky . "  Systems are getting more technical , so making them easy to operate is a strong selling point , " says Bystrom . Over the years the RBS70 has been sold in 18 countries , though Bystrom says he does n't think it 's ever been used in a combat situation . While plenty of technical detail and test footage can be used in support of any demo , being able to say a weapon has been used in combat situations gives it far more kudos . "  Most of our products are combat proven , " says Amit Zimmer of Israel 's Rafael Advanced Defense Systems , standing next to full-size models of missiles . "  We live in a test range , unfortunately it 's one of our advantages . There is a big difference between a PowerPoint presentation and combat-proven systems . " Some manufacturers are less keen to talk to people outside the industry about what their weapons do , but Zimmer is happy to describe the capability of some of Rafael 's munitions , including a new short-range "  Spike " -- "  the baby of the group " -- that he claims can be directed from kilometers away through any window of your choice . "  You have to know how to fit yourself to the customers needs ... sometimes you have to make tailor-made things , " he says . "  People come to us and say , ` Look we have a problem with our border , what solutions can you give us ? ' " Most of the military products on display are marketed as defensive rather than offensive , with "  protecting assets " and "  commanding combat zones " being common terms . Missiles are increasingly promoted for their accuracy and ability to minimize collateral damage -- confirming a trend that so much modern warfare takes place in urban or civilian areas . Some are surrounded in obfuscating terms and industry jargon , like blast patterns , CP -- that refers to a weapon 's accuracy -- or J-effect , when a bomb bounces and does n't explode . Others are more upfront about what their munitions actually do . MBDA Missile Systems , Europe 's largest missile manufacturer and owned by the continents big aerospace companies , has a promotional video playing on its stand showing weapons destroying moving cars and other real targets in combat in Afghanistan and Libya . "  I would say that our customers have been over satisfied with how our systems have worked , " says MBDA 's Daniel Petit , in reference to their use by the British and French air force in the recent conflict in Libya . But regardless of how a weapon is marketed it 's getting harder to sell , as more countries are trying to become manufacturers and not just purchasers . "  The whole industry is currently changing . It 's harder to sell  in the Asia region  , mainly because of stricter rules and anti-corruption measures , " says Olsson . "  Now it 's a lot more about transfer of technology  between countries  and partnerships . "  In the end to sell your products you simply need to be the best at the cheapest price . "	Trade events like air shows give weapons manufacturers a chance to show off their products Swedish arms maker ' Saab has full size simulator of their anti-aircraft defense system Saab : "  Systems are getting more technical , so making them easy to operate is a strong selling point " Most military products on display are marketed as defensive rather than offensive
CNN  -- He claimed he won the prize this week , and now it 's official : Pedro Quezada of New Jersey is the winner of Saturday 's $ 338 million Powerball jackpot , the New Jersey Lottery said Tuesday . Quezada announced on Monday that he held the winning ticket , but the final word from lottery officials did n't come until Tuesday . "  I felt pure joy , just happiness , " Quezada , a Dominican immigrant and deli owner , told reporters at a news conference Tuesday . "  It 's a gift from God , " he said . Undoubtedly , his life will change . But the money "  wo n't change my heart , " Quezada said . He said he was walking to work Monday and saw a crowd at a liquor store in Passaic , New Jersey . He 'd bought his Powerball ticket there , so he thought he should go in to see who won . He had his ticket with him , and showed it to the clerk , who checked it and told him he was the winner . Laughing , he recalled leaving the store and going to "  hide . " He said he was nervous Monday night . "  I could n't close my eyes , " the father of five said in Spanish , relying on a translator throughout the news conference . "  I never thought I would win such a prize , " Quezada said . Quezada chose the up-front cash option , instead of an annuity , when he bought his ticket . The lump sum is $ 211 million . But after federal and state taxes , he will net about $ 151 million , Carole Hedinger , executive director of the New Jersey Lottery , has said . For winner , unexpected change can come with those dollars One reporter asked whether he planned to stay in New Jersey , while others inquired whether he wanted to return to the Dominican Republic to celebrate with family and friends . Quezada said he moved to the United States when he was 19 . "  I do n't know , " he said . "  I have to think about it , my mind is not clear yet . " When asked if he plans to keep working , he said no , recalling long days that started at 5 in the morning . And his son who works at the deli wo n't continue either , Quezada said . "  Of course , my family 's a very humble family , and we 're going to help each other out , " he said . Quezada is married and has five children , ages 5-23 , and one granddaughter . His wife , who is from Mexico , also spoke at the news conference , saying she did n't have words when her husband first broke the news . Quezada said he might buy a car with part of his winnings . A reporter asked him what kind of car he has now . "  My feet , " he answered , laughing . He said he wants to help people with his winnings . "  I do n't know exactly how , but I will help those in need , " he said . Quezada 's ticket matched all six numbers drawn Saturday night : 17 , 29 , 31 , 52 , 53 and the Powerball , 31 . The largest jackpot in Powerball history was $ 587.5 million . The lottery is held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and Washington . Why you keep playing the lottery CNN 's Dana Ford and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Pedro Quezada says the money is a "  gift from God " NEW : It 'll change his life , but not his heart , says the Dominican immigrant and deli owner NEW : Quezada moved to the United States when he was 19 NEW : He has five children , ages 5-23 , and one granddaughter
CNN  -- A leader of the defeated Tamil Tiger rebel group has been arrested in Bangkok , Thailand , state television in Sri Lanka reported Thursday . Selvarasa Padmanathan , also known as KP , was the "  self-appointed ... leader and chief arms dealer " of the Tamil Tigers , according to Lankapuvath , the national news agency of Sri Lanka . It also reported the arrest , citing the Sri Lankan government information department . The Sri Lankan military defeated the Tamil Tigers this year . The rebel group is formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . It fought a 25-year war seeking an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka . At least 70,000 were killed . Remnants of the battered Tamil Tiger group decided in July that Padmanathan would "  lead us into the next steps of our freedom struggle , " according to a published account . That happened after the Sri Lankan military killed the group 's long-time leader , Velupillai Prabhakaran , in the final days of a bloody offensive that ended the war .	Selvarasa Padmanathan was "  self-appointed leader Tamil Tigers " Sri Lankan military defeated the Tamil Tigers this year Tigers fought a 25-year war seeking an independent state for minority
Washington  CNN  -- A compromise proposal to expand background checks on gun sales lacks enough support to win Senate approval now , which will likely delay a vote on the measure that has strong public support , one of the sponsors told CNN on Monday . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , acknowledged the vote on the amendment he worked out with Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania was being pushed back to try to build more support . Asked if the vote would take place Tuesday or Wednesday , as supporters had hoped , Manchin said he did n't think so . "  I would say by the end of the week , probably , " he added . The Manchin-Toomey compromise had been scheduled as the first amendment to be considered as part of gun legislation pushed by President Barack Obama and Democrats in the aftermath of the Newtown school massacre in December . Last week , the broader gun package received 68 votes , including 16 from Republicans , to bring it to the Senate floor . Before discussion on the legislation began Monday , Manchin told CNN there was more work to do . "  We 've got to work hard and the more people know about the bill , the more people read the bill , the more people see the facts of the bill , it breaks down all the misnomers , " he said of what he called misinformation about the background check proposal being spread by opponents . Both Manchin and Toomey are self-professed gun lovers who have gotten high marks from the powerful National Rifle Association for their voting records on firearms issues . However , the NRA opposes their compromise , casting doubt on whether it can get the 60 Senate votes necessary to pass under the filibuster threshold imposed by Republicans . Far fewer Republicans than the 16 who voted last week to open debate are committed to backing the Manchin-Toomey amendment or supporting the final gun package . So far , four GOP senators have declared they will support the Manchin-Toomey compromise or were leaning toward backing it . With at least two moderate Democrats from pro-gun states known to oppose the measure , it needs at least seven GOP votes to have any chance of passing . Gun rights group endorses background check deal The amendment will be one of perhaps dozens to be debated on the broader package of gun laws drafted in response to the killing of 20 first-graders and six educators at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . The package also contains measures to crack down on gun trafficking and straw purchases , and to find ways to improve school safety . On Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney sought to keep up the pressure on senators to approve the expanded background checks , noting polls show about 90 % of Americans support such a move . "  If they vote no , they will be siding with the 10 % and not the 90 % in the United States that support background check legislation , " Carney told reporters . In debate expected to last two weeks , senators will consider efforts by both sides to either expand or weaken the gun package . Republican Sen. Collins will support Manchin-Toomey gun compromise A push by Democrats for an updated ban on semiautomatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons , as well as limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds , is expected to fail . Republicans will push an NRA proposal to make state concealed weapons permits acceptable nationwide , a concept opposed by many Democrats . Since the Newtown attack by a lone gunman , Connecticut and a few other states have passed tougher gun laws . While polls show Americans favoring expanded background checks and other proposals intended to crack down on gun trafficking , more pro-gun states have passed laws easing firearms restrictions . In addition , the NRA has promised political retribution for legislators who back measures it opposes . "  This debate in some ways is underscoring just the extent to which there is a polarization in our society , " Toomey told CNN on Sunday , lamenting "  the acrimony that has gotten into politics . " Asked if he was concerned about political repercussions , the conservative Republican said : "  I 'll just let the political chips fall the way they fall . " In a separate interview on CBS , Manchin acknowledged the power of the NRA , saying : "  They wo n't be with us on this and I just would hope that they would allow their members to see the facts and let them vote their conscience . " Both senators said Monday that part of the problem involves misconceptions about their compromise , and they urged colleagues to read the 49-page measure instead of relying on what they called erroneous political rhetoric by opponents . Their amendment expands background checks to gun shows and all Internet sales , but exempts private transactions such as hunting rifles traded among family and friends . Co-author of gun compromise says Senate support an ` open question ' It also makes it easier for hunters and sport shooters to transport their firearms across state lines . It would also require states and the federal government to provide records on criminals and the "  violently mentally ill " to the national background check system , addressing a criticism by the NRA and other opponents of gun laws that the existing system lacks substantive information . In addition , the plan calls for a new National Commission on Mass Violence to report in six months on "  all aspects of the problem , including guns , school safety , mental health , and violent media or video games . " The NRA opposes the compromise as a possible first step toward a national gun registry and therefore a violation of the constitutional right to bear arms . However , smaller pro-gun groups have come out in favor of the Manchin-Toomey amendment , indicating a rift in the gun lobby over the emotional issue of taking legislative action in response to the Newtown killings . Manchin said Monday he was reaching out to senators who voted last week against beginning debate on guns . "  We 're working on all of them . Some of them who might not have voted for cloture might be more receptive once they see the facts , " he said . "  Now that we have gun groups coming out in support , it really helps us . " Manchin and Toomey noted Monday that their proposal includes a specific prohibition against a national gun registry as well as criminal penalties for misusing background check information for that purpose . In a statement on Sunday , moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine said she would support the compromise because it exempted private family gun transactions from needing a background check , calling it a "  commonsense approach " that required the screening only for commercial transactions . No sense of urgency : Rocky road ahead for gun legislation in the House Even if the compromise passes and the Senate proceeds to approve a broader gun package , it was unclear if the Republican-led House would go along . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , has stopped short of promising a vote , saying only that the chamber would look at whatever the Senate sends over . Obama has made the gun legislation a major focus of his second term , holding events across the country to push for congressional action and public pressure . Last weekend , the mother of one of the Newtown schoolchildren killed in December delivered the weekly presidential address instead of Obama . Francine Wheeler , whose 6-year-old son Ben died in the attack by a lone gunman , noted that since the December 14 killings , "  thousands of other Americans have died at the end of a gun . " "  Thousands of other families across the United States are also drowning in our grief , " Wheeler said . "  Please help us do something before our tragedy becomes your tragedy . " The issue has raised attention on overall gun deaths in the country , with supporters of tougher gun laws noting that more than half all homicides involve firearms and U.S. levels are higher than other countries . On Saturday night , a man shot himself to death during a NASCAR event sponsored by the NRA in Texas . CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Gregory Wallace and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Manchin says a vote on background checks unlikely until later in the week A compromise amendment on background checks comes up this week Republicans who voted to open debate may not support the bill Debate on the overall gun package is expected to last two weeks
Atlanta  CNN  -- Retirement terrifies sports stars . The end of a glittering career can feel like falling off a cliff to an athlete who thrives on fame and fortune . And the longer the career , the harder the end game seems to be . For living legends , it 's especially tough to know how to quit . World heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield turned 50 this year -- but he still wants to box professionally . "  I 'm not retired , " he says . "  If I can get a championship fight , I will . " He wo n't fight just anyone , though -- only top boxers . Because he holds five heavyweight titles , he tells CNN that young boxers could want to challenge him just because they have something to prove . Holyfield can still draw a crowd , nearly 30 years after his professional debut . During a recent visit to CNN Center in Atlanta , fans swarmed him , taking pictures and shaking his hand . Holyfield : I want to be a heavyweight champion again "  I keep myself right at the  professional  level , in case somebody feels froggy and says , ' I think I 'm going to whup the old man , ' " he says . "  And they 'd be shocked . " He says he trains every day , so that he always feels ready to fight at the top level . But Holyfield also faces a fight outside the ring : He lost his Atlanta-area mansion to foreclosure in 2012 . So he understands the perils of quickly rising from modest means to riches -- then back again . He is trying to get his financial house in order . He recently took a sales role with Primerica , a financial services company . Holyfield sees it as an opportunity to teach others how to manage money . "  When I was 21 years old , I was a millionaire , " he says . "  You 're talking about a guy making $ 8,000 a year , working 40 hours a week , made the Olympic team , went to the Olympics , two weeks later -- a millionaire . " When Holyfield signed his first million-dollar contract three decades ago , he had been working three jobs that together earned him less than $ 10,000 . "  It was just all of a sudden , " he says . "  I came into boxing , I made big money . " But getting used to big swings in the bank account is n't the only challenge celebrity athletes such as Holyfield face . They also have to learn how to live without the constant cheer of the crowds once they 're out of the spotlight . CNN PROFILES : Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 's ` giant steps ' Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , 65 , was one of the world 's most famous basketball players . He remains the record all-time scorer in the National Basketball Association . He still has to duck to get his 7-foot , 2-inch frame through most doorways . But when he retired as a player in 1989 , after 20 years of professional play , he was at a loss . He told CNN : "  The first training camp that I missed , I was like , ` Jeez , what am I going to do now ? ' " He quotes another sports legend -- Jackie Robinson -- to describe how he felt when he retired . "  He said that athletes die twice , " Abdul-Jabbar said . "  You know , when that first career is gone , that 's a death . " That adjustment was harder for Abdul-Jabbar to process than his cancer diagnosis in 2008 . He has chronic myeloid leukemia , a blood cancer that he manages with drug therapy . "  I think that  retirement  was the more difficult adjustment because you do n't know what to do , " he said . "  I 'd had this incredible career . " But when he started to cultivate his talents off the court , he discovered a new calling . Now , he says , he wants to be known for his writing -- not just his basketball prowess . Faster , stronger , longer : Olympians live longer than the rest of us "  I always tell people I can stuff a basketball into a hoop , but I also have a mind , " he said . He has written seven books , including one for children , that focus on contributions from African-Americans to U.S. culture . Inspiring young people to pursue paths in science , math , engineering and other disciplines beyond professional sports is a passion . Because of his reputation as a famous athlete , his advice resonates with young fans . "  It 's really important that young people get ... that there 's more to their life than sports and entertainment , " he said . Abdul-Jabbar also works as a paid spokesman for Novartis Pharmaceuticals , which makes Tasigna , the drug therapy he takes to manage his CML . He says this role exposes him to a new fan base . "  People come up to me now and start talking to me about someone in their family , or a friend , or a loved one that has some type of leukemia . " He said the experience has opened up a new world to him . Sports psychologist Jack Llewellyn says that very few professional athletes want to think about coming to the end of their careers while they 're still playing . "  As a consequence , very few of them are prepared for that next chapter . " Finding a passion off the court while she was still playing in major tournaments helped Martina Navratilova . The tennis superstar , now 55 , played professionally well into her 40s . She said that after retiring , "  you become irrelevant really quickly . " But because she never defined herself solely through tennis , she was able to accept the transition . "  My sense of self-worth did not depend on winning matches , " she said . Navratilova still is committed to keeping fit : she runs with her dogs , skis , cycles and plays hockey . "  And of course , I play tennis . " Navratilova serves as fitness ambassador for AARP , which she says she loves . And she wrote "  Shape Your Self : My 6-Step Diet and Fitness Plan to Achieve the Best Shape of Your Life . " Her advice to other athletes , professional and amateur ? Play a new game when you get older . "  Find another sport that you can really improve at , that you can get excited about , and have fun , " she said . Athletes can still satisfy their competitive drive , without comparing their current game to how they used to perform when they were younger . Shaquille O'Neal tweets that he 's retiring Like Navratilova , Kevin Willis played professionally much longer than most others in his sport . His career with the NBA stretched into his 40s . But he still did n't want to retire . "  If it was n't for the simple fact that I 'm older , I would  still  be playing , " he said . He finally stopped because he says he did n't want to wear out his welcome . Willis spent half of his prolific career playing for the Atlanta Hawks . The president of the team , Bob Williams , acknowledged that most NBA athletes do n't want their playing days to end . "  It 's hard to give up the adrenaline rush , " he said . He noted that Willis is exceptional in carefully orchestrating his next step after the NBA , and other players could follow suit . "  He 's leading by example , " Williams said . Willis already had a post-NBA pursuit lined up when he stopped playing for good five years ago . He started a clothing brand , Willis and Walker , back in 1988 . It caters to men who are 6-foot-3 inches and taller , a demographic the 7-footer understands very well . Speaking from his boutique in Atlanta , he told CNN : "  The relationships that I built over those 21 years from basketball , I tapped into ... to help me build this . " His clients include former and present professional athletes . Having two decades worth of NBA earnings helps Willis to finance the endeavor . He says he has poured more than $ 1 million of his own money into the brand . Willis turned 50 this year , but he can still carry his weight -- and then some . He says he can still bench press 315 pounds , just as he did when he played professionally . But now , instead of lifting one set of that weight , he completes five sets of five or six repetitions . "  And how did that happen ? " he said . "  I do n't know , man . It 's just in the genetics , I guess . " Without the rigors of the NBA game schedule , Willis has more time to train -- and to reflect on his recent milestone birthday . "  That 's a lot of life , " he said of turning 50 . "  And I 'm always thankful for a lot of stuff , but when you reach that milestone , it 's like : ` Wow ! ' "	Heavyweight boxing champion Evander Holyfield says he has n't retired Basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar lives with leukemia in his retirement Martina Navratilova serves as AARP Fitness Ambassador Retired NBA player Kevin Willis can still bench press 315 pounds
CNN  -- Police in Montreal were working Wednesday to uncover the motive behind a gunman 's midnight attack that left one person dead and another wounded at the victory rally by Quebec 's newly elected premier . Pauline Marois was speaking to excited supporters near midnight Tuesday when the man , dressed in what appeared to be a bathrobe and face mask and armed with two guns , slipped into the Montreal concert hall and opened fire . He then set a small fire at the venue 's back door , police said . Amid the chaos , Marois ' security team hustled her off stage . She was not injured , but one person died and another was wounded , according to police . Minutes later , the 63-year-old returned to thank her supporters and asked the crowd to calmly leave the room . Police said Wednesday they were trying to determine whether Marois was the intended target of the gunman , who was arrested moments after the attack . Authorities took the 62-year-old suspect to the hospital after his arrest for what police described as an ailment that did not appear to be serious . Police would not release the suspect 's name until he appears in court , they said , which is not likely before Thursday afternoon . Authorities also have not yet released the identity of the dead shooting victim , saying family members may not yet have been notified . The second shooting victim suffered non-life threatening injuries , according to Montreal police Commander Ian Lafreniere . While it 's not clear what the motive for the attack may have been , the man shouted "  The English are waking up ! " in French as he was being taken to a police cruiser . Marois ' party , Parti Quebecois , wants the French-speaking province to secede from Canada and become its own country . Marois and her party defeated the incumbent Liberal party in the elections , unseating longtime premier Jean Charest and making her the province 's first female leader . "  As a result of this tragedy , it is all the Quebecois who are grieving today in the face of such a senseless act of violence , " Marois said in a statement released by the party . She said elections , not violence , should guide Quebec 's future . Marois said she saw little of the incident that prompted her security detail to whisk her off the stage and was not aware one shooting victim had died until later . She downplayed suggestions that the campaign had anything to do with the incident . "  I do n't think there is a relation between the events of yesterday and the style of our campaign , " she said . Quebec voters first elected a separatist government in 1976 , and since that time the province has quarreled with the English-speaking majority in the rest of Canada over its position in the country . Quebec voters have twice rejected referendums supporting sovereignty for the province , the last time in a closely contested 1995 vote , said Antonia Maioni , a political science professor at McGill University in Montreal . The issue seemed to fade following that loss and the 2003 election of Charest as premier , and was not the central issue in the election that vaulted Marois to power , Maioni said . "  Sovereignty played  a role  , but I would n't say it was the ballot box issue in this election , " Maioni said . While Marois talked up the issue with the party faithful , she pitched to the broader electorate with a message of change and a platform calling for expanded economic programs and government financial reforms , Maioni said . During her victory speech , Marois called for unity and told English-speaking Quebec residents that their rights would be respected , CBC reported . "  We share the same history , and I want us to shape together our future , " she said in English . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Pauline Marois says she does n't think the shooting and campaign were linked Police say Marois , the new premier , may have been the target of the shooting Marois ' party supports Quebec separating from Canada Report : The suspect shouts , "  The English are waking up ! " as he is taken away
CNN  -- A northern California couple have offered a "  full confession " for their role in kidnapping Jaycee Dugard and holding her for 18 years , a defense lawyer said Monday . Stephen Tapson , the court-appointed attorney for Nancy Garrido , told reporters that she and Philip Garrido had given "  full and complete statements " to the El Dorado , California , sheriff 's office -- including one such session in which Dugard was in the same room , separated from her alleged abductors by only a table . "  They 've been honest with them , in the hope of mercy on the behalf of Mr. Garrido for Mrs. Garrido , " said Tapson , who does not represent Philip Garrido . The pair told authorities "  everything they wanted to know . " Dugard was 11 years old when she was snatched in 1991 from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities say the Garridos held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years . She was 29 when she was found in August 2009 at the Garridos ' home in Antioch , California , about 120 miles from her house . Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , has been accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Tapson alluded to Nancy Garrido 's role in kidnapping Dugard and other issues , while distancing his client from her part in the forced sexual relationship between Dugard and Philip Garrido . He said that Nancy Garrido served as a mother figure to Dugard 's children , fathered by Philip and born while Jaycee was in captivity . Calling his client 's case "  a classic example of really lousy taste in men , " Tapson said he 'd likely argue that Nancy Garrido suffered from "  Stockholm syndrome " -- unswervingly following her husband , even when it meant committing illegal acts . Nancy Garrido "  does n't want to disengage " with her husband -- "  but hopefully she will , with urging , " her lawyer said . Neither Garrido has pled guilty to any crimes , as of yet . Absent a plea agreement , Nancy Garrido could face 278 years , eight months in prison , while Philip Garrido might get upwards of 440 years , according to Tapson . Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother , Terry Probyn , and Dugard 's two daughters . Officials had previously said Dugard does not want to speak to either Garrido . Tapson said he has asked to speak to Dugard but that she has not talked to him as of yet . He said Nancy Garrido was in "  tears " when she saw Dugard , who listened to a confessed statement from the two at the El Dorado Sheriff Office 's detective bureau . Tapson spoke Monday outside El Dorado Superior Court in Placerville following a brief hearing into several media outlets ' request to make public grand jury testimony and Philip Garrido 's mental health records . Judge Douglas Phimster denied the motion , according to a court statement , saying that doing so "  will prejudice  the Garridos '  right to a fair trial . " Philip Garrido will next be in court March 17 , according to the El Dorado Superior Court website , for his arraignment -- a step that has been delayed amid questions about his mental competence . There is no posted date for Nancy Garrido 's next court appearance .	NEW : A judge denies media 's request for grand jury testimony and other info Nancy Garrido 's lawyer says his client and her husband Philip gave a "  full confession " The pair , who have n't pled guilty , told authorities "  everything they wanted to know " Dugard was kidnapped at 11 and had two children while in captivity for 18 years
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- The last thing we heard before going into Castro Castro prison here was the sound of a metal door closing behind us and the clanking of bolts and locks . We were locked in . Castro Castro is home to some of Peru 's most violent criminals , including terrorists . It is also the new home of Joran van der Sloot , who is charged in the murder of a young Peruvian woman , and has long been a suspect the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba . The prison , built in the 1980s to house national terrorists , is surrounded by dirt roads in a poor neighborhood in the outskirts of Lima . It is one of the country 's most technologically advanced prisons . Visitors must consent to a full body scan in order to enter the jail . We had to cross several gated perimeters before we arrived at one of the twelve inmate pavilions . Inmates are housed according to their crimes and every inmate group has a leader who serves as a liaison between the inmates and jail officials . We were able to speak freely to inmates in one pavilion used to house inmates accused of drug crimes . They told us that rehabilitation is a big part of their prison life . We were shown several workshops that teach skills including arts and crafts , baking , culinary arts , carpentry , shoe making and computer skills . Prison officials say these inmates have passed psychological exams and have earned the benefit of participating in these specialty workshops . Inmate Walter Ramos told us he would go crazy if it was n't for the opportunity to be in the art and crafts workshop . He has been in prison for 27 months and has yet to stand trial . The last time he saw a judge was 14 months ago , he says . At Castro Castro . inmates are rewarded for good behavior as a way for authorities to keep the peace amongst the population . As we made our way through the different pavilions and speak to a group of men charged for terrorism we are constantly surrounded by about a dozen guards . They will accompany us for the duration of our 3 hour visit . It is a large amount of security considering that only fifty unarmed guards watch over almost 1600 inmates on a daily basis . Overpopulation is a big problem at Castro Castro . The jail was built to house only 700 inmates , with two inmates per cell but in fact , four to six inmates now occupy most cells , authorities said . We asked to see the living quarters but authorities would not allow it citing security concerns . We were able to see was Joran van der Sloot 's cell . Prison officials took us after he was escorted out . We caught a glimpse of him through the fence as guards led him from the protective custody unit . He wore an orange shirt and light colored pants . He is kept in a solitary cell the size of a walk-in closet . It was equipped with a cot covered with a thin mattress and a blanket made from Peruvian textiles . The mattress was probably about six inches thick , and it was covered with a sheet . It seemed comfortable enough to the touch . On top of the bed were several books , most of them in Dutch . The books included a Bible and other religious works . Beneath the books were some magazines . Also on top of the bed were two unopened boxes of what looked like toothpaste . There were hooks on the walls for clothes . Hanging on one was the red knit jacket van der Sloot has worn on television . There was a hole in the floor for a toilet and a concrete sink with running water . The cell did n't seem cold . The floor of the cell was covered with shiny synthetic wood . Van der Sloot does not eat with the other inmates , prison officials said . His meals are prepared separately for him for security reasons . He eats what the prison staff eats . We are told he has met with a criminal defense attorney , Maximo Altez . Outside his cell complex we bump into pastoral superintended Peter Middelkoop , who said he had just met with Van der Sloot to offer him spiritual advice . He could not provide us with any details , citing confidentiality agreements . Jail director Alex Samame told us his goal is to eventually introduce Van der Sloot into the general population . Inmate Ramos said Van der Sloot has nothing to worry about since many at Castro Castro have been accused of similar crimes . "  He is one of us " he said .	Joran van der Sloot has his own cell at the Castro Castro prison in Lima , Peru He eats the same food as the prison staff for security reasons A Bible , some boxes of toothpaste , and magazines were on his bed In Session toured the prison and received access to the cell
CNN  -- China closed 1,355 small coal mines this year , according to Xinhua , the country 's state-run press agency . The effort is part of a larger plan to restructure the mining industry to prevent deadly accidents and reduce greenhouse gas emissions , Xinhua reported , citing the National Energy Administration  NEA  . China has one of the world 's deadliest records for miners , with poor safety standards accounting for thousands of deaths each year . According to the China Mining Association , the goal is to eventually boost the industry . Small coal mines , which use outdated technology , will be replaced with larger coal mines , increasing capacity . Davitt McAteer , former press secretary for the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration , called the move a response to the consequences of China 's "  unmitigated economic growth . " "  If you emphasize production so much ... and you fail to balance the needs of the individual with the needs of the community , you get all kinds of disasters in terms of health and environment , " he said . China is the largest global producer and consumer of coal , comprising 75 percent of China 's total energy consumption . Approximately 11,000 small coal mines are still in operation .	Effort targets deadly accidents , pollution China will switch to larger mines with newer equipment , increased capacity Coal makes up 75 percent of China 's energy use
CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Friday for Congress to fund proposals to expand public-private programs to build and repair modern ports , pipelines , schools and other infrastructure . At a campaign-style event in Miami , Obama said strengthening the nation 's infrastructure should be a non-partisan issue because it helps American business and creates jobs for the construction industry . "  We ca n't afford Washington politics to stand in the way of America 's progress , " Obama said , adding that "  ultimately , Congress has to fund these projects . " Obama 's proposals followed up on his call in this year 's State of the Union address for such public-private partnerships to strengthen infrastructure development . A White House aide told reporters traveling with Obama on Air Force One that the proposals outlined Friday would cost $ 21 billion , but added that they would not add to the federal deficit . "  Their impact on the economy will be substantially greater because they will be leveraged two to one , three to one , four to one , up to seven to one depending upon the particular program , " said Alan Krueger , the chairman of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers . He added that "  they will not increase the deficit by a dime because they are paid for in our budget . " Obama 's budget for next year is due in coming weeks . Obama has unsuccessfully sought congressional approval throughout his presidency for a more aggressive national investment in road , rail , bridge and energy infrastructure construction to create jobs and spur economic growth . While some states have embraced private-public partnerships , Congress has been less receptive , partly because Republicans want to offset any new spending with cuts elsewhere . Lawmakers from both parties are also wary of losing more control over decisions on the scope and pace of infrastructure development , a key area of federal spending that they can direct to their states and districts . Proponents of public-private partnerships argue that the nation 's aging infrastructure needs repair broadly and modernization . But shrinking federal , state and local budgets as well as less revenue overall from other traditional financing sources , like fuel taxes , have undercut efforts to keep pace with demand . The American Society of Civil Engineers said in a 2013 assessment that the United States had a "  significant backlog of overdue maintenance " across infrastructure systems and a "  pressing need for modernization . " For instance , the group estimates it will cost $ 21 billion to bring critical , aging dams up to speed . It also says one in nine of the nation 's bridges are rated as structurally deficient and spending on overall maintenance and construction is roughly $ 8 billion short of what 's necessary to keep them in good shape . More than 40 percent of America 's major urban highways remain congested , costing the economy an estimated $ 101 billion in wasted time and fuel annually , the engineering group said . Private equity , corporations and other investors have lined up billions to spend on projects that offer a financial return over time or other benefits , such as tax breaks . However , the lack of federal policy or new funding commitments for such arrangements has slowed that approach . Obama favors a new bond-financing program similar to a now-expired one that was created for states and municipalities to stimulate infrastructure construction . He also called for creation of a federally run infrastructure bank aimed at attracting outside investment , an idea he has floated previously that Congress has yet to embrace . A White House document on the plan said the proposed $ 10 billion infrastructure bank would raise as much as $ 200 billion in leveraged private investment . Citing a Miami tunnel project endorsed by both the city 's chamber of commerce and labor unions , he said such agreement showed that politicians also should be able to sign on .	NEW : Obama says Washington politics should n't slow America 's progress President Obama calls for government-private sector partnerships for infrastructure His proposals provide details to an idea from his State of the Union address NEW : Engineering group cites deficient bridges and other infrastructure needs
CNN  -- Mexico issued a hurricane warning for the southern Baja California peninsula Monday in preparation for Hurricane Jimena , a powerful Category 4 storm with winds near 155 mph  250 kph  , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said . Forecasters expect Hurricane Jimena to approach the southwestern tip of Baja California 's peninsula Tuesday . A hurricane warning means hurricane conditions are expected within 24 hours . The storm could bring as much as 2 feet of rain to the area , along with dangerous , battering waves , forecasters said . Jimena was centered about 285 miles  460 km  south of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , according to the hurricane center . It was traveling northwest near 10 mph  17 kph  but meteorologists expect Jimena to pick up speed in the coming day . Forecasters expect the storm to continue in a northwest motion and approach the southwestern tip of Baja California Tuesday , forecasters said . "  It 's not expected to change in strength very much during the next day or so , " said Daniel Brown , a hurricane specialist at the center . See the storm 's projected path " "  It may begin to weaken a little as it approaches the Baja peninsula , but it 's expected to remain a very dangerous hurricane , perhaps a Category 3 as it approaches that area . " Jimena is the 10th named storm of the Pacific season . Residents in spots expected to be hit by Jimena should prepare for potentially rough conditions , Brown said . Tropical Storm Kevin is also making its presence felt in the Pacific Ocean , just to the west of Jimena , but it is weak and is not expected to do any damage , according to Brown . "  For the eastern Pacific , it has been about a near-normal season . It has gotten much busier here during the month of August , " Brown said . CNN 's John Lorinc contributed to this report .	NEW : Hurricane warning issued for the southern Baja California peninsula The Category 4 storm is centered off Cabo San Lucas , traveling northwest at 10 mph Jimena 's sustained winds near 155 mph , but forecasters expect it to pick up speed
CNN  -- In an age where many school children are ferried to school in their parents ' SUV , the idea of having to swim to school over open ocean or wade through muddy mangrove swamps to get to class might seem part of a cruel and long-forgotten past . But in some of the fishing communities near Zamboanga City in the Philippines , swimming half a mile of open water in school uniform while carrying school books tied up in plastic bags on their heads is still a daily reality . "  Their bags notebooks and papers always get soaked . If we forget to put their things in a plastic bag we have to hang their things out later to dry , " said Ruhayna Mawadi , the mother of one of the pupils at Talon Talon Elementary School . "  Many of the children do n't graduate and that 's very sad and hard for us -- we want them to graduate because it 's for their future . " When Filipino blogger Jay Jaboneta , co-founder of Yellow Boat of Hope , learned about the situation on the sidelines of a conference in the southern Philippines province of Mindanao in 2010 he was shocked . "  It really disturbed me when I heard about it , " said Jaboneta . "  Around Zamboanga they had to wade to school from their stilt houses where their parents are seaweed farmers . But when it was high tide , the water was six-feet high and they really had to swim . " He said further investigations revealed even worse conditions than these . "  There 's a community in Masbate that lives on a small island where the school is on a big island 300 meters away separated by water that is 30-feet deep . Seven kids had to swim this stretch of water twice a day . " Getting to school at another remote community near Zamboanga del Sur required a three-hour walk around the snake-infested shoreline of a lake , even though the school was just 15 minutes by boat . Often a family 's only boat would be out in open water fishing by 4am and still at sea at around 7am when the children began to go to school . "  We heard reports of some children in the past dying simply trying to get to school , " Jaboneta said . His foundation now provides boats -- painted yellow to mimic the color of Filipino school buses -- for some six communities where the children used to swim to school . In total , the organization provides educational help to some 30 remote communities isolated by the geography of the Philippines ; an archipelago of 7,107 islands . The foundation is not only an example of a group of concerned citizens coming together to make a difference , but shows the power of social media to effect change . Jaboneta said the project really sprang up out of one Facebook status he fired off after he heard about the situation at a bloggers ' summit in Mindanao almost four years ago . "  I had one friend who contacted me who wanted to give money and it just started to grow from that , " he said . Now the group focuses on a range of issues , from education and medical support to local ecology and sustainability . It has even branched out into other projects such as Adopt a Fisherman -- a scheme to build up the fishing fleet destroyed by Typhoon Bopha , the super typhoon that devastated Mindanao in 2012 . The school boat program in Masbate , in particular , has been a stand out success for the foundation , where enrollments jumped from the seven exhausted swimmers that used to arrive each morning to 150 pupils that come by boat every day . He said that that a lot of their funds are now earmarked for adding new classrooms onto the schools . "  This issue is really close to my heart because I was n't born to a rich or even middle class family -- I struggled when I was growing up -- so it really touched me to see how much these kids really wanted to go to school . " The Yellow Boat of Hope Foundation will soon be able to count a handful of college graduates among the alumni of its school boats program , showing the difference the addition of a simple wooden boat can make to the future of a whole community . "  In Zamboanga , we 've got eight students at the state university doing their best to finish college and they 'll be the first in their community to ever do that . " He said the project has been an education for many of his friends and colleagues who were raised in cities and communities where getting to school each day was taken for granted . "  Even if it took several hours by bus or even walking it is not as tough as these kids have it , " he said . "  We often hear of kids that skip school to go swimming but here we 've got kids swimming so that they can go to school . " Read more : Turning landfill scraps into chic Read more about CNN 's sponsorships policy	Children in remote villages in southern Philippines have to swim to school Families ca n't afford second boat to ferry children to class Foundation supported by social networks started called Yellow Boats of Hope School boats and more social initiatives have transformed the prospects of whole villages
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mountainous terrain and harsh weather in remote parts of Afghanistan have proven a deadly combination for the U.S. military in its push to reduce mounting violence in the country . CNN obtained this photo of a U.S. helicopter above Forward Operating Base Keating in the Nuristan province . On Saturday , Taliban militants attacked American and Afghan troops in the Nuristan province in eastern Afghanistan . Eight American troops and two members of the Afghan national security forces were killed , according to the Pentagon . It was the largest number of Americans killed by hostile action in a single day since July 13 , 2008 , when nine troops died , according to CNN records . The fighting was so fierce that at one point U.S. forces "  had to collapse in on themselves , " a U.S. military official with knowledge of the latest intelligence reports on the incident told CNN . These revelations about the battle that engulfed Forward Operating Base Keating are a further indication of how pinned down and outmanned the troops were . Watch more on the attack in rural Afghanistan " The base was scheduled to be closed in the next few days , CNN has learned . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top commander in Afghanistan , wanted to cede remote outposts and consolidate troops in more populated areas to better protect Afghan civilians . It 's a point he reiterated over the summer . "  Practically speaking , there are areas that are controlled by Taliban forces , " he told the Los Angeles Times in late July . Over time , McChrystal said , the command would "  reduce " those areas , but the first priority will be to make sure populated areas are free of insurgent influence . The deadly attack over the weekend and the July 2008 attack in Wanat , just 20 miles away , serve to underscore , some say , that the reduction is n't happening . View an interactive map of the two attacks " It 's an assessment that one veteran military observer discussed in a column earlier this year . "  Screwups are inevitable in war . But there are serious questions to be addressed , " Foreign Policy magazine 's Tom Ricks wrote in a January 2009 online article . "  As one Army source put it to me , ` The paratroopers sent to Wanat knew they were in big trouble . ... -LSB- The soldiers -RSB- ran out of water and had little material to build up their defensive positions , ' " Ricks wrote . Peter Bergen , a CNN terrorism analyst , called the repetition "  a huge problem . " "  It is suposed to be a lessons-learned exercise , " Bergen said . "  And then , exactly 20 miles away from the event about a year ago , exactly the same kind of attack happened . " In the Wanat fight , 49 U.S. troops were attacked by nearly 200 Taliban fighters , and the base was later abandoned . "  So , you have to ask yourself , what were the lessons learned ? Or were the lessons not implemented ? And these remote combat outposts , you know , are obviously sitting ducks , " Bergen said . The Nuristan and Wanat fights add to the growing list of problems facing the Obama administration . The White House is in the midst of a comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . McChrystal , who took over four months ago as the top U.S. commander in the country , has submitted an assessment in which , sources have told CNN , calls for additional forces to carry out a successful counterinsurgency strategy . But some in the administration , including Vice President Joe Biden , are advocating a counterterrorism strategy focusing on combating al Qaeda and the Taliban through the use of unmanned drones and special forces without involving additional troops . Watch more on the varying advice Obama is getting " Others believe that a broader counterinsurgency approach -- requiring a larger military operation in the country -- is needed . Several top military leaders and opposition Republicans are pressing Obama to act quickly to increase the present 68,000-troop level by as many as 40,000 . In March , Obama announced a plan to send more than 20,000 additional troops to the country to provide security for a national election . "  If we do n't add more troops , you 're going to see more of what happened yesterday , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  The security situation 's going to get worse . And any hope of better governance is lost , and the Taliban will re-emerge . " Despite criticism , Obama said Tuesday that U.S. efforts in Afghanistan have had a major impact . "  Al Qaeda and its allies have not only lost operational capacity , they 've lost legitimacy and credibility , " he said . "  We 're making real progress in our core mission : to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al Qaeda and other extremist networks around the world . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Monday that the Taliban currently has the momentum in the country . He warned that a Taliban takeover of the country would empower the al Qaeda terrorist network . Watch more of Gates ' remarks " "  Because of our inability and the inability , frankly , of our allies to put enough troops in Afghanistan , the Taliban do have the momentum right now , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour and former CNN Washington Bureau Chief Frank Sesno in a panel discussion that included Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Gates said an eventual Taliban victory would provide "  added space " for al Qaeda to set up in the country and enhance recruiting and fundraising , bolstered by the perception that , having driven out the Soviet Union in the 1980s , Muslim forces have won a second victory over a superpower . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Atia Abawi and journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	8 U.S. soldiers , two Afghan soldiers killed in attack in Nuristan province Source : Fighting so fierce that U.S. forces "  had to collapse in on themselves " Analyst says lessons have n't been learned in operating in rural Afghanistan
CNN  -- More than a month ago , the public health community celebrated the polio-free certification of Southeast Asia including India , viewed as a hopeful step toward global eradication . But the euphoria has waned as concerns grow the virus is making a comeback and re-appearing in countries that had previously eliminated the disease within their borders . Pakistan has seen major challenges in recent years , reporting 80 % of polio cases this year . The country faces challenges within its health system including restricted access to its federally administered tribal areas and violence against polio campaign health workers . Vaccine workers have been tortured , shot , bombed , and even have had their family members kidnapped . "  You have disruption of health services , vaccination services are broken where areas are no-go because there is mistrust and health teams are not allowed within the conflict area , " said Dr. Zulfiqar Bhutta , who is co-director of The Hospital for Sick Children in Canada and also works in Pakistan . "  In that particular circumstance , to imagine that business would be as usual is naÃ ¯ ve . " While Pakistan faces hurdles , India 's polio program has been lauded as a model for tackling polio . India 's program "  was largely internally funded , strongly managed , " said Bhutta . Once considered the hardest place to end polio , India boosted disease surveillance and immunization efforts to vaccinate hard-to-reach communities . To counter rumors and misgivings about the vaccine , social mobilizers , religious leaders and parents were included to increase understanding about immunizations . "  In Pakistan , that political will in terms of making this a national priority has n't existed , " Bhutta said . "  They have n't invested enough in routine immunizations , which are critical to eradicating polio . You 've got to get people aware of the importance of preventive strategies . " In 2014 , the World Health Organization confirmed 74 new cases of polio -- 59 of them were in Pakistan . Within Pakistan , 46 of these cases have been from its restive Federally Administered Tribal Areas , which is located along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border and retains internal autonomy . The country with the second highest number of polio cases is Afghanistan , which reported four cases . But all of these are related to viruses that originated from Pakistan , according to the WHO . Emergency measures recommended On Monday , the WHO recommended emergency measures for three of the countries deemed as the greatest risk for further exporting the virus -- Syria , Cameroon and Pakistan . The organization called for residents of these countries to get vaccinated and show proof of polio immunization before international travel . It also calls for the head of state to declare polio a national public health emergency . "  If the situation as of today and April 2014 went unchecked , it could result in failure to eradicate globally one of the world 's most serious vaccine preventable diseases , " said Dr. Bruce Aylward , assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration at the WHO . Pakistan has been establishing vaccination booths at its land borders with Afghanistan , China , India and also Iran , according to the WHO . Bhutta said he was n't surprised by the WHO 's move , but worried the recommendation was a "  Band-Aid measure " that 's "  not going get to the root of the problem . " This may divert the vaccines and human resources from Pakistan communities that need them the most , to the huge number of travelers , Bhutta said . "  I 'm concerned that will take away from the main polio control program and that 's the last thing anybody wanted . " Pakistan is considered the only country that is "  off track " in meeting its target to stop polio transmission , according to the WHO . Militants in Pakistan have targeted anti-polio campaigns since U.S. intelligence officials used a fake vaccination program to aid their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Since then , militant groups , with connections to the Pakistani Taliban , have been opposing polio vaccinations and accusing health workers of pursuing a political agenda . Dozens have been killed in acts of violence carried out against polio vaccine workers . Pakistan has tried to protect its health workers from violence . In Peshawar , authorities banned the riding of motorcycles during vaccine campaigns to prevent attacks , said Aylward . Polio , which can cause permanent paralysis in hours , has been reported in 10 countries : Afghanistan , Equatorial Guinea , Ethiopia , Iraq , Israel , Somalia , Nigeria , Pakistan , Cameroon and Syria .	India celebrated its polio-free certification in late March Its neighbor Pakistan grapples with polio efforts with several cases reported in 2014 World Health Organization recommends emergency measures in Pakistan Pakistan has public health challenges including tribal areas , threats to health workers
CNN  -- An operation to retrieve two Colombian hostages held by the FARC rebel group will resume Tuesday , the Red Cross said , but the government denied that it had authorized such a move . The conflicting reports come two days after an initial attempt to retrieve the hostages was foiled by inaccurate coordinates . Christophe Beney , the Red Cross representative for the operation , said that the release of police Maj. Guillermo Solorzano and Army Cpl. Salin Sanmiguel by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC will happen in the department of Cauca on Tuesday morning . But shortly after these comments were reported , the Colombian government said in a statement that "  it is not true that we have authorized the resumption of any operation for the liberation of the hostages . " The government was awaiting a debrief from the Red Cross before moving forward , the statement said . Solorzano , Sanmiguel , and police officer Carlos Ocampo were to be released by the FARC on Sunday , but only Ocampo was freed . Colombian authorities were upset at what they said were wrong coordinates given by the Marxist guerrilla group . "  Even though the government did its part , the FARC have committed an act that shocks us , " said Eduardo Pizarro , the government 's representative for the liberation operation . "  Today , the FARC gave us coordinates in the department of Tolima . The helicopters went to those areas , and it turns out that the hostages are n't in the department of Tolima , but in the department of Cauca . " He added that "  this behavior surprises , upsets and disturbs us very much . " In December , the FARC leftist guerrilla group pledged to release five hostages as a humanitarian gesture . Three of them were released last week , and two others had originally been scheduled to be released Sunday . However , former Sen. Piedad Cordoba , who helped to coordinate the humanitarian mission , later said that the rebel group would release three hostages Sunday . Some have suggested the hostage releases could fuel renewed negotiations between Colombia 's government and the rebels . One of the freed hostages called for dialogue between the government and insurgents . "  Humanitarian exchange is the first step toward a friendly understanding , which permits the return of our brothers deprived of their liberty , " politician Armando Acuna said after his release last week . But Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has sharply criticized the FARC , accusing the group of having a "  double standard " and creating an "  absurd media show " in order to draw sympathy to their cause . On Thursday , he said he was tempted to call off the rescue mission after learning that two workers from the Carton de Colombia company had been kidnapped in southwestern Colombia on Wednesday night . Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Red Cross says it is ready to resume a liberation operation , But the government says it has not signed off on such a move Two hostages who were to be released Sunday were not released The government was upset that it was given wrong coordinates
Atlanta  CNN  -- A winter storm spread snow across the Southeast and the Tennessee Valley for the second time in two weeks early Thursday , dumping more than 6 inches in parts of the region . The National Weather Service had warned that snow accumulation in some areas , combined with freezing temperatures , could lead to hazardous driving conditions . The system was dropping sleet and rain in addition to snow . By late Thursday morning , winter storm warnings and winter weather advisories that had been in effect in 10 states had largely expired , remaining in effect only in eastern North Carolina . Hard freeze warnings had stretched from Texas ' border with Mexico into Louisiana , Arkansas , Oklahoma and Mississippi . Even as those alerts expired , the Weather Service put new hard freeze warnings in place for Friday morning in central Mississippi , southeast Louisiana and southern Texas . The agency had warned that snow accumulation in some areas , combined with freezing temperatures , could lead to hazardous driving conditions late Wednesday and into Thursday morning . The system was dropping sleet and rain in addition to snow . "  I 've been here a long time and I 've never seen anything like it , " said Sharon Hickman , who manages Back Yard Burgers in Tupelo , Mississippi . Nearly a half foot of snow fell in Tupelo . Freezing temperatures Thursday morning made Hickman 's commute to work "  scary . " "  There was a lot of slipping and sliding and cars in ditches , " said Mischel Wright , who manages Log Cabin Family Restaurant in Rogers , Arkansas . "  My grandchildren love it . Me , there 's nothing I can do about it . It 's all God . You just have to deal with it . " In Atlanta , however , drivers were relieved to find the metropolitan area received only a dusting of snow and the roads were mostly clear Thursday morning as the temperature hovered around freezing . About a half-inch had fallen in the city , with up to an inch elsewhere and up to 2 inches in the northern part of the state . Accumulation was mainly restricted to grassy areas . Nearly the entire northern half of Alabama had received snow by 11 p.m. Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate WBRC . Snowfalls of at least an inch were reported , with the heaviest snowfall in west Alabama . Many offices and schools across the South delayed opening or were to remain closed Thursday . The weather system dumped significant levels of snow and ice on Missouri and Oklahoma , along with parts of Kentucky , Arkansas and the panhandle of Texas on Wednesday . In Arkansas , youngsters got a chance to work on their sledding skills Wednesday , because schools were closed in advance of the approaching system . The snow fell for nine hours in Hot Springs , according to CNN affiliate KATV . Some sections of the state got up to 2 feet of snow , the Weather Service said . Wright and her husband checked into a motel in Rogers before the storm so she could make it to work at the Log Cabin Family Restaurant . "  We ca n't go home because we ca n't navigate the hills , " Wright said Thursday morning . Neither could those customers who live too far away from the restaurant to walk . "  Yesterday afternoon we did have two or three families with kids that were going nuts , " Wright said . "  I do n't know what today 's going to be like . " In parts of Kansas and Kentucky , road crews hustled to clear snow from interstates and highways Wednesday . Snow fell furiously ; wind pushed it sideways and at times the sky took on the look of a white-out . This forced travelers to slow their pace to a crawl . Dangerous conditions near Newton , Kentucky , prevented vehicles from getting traction on hills and sent some sliding off roads and into gullies and ravines . Snow closed schools in parts of Missouri as well . About 2 inches of snow fell in Kansas City , Missouri , but it was enough to cause several accidents and cover roads in the southeast part of the state . Parts of Oklahoma received up to 12 inches of snow , according to the state Department of Emergency Management . The National Weather Service reported up to 2 feet of snow in remote areas . O.D. Powell , owner of OD 's Fastop in Claremont , Oklahoma , said Thursday the beer delivery truck is now 10 days behind schedule . "  I have a grocery delivery that comes out of Texas , " Powell said . "  The driver called yesterday from Oklahoma City and said he could n't make it As the snow fell in the heartland Wednesday , wind chills were 10 to 30 degrees below zero in some areas , and authorities urged people to stay off the roads . Not all travelers were able to heed that warning , and traffic inched slowly along icy interstates . The Oklahoma Highway Patrol worked in conjunction with the National Guard to rescue stranded motorists using heavy Humvees , according to CNN affiliate KOCO . Wind chills across the northern and central Plains were well below freezing early Thursday . At least two people were killed near Miami , Oklahoma , which is close to Oklahoma City . A truck plunged 80 feet off a bridge along Interstate 44 . Police told KOCO that the driver lost control on an icy bridge , flipped over the railing and landed upright on the riverbed below . At least five survivors were able to climb out of the sun roof and wait for rescue on top of the vehicle . Earlier , the Oklahoma State Department of Health said 80 people in Oklahoma had been injured as a result of the storm . That total included 63 falls , one carbon monoxide poisoning , 14 injuries in traffic accidents and two "  cut/pierce injuries . " Dallas-area volunteers for Meals on Wheels , an aid organization that delivers prepared food to housebound people , worked nonstop to get extra meals ready before snow and icy conditions closed roads , according to CNN affiliate KTVT . The weather system that closed Dallas last week left the group unable to reach its customers for four days . Tom Hauser , with the Collin County Committee on Aging , which runs the Meals on Wheels program , told KTVT Wednesday . "  We 've already delivered over 2,500 meals in the last two days that are nutritious meals . " The latest storm came barely a week after another record-setting weather system pummeled the Plains and Midwest . Last week 's historic storm left its mark on at least 30 states , dumping about 2 feet of snow on the Chicago area and prompting Oklahoma 's governor to declare a state of emergency . Another winter system at the end of the week left central and southern Texas a mess . Hundreds of flights were canceled as the winter weather threatened the plans of Super Bowl enthusiasts headed for the game last Sunday in Arlington , Texas , a suburb of Dallas .	Several inches of snow fall in some areas of the South Most warnings and advisories are canceled Up to 2 inches of snow coats northern Georgia Snowfall snarls travel in Oklahoma , Missouri , Arkansas and Texas
CNN  -- World No. 2 Novak Djokovic stumbled at the opening hurdle at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami , but Rafael Nadal and Andy Roddick cruised into the third round . Second seed Djokovic , who had a first-round bye , was surprisingly beaten 6-2 6-7  7-9  6-4 by Belgian Olivier Rochus on Friday . The world No. 59 could have won in straight sets after leveling at 6-6 in the tie-break , but held his nerve to break Djokovic in the final game of the decider to triumph . Serbian Djokovic , the 2007 champion , successfully defended his Dubai title last month but bowed out in the last-16 at Indian Wells two weeks ago . The reward for Rochus is a third-round clash with Brazilian 27th seed Tomaz Bellucci , who defeated American James Blake 3-6 6-1 6-2 . Nadal , the tournament 's last second seed to lose his opening match in 2006 , had no such problems this time as he beat another U.S. player , Taylor Dent , 6-4 6-3 . The Spanish fourth seed -- beaten in the semifinals at Indian Wells by Djokovic 's conqueror and eventual champion Ivan Ljubicic -- will next play Argentine wildcard David Nalbandian , who overcame Serbian 30th seed Viktor Troicki 6-3 4-6 6-4 . Sixth seed Roddick , last weekend 's losing finalist , gave home fans some cheer as he crushed Russia 's Igor Andreev 6-4 6-4 to set up a clash with Ukraine 's Sergiy Stakhovsky . Eight seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also progressed with a 6-4 6-3 win over Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez , and the Frenchman will next play German 28th seed Philip Kohlschreiber . World No. 1 Roger Federer begins his bid for a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament victory against Ecuador 's Nicolas Lapentti on Saturday , while third seed and defending champion Andy Murray takes on American Mardy Fish . In the women 's tournament , Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin made it a good day all-round for Belgium as the former world No. 1s progressed into the third round . Clijsters , the 14th seed but champion in Miami in 2005 , crushed 20-year-old Czech Petra Kvitova 6-1 6-1 to earn a third-round clash with Israel 's Shahar Peer . Henin , seeded 33rd after receiving a wildcard , beat Elena Dementieva for the second time in her comeback season , winning 6-3 6-2 against the Russian fifth seed . The Australian Open runner-up will next play Slovakian 26th seed Dominika Cibulkova . Second seed Caroline Wozniacki came from behind to defeat Bulgarian qualifier Tsvetana Pironkova 3-6 6-3 6-4 and set up a third-round tie with Russia 's Maria Kirilenko . The Dane had to come back from 3-1 down in the second set and 3-0 adrift in the decider . Fourth seed and defending champion Victoria Azarenka also progressed with Indian Wells winner and No. 7 Jelena Jankovic , No. 9 Samantha Stosur and Russia 's No. 11 Vera Zvonareva .	World No. 2 Novak Djokovic loses opening match at Sony Ericsson Open in Miami Serbian upset by Belgium 's Olivier Rochus , but Rafael Nadal and Andy Roddick go through Former No. 1s Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin cruise through in the women 's tournament Second seed Caroline Wozniacki comes from behind to seal third-round place
CNN  -- As Occupy Wall Street demonstrates its staying power , media increasingly portray it favorably . Because of its success , the movement is being asked to put forth a list of its demands . So far , members have said no . And well they should . The refusal of Occupy Wall Street to tie itself down with an agenda that can be debated piecemeal is one of its great strengths . The decision allows Occupy Wall Street to remain a cri de coeur for all who believe they have lost ground over the last decade . In choosing this strategy , Occupy Wall Street is doing more than defying expectations . It is linking itself with the best of 1960s America . Fifty years ago in his 1961 Inaugural Address , President John F. Kennedy declared that the torch had been passed to a new generation of Americans . A year later , in its Port Huron Statement of 1962 , the group Students for a Democratic Society  SDS  , took Kennedy 's generational declaration a step further , insisting that the time had come for America to make a new commitment to social justice . For SDS , an organization dominated by college and graduate students , participatory democracy was a version of Occupy Wall Street 's horizontal democracy , and to look back at SDS 's Port Huron Statement is to see why Occupy Wall Street activists should feel confident about the path they have chosen . The Port Huron Statement was often maddeningly vague . But like Occupy Wall Street 's chant , "  We are the 99 percent , " the Port Huron Statement left no doubt about the all-inclusive equality SDS sought . As Kirkpatrick Sale has written in his definitive history "  SDS : The Rise and Development of the Students for a Democratic Society , " the organization both captured and shaped the spirit of the new student mood . "  America rests in national stalemate " was the underlying premise of the Port Huron Statement . SDS believed the "  decline of utopia and hope " was the defining feature of the American political landscape in the early '60s , and its task was to search for "  truly democratic alternatives . " SDS members had , they believed , grown up when America was the wealthiest and strongest country in the world , and they saw themselves struggling with the complacency such power produced . SDS did not underestimate the difficulty of overcoming the problems it faced . At a time when the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was still years away and the fall of the Berlin Wall was impossible to imagine , SDS was concerned not only with the questions of economic equality but the entrenched racism of the South and the nuclear arms race . The organization conceded that much groundwork had to be laid if serious change was possible . "  The first task of any social movement is to convince people that the search for orienting theories and the creation of human values is complex but worthwhile , " the Port Huron Statement says . The group never said exactly how it would succeed at that task . But it was clear about what it wanted . "  We would replace power rooted in possession , privilege , or circumstance by power and uniqueness rooted in love , reflectiveness , reason , and creativity . " SDS was not bothered by criticism that such a declaration of principles was too idealistic . It faced its critics head on . "  If we appear to seek the unattainable , as it has been said , then let it be known that we do so to avoid the unimaginable , " the concluding lines of the Port Huron Statement declare . The organization 's faith in people , particularly those belonging to its college-age generation , was knowingly idealistic . At the core of the Port Huron Statement was SDS 's unapologetic insistence : "  We regard men as infinitely precious and possessed of unfilled capacities for reason , freedom , and love . " By the end of the 1960s , SDS was a spent force , but the values expressed in the Port Huron Statement had a life of their own . They were echoed in the civil rights movement as well as in the social programs of Lyndon B. Johnson 's Great Society , and they continued into the 1970s with the antiwar movement . It is too early to predict what will follow from Occupy Wall Street , but the example of SDS and its Port Huron Statement provides a basis for believing Occupy Wall Street rests on much more solid ground than its critics realize . As Occupy Wall Street 's General Assembly , its daily mass meeting open to everyone , shows , the movement is not about to be intimidated by the charge -- even when voiced by those on the left -- that it is too elusive and too egalitarian for its own good . Occupy Wall Street 's September 29 Declaration of Occupation lists a multitude of grievances , ranging from anger about illegal house foreclosures to outsourcing jobs , but the declaration never departs from its core article of faith and source of appeal . They are registered in its opening sentence , "  As we gather together in solidarity to express a feeling of mass injustice , we must not lose sight of what brought us together . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : Occupy Wall Street makes smart move by refusing to list demands Mills : In 1962 , Students for a Democratic Society 's Port Huron Statement did n't list demands Mills says the values outlined in that statement lived on long after SDS ended Occupy allows room for all who have lost ground to bring issues to light , he writes
CNN  -- This month , Road to Rio touches down in China . In their first stop , CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout and Stan Grant , and the Road to Rio ` Expert ' Jie Yu , meet in Hong Kong to explore a range of the city 's boldest carbon cutting initiatives . The dynamic journey features sustainable transport projects such as the Hong Kong Police 's fleet of electric scooters , clean fuel taxis , electric cars and solar ferries . The reporters visit the latest in green architecture - the solar glass of the Science Park and the Zero Carbon Building . They taste the delights of the Intercontinental cuisine - it 's ` carbon neutral menu ' and watch as the waste oil is collected to be converted into bio-fuel at a local power plant . One reporter heads to a glass recycling plant , while the other climbs to the sky gardens -- where urban farming is blossoming . In the evening , as the colors of the night start to light up on Tsim Sha Tsui , one scientist explains his low energy color LED invention which will be reducing Hong Kong 's light pollution . RICE Agriculture is the world 's second highest carbon culprit . Nitrogen fertilizers are responsible for over a third of the sector 's emissions , and plants are notoriously bad at absorbing nitrogen . Arcadia Group has developed a groundbreaking rice seed which incorporates the efficient nitrogen absorbing genes from wheat . China is the world 's largest producer of rice , so Stan Grant goes to visit the testing plantation in the fertile soil of Yinchuan . CARBON CAPTURE 70 % of China 's electricity is generated by coal and it 's no clean process . One company is pioneering a solution to the high carbon emissions : carbon capture . Shenhua Coal Factory in Ordos plant is is home to the world 's first operating carbon capture facility . CCS technology captures carbon dioxide produced during the coal combustion process and aims to store it underground indefinitely . Stan Grant explores the factory to find out how the technology works . BAODING Branded the world 's first carbon positive city , Baoding describes itself as a ` living showcase of environmental technology ' and is home to over 200 renewable energy producing companies . Jie Yu is this month 's Road to Rio ` expert ' -- born in Shanghai , she is Climate Change Policy Director at The Nature Conservancy , China . She takes CNN on a tour of the city , from factories creating wind turbines to the production lines churning out sheets of solar panels . Jie speaks to a WWF Project Manager in the carbon neutral Jinjiang International Hotel , about how this city could be a model for others in a rapidly urbanizing country . TOYS The ` Made in China ' label is ubiquitous . China produces some 70 % of the world 's toys , in factories located in the Guangdong province . The production lines are unrelenting , as are the carbon emissions . Kristie goes to visit one factory heading up an ambitious plan to cut the carbon at even the lowest level of operations . Tsuen Lee factory in Shenzhen are committed to a rigorous energy saving programme - a range of new and innovative low-tech solutions are ensuring that clean green toys will now circulate the playrooms of the world .	This month Road to Rio stops off in China to check out some green initiatives there The team discovers how new transport projects in Hong Kong are reducing carbon emissions They also visit the world 's first carbon positive city and see how China 's toy production is turning green
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dangerous cocktails of prescription drugs were pumped into Anna Nicole Smith "  almost to the point of stupefaction " and eventually led to her death , California Attorney General Jerry Brown said Friday . Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend Howard K. Stern was among those charged Thursday . Brown called Smith 's longtime partner and attorney Howard K. Stern the "  principal enabler " in a conspiracy with two doctors for giving the "  known addict " thousands of prescription pills . Stern and a doctor were jailed on charges of conspiring to furnish drugs before her death in 2007 , authorities said . "  Stern and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor were arrested and later released from a Los Angeles County jail Thursday night after each posted a $ 20,000 bond , a police spokesman said . Dr. Khristine Eroshevich also faces charges and is expected to turn herself in Monday , authorities said . The doctors and Stern devised a plan to use fake names so Smith could be prescribed "  thousands of pills , " Brown said . Her doctors knew she was addicted and gave her drugs "  excessively , " Brown said . "  The quantity of the drugs , the variety of the drugs , the combination at any given point and her continuing to use that ; that , to a professional , is clear evidence of addiction , " Brown said . "  These cocktails of methadone and antidepressants and sleeping pills and Xanax , you put all that into a cocktail , it explodes and can cause death , injury and permanent morbidity and disability , " he said . Watch Brown speak to the media " Brown said he hoped the charges send a loud and clear message . "  Doctors do not have a license to pump innocent and often vulnerable people full of dangerous chemicals , " he said . Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 , 2007 , after being found unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino near Hollywood , Florida . The former Playboy playmate and reality TV star died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs , a coroner said . Several prescription medications -- both in Smith 's and Stern 's names -- were found in the room after her death . Officials said prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith 's system , including three antidepressant or anti-anxiety drugs . Also found in toxicology testing was human growth hormone and chloral hydrate , a sleep medication , officials said . Stern and Kapoor , both 40 , and Eroshevich , 61 , each were charged with eight felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 to January 2007 -- only weeks before Smith 's death . Kapoor and Eroshevich also were each charged with obtaining a prescription for opiates by "  fraud , deceit or misrepresentation . " And each was charged with one count of obtaining a prescription for opiates by giving a false name or address , according to the Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office . Smith was buried in the Bahamas on March 2 , 2007 , next to the grave of her son , Daniel , who had died in September 2006 , days after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn . Brown said his office will aggressively target California doctors who over-prescribe dangerous drugs . "  People think those drug dealers on the street corners are the only threat , " he said . "  As a matter of fact , people in white smocks and pharmacies and with their medical degrees are a growing threat , and we aim to curtail it and curb it in the best way we can . "	NEW : Attorney General calls Howard K. Stern the "  principal enabler " in conspiracy Ex-playmate drugged "  almost to the point of stupefaction , " California AG says Howard K. Stern , Sandeep Kapoor , Khristine Eroshevich charged with eight felonies The three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before her death
CNN  -- A virus is forcing Cher to postpone the opening of the second leg of her "  Dressed to Kill " tour this week . "  Cher was diagnosed over the weekend with what doctors termed an ` acute viral infection ' and has been required to be on full bed rest for several days , " according to an announcement on the ticket sales website . Cher 's show Thursday in Albany , New York , and Saturday in Manchester , New Hampshire , have been rescheduled for October 6 and 7 , respectively , the site said . She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Monday night . Cher , 68 , launched her current tour in March , selling out all 49 shows in the first leg ending in July , according to Billboard magazine . Those shows grossed nearly $ 55 million from 610,000 fans . Another 30 shows across the United States are on the calendar over the next two months . The singer 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment on Cher 's illness . The next leg of her shows should really live up to the "  Dressed to Kill " billing as she adds new costumes designed by Bob Mackie . Cher does n't really think Sonny is burning in hell Cher on her new tour , ` sloppy ' Miley and leather jackets	Doctors ordered Cher to bed rest for an acute viral infection Cher 's next shows in Albany , New York , and Manchester , New Hampshire , are delayed She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Monday
CNN  -- With its approximately 480 million adherents , Latin America is home to an overwhelming plurality of the world 's Catholics . But no one from this region  or hemisphere , for that matter  has been ever been chosen to lead the church as pope . As the church 's cardinals gather in the Sistine Chapel to select a new pontiff , the idea of a Latin American pope rises again . There was talk of a Latin American pope in 2005 -- the last time there was a papal conclave -- but secrecy surrounding the process made it difficult to discern how seriously those candidacies were taken . Live blog : Picking a new pope Mike Allison , a political science professor at the University of Scranton who researched this question , said he believes there was really no serious candidate from Latin America at the time . This go-round is a different story , he says . A number of cardinals from the region have been suggested as pope candidates , according to Allison , and they include the Brazilians Odilo Pedro Scherer and Joao Braz de Aviz , Argentina 's Jorge Mario Bergoglio and Leonardo Sandri , and Honduran Oscar Andres Rodriguez Maradiaga . A look at papal contenders Brazil and Mexico have the two largest Catholic populations in the world , with more than 133 million and 96 million believers , respectively . However , those numbers have been on the decline , while Protestantism and evangelicalism are on the rise . "  I really think that in choosing someone from the global south , there is important symbolism , but also , their life histories are very different " from previous popes , Allison said . Cardinals from Latin America have seen the tremendous inequalities that exist in their countries firsthand , and many played a role in their nations ' transition to democracy , he said . "  It would be an enormous gesture to name a Latin American pope , " said Virginia Garrard-Burnett , a professor of history and religious studies at the University of Texas at Austin . Precisely because Catholicism is losing ground in the region , a pope from there could be a boost for the faith , she said . Scherer , the archbishop of Sao Paulo , is an especially intriguing possibility , as he is a Vatican insider and of German descent , which ties him to the traditional European papal picks , she said . Even though about 39 % of all Catholics live in Latin America , only 17 % of the cardinal electors hail from there , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . Selecting a pope Still , the cardinals listed above appear on many of the speculative lists of top contenders for the papacy . "  In terms of trying to prognosticate who the next pope will be , that is a hazardous enterprise , " said the Rev. John Ford , professor and coordinator of Hispanic/Latino Programs at the Catholic University of America . Still , he says , "  the choice of a pope from the Americas or Africa would be quite appropriate . " The fact that the last two popes , John Paul II and Benedict XVI , were not from Italy showed the "  internationalization " of the papacy , he said . A pick from the Western hemisphere would extend that reach , he said . As it is , a growing Hispanic population in the United States has led the church to put a greater emphasis on Latino populations , Ford said . "  The selection of a Latin American pope would be particularly welcomed by Latin Americans and Hispanics in the United States , " he said . Candidates from Latin America , however , are not free from criticism and face challenges . In the region , as elsewhere , sex scandals have rocked the church and raised questions about how the incidents were handled . There is also the lingering criticism that the church was too passive during the repressive dictatorships in the region . A look at some of the names suggested as papal candidates from Latin America : Odilo Pedro Scherer , Brazil : At 63 , he is one of the youngest candidates . Scherer , the archbishop of Sao Paulo , is known as warm , funny and gregarious . As one of the few cardinals who uses Twitter , he is seen as having a connection to young people , as well . He worked in the all-important Congregation of Bishops from 1994 to 2001 . "  So he 's both an outsider and an insider . That 's a pretty good position heading into this conclave , " CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said . Joao Braz de Aviz , Brazil : As a young priest , bullets riddled his chest and face as the young priest was caught in the crossfire of a robbery . He still carried bullet fragments . He entered the seminary at age 11 and rose up the ranks to become the archbishop of Brasilia . "  He is sweet and open and gentle , " Allen said . "  I think the big question mark about him is precisely because he 's such a nice guy : Does he really have the steel and the spine to be able to get his hands around the very complex bureaucracy of the Vatican . " Leonardo Sandri , Argentina : A veteran diplomat of the Vatican who has served in high-ranking posts , Sandri is considered serious but friendly . He became known as the "  voice of the pope " when he spoke for Pope John Paul II after the pope lost the ability to speak due to his health . Sandri was the one who announced the pope 's death to the world . Jorge Mario Bergoglio , Argentina : Until last year , Bergoglio was the archbishop of Buenos Aires before stepping down because of his age . He is 76 . Bergoglio is considered a straight-shooter who calls things as he sees them , and a follower of the church 's most conservative wing . He has clashed with the government of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner over his opposition to gay marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . Oscar Andres Rodriguez Maradiaga , Honduras : The Honduran was elevated to cardinal by Pope John Paul II , and his name had been suggested in 2005 as a possible successor to the papacy . He speaks eight languages , holds degrees in theology , clinical psychology and psychiatry , and is a pilot . He is 71 years old . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Jose Manuel Rodriguez and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	A number of Latin American cardinals have been suggested as pope candidates Observers say a pope from the Americas makes sense The largest percentage of Catholics live in Latin America
CNN  -- If you take Jeff Bezos ' word for it , Amazon 's new Kindle Fire HD is "  the best tablet at any price . " Bold claim . And it 's an obvious reaction to the reviews of last year 's first-generation Kindle Fire , which praised the $ 199 price but made it clear you 're getting the substandard tablet experience you just paid next to nothing for . This year , Amazon has a new Kindle Fire called the Kindle Fire HD that 's a noticeable improvement over the original . But is it the "  best tablet at any price " ? Nope . If you read the reviews , including mine , you 'll quickly learn Bezos seems to have adopted the "  reality distortion field " that Steve Jobs was famous for . Does that mean the Kindle Fire HD is horrible ? No . Not at all . In fact , it 's still a decent option if you do n't want to shell out $ 500 or more on an iPad . But how is Amazon able to make a good tablet at such a cheap price ? Simple . Like Amazon.com , the Kindle Fire HD is built to find ways to sell you more stuff . First , and most annoyingly of all , the Kindle Fire HD displays full-color ads on its lock screen . That means every time you switch the device on , you see an ad for stuff like a Kindle e-book , a movie download , music from Amazon 's MP3 store and the like . Amazon told me you 'll also see a lot of third-party ads for products outside Amazon 's ecosystem . The good news is , if the ads really bother you , you can pay $ 15 to Amazon after you purchase the device to remove them for good . But Amazon did n't stop with the ads . When you 're using the tablet , you 're constantly inundated with suggestions to check out more Amazon products . The most blatant example of this is on the Kindle Fire HD 's home screen . Whenever you hover over an app , movie , song or book , there 's a section at the bottom of the screen that suggests other apps , movies , songs or books that you might want to buy . Do you like playing Angry Birds ? Buy Cut the Rope ! Do you like listening to Nicki Minaj ? Check out Katy Perry 's latest album ! You get the idea . It 's nearly identical to the way Amazon 's website suggests items to you when you 're shopping around . These ads and suggested items are a clever way for Amazon to continue to drive value out of you months and months after you buy the Kindle Fire HD . And it 's completely antithetical to your typical tablet experience . Tablets are supposed to be computing devices , helping you browse the Web , check e-mail , manage your calendar and the like . Yes , they make it easy to buy new content , but on devices like the iPad and Google 's Nexus 7 , you 're not constantly pushed to do so . But Amazon does n't see it that way . It 's just another portal to get you to buy . When you buy a Kindle Fire HD , it does n't feel like your tablet . It feels like Amazon 's . Is this a dealbreaker ? No way . In fact , I imagine there are plenty of people out there who wo n't mind looking at ads and suggestions for stuff to buy if it means getting a decent tablet for less than $ 200 . But if I had a choice between a $ 199 tablet with ads and offers  like the Kindle Fire  and a $ 199 without ads and offers  like the Nexus 7  , I 'd go with the latter every time . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Kindle Fire HD is n't really "  best tablet at any price " but still decent option for the price Amazon offsets lower price by using the tablet to spur more sales Ads and suggestions are frequent when using the Fire HD It 's not a deal-breaker but could open the door for Google 's Nexus 7
CNN  -- If you read the headlines this week about the the death of Judge Robert Bork , you probably took away that he will be remembered for his conservative judicial philosophy and losing a very contentious Supreme Court confirmation battle . You probably did n't read about the impact he made on modern media , and maybe even on the debate the Internet had about Instagram this week . But that 's part of his legacy , too . Let 's connect the dots from Bork to Instagram , shall we ? 1 . The Bork Tapes President Ronald Reagan nominated Bork for the U.S. Supreme Court in 1987 . During his confirmation hearings , an enterprising reporter found a list of the movies he 'd rented at his local video rental store . You might imagine the reporter was looking for something among the rentals that could shed new light on the man . What turned up was a pretty ho-hum list of movies including lots and lots of Cary Grant and at least one middling Danny DeVito comedy .  The reporter 's own back story on what he was looking for in procuring that rental list is slightly more nuanced -- it 's a good read , which you can find here . 2 . The VPPA Perhaps the biggest controversy about Bork 's rental list was how deadly dull it was . But , who knows ? Maybe some of those lawmakers had something to hide ? Within a few short months of the hearings , the U.S. Congress passed the Video Privacy Protection Act -- VPPA for short -- a law that was written to keep video rental records private , but which still governs parts of our digital-media world . 3 . Class action catnip The crux of the law , and of the lawsuits that followed , is something called a "  private right of action " and a tidy penalty for violating it . The VPPA allows individuals whose viewing history was shared to sue for $ 2,500 a pop . That 's litigation catnip for class-action attorneys , who make a living collecting large groups of allegedly wronged people with something to gain from saying so . It was a clever way for lawmakers to ensure that people would abide by the law .  Now you really want to see those Congress-folks ' lists , right ? 4 . Goodbye , Beacon The VPPA was the law that was used to shut down Facebook 's controversial "  Beacon " program in 2009 . Beacon was a feature that powered messages in your news feed about your activities on other websites , a la "  Sean just bought a diamond ring on Overstock.com ! " Too bad it was an engagement ring , and Facebook spoiled the secret . Facebook relented after a class-action lawsuit involving exactly that kind of story -- a Facebook-foiled marriage proposal . The site first provided a way to opt out and eventually shut Beacon down altogether and coughed up a $ 9.5 million settlement . Beacon became a target because among the activities being shared was video viewing  in addition to diamond buying and lots of other things  . More recent VPPA suits involve Netflix , Best Buy and Redbox . 5 . Enter Netflix Since then , as social networks have exploded in popularity and social media sharing has become de rigueur , just about any of us could flip open Facebook and see a stream of all the music our friends are listening to right this second . But because of the VPPA , you could n't see the same thing for the movies they 're watching . Companies like Netflix have been pushing hard to change that . Telling your friends what you 're up to is , after all , the modern equivalent of word-of-mouth advertising . Netflix says its users want to be able to share which movies they 're watching online with their friends , and has lobbied Congress to amend the law . This week , the U.S. House of Representatives approved an amendment to the VPPA that would allow individuals to opt in to sharing their online viewing habits . The Senate recently passed something similar , and all signs point to a change in the weeks ahead . OK -- bear with me here . We 're almost to Instagram . 6 . Looooong privacy policies The amendment the House passed says explicitly that it is , indeed , possible to give your consent to share information about your video viewing via the Internet . Great . What it does n't necessarily make clear , though , is exactly how to do that , and how a company that is sharing your information can make certain that you understand what you are agreeing to . What that means in practical terms is that most terms of use for social and digital media services are very long and exhaustive . It 's in companies ' best interest to tell you everything they possibly can about what you 're consenting to , so they ca n't be penalized the way Facebook was in the Beacon debacle . 7 . The Instagram revolt Which is where Instagram comes in . The company announced Monday that it would be updating its terms of service to include new ways it could share and treat your personal information and content . Immediately , people began speculating about why Instagram might need these new disclosures , and what on earth it could be planning . Was it going to sell photos of your kids to advertisers , without even telling you about it ? Yikes . Founder Kevin Systrom responded to the frenzy by saying , "  We 've heard loud and clear that many users are confused and upset about what the changes mean , " and then tried to get more clear about what the legal documents mean . The language that most concerned users  apparently granting permission to sell images without notifying or paying the user  would be removed , he said . BONUS : What now ? OK , so what does this mean for us ? It looks as though the law may change , and soon enough you may be able to click a button and tell your friends what you 're watching on Netflix . But it also means that terms and privacy policies for digital services may get longer and even more complicated as a result . So read those terms , folks . Especially if you think you might get tapped for the Supreme Court .	Judge Robert Bork , who died this week , has unlikely connection to digital media After a reporter outed Bork 's video-rental history , Congress made doing so illegal That law shut down a Facebook sharing feature and helped prompt long terms-of-service An Instagram TOS update spurred this week 's user revolt
CNN  -- Police investigating the disappearance of Madeleine McCann are looking for a man who assaulted five other young British girls on vacation in Portugal , London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday . Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared while she was on vacation in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz with her family in June 2007 . Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide . Officers are investigating 12 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where the toddler vanished . The man , whom witnesses describe as being tanned with short , dark , unkempt hair , is suspected of breaking in to 12 vacation homes where British families were staying in the Algarve between 2004 and 2010 . In four of the incidents , girls between 7 and 10 years of age were sexually assaulted in their beds . On one of these occasions , he assaulted two girls in the same villa , police said . These attacks happened between 2004 and 2006 . "  Whilst not identical , there are many similar aspects to each of the incidents in that in most cases there were no signs of forced entry to the property , nothing was taken , and the intruder appeared in the early hours of the morning , " between 2 and 5 a.m. , police said in a statement "  The suspect may have been in the villa or looking round the villa for some time before committing the offenses or being disturbed either by a parent coming in , or the child waking up . He remained calm , even when disturbed . " Mystery Of the 12 offenses , there were four in Carvoeiro , six in the Vale da Parra , Praia da Gale district , and two in Praia da Luz . On two occasions , the noise of a bin collection lorry could be heard nearby . The man is said to have spoken in English with a foreign accent , and his voice was described as slow , or possibly slurred . "  These matters are very serious . It 's very important primarily for us to understand and identify who this offender is , " Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood said . "  Firstly , because clearly nobody has been prosecuted for these horrible offenses against these young people . And secondly , once we have identified this offender , we need to be able to prove or disprove whether these offenses and that offender is connected to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann . " Last October , new police sketches were released of potential suspects in the case , and UK police appeared in a television appeal for information . The program prompted a flurry of tips , and police in Portugal announced they would reopen the case . Since then , the Portuguese investigation has run in parallel with the British one . Detectives have previously said they were investigating a spike in break-ins in the area in the weeks before Madeleine disappeared , two of them in the same block where her family was staying . Mystery has surrounded Madeleine 's disappearance for the past six years . Neither her parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , nor the detectives investigating her case have given up on one day finding the little girl from Leicestershire , England . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Officers probing 12 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where Madeleine vanished Man is suspected of breaking into vacation homes where British families were staying Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared in a Portuguese resort town in 2007 Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide .
WASHINGTON  CNN  An overwhelming majority of football fans in New Jersey say Gov. Chris Christie 's affection for the Dallas Cowboys makes no difference in their opinion of him . According to a new Quinnipiac poll , 83 % say the Republican 's loyalty to the Cowboys does n't affect their view of Christie , while 13 % say they think less of him and three percent say it makes them view him in a more favorable light . RELATED : Walker , Christie trash talk ahead of NFL playoff game The governor 's NFL preference was back in the national spotlight after Cowboys ' owner Jerry Jones paid for Christie to attend the Cowboys vs. Lions game in Dallas earlier this month , and the two were seen celebrating in the owners box at the end of the game . "  Most New Jerseyans do n't much care , " said Quinnipiac University Poll Assistant Director Maurice Carroll in a release . "  Besides , most New Jerseyans are New York Giants or Philadelphia Eagles fans . The Cowboys are down in the single digits - with the Jets . " It 's been a well-documented fact in New Jersey that Christie supports Dallas . He first disclosed his fandom back in 2010 , his first year in office , to a local sports writer , and it became national news in 2013 after he was jeered by a bunch of elementary students for liking the Cowboys . Timeline : Chris Christie and Jerry Jones Given Christie 's White House aspirations and higher profile , however , Democrats were active this month in questioning Christie 's friendship with Jones , especially in light of a Port Authority contract that was awarded to a company owned by Jones in early 2013 . Christie has fiercely denied any wrongdoing or inappropriate dealings with Jones , arguing that they did n't become friends until after the contract . RELATED : Democrats mull ethics probe over Christie 's Cowboys hug Seven in 10 New Jerseyans say they think the controversy over Christie 's free Cowboys game is politically motivated , according to the poll , while 11 % say it 's a serious issue . And in the land of the Giants and Eagles , New Jersey is home to more Cowboys fans than you might think , at 8 % of the state 's football fans . Thirty-six percent support the Giants and 17 % back the Eagles . The poll was conducted January 15-19 with 1,406 New Jersey adults by telephone , with a sampling error of plus or minus 2.6 percentage points .	A new poll shows that 83 % of New Jersey football fans do n't care about Gov. Chris Christie 's NFL loyalty Christie 's love for the Cowboys saw renewed attention this month when owner Jerry Jones treated him to a free game
CNN  -- Even though she was 4 years old at the time , Deborah Gouin remembers it like it was yesterday . This plaque hangs in Buddy Holly 's high school , where iReporter Cliff Giles graduated a few years later . "  My mother would listen to this light brown Zenith radio every morning to see if the school was closed , " she said of her childhood in snowy Michigan . One morning , Gouin 's mother heard the news and notified her brother . "  She said , ` Kenny ! Buddy Holly died last night ! ' " Gouin asked her mother , "  Who 's Buddy Holly ? " Her mother explained that he sang "  Peggy Sue . " Gouin remembers her brother being saddened at the news . "  My brother was at the age where he was interested in rock 'n' roll music , and would play the new songs on his trumpet . " It was February 3 , 1959 , a day that would be immortalized more than a decade later in the Don McLean song "  American Pie " as "  the day the music died . " Holly , as well as fellow rock 'n' roll musicians Ritchie Valens and J.P. "  The Big Bopper " Richardson , lost their lives in a plane crash early that morning . It is often recognized as the end of an early era for rock 'n' roll music , and iReporters shared their thoughts on on that tragic day and what it meant . In Gouin 's case , she discovered Holly 's work later in life . She owns a five-volume set of his work . "  I 'm totally a huge fan of Buddy 's music , " she said . "  It was a huge loss . I think he would have had an even bigger influence on music if he had lived . " iReport.com : Gouin shares her memories of that day Beverly Cummins clearly remembers hearing about the tragedy as well . Her sister and cousin had spent the night at her house . "  My cousin had a crush on Ritchie Valens and played his 45 record ` Donna ' the night before , among others . " That morning , she heard her cousin screaming as a radio station delivered the news . "  I heard it for myself about an hour later , " she said . "  It was stunning , and I started crying because she was crying . Even though I was 7 , I knew what death meant . " Her cousin continually played records by Valens "  while young and old tried to absorb how a series of tragic circumstances could have taken these three so young and full of life and promise . " Cummins said her cousin had her friends over for a memorial sleepover . "  They even got the Ouija board out to see if they could contact them . It was quickly put away when it scared everybody enough . "  I can hardly conceive that 50 years have passed since this defining moment in my own little life . " iReport.com : How teens of the time paid tribute to the trio Cliff Giles attended Lubbock High School in Lubbock , Texas , the same school Holly had attended a few years earlier . He was eating at a nearby restaurant when he heard the news . "  I remember thinking that it was a shame his life and career ended so quickly , " he said . Giles never met Holly but became a fan of his music from listening to the radio at the time . "  Like most teenagers then , I liked his early , up-tempo music best , " he said . "  I remember kids complaining about how he had turned soft with the orchestra-backed album . " iReport.com : Concert re-creates final tour Giles , a pilot , said , "  It 's probably easier for me to imagine the panic that gripped the very young pilot as he came to realize that he had lost control of the airplane on that dark and stormy night , and how easily it can happen . " During the 40th reunion of his high school class , Giles toured the building where both he and Holly received their education . He says , "  I 'm proud of the photo that my son -- also a Buddy Holly fan -- made of me standing by a plaque commemorating Buddy 's homeroom . " iReport.com : Read more about Holly 's fellow alumnus Robert Graham grew up in his parents ' record shop in the 1950s and remembers listening to Buddy Holly 's music often . He said Holly "  wrote about what you were living at the time , what kids were going through , " and that 's why his death affected so many . He remembers his sisters , who were 11 and 13 at the time , crying upon hearing the news . iReport.com : Watch Graham remember early era of rock George Spink , a freshman at the University of California , Santa Barbara in 1959 , was listening to the radio as usual when the news was announced . "  We could n't believe it . It just seemed unreal , " he said . "  It was really sad to hear that three of them were killed at one time . Plus , these guys were only four or five years older than me . " Later that day , Spink saw his girlfriend . "  She was crying her eyes out because she was such a big fan of Buddy Holly . " iReport.com : College student talks about being named Peggy Sue Spink enjoyed the Big Bopper 's music , in particular . "  He had a good sense of humor ; he was fun to watch and did n't seem to take himself so seriously . " Spink remembers being first drawn to rock 'n' roll music around the time "  Blackboard Jungle " was released . The 1955 film included the song "  Rock Around the Clock " by Bill Haley & His Comets . "  That was big among my friends in high school , " Spink said . "  We really liked a lot of rock and roll , rhythm and blues especially . " As he was posting his iReport , Spink listened once again to some of the music of Holly , Valens and the Big Bopper and says it still holds up today . "  I have a lot of good memories of when rock 'n' roll first began , and they were a part of it . " iReport.com : "  The day what music died ? " Spink also recalls McLean 's 1971 song with the famous lyrics about "  the day the music died . " "  I thought that was going too far , music did n't die , " he says . "  Their music did n't die ; it has lived on for 50 years now . "	iReporters recall tragic death of three rock 'n' roll stars 50 years ago Beverly Cummins calls it a "  defining moment " in her life Cliff Giles attended the same high school as Buddy Holly Do you remember that day ? Share your memories in photos and video
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o can return to international action in September after the Cameroon Football Federation decided to reduce the four-time African player of the year 's 15-match suspension to eight months . The 30-year-old national captain , who has represented his country more than 100 times , was punished last month for his role in the team 's players refusing to play in a friendly against Algeria in November due to unpaid bonuses . But Friday 's meeting of the federation 's executive meeting ended with his ban being cut , while his vice-captain Enoh Eyong had a two-match suspension halved and defender Benoit Assou-Ekotto 's $ 2,000 fine for refusing national call-ups was waived . Cameroon had to pay Algeria 's FA $ 500,000 in compensation , but the subsequent punishment of the players attracted strong criticism and reports claimed that President Paul Biya intervened to have the rulings reconsidered . Eto'o is widely considered one of the greatest players Africa has produced , having had a distinguished career with European heavyweights Barcelona and Inter Milan before moving to Russia 's Anzhi Makhachkala in a big-money deal last year . The federation -- known as Fecafoot -- released a statement on Saturday describing him as "  a world famous athlete who has rendered outstanding services to the national team of Cameroon . " Eto'o will miss the two-legged 2013 African Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea Bissau on February 29 and June 15 , plus 2014 World Cup qualifiers against Democratic Republic of Congo on June 1 and Libya a week later . Cameroon 's Indomitable Lions failed to qualify for this year 's African Cup of Nations , which will start this month in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea .	Cameroon 's football federation reduces Samuel Eto'o 's suspension to eight months The national captain had been banned for 15 matches for his role in a player strike But now the 30-year-old will sit out four international games and can return in September Vice-captain Enoh Eyong had a two-match suspension halved by the federation
CNN  -- Glance at Floyd Mayweather 's complex life story and it 's hard not to be reminded of the lyrics to Sly and the Family Stone 's classic song : "  It 's a Family Affair " -- "  Blood 's thicker than the mud , it 's a family affair . " To start with there is the boxer 's relationship with his father , which has such a degree of bad blood that even psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud might have trouble exploring the demons that have been unleashed between father and son . In May , the pair were professionally reunited for the first time in 13 years as Floyd Sr. worked the corner during his son 's successful welterweight title defense against Robert Guerrero . The intervening years had been characterized by bitter rows and public slanging matches as the Mayweathers fell out to such extent that Floyd Sr. once told reporters he did not even know the names of two of his grandchildren . But as the man nicknamed "  Money " returned to the ring for the first time since serving a two-month jail term for a domestic violence conviction , he enlisted the help of his father . The official reason for his return two months ago was that the five-division world champion 's regular trainer -- Floyd Sr. 's brother Roger -- was too debilitated by diabetes to be relied upon . Mayweather Sr. had last taken charge of Floyd 's corner in 2000 prior to being booted out of his son 's house , and life , shortly after . Defensive nous A notable feature of Floyd Jr. 's unanimous points decision over Guerrero , the WBC 's interim champion while Mayweather was in prison , became the fact that he had tightened up his defense -- a product of his father 's work , the fighter says . "  My dad is a remarkable trainer , a defensive wizard , " the man with the 44-0 record told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  My dad brings everything . It all started with my father . What 's been installed in me from the beginning is the less you get hit , the longer you last in the sport . My father was right . " Floyd Sr. knows about the importance of avoiding major injury all too well . He has frequently recounted how he was shot in the leg by Tony Sinclair -- the later brother of Floyd Jr. 's mother -- in 1978 "  I got shot early in my career with a 20 gauge shotgun , " Floyd Sr. has said . "  And I was holding my son when I got shot . Floyd was one at the time . " Floyd Sr. was holding his son during the shooting incident to ensure he was not hit in the face or upper body - a move that he believes saved his life . "  I was n't going to put that baby down , " Floyd Sr. told the Los Angeles Times in 2012 . "  I did n't want to die . It was n't about putting my son in the line of fire . I knew -LSB- Sinclair -RSB- would n't shoot the baby . So he took the gun off my face , lowered it to my leg and bam ! " Floyd Jr. 's defensive skills are such that he has long been known as "  Pretty Boy " because of the fact he has boxed his many bouts so well his face has been largely unblemished . "  It was basically for not taking any punishment , " said Floyd Jr. "  You know , I ca n't be over the age of 30 calling myself ` Pretty Boy ' . I 'm a man . " His fight against Guerrero was the first of a six-part deal with Showtime , with every bout worth at least $ 32m to a sportsman named as the highest earner by Forbes magazine for 2012 . When he signed the 30-month deal in February , the 36-year-old Mayweather said it would be his last as a professional fighter and that he would be retiring when the contract ended . But he seems to have had a change of heart given comments he made on Monday while promoting his next fight -- against 22-year-old Mexican sensation Saul "  Canelo " Alvarez in September . "  After my five more fights , guess what ? I think after  getting to  49-0 we may stay in this sport a little longer , " Mayweather told a crowd some 5,000 strong at the Alamo in San Antonio . There has been speculation that Mayweather 's decision to recall his father reveals a desire to finally bury the hatchet , with the 60-year-old suffering from the lung disease sarcoidosis . When asked by CNN what he had learnt from his time in jail , a sentence earned after he assaulted his former partner Josie Harris -- the mother of two of his children -- in 2010 , Mayweather gave the following reply . "  Never take anything for granted . As far as ... you could see a person here today and gone tomorrow . So never take anything for granted , " he said . Family harmony Mayweather learnt his boxing skills from his father , a former fighter who was stopped by Sugar Ray Leonard in 10 rounds in 1978 , until Floyd Sr. was given a five-and-a-half-year jail term for drug trafficking when his son was 16 . It meant he was absent for the bronze medal his son won at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and the start of his professional career later that year . Floyd Sr. trained his son upon his release from prison in 1998 but the pair fell out soon after , with their last fight taking place in 2000 as the then junior lightweight champion defended his title . Floyd 's uncle Roger -- who won two titles himself in the 1990s -- took charge but there is little lost between the siblings , even if Floyd Jr may be trying to change this in what may prove to be his toughest fight so far . "  He figures he can  bring us together  by having us in the corner together , " Roger told MLive.com in April . "  That 's the only thing I can think of . All this time , Floyd 's been with me , the whole time he 's boxed . So for it to be something else , it 's something that he 's trying to mend . " And recent comments from Floyd Jr. do nothing to dispel the notion that a man whose career is built upon effective violence is trying to bring harmony to a warring boxing dynasty . "  The arguments we had in the past or the differences my dad and my uncle had in the pastâ $ " that 's the past , " Mayweather , who is often labeled the world 's best pound-to-pound boxer , said in May . "  That 's why we call it the past because we try to leave that in the past and focus on the future and the future should be bright . "	Floyd Mayweather credits father for his longevity in boxing Floyd Jr. says the key has been reducing the number of time he 's been hit Five-division world champion backtracks on previous retirement claim
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish police have arrested 750 people after a nationwide investigation into fake businesses , according to a statement Wednesday . The mass arrests were part of a crackdown on a scam through which $ 28 million of public funds were paid out for Social Security benefits , according to the police statement . Police targeted fake companies operating in tourism , construction , industrial cleaning and package delivery , and made the arrests over recent months . "  Among those arrested are 30 managers of the fake companies who , without any real business activity , registered people for Social Security to illicitly obtain benefits , or to obtain residency or working permits for foreign citizens , " the police statement said . A total of 8,400 people were registered on Social Security rolls as part of the scam , and in 2,100 cases , they received some form of government payout . In addition , 362 foreigners were able to get working or residency papers in Spain through the fraud , the police said . The investigation uncovered 4,000 crimes of document and other fraud linked to the payments from public funds . More than half of the 750 arrests were made in Madrid and Barcelona , but there were also dozens of arrests each in the cities of Almeria , Alicante , Jaen , Granada , Valencia and Guadalajara . The operation , which the police said was the largest to date , represents about half the arrests made in the past year to crackdown on such fraud . Police say it has cost the state a total of $ 64 million . The police statement did not detail how they would recover the money or revoke fraudulent working papers . The Labor Ministry press office said the 8,400 people falsely added to social security rolls were recorded as part of the government 's employment statistics . But they are likely to have had little impact on the real statistics , which show 5.9 million Spaniards out of work and the unemployment rate at 25.9 % .	Spanish police have arrested 750 people after a nationwide investigation into fake businesses The crackdown comes as part of a year-long probe into benefit fraud , which has cost $ 64 million Policy say investigation uncovered 4,000 crimes of document and other fraud of public funds
CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan 's father jumped from a third-floor balcony Thursday to try to escape re-arrest , police said , but officers soon caught up with him and took him into custody -- again . Officers detained Michael Lohan after his girlfriend , Kate Major , said he violated terms of his release from jail earlier this week by calling her , the Tampa Police Department said in a statement . Investigators arrested Lohan on suspicion of domestic violence after an incident on Monday night , but they let him out of jail after he posted bail . Just after 1 a.m. Thursday , Lohan 's girlfriend called police to say Lohan had violated the terms of his release by calling her , the police statement said . Lohan called his girlfriend again while she was talking with police , and she put him on speakerphone , it said . After prosecutors authorized Lohan 's re-arrest , officers went to a hotel , the Tahitian Inn , where he was staying . "  Upon seeing officers , he jumped out of a third-story balcony in an attempt to escape arrest , " the police statement said . Officers took him into custody after a short chase and discovered after taking him to jail that he may have broken his foot , police said . Doctors were evaluating him . Lohan is not expected to be released from Tampa General Hospital Thursday and has been admitted for overnight observation , said Tampa police spokeswoman Andrea Davis . Police responded to a domestic violence call at Michael Lohan 's home Monday and arrested him for the battery of his live-in girlfriend , police said . Lohan told reporters Wednesday he "  did n't lay a hand " on his girlfriend . "  I did not hurt her , " he said . Lohan also said he never was served with a restraining order to stay away from the woman . According to CNN Tampa affiliate WFTS , a Sarasota County judge issued a temporary restraining order Tuesday . Lohan , 51 , was arrested in Los Angeles in March in connection with alleged domestic violence and was charged with one misdemeanor count of corporal injury to a cohabitant . The relationship between Lohan and his daughter has been publicly strained for years , although the two did undergo family counseling together during her treatment at the Betty Ford Center . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Lohan has been admitted for overnight hospital observation , police said Officers say they caught him after a short chase Lohan may have broken his foot and is being evaluated by doctors Michael Lohan jumped off a third-floor balcony to escape arrest , police said
CNN  -- "  Married ... with Children " may have ended in 1997 , but that does n't mean we 've seen the last of the Bundys . As originally reported by E! , there 's a chance that the comedy could return to TV in a new form . Sony Pictures Television , the studio behind the original series , is said to be shopping a pitch for a spinoff series centered on David Faustino 's girl-crazy Bud Bundy . There 's no word yet on the plot of the pitch , or if it will be greenlit by the studio . One popular theory is that the show could follow a grown-up Bud as he deals with a family of his own . It also is n't known if any other characters from the original series would be part of the spinoff , or if any of the original cast members are attached . Faustino , at least , does n't seem opposed to the idea . When he shared news of the pitch on Facebook Thursday , he added in the caption , "  Would be nice , would n't it ? " "  Married ... with Children " premiered in 1987 and went on to have 11 seasons , becoming the first prime-time series to air on Fox and one of the network 's first breakout hits . At 259 episodes , it remains the longest running live-action sitcom on the network . The show 's stars have mostly gone on to major projects since the series aired its finale in 1997 . Ed O'Neill is one of the stars of the Emmy-winning "  Modern Family , " which begins its sixth season September 24 . Katey Sagal has gone on to lead roles in TV hits such as "  Futurama " and "  8 Simple Rules , " and currently stars in the FX drama "  Sons Of Anarchy , " which kicked off its seventh and final season earlier this month , to record ratings . Christina Applegate has taken prominent parts in comedies such as "  Up All Night " and "  Samantha Who ? " as well as scene-stealing performances in the two "  Anchorman " films . The entire cast recently reunited for Sagal 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star ceremony . "  Married ... with Children " is just the latest '90s series that could have a revival . "  Girl Meets World , " the "  Boy Meets World " spinoff , has been a success for the Disney Channel and recently got picked up for a second season . And last month , TV Guide reported that a "  Full House " reboot is in the works with some of the original actors reprising their roles . Reps for Sony Pictures Television would not comment on the reports .	Reports indicate that there 's a spinoff pitch for "  Married ... with Children " The pitch reportedly would center on David Faustino 's Bud Bundy If a spinoff materializes , it would be another hit '90s show to be revived
CNN  -- There are many strange jobs in Hollywood . Seat filler at awards show . Producer on "  COPS " who blurs all of the naked bodies . Co-star on "  Anger Management . " Here 's another : Person in charge of the subtitles for TLC 's reality sensation "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo "  Wednesdays , 9 p.m.  . Imagine trying to decipher everything that comes out of the mouths of seven-year-old beauty pageant contestant Alana Thompson and the rest of her fast-drawling , "  Guess Whose Breath " - playing family from McIntyre , Georgia . We asked Sara Reddy -- the fearless Honey Boo Boo exec producer who counts this task as one of her responsibilities -- to take us into her strange world of TV transcription . Why does the executive producer supervise the subtitles ? Does she have a special skill set ? Not exactly . Reddy was raised in Southern California , not the South . But she did develop a special ear for the family 's peculiar enunciations while working on "  Toddlers & Tiaras , " the show on which Alana was discovered . "  Most people think of Southern accents as having this drawl that 's really slow and deliberate , but with this family it 's the opposite , " says Reddy . "  They talk incredibly fast and they just skip over consonants and entire syllables . I do n't know if it 's the region they are from or just the family . " And for some reason , she 's the one on staff who can best decode their language . "  I do n't know why I have this gift , but I understand them perfectly , and I do n't think they need to be subtitled . It astonishes me when people are like , ` What is she saying ? ' I 'm like , ` You ca n't hear that ? It 's perfectly clear to me ! ' " How do the show 's producers decide what to subtitle  which seems to be pretty much everything  ? "  We have so many subtitles , it 's like we 're making a foreign film in English , " she declares with some amount of pride . Occasionally during the notes process , a network executive will ask for an onscreen translation of a hard-to-decipher line . But here 's the true test : "  If the -LSB- family is -RSB- delivering information you need to follow the story line , we subtitle it , " she explains . "  Sometimes we subtitle things that we do n't understand and put in the noises . They 're not even words . We take it seriously and make sure we 're phonetically accurate . " Reality TV 's most appalling shows  so far What goes into the subtitling process ? The subtitles require 15 to 20 staff hours of labor per episode , estimates Reddy . They are typed in and checked for accuracy ; as many as ten co-workers might weigh in on a difficult line . Lip-reading is also key . "  Sometimes , it will come down to looking at the upper teeth meeting the lower lip and you know it 's an f or a b , and that could be a starting point . "  Another trick is to isolate a family member 's microphone on high-quality speakers during the audio mix session .  The show 's online editor keeps a collection of Post-it notes with spellings of the family 's made-up words , such as "  smexy " and "  s ` mage . " Reddy recalls a particularly healthy discussion over how to spell Sugar Bear 's nickname Shugie . "  Normally you would n't have to think of that , " she says . "  But when we went to subtitle it , it became this big debate . Because s-u-g-e-y looks like "  soogie . " It became this thing : ` How do we spell it ? Two g 's ? One g ? Do we spell it phonetically ? Do we spell it with an S and an H ? " Is n't it condescending to subtitle people speaking English ? Or Pumpkin saying "  marannaise " instead of "  mayonnaise " ? Reddy insists that 's not the intention . "  They make up so many interesting words and mispronounce things in pretty genius ways , and I do n't want to correct them . Especially if it 's a delightful mistake , " she says . "  Also , it tests your eye if what you 're reading does n't match what you 're hearing . If we put ` mayonnaise ' as it 's spelled , your brain has a little stutter . We try to put little quirks in the subtitles because that 's part of what makes them so charming . The way they handle the English language is so fascinating . If  the family members  were sensitive about it , that would be different . But part of what makes this show magical to me is that this family embraces their flaws . Find anyone on the planet who knows how to pronounce everything . To me , it 's relatable . " In addition , she says that viewers may be leaning on the subtitles more than they think . "  When people say it 's condescending , it 's because they 're reading the subtitles so they understand everything . If we showed it without subtitles they 'd be complaining they could n't understand enough . So it 's taken for granted . We give them the answers . " Which family member is the toughest to translate ? Reddy does n't even pause to think before answering . It 's Mama Bear . "  I 'm fluent in June-ese , " she says . "  That 's the hardest dialect . She talks so fast . It 's just this rapid fire of syllables . She does these amazing combinations of words like ` beautimous . ' ` Vajiggle jaggle ' is this kind of onomatopoetic word . It 's brilliant . In early edits of the show , ` vajiggle ' was spelled ` vagiggle ' which looked like ` va-giggle . ' We had to change it to a j. I was an English major and I sometimes do n't know if it 's an advantage or a disadvantage . " The 15 worst TV spin-offs Who 's the runner-up ? Sugar Bear claims that honor . "  He has more of a slow drawl -- like most people think of the Southern drawl -- but he mumbles so much that you do n't hear a lot of consonants , " she notes . "  It 's an entirely different challenge . " And the easiest ? It 's that voluble little star , Alana , a.k.a. Honey Boo Boo "  She does n't talk as fast as the older girls and her mom , and she also has this very deliberate delivery that she was just born with , and she sells every line that she says , " says Reddy . "  But she 's young still and she 'll probably be talking really fast by the time she 's a teenager and will be just as difficult as the rest of them . " How often is Reddy stumped while trying to figure out what June & Co. are saying ? Only on the rarest of occasions . She recalls a line in a season 1 episode that tormented her : "  Pumpkin was saying , ` Why do we have all this toilet paper ? ' And June turned to Pumpkin and said , ` To wipe your ... ' Something . I could not understand for the life of me . It sounded like ` tootay ' and I wrote down so many words . I wrote ` tube tape , ' ` toot take . ' I listened to it a thousand times and I finally just put in the subtitle ` tootay . ' I was making up a word as a placeholder . And I actually sent the clip to June and said , ` What are you saying here ? ' And she wrote back , ` Yeah , I think I was saying ` tootay . ' And I was like , ` What is that ? ' , and she said ' I do n't know , I just made it up as a word for her butt . ' I had spent hours listening and trying to figure out what combination of words would have those syllables that matched this context , and sure enough it was just some word she 'd made up on the spot . I think that was a pretty big moment of realizing , ` Oh , she makes up words . There are going to be times when there is n't an answer . ' " Did the producers ever tell the family to speak more clearly ? A few feeble and futile attempts were made in the beginning . "  And then we realized what makes them so great and so great for TV is just letting them be themselves , " says Reddy . "  If they were to become self-conscious about trying to speak differently than they just naturally speak , it would absolutely ruin the magic of the show . It 's the same thing with trying to get them to speak one at a time . It would be a losing battle . It 's so much better to just embrace them for exactly who they are and let them be themselves and subtitle it , so the rest of the world can enjoy them and understand them . " Any subtitle spoilers for this season ? "  We do have a scene coming up in one of our later episodes that could quite possibly break the world record for the most subtitles ever appearing in a short amount of time , " teases Reddy . "  It 'll break the record for the world 's fastest subtitles . There might not be a record that 's ever been established but we 'll break it anyway . " Has Reddy ever considered subtitling the family 's pet animals ? "  We toyed with the idea of giving the chicken , Nugget , some thoughts when he clucks , " says Reddy . "  We were thinking about subtitling what he thought of the family . But we decided we were taking too many liberties with Nugget 's inner world ... . We thought about -LSB- subtitling -RSB- Kaitlyn , the baby , and what her thoughts could be . But we want this to be a real world . What makes the show awesome is that it 's so real . It still is my dream to subtitle Nugget someday . " And what would Nugget say ? " ` Save me . ' " See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Executive producer explains how to subtitle ` Honey Boo Boo ' Honey Boo Boo is easiest to subtitle ; Mama June the hardest Producer considered subtitling babies and pets
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- European football 's governing body took a tough line against soccer-related disorder Wednesday , as it imposed a penalty on Russia for "  improper conduct " by its fans at the Euro 2012 tournament . The ruling by UEFA relates to the opening game of the tournament in Wroclaw , Poland , on Friday . Its officials are still considering what action to take over allegations of racist abuse by Russian fans at the same game , and violence before and after a Euro 2012 game in Warsaw on Tuesday . Police detained 184 people after clashes broke out in the Polish capital before and after the Poland-Russia game , which ended in a 1-1 draw . Interior Minister Jacek Cichocki told reporters that more arrests could come . "  Police officers continue to watch recordings from CCTV and police cameras to identify other hooligans who disturbed public order , " he said . The suspended six-point deduction imposed on Russia by UEFA will apply to the qualifying campaign for the Euro 2016 tournament , rather than the current one . Russia 's national football body was also fined 120,000 euros  $ 150,000  , UEFA said . It has three days to appeal the decision . The penalty is in response to "  crowd disturbances , the setting off and throwing of fireworks and the display of illicit banners , " UEFA said . "  The ruling does not take into account the alleged racist abuse of Czech defender Theodor Gebre Selassie by Russia fans during the same game or incidents of crowd violence before the game against Poland on Monday . Both incidents are currently being investigated by UEFA and could result in further penalties being handed out . " Russian football expert James Appell told CNN the penalty showed UEFA was taking Russian fans ' behavior "  very , very seriously . " UEFA earlier condemned what it called "  isolated incidents " before and after Tuesday 's game in Warsaw "  when some groups of known troublemakers pelted the police with missiles and attacked fans irrespective of the team they were supporting . " The body said its focus was to ensure that genuine football fans were able to enjoy the games peacefully , while isolating the handful who wanted to cause trouble . It is determined that the "  overwhelmingly peaceful and festive atmosphere " that has so far prevailed will continue through the final on July 1 , it said Wednesday . Cichocki said Tuesday 's violence had been the biggest public order challenge so far of the tournament -- which Poland is co-hosting with Ukraine -- but he praised police efforts . Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk dismissed those who tried to disrupt the match as "  fools , " according to public broadcaster Polish Radio 's press agency . Law enforcement officials will be ruthless in suppressing the kind of "  limited " trouble seen so far , he is quoted as saying . Joanna Mucha , Poland 's sports minister , told reporters she was appalled by the violence in Warsaw . "  I feel ashamed for those who came not to enjoy sport , but to cause trouble , " she said . "  They are hooligans , they are n't even fans -- certainly not fans wanting to support Poland . They will face charges and we will not let them ruin this celebration for us . " Russian supporters had organized a march through Warsaw before the match Tuesday evening to mark Russia 's June 12 national day . The disorder broke out as about 5,000 Russian fans reached Warsaw 's Poniatowski Bridge , on their way to the National Stadium , the Interior Ministry said in a statement , with "  hooligans " from both sides seeking to start a fight . More than 5,600 police officers were on duty in Warsaw , and riot police took "  decisive " action to stop the violence from escalating , it said . Ten police officers were injured in the violence and received medical treatment . The 184 suspects detained include more than 150 Poles , more than 20 Russians , a Hungarian , a Spaniard and a citizen of Algeria , the statement said . Some of those arrested had dangerous objects with them , including brass knuckles and clubs , as well as mouth guards . Those responsible for violence can expect swift justice , the Interior Ministry statement said . "  The hooligans will be sentenced by the end of the week . In the case of foreigners involved in the incidents , speeded-up penal proceedings will be instituted , " it said . Those from outside the European Union 's Schengen passport-free area will be deported and will receive a ban on entry to the European Union , the statement said . Their visas will also be withdrawn . Polish journalist Michal Pol , who was there when the clashes on the bridge broke out , told CNN that the Russian supporters had been moving peacefully toward the stadium when "  very aggressive Polish hooligans " provoked them . Then , out of the middle of the Russian fans , came a number of "  hooded and very well trained young guys who knew exactly who they wanted to fight " among the Poles , he said . Russian media focused on the role of Polish fans and police in their reports Wednesday . A headline on state news agency Itar-Tass reads , "  Russian Football Union hopes Polish police will defend guests . " The president of the Russian Football Union , Sergei Fursenko , is quoted as saying that "  well-trained groups attacked the Russian fans , " who he says were behaving perfectly correctly and should have been protected by Polish authorities . However , Appell , the football analyst , said Russia has a poor track record when it comes to soccer-related violence . Questions should be asked about why 5,000 of its fans were allowed to march through Warsaw in what could be considered a provocative act , given the long and troubled history between Russia and Poland , he said . However , when Russia hosts the 2018 World Cup , it is likely to organize it to a "  micro level , " he said , in order to avoid similar issues with fan violence . Russian state-run broadcaster RT reported that Polish police fired warning shots and used water cannons and tear gas as they sought to break up the clashes in Warsaw . Mikolaj Piotrowski , director of communications for Poland 2012 , told CNN he felt "  anger and shame " that a small group of "  hooligans " were trying to spoil the tournament for Poland 's 37 million citizens and their visitors . "  I was really , really angry but we must be aware of the scale -- almost 200 persons were taken under custody by Polish police and at the same time , almost 200,000 people were having fun here in Warsaw , " he said . He defended the policing of the game , saying officers did a good job in closing down the disorder when it kicked off , and said Poland would continue its "  zero tolerance " policy on fan violence through Euro 2012 and beyond . Everyone is determined there will be no repeat of the violence seen Tuesday , he said . Authorities stress that the vast majority of football fans in Ukraine and Poland have supported their sides peacefully . In the course of Tuesday , about 150,000 fans visited the Warsaw "  fan zone , " an area away from the stadium where games are shown on big screens for those without tickets , Poland 's Interior Ministry said . Tens of thousands of more fans watched the Greece-Czech Republic game , played in Wroclaw , from that city 's stadium and fan zone , it said . Altogether , more than a million supporters have flocked to stadiums and fan zones in Poland since Euro 2012 kicked off Friday , it said . However , Russian officials had already called for better behavior from the country 's supporters after the unrest during Friday 's opening 4-1 win against the Czech Republic team . "  Those who choose the sports arena for the declaration of their personal political and other positions have no place in the stands , " read a statement on the Russian Football Union 's website Monday . "  The Russian Football Union and the national team of Russia kindly request all the fans of these provocative actions to confront bullies and to cooperate fully with the organizers of the match in matters of security . "  We appeal to all fans who are in Poland . Remember that you represent your country . Respect yourself , your home and your team . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Harry Reekie , Laura Smith-Spark , Stephanie Halasz and Pedro Pinto contributed to this report .	NEW : Poland 's sports minister says the violence appalls her , but it wo n't spoil the event UEFA imposes a suspended penalty on Russia over disorder by its fans Friday More than 150 Poles and more than 20 Russians are among 184 people detained by police Poland is co-hosting the Euro 2012 soccer tournament with Ukraine
CNN  -- There are few people who can say their job saved them , but former gang member Rafael Jimenez says he 's one of them . "  If I was n't working here I 'd be on the streets looking for problems or , even worse , selling drugs , " Jimenez told CNN en Español . "  Working here saved my life , " said Jimenez , dressed in his blue uniform and cooking cap . The 44-year-old works as a baker at Homeboy Bakery , part of Homeboy Industries in East Los Angeles , the largest gang rehabilitation program in the country . The program was founded in 1992 by Father Greg Boyle , who has counseled and mentored thousands of gang members . This month marks Jimenez 's one-year anniversary of getting off of drugs and out of the 4th Street Flats gang in East L.A. . The youngest of six siblings , he says he joined the gang at age 11 and spent the next 30 years selling drugs , in and out of jail and gang banging . It was n't until he started thinking about what his son 's future would look like that he decided to leave the gang life . "  I knew if I kept going at it , I would be dead or in jail . I ca n't believe I wasted all that time , " Jimenez said . "  And , now I 'm baking pastries with rivals that I would 've never spoken to just last year . " Homeboy Industries ' program has been so successful that other gang rehabilitation programs around the country are now looking to them as a model . Boyle hopes to soon launch National Homeboy Network , a yearly conference that would connect programs around the world to share best practices and explore what works for different communities . "  About 46 programs , in different degrees of progress , have come to us for technical assistance , or we have gone to them to help them set up , " Boyle told CNN . "  And that 's when I thought , what if we were to start a network to help even more people ? " Known as the "  gang capital " of the nation , Los Angeles has more than 450 active gangs with a combined membership of 45,000 people , according to the LAPD . Few organizations have lasted as long as Homeboy Industries , said Nane Alejandrez , director of Santa Cruz Barrios Unidos , a nonprofit organization helping former prisoners and gang members integrate back into society . Over the years , Alejandrez has partnered and worked closely with Homeboy Industries and Boyle . Alejandrez returned from the Vietnam War to find his neighborhood facing its own street war . He founded Barrios Unidos in 1977 to help struggling youth reclaim and restore their lives by providing them with life-enhancing alternatives . "  When you meet someone like Father Greg , a man of the church , you 're able to sit one on one with him and share that pain with him , it makes you see that we all make mistakes and we can change , " Alejandrez sabid . According to the study from the University of California Los Angeles , six out of 10 gang members who go to Homeboy Industries are able to integrate back into society successfully and stay away from violence and gang-related activity . "  Homeboys Industries has been so helpful and supportive , " said Jimenez . "  If you want to change , this is the place to start . " Ex-gang member Mario Lundes , weary of being in and out of jail , decided to make a positive change and seek out a regular job . But extensive tattoo removal from his forehead , cheeks and neck -- a service Homeboy Industries offers -- would be a vital part of the process . "  I have so many tattoos on my face and hands , I can see why people do n't want to give me a chance , " Lundes said in an interview with CNN en Español . "  Looking like this , they 'll think I 'm going to steal their money or things like that . " Homeboy Industries has helped thousands of high-risk youths with a variety of free programs : mental health counseling , GED classes , job training and legal services . The program 's motto : "  Nothing stops a bullet like a job . " Boyle says one of the key components of Homeboy Industries is compassion . "  What if we were to invest in gang members , rather than just seek to incarcerate our way out of this problem ? " Boyle wrote in his book , "  Tattoos on the Heart : the Power of Boundless Compassion . " Besides Homeboy Bakery , other small businesses that serve as a transitional employers for those ready to leave the gang life include Homegirl Café & Catering , Homeboy Silkscreen & Embroidery , and the Homeboy Cafe & Bakery in the American Airlines terminal at Los Angeles International Airport . Gang membership in L.A. is still going up , said civil rights attorney and gang prevention expert Connie Rice , but many gang members also want out , and Boyle 's connection to the Catholic Church has made an impact among Latinos . "  Latino gangs are very different from African-American gangs in that if you are allowed to leave it 's only if you are going to go with God , " she said . "  The influence of the Catholic Church in the Latino culture is so powerful . " Fabián Debora , who started out as a baker at Homeboy Bakery after leaving an East L.A. gang , is now lead substance-abuse counselor for Homeboy Industries . He said most gang members "  really want to have a life that is better and more stable , but they just do n't know how to get out of the gang life . " "  But when a person has a reason to wake up in the morning and come to work ... . they 're already on a path for change , " said Debora , who went through the program six years ago . Debora , who 's also a painter , has been commissioned to do his first solo mural -- at Dolores Mission Elementary School in Los Angeles . He spoke of his turbulent past without any hesitation . "  I had to go through two suicide attempts and rehab before I rediscovered my higher power , my God , to believe that I do belong in this world , " Debora said to CNN . Debora says it 's hopelessness and a broken spirit that leads a person to join a gang . "  When you 're poor and have nothing , and see how gang life is full of girls , money -- and you 're surrounded by others who you can relate to , with their fathers and mothers in jail or on drugs , the gang life can be tempting . " There are times when Jimenez runs into former "  homies , " and while they exchange pleasantries , he does everything he can to avoid contact because he 's worried it might set him back . So , now he lives far away from his old neighborhood with his older sister . "  It feels good coming back from a long day at work and just staying home , " Jimenez said , "  And , when I 'm not at the bakery , I 'm playing with my son , memorizing recipes , studying for my GED , reading , and I even go to my sister 's church on Sundays . Things are better . "	Homeboy Industries helps gang members get off the streets Father Greg Boyle , the founder , has counseled thousands of gang members Program provides jobs for people who want to turn their lives around Homeboy Industries also provides services such as tattoo removal
Washington  CNN  -- In what amounted to political theater rather than legislative action , the Senate on Wednesday rejected a House budget plan that included a controversial provision to overhaul Medicare and also unanimously voted down President Barack Obama 's 2012 budget proposal . The House budget measure had been expected to fail in the Senate due to overwhelming opposition by majority Democrats , plus wavering support for its Medicare overhaul among Republicans . The Senate GOP has recognized the provision 's unpopularity with senior citizens enrolled in the government-run health insurance program . Senate Democrats forced Wednesday 's vote in order to make Senate Republicans go on record in support of the Medicare overhaul . The final vote on the proposal originated by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , was 57-40 , mostly along party lines . Republicans who joined the majority Democrats in opposing the measure were Scott Brown of Massachusetts , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , Rand Paul of Kentucky , and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine . Three senators did n't vote -- Republicans Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas and Pat Roberts of Kansas , and Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York . In a later retaliatory vote forced by Republicans , the Senate achieved rare bipartisan unanimity in rejecting Obama 's budget plan on a 97-0 vote . The defeat was expected . Democrats joined Republicans in opposing the plan to signal they wanted a stronger deficit reduction proposal than what the president offered . The Senate then defeated two other Republican budget plans offered by conservative newcomers Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Paul . Ryan 's plan , which won approval in the House due to strong Republican support , drew the most attention of the proposals defeated Wednesday because of its provision to rework Medicare starting in 2022 . On Tuesday , Democrats won a special election for a U.S. House seat from upstate New York formerly considered safe Republican territory , and the Republican Medicare plan was the central issue of the campaign . Under the Ryan proposal , the government would no longer directly pay health care bills for senior citizens in the program , starting in 2022 . Instead , recipients would choose a plan from a list of private providers , which the federal government would subsidize . People now 55 or older would not be affected by the changes . The budget proposal also would slash non-military discretionary spending and reform Medicaid , the government-run health insurance program for the poor and disabled . Republicans call Ryan 's proposal a courageous attempt to address runaway spending that must be corralled to bring down rising deficits and a ballooning national debt . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus blasted Democrats for stopping "  at nothing to preserve the status quo in Washington , which is propelling our country towards bankruptcy . " Priebus ' remarks reflected the fact that the question of how to tackle the growth of hugely popular entitlement programs -- including Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security -- has now become one of the central battlegrounds in the national political arena . Democrats , however , contend Republicans seek to reduce deficits on the backs of the elderly and the poor by essentially ending Medicare as it now operates . They note the Medicare overhaul will cost senior citizens an average of roughly $ 6,000 more per year for health care . "  The Republican plan would kill Medicare , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Wednesday . Democrats pointed to the New York special election results on Tuesday as evidence that the American people , especially senior citizens , do n't agree with the Republican approach . In the election , Kathy Hochul , the Democratic clerk of Erie County , swept to victory in the race to fill the U.S. House seat previously held by Republican Chris Lee in a district controlled by the GOP for more than four decades . During Hochul 's victory speech Tuesday night , jubilant supporters repeatedly chanted "  Medicare ! Medicare ! " Hochul pledged to help balance the budget "  the right way , not on backs of our seniors . " Throughout the campaign , Hochul highlighted the national fight , telling CNN that her Republican opponent , Jane Corwin , had "  100 % embraced " the plan . Corwin called Hochul 's message "  scare tactics , " and had argued that Hochul was "  trying to put out the idea that I 'm trying to end Medicare . " "  There 's nothing further from the truth , " Corwin insisted . "  I 'm working to protect Medicare . " Moments after Hochul 's victory was announced , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the newly installed head of the Democratic National Committee , declared that the outcome of the race proves "  Republicans and independent voters , along with Democrats , will reject extreme policies . " On Wednesday morning , Guy Cecil , executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , released a statement arguing that the results "  provide clear evidence that Senate Democrats will be able to play offense in Senate races across the country by remaining focused on the Republican effort to end Medicare . " For their part , Republican leaders minimized the importance of the race . Among other things , they pointed to the presence of a conservative third-party candidate in the race whose support apparently exceeded Hochul 's margin of victory . Republican Sen. John Thune of South Dakota said his party has to promote its budget policies and the Medicare overhaul proposal instead of voting for it and then absorbing Democratic attacks . "  The talking point is there was a third-party candidate who drew 12 % and spent $ 2 million , " Thune said of the New York race , adding that supporters of the Ryan plan in the House and Senate now "  need to get out there and aggressively get on offense and explain it to the American people . " To Thune , the Republicans made a courageous vote and now Democrats are "  starting to lob grenades at us and everybody 's starting to duck and run for cover . " "  I do n't think that 's the way you engage in a fight , " Thune said . "  We have to get out there and fight . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said the real problem is that Democrats have failed to propose or pass a budget proposal for last year or this one . "  This is a complete and total abdication of their responsibilities , " McConnell said . To hit back at Democrats , McConnell forced votes Wednesday on the other three budget measures , including Obama 's 2012 budget proposal . McConnell sought to force Democrats to publicly oppose Obama 's plan and to also reject other Republican proposals in order to portray them as obstructing any progress on cutting deficits . In a bit of political irony , GOP leaders last year repeatedly attacked the health care reform law pushed through by Democrats , arguing that it would weaken Medicare . Republican congressional candidates crushed their Democratic counterparts among voters age 65 and older in the November congressional elections , carrying seniors by a 21-point margin . Whether Republicans can now successfully defend Ryan 's plan , which is a virtual litmus test for their conservative base , without scaring older voters remains to be seen . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , now a presidential candidate , was recently excoriated by conservative activists for calling Ryan 's plan a form of objectionable "  right-wing social engineering . " Gingrich has since backed away from his remarks and expressed support for the proposal . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this story .	NEW : President Obama 's 2012 budget proposal is defeated on a 97-0 vote Five Republicans join Democrats in voting down the Medicare overhaul plan Democrats force the vote to record Republican support The Medicare overhaul is opposed by many senior citizens
CNN  -- Explorer Dennis Schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near Greenland . Fishermen pass by Greenland 's Ilulissat fjord in this September 2004 picture . Such a discovery would usually elicit curiosity , even wonder perhaps , but it evoked mixed feelings for the explorer . The island was once thought to be a peninsula attached to Greenland by an ice shelf or a glacier . But such a large amount of ice melted , it revealed the distinct island . "  I very quickly realized two things , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper during a visit to the island earlier this year . "  One -LSB- was -RSB- that this was going to be significant because it was going to be an example of climate change . " "  The other thing was that it meant it was really happening . It was n't a joke . It was n't just statistics . It was really happening . " He calls his discovery Warming Island . Many climatologists and scientists say arctic ice melt and other changes in the Earth 's climate are the result of an increase in the world 's temperature , a trend widely called global warming . Many global warming experts say the phenomenon , if unchecked , is capable of altering the world 's climate and geography . In the worst-case scenario , experts say oceans could rise to overwhelming and catastrophic levels , flooding cities and altering seashores . Other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life . Most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring across the globe and through some layers of the atmosphere . But why it is occurring and what that means for the future is scientifically and politically contentious . The Earth 's temperature averages about 60 degrees Fahrenheit  about 16 degrees Celsius  . The average surface temperature has warmed one degree Fahrenheit  0.6 degrees Celsius  during the last century , according to the National Research Council . The temperatures were relatively unchanged from 1880 to 1910 , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . They rose till about 1945 , cooled until about 1975 and have risen steadily to present day . There are several possible reasons for the warming , scientists say . A change in the Earth 's orbit or the intensity of the sun 's radiation could change , triggering warming or cooling . The reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , commonly referred to as the IPCC . The presence of methane is now 151 percent above pre-industrial levels , but the rate of increase has slowed in recent decades , according to the EPA . Meanwhile , nitrous oxide increased by about 18 percent during the past 200 years . Many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities , like the burning of fossil fuels , emissions from vehicles and the clearing of forests . "  For the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , " Stephen Schneider , a professor of environmental studies at Stanford University in California , said . "  A vast bulk of the knowledgeable and honest community ... will say the science is settled and humans are at least a majority of the reason behind the warming , " he added . Many scientific organizations share Schneider 's view , ranging from the national academies of the countries that comprise the G8 to the National Research Council , the American Meteorological Society and the American Geophysical Union . But there are those who do not share his view , and among the skeptics is Richard Lindzen , a professor of atmospheric sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  We 've suddenly taken to reading tea leaves , " he said . "  When we saw cooling from 1940 to 1970 , we were proclaiming global cooling . Since then , there 's been a few tenths of global warming , so we 're proclaiming global warming . " He believes the current warming trend is the result of natural variability , where a planet goes through phases of warming and cooling and the human contribution to it is minimal . "  The Earth is always getting colder and warmer , " he said . "  It 's always changing . In fact , this is true of any fluid-covered planet . " Asked about glacial melt , which many observers point to as evidence of global warming , Lindzen said the way glaciers change and move are phenomena largely unexplained . "  We do n't know why , but it 's perfectly clear that glaciers change even though the temperature is cooling at the place that they 've occurred , " he said . "  What we 're doing is cherry picking any event that occurs and then saying that 's occurring due to global warming . " Yet , for Schneider , it is a cause for concern and alarm . "  We 're already in serious melt , nobody can explain it . The models do n't predict it , " he said . "  We do n't know what 's going on up there . All we know is that we could be triggering something really nasty . " The greatest point of contention is the possible implications for future political and economic policies for the world 's nations . The IPCC in February 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit  2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius  by 2100 . The lower end of the range could cause more intense hurricanes , droughts , wildfires and flooding , Schneider said . The higher end could lead to the catastrophes commonly associated with the visions of Hollywood filmmakers . Uncertainties , however , plague such forecasts , which are based on computer simulations and models . The models contemplate factors associated with how the atmosphere , oceans and continents interact , all natural elements that have unpredictability intrinsic to them . "  Exactly how much it 's going to warm up , we do n't know , " Schneider said . "  That it 's going to warm up ? I 'd bet anything on that . " E-mail to a friend	Earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years Majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise Some critics say planets often in periods of warming or cooling
It lived about 100 million years ago , weighed four tons and likely was at the very top of its prehistoric food chain . Researchers from Chicago 's Field Museum , the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences and North Carolina State University announced Friday the discovery of Siats meekerorum , a dinosaur that stretched more than 30 feet long , in eastern Utah . Given its size and other characteristics , they believe this creature ruled its ecosystem in the middle of the Cretaceous , a period known as the last in the so-called "  Age of Dinosaurs . " It 's not known if Siats meekerorum existed alongside Tyrannosaurus rex ; fossils found from the same patch of Utah 's Cedar Mountain Formation shows it did share the land with tyrannosaurs . But relatively speaking , these tyrannosaurs were much smaller  and below the 7 or so tons of later T. Rexes  and definitely down on the predatory food chain . "  At least 98 million years ago , we know that  tyrannosaurs  were small and somebody else was top dog in the neighborhood , " said Peter Makovicky , The Field Museum 's dinosaur curator . "  Siats meekerorum  is a large dinosaur , " he adds . "  And we have no evidence -- nor do the teams that worked in this area prior to us -- of anything bigger . " Its size and appearance alone are reason enough to excite paleontologists . But there are a few other facts that make this find noteworthy , said Makovicky . One is that Siats meekerorum helps to fill in a roughly 30-million-year gap in the geologic record in North America , a period for which relatively little is known about dinosaurs on the continent . Another : Its closest carchardontosaurian  the family it hails from  kin hailed from elsewhere in the world , suggesting there was more movement and dispersion of dinosaurs at a time the continents had largely already drifted apart than had been thought . "  Until 10 years ago , we thought this was a time period when North American dinosaurs were isolated , " Makovicky said . "  The evidence is growing that was not actually the case . Dinosaurs were quite good at spreading around the world . " Name means ` cannibalistic monster ' Desert heat of 110 degrees Fahrenheit -- so hot that Makovicky 's dog burned his paws -- is bad enough . But for a paleontologist , working in this oven all summer without any big finds ? That 's definitely a lot worse . But with a few days in the 2008 field season , Lindsay Zanno from the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences spotting something she and her colleagues , including Makovicky , found curious . The group returned the next year , opening up a bigger area , but still had more work to do once the season ended . Finally , with the help of a jackhammer , they finished unearthing their discovery in 2010 , according to Makovicky . He said , initially , these experts would have speculated the new creature was related to T. rex or Ankylosaurus , both of which roamed what is now North America . South Carolina team finds new hammerhead shark species The more they dug , literally and figuratively , the paleontologists realized the species belonged to the carchardontosaurian family , with relatives like the giant Giganotosaurus , a carnivore that dates to the Late Cretaceous period and has been found in Argentina . The name for the new dinosaur , Siats meekerorum , refers to a cannibalistic monster in mythology of Utes , a Native American people who lived where it was found . "  This dinosaur was a colossal predator second only to the great T. rex and perhaps Acrocanthosaurus in the North American fossil record , " said Zanno , the lead author of the study in Nature Communications announcing the discovery , in a press release . New legless lizards found in California And it has n't been an isolated breakthrough . Makovicky notes that , since Siats meekerorum , their crews found two other dinosaur species nearby from the same period that likewise are related to others from different continents . Zanno expects more such fresh insights in the years to come . "  Siats is just the tip of the iceberg , " she said . "  Our teams are unearthing a lost dinosaurian ecosystem right here in the badlands of North America . " Rare ` Asian unicorn ' caught on camera	Paleontologists say they found a new dinosaur species , Siats meekerorum , in Utah At more than 30 feet long and over 4 tons , it was a dominant carnivore predator It predates T. rex , filling a hole in the geologic record from 100 million years ago Its closet kin were in other continents , indicating dinosaurs spread widely
CNN  -- The state of Florida on Saturday filed a lawsuit against BP and Halliburton over the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill . The suit argues that Florida is entitled to the revenues it lost because of the spill . These include a long list of lost taxes -- sales , corporate , cigarette , liquor -- and other forms of revenue for the state , such as rental car surcharges . See more on CNN 's Powering the Planet Florida is also seeking punitive damages for the "  misconduct that led to this environmental and economic disaster , " according to a statement from the state attorney general 's office . State Attorney General Pam Bondi filed the lawsuit on the third anniversary of the oil spill .	The state of Florida filed lawsuit against BP and Halliburton Suit : Florida is entitled to revenue lost because of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill The lawsuit was filed on the third anniversary of the oil spill
CNN  -- He racked up two within the space of a month in 2008 , but six years on Padraig Harrington will once again find himself watching a major from afar . The two-time British Open winner 's frustrating 2014 continued Monday after he failed to qualify for the U.S. Open for the first time in 15 years . Harrington was unable to advance from the 36-hole qualifying event at Walton Heath 's New Course , falling six strokes short after recording rounds of 75 and 71 . The disappointment follows on from the 42-year-old 's failure to qualify for the Masters for the first time in 14 years last month , with his five-year qualifying exemption from his 2008 U.S. PGA Championship win having expired . "  The damage was done in the morning with that 75 , " Harrington told the PGA Tour 's official website . Harrington felt his unfamiliarity with the New Course played a part in his downfall . " -LSB- I -RSB- just made a few mistakes in not knowing the golf course and I was never comfortable with the pace of the greens , as there was a number of three-putts thrown in there , " he added . Harrington 's recent setbacks are all the more remarkable given that in 2008 he secured his second British Open title , before adding a maiden U.S.PGA Championship just a month later . The Irishman 's form has suffered a dramatic decline in recent years and he is still searching for a first win on the European Tour or PGA Tour since claiming the U.S. PGA Championship . Harrington , who revealed that he had undergone skin cancer treatment in February , has slipped to 214th in the world rankings . The six-time Ryder Cup player is now set to take a week 's break before returning to the PGA Tour for the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis , which takes place from June 5-8 . Harrington 's compatriot Shane Lowry , meanwhile , built on his second-placed finish at the European PGA Championship Sunday to finish top at Walton Heath . Lowry , who missed out to Rory McIlroy by a shot at Wentworth , carded rounds of 69 and 67 to secure his spot at the U.S. Open . It is the second time in five attempts that the 26-year-old has been successful at Walton Heath in qualifying for the tournament . "  It was really tough out there . I played okay and putted really , really well . I holed a lot of six to eight footers for par and carried a lot of momentum in from yesterday to get the job done , " he told the European Tour 's official website . "  I was three under this morning and this afternoon chipped in for eagle to get to five , so that got me going . "  I just tried to play steady from there and not lose my head . It was tough last week and then 36 holes in this weather was very tough . I 'm looking forward to my bed tonight . " Meanwhile , two-time major winner Jose Maria Olazabal missed out on qualification after finishing alongside Harrington at two over . The 114th U.S. Open takes place from June 12-15 at Pinehurst Resort and Country Club .	Padraig Harrington fails to qualify for next month 's U.S. Open The Irishman shot rounds of 75 and 71 at Walton Heath It is the second major of 2014 Harrington has failed to qualify for
CNN Student News  -- October 7 , 2014 A recent survey found that most U.S. nurses do n't think their hospitals are prepared for potential Ebola patients . We 'll take you inside a facility that says it is . Three Nobel Prize winners are announced , a new memorial opens for disabled veterans , and the "  Internet of things " brings both convenience and concerns . It 's all featured this Tuesday on CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Since the deadly shootings last Friday at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown , Connecticut , family and friends of the victims have gathered to remember and bury loved ones . At 9:30 a.m. , the time the shootings started , people all over the United States and the world paused to honor the six educators and 20 children who were killed at the school . Moment of silence On Tuesday , Gov. Dannel Malloy declared that Friday would be a day of mourning in Connecticut . He also was among the first to call for a moment of silence in his state , and he called on other governors to do the same . After a news conference , state leaders across the country followed suit , including Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado . In many states , flags are flying at half-staff , and government activity came to a stop to honor the moment . The New York Stock Exchange also started the day of trading by holding a moment of silence , marked by a single bell at 9:30 a.m. . The standard opening bell followed one minute later at 9:31 a.m. Online solidarity Citizens also are taking it upon themselves to remember the tragedy . The social media savvy took to Twitter , Facebook and other platforms , using #momentforsandyhook to spread the word about the one-week tribute . Some sites have gone a step further by holding a minute-long blackout on their pages . The campaign , called Web Goes Silent , provided a code that allowed websites to automatically go dark at 9:30 a.m. , Friday , with a green ribbon in the foreground to mark the occasion . Video game cease-fire The gaming community is showing their support for the people of Newtown by putting down their controllers for the day . GamerFitNation called on gamers online to not play violent games for 24 hours starting at midnight . Instead , gamers participating are posting #OSCEASEFIRE on social media or their video game 's online comment window to show solidarity . Community solidarity Towns and communities around the country are planning smaller tributes to stand with Newtown one week later . Many churches and places of worship rang bells 26 times at 9:30 a.m. , once for each of the victims . One church in Newtown rang its bells 28 times , to include the victims , the shooter and his mother , Nancy Lanza . Others planned to release 26 green and white balloons , the colors of Sandy Hook Elementary School . Many have written the names of the victims and attached messages to the balloons . Support for the families of Sandy Hook Elementary and the Newtown community will continue to pour in even after the one-week commemoration . To see how you can keep helping , visit Impact Your World .	Friday , December 21 , marks one week since the Sandy Hook shooting Many will pause at 9:30 a.m. when the shooting began Moments of silence , website blackouts and other tributes are planned
Editor 's note : upwave is Turner Broadcasting 's new lifestyle brand designed to entertain the health into you ! Visit upwave.com for more information and follow upwave on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram @upwaveofficial . upwave.com  -- Even if you 're one of the many people who believe that exposing yourself to day-to-day germs is healthy for your immune system , it 's still wise to take steps to protect yourself from the most infectious germs in your home . "  Bugs like Escherichia coli  E.coli  , salmonella and campylobacter can make you pretty sick or even kill you , " says Douglas Powell , professor of diagnostic medicine and pathobiology at Kansas State University in Manhattan , Kansas , and author of Barfblog.com . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that seven pathogens cause about 90 % of these illnesses , hospitalizations and deaths . Scientists dub them "  food-borne illnesses " because they 're microbes that invade your body through the gastrointestinal tract .  Considering that we put our hands to our faces anywhere from 18 to 40 times per hour , is it any surprise that our mouths are the primary point of entry ? You 'll recognize the poisoning by the fever , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea that results . Luckily , it is n't too hard to eliminate the dangerous microbes you may unknowingly drag into your home . "  Chlorine bleach is your friend , " says Powell , referring to one of the most effective toxin-destroying products around . upwave : Is hand sanitizer toxic ? Rooting out the microbes ' whereabouts , on the other hand , can be trickier . Read on , and you 'll learn how to eliminate from your home the microbes and toxins that could affect your family 's health . Good : Rearrange your fridge to reduce your risk You do n't have to travel to Latin America to experience a case of Montezuma 's Revenge . Each year , one in six Americans contracts food poisoning right here on U.S. soil , according to the CDC . In fact , a mere trip to your refrigerator could put you at risk . "  The raw meat you bring home from the grocery store has bacteria that can result in diarrheal disease , " says Dr. Rose Devasia , assistant professor at University of Louisville School of Public Health And Information Sciences in Louisville , Kentucky . A recent report from the Center for Science in the Public Interest listed ground beef , chicken , turkey and steak as the most susceptible to disease . Devasia recommends double-bagging the meats or placing them on the bottom shelf of your refrigerator on a plate , away from the likes of the apples , strawberries or celery you 'll eat cold . "  You 'll go on to cook your meat to kill these microbes , " she says , "  but you do n't want that slimy liquid from the package to spill onto the fruits and vegetables you eat raw . " upwave : Old-school cleaning with kitchen faves Better : Place toothbrushes far away from the john You would n't lick your toilet on purpose . Yet leaving a damp , exposed toothbrush within three feet of the loo is n't much better . "  Studies have shown that bacteria in the toilet can disperse in the air after flushing it , " says Devasia . "  Toilet water -- along with whatever you 've deposited in it -- gets aerosolized and lands onto what 's nearby , like a toothbrush or hand towel . " A recent University of Manchester study found that the average toothbrush contained about 10 million germs , including E. coli and staphylococci . An easy fix : Put the lid down on the toilet before you yank the lever to dispose of the contents . Adds Devasia : "  We all know the bathroom is not the cleanest place , so wash your hands to avoid getting yourself sick . " Soaping up at the sink can reduce your chance of getting ill by 30 % . upwave : Make your morning routine less crazy Best : Leave your shoes at the front door Sleeping with the enemy may only be a closet door away . If you walk through your house with your shoes on , you may be dragging in all kinds of nasty germs and chemicals from the great outdoors . The bottoms of your shoes spread many unhealthy agents , from pollen and pesticides on the lawn to salmonella in bird poop . In fact , as many as nine different kinds of pathogens can thrive on shoes , according to a University of Arizona study . Microbes can survive and even multiply because of nutrient-rich soil and other deposits left on the soles . "  In my house , we take our shoes off when we enter , " says Devasia . "  Why drag in a bunch of dirt and dust ? Even if you clean floors and carpets regularly , there is some level of dirt that remains . " upwave : How to find the perfect running shoe And if the idea of shoe removal cramps your family 's style ? Tell them it is a lot better than the alternative types of cramps -- the ones brought on by intestinal distress . This article was originally published on upwave.com & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	E. coli , salmonella and campylobacter can make you pretty sick or kill you Food-borne illnesses are microbes that invade your body through the gastrointestinal tract Each year , one in six Americans contracts food poisoning on U.S. soil
Two days after nuclear talks with world leaders yielded little progress , Iran announced it has opened a new uranium-processing site to mark "  National Nuclear Day . " The country opened a uranium-processing facility as well as a uranium mine in the central province of Yazd , state-run TV reported Tuesday . Iran 's enrichment of uranium has been one of the most contentious issues in nuclear talks between Iran and the so-called P5 +1 countries -- the United States , France , Britain , China , Russia and Germany . State TV : Three dead after quake hits Iran , near nuclear site The P5 +1 countries are demanding Iran come clean about its nuclear program , which they suspect includes covert development of nuclear weapons . But Iran has consistently denied those charges , saying it is enriching uranium and building nuclear reactors only for peaceful civilian energy needs . "  Enrichment is part of the rights of the Iranian people , whether we 're talking about 5 % or 20 % , " said Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili said earlier . Nuclear power plants use uranium that is enriched to 5 % , while making a nuclear bomb requires uranium to be enriched 20 % or more , Arnie Gundersen , chief energy adviser with the nuclear consulting group Fairewindes Associates , said last year . Enriched uranium is the fuel for nuclear power plants that generate electricity . The technique of enriching uranium relies on yellowcake -- a powdery , often yellow substance that comes from processed , mined uranium ore . Nuclear talks continue to stall Despite two days of intense negotiations last week , Iran and six world powers "  remain far apart " on Tehran 's controversial nuclear program , European Union Foreign Policy Chief Catherine Ashton said Saturday . Though Jalili described the talks as "  substantive , expansive and comprehensive , " he said "  hostile behaviors " directed toward Iran have been detrimental . The comment presumably was a reference to the draconian sanctions imposed by Western governments against Tehran , which are crippling the Iranian economy . Oil exports have plummeted over the past several years , as has the value of Iran 's currency . But Ashton defended the use of sanctions . "  The purpose of any sanctions is to put pressure in order to get this process to work , " she said . "  And I believe we should continue to work as hard as we possibly can to make sure we are successful and we reach a satisfactory resolution . " Iran nuclear talks : Countries to regroup after little progress	Iran 's nuclear negotiator : "  Enrichment is part of the rights of the Iranian people , " The announcement comes after recent nuclear negotiations EU official : Iran and six world powers are at odds on Iran 's nuclear program
CNN  -- From the sweeping coastlines of Kalamata to the sun-scorched island of Crete , Greece 's olive groves have been thriving in the Mediterranean heat for thousands of years . The tiny green fruits are harvested before autumn sets in , and cold pressed to deliver extra virgin olive oil , regarded as an elixir of life . The Greeks believe this oil is the world 's best . But the world , Greek brothers Thomas and George Douzis realized , did not . So , in 2007 , the Douzis brothers developed a plan to take Greek produce to the global stage . It was an idea that would also , inadvertently , make the Douzis brothers early examples of the country 's grass-roots survival strategy . The Douzis , now aged 27 and 30 , grew up in coastal town of Thessaloniki , where their grandfather Thomas owned a grocery store , selling everyday products such as olive oil or honey to locals . Their father , Thodoris , was also in the food business , working for Kellogg 's before setting up his own food distribution company . The brothers were raised on Greek delicacies , but as they grew older they realized the food they loved had a global image problem . Take Greek olive oil 's reputation around the world . According to market research , shoppers preferred Italian and Spanish oils , despite 80 % of Greek olive oil being extra virgin , compared to 45 % in Italy . The Douzis had found their mission . "  The perception abroad is that Greek oil is the cheap one . Bottom of the shelves , " Thomas Douzis says . As a marketing graduate , he had a plan to change that image -- and a lot more . The brothers would find the best independent producers in the country and take their products global , with a guarantee of quality . Greek olive oil , honey and other delicacies were in their sights . The brothers chose the brand Ergon -- the Greek word for project -- and set out to find the country 's best produce . In the tiny Kolymvary region of Western Crete , they found the olive oil they wanted to promote . It came from olives whose history on the island dated back to the Venetian occupation , 800 years ago . The caliber was so high the area had been granted special status from the European Union . Pressed in low temperatures and strictly by mechanical means , the region 's oil was among the purest in the world . It got the Ergon approval . The brothers were also spending hours in labs testing Greek 's best honey for purity and sugar content -- choosing a blend which they called "  Bee 's project " to finally launch Ergon . The brand was in the market . But it was headed straight into an economic storm . Ergon launches , Greece stumbles As the Douzis brothers developed their business plans , the country 's finances were beginning to unravel . Greece had hosted the Summer Olympics in 2004 which had left the country on a high -- but blown its budget . By 2008 , Greece was in recession . By 2010 , it had taken its first bailout from the European Union and International Monetary Fund , and was forced to introduce austerity measures . It slashed through people 's pensions , incomes and jobs , and fed soaring unemployment . But by 2010 , Ergon was an established brand , selling five lines of traditional products including spreads , canned fish , beans , mushrooms and wild truffles . The crisis , for the Douzis , fed a "  nothing to lose " attitude that ultimately boosted their success . As Greece recovers from its financial meltdown , other young entrepreneurs have emerged as flag-bearers for a new audacity and style . And many are doing so as expats , after being forced out of the country by the crisis . Greek diaspora lift those left behind In London , Reload Greece is typical of this change . Set up in 2012 to create a hub for Greek entrepreneurs , it promotes the idea expats can help their troubled homeland from afar . It reflects the exodus of Greek youth who went searching for better career prospects , and have since proved a surprising force for the country 's recovery . Reload 's general manager , Markos Kiosseoglou , left Greece for an education in England and the U.S. , working in start-ups and multinationals . Like many of his compatriots , his Greek bloodlines run strong and he set up Reload , in his words , to "  let people do whatever they do , and find ways to connect them to Greece and help Greek communities . " Thomas Douzis is one of Reload 's supporters . He has assisted with events and mentored potential "  reloaders " about his own experiences of doing business with small-scale Greek operators . "  Greece used to be a country with lots of entertainment , tourist sector , big summers ... now it is much more stressed environment , " Douzis says . "  This generates more passion to perform . " Manos Sifakis is another example of the Greek renaissance . He started his multimedia marketing company Customedialabs as a part-time , one-man operation during compulsory Greek army service in 2000 . Working for clients based around the world , Sifakis had a network of customers by the time he finished his service , and started working full-time . Since then , it has become an international agency with offices on two continents and high-profile clients including Johnson & Johnson , ING and Exxon Mobile . Sifakis is now based in Philadelphia , after following his American wife Maria to the U.S. . He runs the agency from Pennsylvania , although most of his 60 employees in the Greek city of Larissa , where he is originally from . "  Truthfully , if I did n't have Greece , I would n't be in business , " Sifakis says . And it 's not cost which keeps him tapping his homeland . "  There are many places around the world with talented workforce that would be more cost-effective . "  The number one advantage is the loyalty . My most loyal talent is in Greece . I have people there who have been working for me for many years . " He hopes to hire as many young Greeks as possible . "  Greece can be successful if you find people who can inspire and lead the change , " Sifakis says . ` Winners in a crisis ' The Douzis are of this ilk . Ergon , born as Greece 's economy collapsed , now has a network of 150 producers who support seven stores and delis in Greece , one in London and another being prepped for Brussels . The brothers ' ambitions reach beyond Europe -- by 2017 , they want to be in the U.S. , where demand for fresh Greek products has grown rapidly since Americans discovered , and fell in love with , the country 's traditional thick yoghurt . According to Thomas Douzis , looking back at Ergon 's beginnings , "  we started in a very , very bad situation and proved that we can be winners in crisis . " Douzis recalls trying to convince the producers to join Ergon when it was in its infancy . "  Greece was wealthy back then , so we had to convince them that these two young brothers from Thessaloniki can do that job , that we can help them sell their products , " he says . Back then , many producers did n't have barcodes or an English language list of their ingredients . Now , thanks to Ergon and despite the country 's devastating crisis , their products are being enjoyed at a trendy restaurant just off Oxford Street , the main shopping hub in the heart of London . There , in Ergon 's flagship London restaurant , Greece 's traditional salad is created out of coarsely cut tomatoes , chunks of colorful peppers , a samphire garnish and feta cheese cream . But the key ingredient is the basil-infused olive oil that pulls the disparate flavors together . It is the oil made by small-scale farmers , under the sun of the Kolymvary region , in Western Crete . Read more : Voices from Greece : Europe may be recovering , but crisis not over for us	Greek brothers Thomas and George Douzis started a business at the height of the financial crisis The lack of employment opportunities has sparked a wave of new Greek entrepreneurs Thomas Douzis says the economic downturn forced the nation to change its mentality
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A senior U.S. lawmaker says China is ordering foreign-owned hotels there to install government software and hardware that would let authorities spy on guests ' Internet activities during the Beijing Olympics . Sen. Sam Brownback says tourists could be subjected to Internet spying during the Olympics . Sen. Sam Brownback , R-Kansas , released a translated document Wednesday from China 's Public Security Bureau that he said orders hotels to use the monitoring programs . CNN was not able to independently verify the original document , and calls to the Chinese Embassy in Washington went unanswered . CNN will continue to try to reach Beijing for a response to Brownback 's allegations . The senator said journalists , athletes , tourists , activists and others would be subjected to invasive intelligence gathering by the Public Security Bureau . Several international hotel chains have confirmed the order , Brownback said , but he would n't disclose which ones , saying they fear retaliation from the Chinese government . He said the hotels are warning guests that their Internet activities are not private . Learn more how China monitors the Internet " The translated document offered by Brownback 's staff states that "  refusing the installment or stopping operation of the system after installment will be subject to punishment . ... In case of serious violation , access to the Internet will be suspended or the business license will be canceled . " CNN reached one hotel manager who said authorities met with the staff to discuss Internet security . However , he said , the officials did n't provide any documentation . The manager said on condition of anonymity that the Chinese government is capable of monitoring Internet traffic without involving or telling the hotels that it is doing so . Stanley Marcuss , former U.S. deputy assistant secretary of commerce , advised business travelers to leave their laptops at home . "  They are required by the U.S. government not to permit unauthorized access to information stored in their computers , " he said , "  and if the Chinese say , ` We 're going to get access to what 's in your computer if you use your computer in China , ' that 's a real problem . " The Summer Olympics in Beijing begins August 8 .	Sen. Sam Brownback cites document he says is from Chinese agency Brownback : Foreign-owned hotels in China told to install equipment on computers Athletes , journalists , visitors could be subjected to Chinese spying , senator says
CNN  -- One million people registered for Apple 's music-centric social network in the first 48 hours it became available in September . But some evidence indicates that Ping may be having trouble keeping their attention . However , a collaboration between Twitter and Apple could open a backdoor to a part of the corporate workforce that has been locked out of Ping during the crucial daytime hours . With Ping -- the social service that lives within Apple 's iTunes program -- users can now post links to songs and albums to their Twitter accounts . When you find such a message in the Twitter.com stream , you can click the tweet to see a box showing details about that song from iTunes , along with a button for listening to a short snippet of the track . Twitter announced the changes on Thursday . The Ping features -- available to users in the 23 countries where the iTunes Store sells music -- is an extension of Twitter 's site overhaul last month that added a similar preview function for photos and video , a Twitter spokeswoman said . A stroll around dozens of profiles in iTunes just after the announcement reveals a less-than-vibrant place . Many Ping pages had little recent activity , aside from profile notes about new music purchases , which can be set to post automatically . The initial surge in bands creating accounts and maintaining active profiles has slowed , reports say .  Apple declined to comment for this story . In order to use Ping , you must first create an iTunes account , which requires a credit card . Apple says it has some 150 million credit cards on file , but that requirement still creates an obstacle for children who do n't have credit cards of their own . Kids , aged 13 to 17 , made up Facebook 's fastest-growing demographic this summer , according to data from Inside Facebook , which tracks activity on the social network . Next , and here 's what could be a major hindrance for office workers , you must have the iTunes software installed on your computer in order to use Ping . The program does n't typically come packaged with corporate-issued machines . Companies frequently block workers from installing applications without prior approval . They do so because nearly two-thirds of all security vulnerabilities in software from Microsoft can be prevented by disallowing workers from installing programs , according to a report from security research firm BeyondTrust . But in many offices , Twitter and Facebook are just a few keystrokes away in a Web browser . The workday has proved to be prime time for Facebook , the world 's most trafficked social network . About a quarter of workers in the U.S. and U.K. say they spend more than an hour on social networking sites during office hours , according to a recent survey . Seven percent of Web pages workers accessed recently were to Facebook , observed internet security firm Network Box . Ping widens its potential daytime audience thanks to the partnership with Twitter , which has 175 million registered users . But the integration is only a one-way street , a Twitter spokeswoman said . Tweets can not be fed into Ping .	Users of Apple 's Ping social network can now post updates from within the app to Twitter Messages from Ping can contain a small widget on Twitter containing song previews This move could open up Ping to corporate workers who do n't have access to iTunes
CNN  -- In 1981 , James Brady was shot in the head and gravely wounded in a shooting that also wounded President Reagan -- despite their both being surrounded by plenty of extremely well-trained "  good guys with guns . " At that time , federal law set conditions , such as a felony conviction or being involuntarily hospitalized for a mental illness , that prohibited a person from possessing firearms . The 1968 Gun Control Act had established record-keeping requirements and regulated interstate transactions of firearms , but there was no federal law requiring proof from a prospective buyer that he or she was not prohibited from possessing firearms . It was , in essence , an honor system . You could purchase as many firearms and as much ammunition as you liked , as long as you signed a form stating that you did n't meet any of the disqualifying conditions . While James Brady started his long road to recovery from his brain injuries , he and his wife , Sarah , began what has been a three-decade endeavor to strengthen America 's gun laws and prevent others from becoming victims of gun violence . The Bradys and the organization they have helped lead have been successful in : -- Expanding disqualifiers for firearm possession to include perpetrators of domestic violence -- Advancing laws to prevent gun violence at the state level -- Litigating legal cases to protect the public from unsafe business practices in the gun industry -- Educating the public about how to protect children from being shot But Brady 's best-known legacy will be the federal law he championed and that bears his name , the Brady Gun Violence Prevention Act . The Brady Act was a huge leap forward toward fulfilling the objectives of the Gun Control Act of 1968 : keeping guns from dangerous people . It required licensed gun dealers to submit information on the identity of prospective gun buyers to the FBI , which could then determine through searches of databases of criminal records whether the purchaser was prohibited . Through this law , millions of prohibited buyers have been identified and prohibited from purchasing firearms from licensed dealers . What impact the Brady Law has had on public safety is debatable and , in my opinion , very difficult to assess . Because some states had background check requirements in place before the Brady Law , one way to estimate the policy 's effects is to contrast changes in homicide trends in these states at the time the law was implemented with changes over the same period in states newly implementing background checks for sales by licensed gun dealers . But the accuracy of the estimates depends on having states that are similar except for the policy change or having states with similar crime trends before the law was implemented . If the pre-law trends differ between those sets of states , you must control for those differences . Those conditions have n't been met in studies of the Brady Law . But I believe the Brady Law is the foundation upon which we should build a complete system for vetting all firearms transactions to keep guns away from people identified by laws as being too dangerous to possess them . Some consider background checks for all gun sales a pipe dream , based on the flawed logic that gun laws wo n't work when criminals do n't obey them . This argument ignores the important linkages between legal and illegal gun markets and what research has shown about the ability of sensible regulations to prevent diversions of guns into the illegal market . We ca n't directly observe a homicide prevented because of background checks , but we can see what happens in their absence . After Missouri repealed its system for vetting all handgun sales through a permit to purchase background check system in 2007 , firearm homicide rates increased sharply while rates declined nationally and in states surrounding Missouri . A study that I conducted to assess the effects of this policy change controlled for a host of other factors that might explain Missouri 's spike in gun homicides and determined that Missouri 's repealed handgun purchase permit law was associated with nearly 50 additional homicides per year . The last 33 years of James Brady 's life were marked by courage and perseverance , not only to regain what gun violence had taken from him , but to curb the nation 's extraordinary high level of gun violence . He has been an inspiration to many who are committed to completing what he started , so we can have far more effective policies for keeping guns from dangerous people . If his vision of a comprehensive background check system is realized , we will have many fewer lives lost and damaged by gun violence .	Daniel Webster : In 1981 , when James Brady was shot , buying guns relied on "  honor system " He says you only had to sign form saying law did n't prohibit you from owning firearms Brady Law helped fulfill goal of Gun Control Act , to keep guns from dangerous people , he says Webster : Its effect on public safety unclear , but background checks help
United Nations  CNN  -- Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will submit a letter to the United Nations Security Council Friday requesting formal U.N. recognition of Palestinian statehood , according to a top Palestinian official . Abbas met Wednesday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who promised that the request will be taken "  very seriously , " Dr. Nabeel Shaath told reporters on hand for the 66th session of the U.N. General Assembly -- a session dominated concerns over the intractable Israeli-Palestinian Ban said it will "  not take long " to get Security Council consideration , Shaath said . Abbas will give "  some time " to the Security Council before trying to negotiate statehood via the General Assembly , Shaath said . "  We do not think of this as a tactic or as a bluff , " he stressed . "  This is really a moment of truth . " Shaath said that settling for a lesser status at the United Nations -- such as becoming a non-state member -- is one option under consideration if the push for statehood is ultimately blocked . But the Palestinians do not want "  anybody to suspect a lack of seriousness , " he said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . vehemently opposes U.N recognition of a Palestinian state , arguing that such a development would derail an already fragile Middle East peace process . News of Abbas ' plan came shortly after U.S. President Obama told members of the General Assembly that he shares their frustration with the apparent inability to find a resolution to the decades-old conflict . Obama resisted calls for formal U.N. recognition of an independent Palestinian state , however , asserting that "  peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the U.N. " Obama has been trying to mend political fences with wary backers of Israel at home while avoiding the diplomatic fallout that would accompany a U.S. veto of a Security Council measure endorsing recognition of a Palestinian state . "  I know that many are frustrated by the lack of progress , " Obama told members of the General Assembly . "  So am I . But the question is n't the goal we seek -- the question is how to reach it . And I am convinced that there is no shortcut to the end of a conflict that has endured for decades . " "  One year ago , I stood at this podium and called for an independent Palestine , " Obama noted . "  I believed then -- and I believe now -- that the Palestinian people deserve a state of their own . But what I also said is that genuine peace can only be realized between Israelis and Palestinians themselves . " He said that a year later , despite extensive U.S. efforts , "  the parties have not bridged their differences . " "  Faced with this stalemate , I put forward a new basis for negotiations in May . That basis is clear , and well-known to all of us here . Israelis must know that any agreement provides assurances for their security . Palestinians deserve to know the territorial basis of their state . " Later , Obama met with Netanyahu and declared that "  the bonds between the U.S. and Israel are unbreakable . " Netanyahu called U.S. opposition to immediate U.N. recognition of Palestinian statehood a "  badge of honor . " Obama told Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in talks on Tuesday that the Palestinian effort would not advance a "  shared goal " of resolving the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict , according to Liz Sherwood-Randall , a top U.S. National Security Council aide . Obama also urged Erdogan to continue work toward patching up Turkey 's strained relations with Israel , Sherwood-Randall said . Among other things , Obama also used his address to the General Assembly Wednesday to tackle a range of issues relating to the so-called Arab Spring , celebrating the toppling of autocratic rulers in Egypt , Libya , and Tunisia , while expressing support for reform movements in Bahrain , Yemen , and elsewhere . The president also sought to rally international support for African famine relief , and provided backing for both European economic efforts and international measures to combat climate change . For the world in general , Obama declared , "  the tide of war is receding . " The U.S. leader asserted that the belief that change could come through violence died with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 's demise . "  This has been a difficult decade , " he said . "  But today , we stand at a crossroads of history with the chance to move decisively in the direction of peace . " The Obama administration is seeking this week to reinforce a foreign policy strategy that emphasizes cooperation and shared responsibility after what has been criticized as a "  might makes right " posture by the United States in past decades . The administration "  has dramatically changed America 's course at the United Nations to advance our interests and values and help forge a more secure and prosperous world , " declared a White House document released Tuesday . "  We have repaired frayed relations with countries around the world . We have ended needless American isolation on a range of issues . And as a consequence , we have gotten strong cooperation on things that matter most to our national security interest . " The document cited "  concrete results " at the United Nations that it said advanced "  U.S. foreign policy objectives and American security , " including : -- The stiffest U.N. sanctions ever against Iran and North Korea ; -- Efforts to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons and materials ; -- The Libya intervention and subsequent efforts to aid the political transition there ; -- The peaceful independence of Southern Sudan ; and , -- U.N. assistance in Afghanistan and Iraq . In addition , the White House document said the United States is the largest donor of humanitarian assistance for the Horn of Africa famine , with most of the $ 600 million provided so far funneled through U.N. agencies . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Elise , Labott , Alan Silverleib , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Abbas will submit a letter Friday seeking statehood recognition , Palestinians confirm Abbas ' ultimate goal is to force a U.N. General Assembly vote on the matter Obama says "  peace depends on compromise " between Israel and the Palestinians
CNN  -- Another Paris Fashion Week has come to an end with a bang . Over the past week , CNN brought you all the action from behind the scenes and in the spotlight -- from head-turning looks on the catwalk , glamorous models and breathtaking set design , to the omnipresent Kardashians hitting up the town in force and uber-fashionista Carine Roitfeld 's exclusive party . If you missed out , never fear . With a little help from Bryanboy , Chiara Ferragni and FaceHunter who are part of a new blogging elite redefining the rules of fashion -- we bring you an Instagram roundup of the hottest looks , people and parties . .	CNN helps you catch up on Paris Fashion Week Check out all the action with Instagram photos from fashion insiders
EW.com  -- This Saturday night , while you 're watching John Cusack brood in "  The Raven " or catching up on "  Game of Thrones " -- or doing something besides staring at a glowing rectangle -- a certain flame-haired actress will be dining with America 's commander-in-chief . That 's right : Lindsay Lohan , newly minted Lifetime movie star , will attend 2012 ′ s White House Correspondents ' dinner . Her rep tells the Washington Post that Lilo is going to be a guest of Fox News host Greta van Susteren , who must be a closet fan of "  I Know Who Killed Me . " And to make matters even odder , Lohan 's defense attorney Shawn Holley will also be present at the soiree . I guess that 'll come in handy if another lady accuses her of battery afterward . It 's bizarre that Lohan 's going to rub elbows with Barack , Michelle , and a roster of Beltway insiders and Hollywood A-listers at the event . But ever since famous residents of the Left Coast started attending the WHCD in greater numbers , the event 's guest list has included more than a few head scratchers . For example : - In 2002 , bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended and evidently stole the show from then-president George W. Bush .  Hey , remember when The Osbournes was a thing ?  Bush tried to get the last laugh by telling Osbourne that Barbara Bush was a big fan of albums like "  Sabbath Bloody Sabbath . " - 2006 welcomed "  Dancing With the Stars " winner Drew Lachey and tennis siren Anna Kournikova , among others . But I 'm guessing nobody had time to wonder why these C-listers were in the building ; guests must have been too busy gaping at Stephen Colbert 's explosive speech . - 2008 : Heidi Montag got an invite , but had to cancel when human sweat stain Spencer Pratt demanded a ticket as well . What a loss for Washington ! - David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine in front of President Obama . Which decision was worse : doing drugs while surrounded by Secret Service agents or appearing in "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel ? " - 2010 was a banner year for unlikely WHCD attendees . The Jonas Brothers , Chace Crawford 's sister Candice , Katie Lee Joel  Billy 's ex-wife  , and Q-list syndicated talk show host Wendy Williams all came . Oh , and so did Kim Kardashian ; like Lilo , she was a guest of van Susteren .  So , in fact , was Ozzy Osbourne . I 'm shocked she did n't try to bring Charlie Sheen in 2011 . - This year , Lindsay may be upstaged by another headline-grabbing guest : Uggie , The Artist 's adorable , heroic Jack Russell Terrier . He 'll be a guest of The Washington Times , a paper that knows from dog puns . How do you think Lilo compares to those who have come before her ? And what do you think she 'll do at the Correspondents ' Dinner -- accidentally flash her Mean Girl ? Pick a fight with Jesse Tyler Ferguson , a repeat attendee ? Or surprise us all by acting normal and having a lovely time ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lindsay Lohan will attend the 2012 ′ s White House Correspondents ' dinner In 2002 , bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine
CNN  -- What color underwear did you wear on New Year 's Eve ? Your choice may say something about your culture and your hopes for 2012 -- as might whether you decide to ring in the new year by smashing dishes , respectfully bowing to your elders or feasting on everything from cabbage to sticky rice soup to black-eyed peas . As they do every December 31 , revelers around the world spent Saturday-into-Sunday ushering in the new year in distinctive ways . One of the most common was by watching fireworks light up the nighttime sky , though this was just one of many ways people found to celebrate and do all they could to ensure that the next 12 months proceed as they wish . And yes , underwear is one way to state your intentions -- at least in many South American countries , including Brazil and Argentina . If you wore yellow , that supposedly enhances your chances for abundance and reaping in more money . If it was red , then you 'll more likely find love in 2012 . And if you were sporting white underpants , preferably new and clean , then peace was your top priority for the coming year . One New Year 's theme that resonates across borders , ages and ethnic groups is feasting on foods in an effort to boost your prospects for the future . But the menu varies from place to place . Cabbage represents money and sauerkraut is for living a long life for some of Northern European ancestry , for instance . People in Spain and many Latin American countries down 12 grapes , one each to "  guarantee " a month of happiness . In parts of the American South , year-round favorites black-eyed peas , ham and collard greens carry special importance over the New Year 's holiday . People in the nation of Georgia do n't count on a chef for good luck . Rather , they rely on the first person to come through their home 's door after midnight -- a person who , theoretically , will bring them fortune for the following year . Snacking on candy on New Year 's Eve is another way , in the former Soviet territory , to ensure that 2012 is likewise sweet , and not bitter . Brazilians try to optimize their prospects for the coming year by jumping waves or , if they are not near the beach , eating lentil soup or handing out money . Besides raucously banging together pots and pans , Filipinos eat round fruits to bring good fortune . Some New Year 's traditions have nothing to do with luck . A front stoop littered with broken plates in Denmark , for instance , suggests that the person inside has a lot of friends since , each New Year 's Eve , people throw their old dishes at the doors of their friends ' homes . The agenda for fun in Canada depends on where you are , from partying at a "  reveillon " in Quebec to imbibing Screech rum in Newfoundland to savoring "  beaver tail " -- a Canadian fried dough treat -- in Ontario . Still , for all those who partake in grand New Year 's events , there are many more who make their own traditions . It may be a small gathering of family and friends , watching the Times Square ball drop on TV , or loudly running through the neighborhood . Some may simply go to sleep early , so they can be energized for an early New Year 's Day hike -- perhaps while wearing underwear that suits their mood , and wishes , for 2012 . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , George Kazarian , Kenneth Ernhofer , John Sanders , Peter Kaplan , Shruti Pant , Guilermo Arduino , Rafael Romo , Jane Lee , Bonnie Turner , Talia Kayali , Sara Yeglin and Armie Jarin-Bennett contributed to this report .	People worldwide celebrate New Year 's in different ways Latin Americans express their hopes through the color of their underwear In Denmark , people throw old dishes at their friends ' homes
CNN  -- When Sadako Sasaki lay in her hospital bed sick with leukemia , she showed her father origami cranes from local school girls . "  When you fold 1,000 paper cranes , you will get well , " her dad responded . Sadako was just 12 . Hoping to get better , she began folding tiny origami cranes , using paper from get-well gifts and wrappers from medicine . She had survived the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 . Yet 10 years later , her fragile body suffered the effects of exposure to radiation . "  Please treasure the life that is given to you , " Sadako said before her death on October 25 , 1955 . "  It is my belief that my small paper crane will enable you to understand other people 's feelings , as if they are your own . " Sadako 's death inspired a memorial in Japan 's Hiroshima Peace Park , complete with a statue of her holding a golden crane . Now , one of her last origami cranes resides in a new memorial thousands of miles away , in the country that dropped the bomb . It was given to the Tribute WTC Visitor Center in New York by her aging brother . "  I thought if Sadako 's crane is placed at Ground Zero , it will be very meaningful , " says Masahiro Sasaki , in an education program produced by the tribute center and the Japan Society . "  Commonly , in Japan , the crane is regarded as a symbol of peace . But for us , in the Sasaki family , it is the embodiment of Sadako 's life , and it is filled with her wish and hope . " "  I hope by talking about that small wish for peace , the small ripple will become bigger and bigger . " The delicate red crane , smaller than a fingernail , is on display at the center . Hanging near it are origami cranes that were placed on the fence around Ground Zero after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Another 10,000 cranes from families and colleagues of Japanese victims of 9/11 surround Sadako 's . "  This little girl believed that the world could be made better if we all worked together , " says Lee Ielpi , the co-founder of the center , whose grown son , Jonathan , was killed on September 11 . "  It sends that beautiful message : Even in death , we 're going to carry on that little girl 's wish . ... I 'm so tickled we can carry on her wish . " Meriam Lobel , the center 's curator , says staffers were speechless when Masahiro Sasaki presented the gift . "  He lifted it out with this little , tiny tweezer and there was this beautiful red glistening crane , " Lobel says . "  It was like a gem , like a little red ruby . " For Tsugio Ito , the symbolism of the crane holds special meaning . "  When the atomic bomb was dropped , I was exercising in the schoolyard at the elementary school . My brother was a student at the high school , " he says in the center 's educational program . He survived . His brother was killed in the bombing . Fast forward six decades . Ito 's son was working for Fuji Bank in the South Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11 . Kazushige Ito , 35 , was one of 24 Japanese killed on 9/11 . "  After September 11 , we waited for him to call . One month passed , then two months , then I came to accept that perhaps this means he is gone , " he told the center . "  Every time I visit the World Trade Center site , I wonder where my son was and where he suffered . " What happened that day only reinforces "  how important it is to have peace . " "  We must have peace , " Ito says . "  I feel that stronger now than ever before . " Tom Johnson has been active on the board of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation ever since 9/11 when terrorists killed 2,976 people . His 26-year-old son , Scott , was among the victims . When he visits the center , he cherishes two items in particular : his son 's death certificate , which lists "  homicide " as his cause of death , and Sadako 's origami crane . "  You have to derive some kind of message of meaning that will make the world heal , " he says . Sadako 's brother says the spirit of his sister lives on in the crane , "  because she had a heart of kindness . " He had five of her original cranes . He hopes to give the others away to museums on other continents . "  As a victim of war or a victim of terrorism , we share the same grief , and share the sense of duty to tell the stories to our children and our children 's children , " he says . "  Although the incidents were different , I hope we can help each other work for world peace from now on . "	Origami crane , made by girl that inspired a nation , is now on display at 9/11 center Sadako Sasaki survived the Hiroshima bombing ; made origami in hopes of beating leukemia Her brother recently donated an original crane as message of peace "  Even in death , we 're going to carry on that little girl 's wish , " center 's co-founder says
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- Violent protests continued across Kashmir Wednesday , as the death toll from the past two days of demonstrations rose to 20 , a senior police official said . Hindu protesters shout slogans against Jammu and Kashmir state governor N. N. Vohra . Three people critically injured in the protests died on Wednesday , adding to the already high tensions . Several thousand people joined the Wednesday morning funeral procession for one of the victims in old Srinagar city . The region -- which is split between India and Pakistan -- has been a flashpoint of violence between Hindus and Muslims for more than a month . The violence was triggered by the Hindu government 's attempt to transfer land to a Hindu shrine . The latest round of protests was started on Monday by fruit growers who were upset that Hindu protesters had blocked a highway leading into India , preventing their crops from getting to market . It has spiraled into demonstrations against the deaths . A police official said 200 people have been injured in the two days of protests . A round-the-clock curfew in Srinagar , the summer capital of Kashmir , was lifted for several hours Wednesday to allow residents to buy essential commodities . During the curfew suspension , an angry mob attacked a policeman in Srinagar 's old city , torching his motorbike . Speaking Wednesday , Kashmir 's Indian-appointed governor N. N. Vohra made a fervent appeal for demonstrators to maintain calm . He expressed deep grief for "  the families who lost their near and dear ones in the unfortunate incidents . " From Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad	Violent protests continue across Kashmir , death toll rises to 20 Thousands join funeral procession for one of the victims Protesters angry over govt . decision not to transfer land to a Hindu shrine State govt . revoked transfer after a week of violent protests by Muslims
CNN  -- He 's terrified millions of children with his books , from "  Welcome to the Dead House " to "  Planet of the Lawn Gnomes . " But R.L. Stine is n't ready to let his audience grow up in peace . With the 20th anniversary of his popular "  Goosebumps " series comes Stine 's adult horror novel "  Red Rain . " The book follows travel writer Lea Sutter into the middle of a devastating hurricane and out again with a pair of evil twins who will wreak their own kind of devastation on her family . Stine is n't the first young-adult author to venture into adult fiction . J.K. Rowling recently released a novel titled "  The Casual Vacancy " that sold 157,000 hardcover copies in its first week of publication , according to Nielsen BookScan . Beloved "  Sweet Valley " creator Francine Pascal has also moved into the adult world with her characters ; Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield grew up in "  Sweet Valley Confidential " and started their 30s in this summer 's novella e-series "  The Sweet Life . " "  Red Rain " is n't even the first adult book Stine has written . In 2000 , he released a novel called "  Superstitious " about a professor named Liam O'Connor who is the most superstitious man in the world , for good reason . Stine 's publishers expected a best-seller , but book sales were mediocre for an author with such a big reputation . "  It was too early to do an adult novel . No one asked about it . ... I 've been waiting by the phone for 12 years , " Stine joked . This time , his fans are ready . They 've been hounding Stine on Twitter -- he has almost 60,000 followers -- asking him to write a book for them . "  That 's how I keep in touch , " Stine said . "  There are no kids on Twitter . It 's all people  in their 20s , 30s  who read ` Goosebumps ' and ` Fear Street ' in the '90s . They were my huge audience . " Stine has written more than 300 books that have sold a combined 350 million copies around the world .  At one point , he was churning out 12 "  Goosebumps " books a year ; now he 's down to six . At the recent National Book Festival in Washington , the author 's autograph line seemed endless . "  It was amazing . It was 7-year-olds , 10-year-olds , 20-year-olds , 30-year-olds . Half of them were like , ' I loved your books when I was a kid , ' " Stine said . "  It 's great for my ego . " Stacy Creamer , editor for "  Red Rain " as well as the vice president and publisher for Touchstone , knows Stine 's work well . Her 10-year-old son devours his books "  like crack . " "  To see that kind of enthusiasm in my own son , it was easy to see if , you know , someone checked in with him 10 , 15 years from now . ... I think he 'd be pretty intrigued . " Stine sent Creamer an outline for "  Red Rain . " The plot he wanted to tackle seemed so complicated , Creamer was a little nervous . But after receiving the finished novel , she said , she would have published the book even from an unknown author . Of course , having Stine 's name attached added a bit of glamour . "  I knew he had the chops to do it , because I think writers are writers , " Creamer said . "  But man , he just slammed it . " There are pitfalls to having a children 's author write an adult novel . Although Rowling 's "  The Casual Vacancy " is on track to become one of the best-selling hardcover novels of the year , it has received mixed reviews . "  After all of this magic , what could we have expected ? " professor Seth Lerer wrote for The Daily Beast . " ` The Casual Vacancy ' may be a disappointment , but it is a natural one . For after having written books of magic for a magical age , Rowling has come out with a book of Muggle life for Muggles . Is this what happens when you grow up ? " Pascal 's "  Sweet Valley Confidential " ended up on best-seller lists as well , but fans were outraged at the experiences Pascal crafted for her once-innocent teen characters . "  I felt a 27-year-old woman  Elizabeth  was entitled to an orgasm , " Pascal said with a laugh . "  You would be surprised at how many responses I got that did n't feel that way . ... I had somehow maligned their hero , and it was not good . " Pascal 's idea for an adult novel came in a similar way to Stine 's . Facebook was her inspiration ; on the social media site , she said , everyone is looking for the kid they grew up with , the friend from elementary school , their high school sweetheart . "  Strangely enough , even though these are fictional characters , they are real  to fans  , " Pascal said . "  I thought they would have a curiosity to find out what happened to these people they lived with . " Curiosity seems to have outweighed outrage for the millions of Sweet Valley readers . "  The Sweet Life " e-series was downloaded more than 40,000 times . A copy of all six novellas will be available in one hardcover book October 30 . Stine wo n't have to wait long to see whether "  Red Rain " is a success ; the book is released Tuesday . If it is , he just might continue to give his grown-up fans goosebumps . "  I 'll wait by the phone , see if it 's another 12 years , " Stine laughed . "  I 'd love to do another one . " Do you follow the authors you read as a child or young adult today ? Share your favorites in the comments section below .	Stine has written more than 300 books that have sold a combined 350 million copies "  Red Rain " follows travel writer Lea Sutter into the middle of a hurricane J.K. Rowling and Francine Pascal have also recently published adult books
The president of Florida A&M University moved Wednesday to dismiss the school 's longtime band director in the wake of last weekend 's hazing-linked death of a drum major in the school 's famed marching band . "  The reason for this intended employment action is based upon your alleged misconduct and/or incompetence involving confirmed reports and allegations of hazing with the Department of Music and the ` Marching 100 , ' " President James H. Ammons said in a letter to Julian E. White . The letter , which was marked "  confidential , " notified White that he was being dismissed effective December 22 and placed on administrative leave with pay effective immediately . The letter , which gave White 10 days to respond to Ammons , was provided to CNN by the university . White , who had led the 420-member band since 1998 , did not return a call from CNN . "  Wow , " said Felicia Fabre , the mother of another band member who , she said , had also been hazed . She said she had mixed emotions about the dismissal . "  I believe that he did the best that he could , " she told CNN in a telephone interview , adding that White had appeared sincere about trying to stop the hazing . "  I think that it goes further than just him . He had people working under him that need to be held just as responsible . " But Berlinda Johnson , whose 18-year-old son is a band member whom she did not want to identify by name for fear of retribution , praised White . "  Any time I alerted him to an issue , Dr. White was always responsive , " she told CNN . She blamed section directors for setting the tone that allowed hazing to occur , despite White 's efforts to halt it . "  I do not think he had the support that he needed , " she said . Johnson accused a section leader of having hit her son in the back when practices first began last summer , and said that was just the beginning . "  I reported maybe four to five incidents , " she told CNN . "  They need to interview each member of the band , no matter how long it takes . This is not a witch hunt , this is about getting things under control . " Her son loves band , she said . "  but this year , freshman year , was not a fun year for him , " she said . Wednesday 's dismissal comes four days after band members returned to their Orlando hotel following Saturday 's game . There , Robert Champion , 26 , "  reportedly threw up in the parking lot and started complaining of not being able to breathe , " the sheriff 's office said in a release . Champion was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . "  The investigation indicates that hazing was involved in the events that occurred prior to the 911 call for assistance , " Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said Tuesday . His death was not the first incident linked to hazing within the marching band , and school officials were well aware of the abuse , Fabre said . "  Oh my God , I warned them , " she said , adding that she had met with band officials at the Tallahassee school after her son told her he too had been hazed . "  I went to them and told them , ` God has blessed you with so much prestige and so much honor , and if you do n't do anything , it will take just one incident to bring your world down . ' " Fabre 's 20-year-old son , Marcus , plays alto saxophone in the band and was among a number of musicians who were being maltreated , she said . "  My son told me he was mentally and verbally hazed ; he was not physically beat , but that 's because he does n't allow that kind of thing . "  My son always stood up for himself -- he would say , last year when he was a freshman , they were picking on another freshman 's sister and he had to stick up for her . These students are very disrespectful towards one another . " For some , the abuse went beyond verbal and psychological to include paddling , she said . Fabre said she met with and e-mailed band staffers about her concerns over what she saw as pervasive hazing . "  I addressed them to the leadership and they act like they do n't know -- they say if students do n't address it , then there 's nothing they can do . If students are n't willing to stand up and say there 's something going on , there 's no one they can prosecute . " Marcus Fabre declined to speak to CNN , his mother said . "  He 's just not ready to talk , " she said . "  He 's just not ready to go to that next level yet . " She forwarded to CNN a copy of an e-mail she sent in August to Ralph Turner , dean of the College of Arts and Sciences , and band director White , in which she described an incident one of her son 's classmates said he had seen . "  He ... witnessed the same section leader ... choke the same student and held his neck up in this choking manner . This was done in a remote corner where he thought that he could not be seen by others . I could go on with horror stories , but I wo n't . Students do not report these acts because they are in fear of being ostracized . " "  I have spoken to Dr. White on many occasions -- he listened and said it would be addressed , " Fabre wrote . Though band members must sign an anti-hazing agreement , the practice continues , Fabre said . "  It 's not the band staff that does it , it 's the section leaders , upperclassmen , the students that they 've chosen to be in leadership , " she said . Calls to the school 's spokeswoman , Sharon Saunders and to Turner were not immediately returned . On Wednesday , Gov. Rick Scott sent a letter to Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Gerald Bailey asking the department to join the investigation "  to assure that the circumstances leading to Mr. Champion 's death become fully known , and that if there are individuals directly or indirectly responsible for this death , they are appropriately brought to justice and held accountable . " Authorities have not said what happened to Champion . A spokeswoman for the Orange County Medical Examiner 's Office said Wednesday that the autopsy had not been completed and that no cause of death was available . Under Florida law , any death that occurs as the result of hazing is a third-degree felony . After the incident , President Ammons suspended band performances and said he will convoke a task force "  to determine if there are any unauthorized and questionable activities associated with the culture of the Marching 100 . " "  The purpose of this review is not to establish culpability of individual band members in this particular case , but rather to determine whether there are patterns of behavior by the band -- or members of it -- that should be addressed at the institutional level , " he said . Ammons acknowledged that at least 30 band members were let go this semester because of possible involvement in hazing . But that was n't enough , according to Fabre . "  My prayer is there will be no cover-up , " she said . "  They need to get the mess out of their band and start new . " She likened the hazing incidents to gang initiations and said they were carried out in secret . "  Not like street thugs , but here , if you want to be accepted , then you got to go through it . " Fabre said the incidents were "  like a generational curse that needs to be broken " and held out hope that Champion 's death would result in the end of hazing . "  Someone has got to break the cycle , " she said . The Marching 100 's motto lays out "  qualities to live by , " including "  highest quality of character " and "  dedication to service . " In 2009 , the band represented Florida in the parade for President Barack Obama 's inauguration .	"  Oh my God , I warned them , " mother of band member says But band officials "  act like they do n't know , " she adds She says that son 's harassment was mental and verbal , that others were paddled School officials did not immediately respond to calls
CNN  -- A German supermarket employee got a surprise this week when she opened two boxes of bananas to find them filled with more than 60 pounds of cocaine worth $ 2 million , police said . Government-released photos show bananas and packages of what is identified as cocaine . "  This is obviously a matter of a logistical mistake , " a spokesman for the Bavarian State Bureau of Investigation , based in Munich , told CNN Friday . A 26-year-old employee with the discount chain Lidl in the sleepy town of Illertissen was randomly checking the boxes on Wednesday morning , police said . The fresh bananas had just been taken off a food truck , an hour after the store was open , they said . The employee was suspicious of the boxes because they felt lighter than normal , police said . As she unpacked the bananas to take them into the store 's produce section , police said , she found 26 small yellow parcels hidden underneath the fruit . She immediately called police . The investigators established that the substance is cocaine and confiscated the goods , police said . The cocaine totaled 28 kilos , or 61.7 pounds , police said . The German shipper who delivered the bananas also made stops at other stores in southern Germany , but police said no other box with cocaine had been found at those stores yet . The freight had come from Antwerp , Belgium , but originated from Colombia , police said . "  The drug courier obviously screwed up . He simply was not quick enough , " the Bavarian State Bureau of Investigation spokesman said . He dubbed the finding a "  discovery by accident . " Police said they did not know why the shipment of illegal drugs was delivered to the particular store in Illertissen , halfway between Munich and Stuttgart . The town is right next to a major highway , a North-South route between Scandinavia in the north and Italy in the south . The freight might have been delivered to the wrong address , the spokesman said . Police were not releasing any further details because of their ongoing inquiries . They said they did not know if a drug cartel or a drug courier was using Illertissen as a hub .	Supermarket employee uncovers 28 kilograms worth of cocaine , police say Packages were discovered in supermarket in southern Germany Freight came from Belgium , originated in Colombia , authorities say Town of market is along route between Scandinavia and Italy
Washington  CNN  -- In Latin America , Cuba stands out as one of the most effective deployers of soft power . Rather than exporting revolution , Cuba today exports doctors -- with more than 30,000 Cuban doctors working in more than 100 underdeveloped countries around the world . Cuba has become a marquee provider of catastrophe-related medical assistance around the world , particularly after tsunamis , hurricanes and earthquakes -- and no doubt will send large contingents of medical personnel to earthquake-ravaged Haiti in coming days and weeks . Moving beyond the still active Cold War stasis in U.S.-Cuba relations is an Obama administration foreign policy priority , and the devastation in Haiti provides a platform not only to provide relief for a nearby nation in desperate circumstances , but also to build confidence between Cuban and American authorities in a potential collaboration of effort in a third country . Many great American voices -- from Brent Scowcroft and George Shultz to Jackson Browne and Bill Richardson -- have said that the U.S. embargo on Cuba makes no sense as foreign policy , that the right of Americans to travel anywhere in the world should not be suspended in the case of Cuba , and that Cuba 's exports of doctors rather than arms should be more than enough reason to strike Cuba off of America 's state sponsors of terror watch list . But change in a relationship as charged and historically toxic as between Fidel Castro 's Cuba and 11 U.S. presidents will take narratives to move . One such narrative could evolve from tying American resource coordination and financial support in a regional multilateral effort with other Latin American nations -- particularly Cuba 's deep bench of natural disaster-experienced medical corps . After Hurricane Katrina pounded New Orleans and southern Mississippi , Castro offered relief support from a 1,600-person medical team called the Henry Reeves Brigade , named after an American doctor who fought in Cuba 's war of independence . The U.S. predictably turned down the offer in September 2005 . Shortly after , in October 2005 , the Reeves Brigade was dispatched to help provide much-needed medical relief after the devastating Kashmir earthquake that tore through the Himalayan mountain region along Pakistan and Kashmir . The United States and Europe each sent teams of doctors to Pakistan , each with one base camp deployed for a month . The Cubans deployed seven major base camps and 30 field hospitals in the fundamentalist Islamic region of Pakistan , a nation with which Cuba did not have diplomatic relations at the time . Today , the Cubans and Pakistanis have embassies in each other 's capitals . Bruno Rodriguez , the new foreign minister of Cuba , who was then the deputy , headed the mission and lived in Pakistan 's rugged mountains for that full year . The Cuban medical teams reportedly worked constructively and positively with personnel from the U.S. and Europe -- and this kind of collaboration , even if informal , could be the kind of confidence-building narrative to move U.S.-Cuba relations out of the gridlock they have been in for decades . As a step in the direction of pushing reset in this relationship , on Friday the White House announced that Cuba will allow US aircraft into its airspace for medical evacuations . The United States could take another step and offer to airlift Cuban doctors to Haiti . Haiti is in trouble today -- the 7.0 earthquake devastating the capital city of Port-au-Prince and highlighting what was already a human development disaster . The UN Development Program 's offices have been destroyed , with hundreds unaccounted for . Notwithstanding any casualties among its own citizens in Haiti , Cuba has 408 doctors providing services there . Now is the time for the U.S. , Cuba and other major Latin American nations to throw their weight into stopping a worse human tragedy in Haiti than already exists -- and to potentially unite American and Cuban soft power efforts in a way that creates greater positives for Haiti and for longer-term , 21st century U.S.-Cuba relations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Clemons .	Steve Clemons says Cuba has exported medical help for nations grappling with disasters He says the United States refused Cuban aid during the Katrina rescue operation The Haiti quake is an opportunity for U.S. and Cuba to work together , he says
CNN  -- Africa is a land under construction . Last year , over $ 220 billion was spent on all kinds of building projects in the continent . While foreign architects have clamored to make their mark in the region , a range of local talent has also stepped forward to shape their landscape  and in some cases , export their aesthetic abroad  . "  Africa is constantly looking to the North . It does n't always look in its own backyard , but the truth is , there 's a lot of very good indigenous knowledge on the continent , " says Iain Low , a professor of architecture at the University of Cape Town and editor the South African edition of Architectural Digest . In celebration of that knowledge , we take a look at some of Africa 's most exciting contemporary architects . David Adjaye Born in Tanzania , "  starchitect " David Adjaye is the son of a Ghanaian diplomat and spent his childhood traveling the globe before settling in Britain at the age of nine . The multi-award winning architect  he has scooped up numerous accolades from both the Royal Institute of British Architects and the American Institute of Architects  has been tapped for a number of high-profile projects over the years , most recently the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington DC and the Mass Extinction Memorial Observatory in the Isle of Portland , England . Though Adjaye 's projects span the globe , he has numerous projects in Africa , including designing the Princes Town resort , in Ghana . In 2012 , he opened an office in Ghana 's capital , Accra . Kunle Adeyemi Kunle Adeyemi , the Nigerian-born founder of NLE Architects , made waves last year with the completion of one of his designs : a floating , three-story A-frame school built in Makoko , a slum on the waterfront of Lagos , Nigeria . Bobbing on top of about 250 empty barrels , the school is designed to avoid many of the problems associated with frequently rising water levels . The structure is also green : it makes use of rainwater collection , and solar panels provide the electricity . Though the school accommodates a mere 100 elementary school children , it has potential to act as a model for water-bound communities the world over . "  It did n't start as a big idea , I was trying to solve a small problem the community had . I realized the problem I was trying to solve was a problem for a larger part of the world , " Adeymi told CNN last year . "  We 're now seeing people take interest in this across Africa . " Diebedo Francis Kere Diebedo Francis Kere 's humble beginnings in the small village of Gando , Burkina Faso , have granted him a useful alternate perspective on the architectural needs of his countrymen . "  Kere is deeply grounded in the values of African society , " says Low . "  He 's really the one person trying to transcend tradition and find a new kind of direction that locates architecture within the global self . " Though his firm , Kere Architecture , is based in Berlin , he is also committed to reinvesting his knowledge back into his home country . Burkina Faso 's landscape is dotted with schools he designed -- a revolutionary approach that replaces concrete with earth bricks and employs a corrugated steel roof that is raised to allow air for better circulation . The idea is twofold : firstly , a cooler classroom will help improve the student 's concentration . Secondly , by employing local materials and labor , Kere helps empower the local community . His efforts have earned him a series of awards , including the prestigious Aga Khan Award for Architecture . Mokena Makeka For Cape Town architect Mokena Makeka , design is not merely aesthetic ; it 's democratizing . In both his redesign of the Railway Police Station and the Cape Town Railway Station , Makeka has been significant in putting forth a post-apartheid aesthetic  for example , for the railway station he removed the two separate entrances that -- during the apartheid era -- had been used used to segregate black and white passengers  . Makeka Design Lab , of which Makeka is the principal and founder , has been the recipient of several awards , including two Merit Awards from the Cape Institute for Architecture . Though Cape Town is still very close to Makeka 's heart , he dreams of having international influence as well . In 2008 , he was part of the prestigious Ordos 100  Herzog & de Meuron handpicked 100 architects globally to put forth designs for the industrial Chinese city  . Y Tsai Heading up the Y Tsai Design Studio , Cape Town architect Y Tsai also believes in using architecture as a means of social reform . In 2012 , he won a Loerie Award for converting an old shipping container into a classroom in rural South Africa . The colorful classroom featured an outdoor jungle gym , windows to allow for cross ventilation , a steel roof that can collect rain water , and an outdoor amphitheater for school events . "  Tsai does a lot of really interesting , innovative work with containers , " notes Low . Read this : Africa 's hottest new fashion designers Mick Pearce Zimbabwean architect Mick Pearce is a leader when it comes to environmental design . His mission has always been to create buildings that are not only sustainable , but low-maintenance , low-cost and which blend into their natural surroundings . Nature is often a great source of inspiration for Pearce . One of his best-known buildings , for instance , the Eastgate Shopping Center in Harare , Zimbabwe , employed a sustainable temperature control system , using tubes in the walls to move air through the building , based on the system employed by termites . He used a similar model for CH2 , a mixed-use development in Melbourne , Australia . SAOTA Cape Town-based SAOTA -- manned by partners Stefan Antoni , Philip Olmesdahl and Greg Truen -- has become synonymous with sleek , contemporary , high-end design . The firm does a good business in high-end resorts , swank private residences and glimmering commercial centers . "  Their architecture is very glam , very Wallpaper-ish , " says Low . "  They have built for a lot of African clients , mainly the elite . " The studio , which has a team of 90 designers and technicians , an in-house CGI team and a branch dedicated to furniture and interior design , has pulled in a slew of awards . Most recently , they won an Award of Excellence and an Award of Merit from the South African Institute of Architects for a vacation house in Voelklip , in the Western Cape , a luxurious residence with a large garden and courtyard pool that measures a mere 45-feet wide . Nina Cohen and Fiona Garson South African architects Nina Cohen and Fiona Garson could very well be in line for some awards this year for renovating a former gas station , car dealership and dental school into the Wits Art Museum , according to Low : "  They turned it into something beautiful and poetic , " he says .	African architectural talent is on the rise in the continent "  Starchitect " David Adjaye has earned international design awards Kunle Adeyemi and Diebedo Francis Kere are among those earning global acclaim
