Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- They answered the call by the thousands , some walking miles in sweltering heat to volunteer to fight an al Qaeda splinter group barreling towards the Iraqi capital . With reports that fighters with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the terror group also known as ISIS , was some 40 miles from the gates of Baghdad , the country 's top religious and political leaders appealed for able-bodied men of fighting age to volunteer to defend the country . "  Mosul , Tal Afar , Falluja , wherever , by God 's will we will be ready to defend any location , " said 23-year-old Ahmed , who showed up Thursday at a recruiting station in central Baghdad , one of dozens that have popped up across the country in recent days to handle the influx of volunteers . Ahmed , who gave only his first name , was joined by hundreds of men , mostly Shiites in their 20s , at the Muthanna Airbase , where they waited under a makeshift canopy for their chance to sign up . "  What 's happening is sabotage . Those terrorists must be driven out , and by God 's will they will be driven out , " he said . ISIS ' lightning advance in Iraq has been aided by support from many Sunnis who say they have been pushed aside and marginalized by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government , a divide that threatens to tear the country apart . ISIS , aided by Sunni fighters , seized Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , and then threatened to march on Baghdad . The militants ' rapid advance -- and the total collapse of Iraq 's security forces in the face of their assault in Mosul and a number of other smaller cities and towns -- have rocked al-Maliki 's government . While the aim of ISIS is to establish an Islamic state that stretches from Iraq to northern Syria , where it has had significant success in battling Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces , it has made al-Maliki 's removal from power part of its campaign . Last week , as ISIS fighters neared Samarra , home to a revered Shiite shrine , al-Maliki took to the airwaves to call on volunteers to protect the city north of Baghdad . That was followed by Iraq 's top cleric , Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , appeal to people to join the military to protect Shiite shrines , a call that saw a massive outpouring of Shiite volunteers that raised concerns about the possible widening of the sectarian conflict . During Friday prayers , a sermon delivered by a senior cleric and representative of al-Sistani called for all Muslim sects to stand together in the fight against ISIS . "  Last week , the higher religious authority called upon Iraqis to volunteer to join the armed forces to defend Iraq in these difficult conditions , " Imam Sayid Ahmed al-Safi said during prayers in the Shiite holy city of Karbala . "  This call was directed to everybody and not to one sect , it aimed to prepare to stand up to ISIS that has got the upper hand and strongest presence in many areas and that has declared that it is targeting other provinces including the holy Najaf and Karbala and other places within its reach like holy places and shrines of holy people and imams of all religions . " Despite the widespread call , the volunteers signing up at the Muthanna Airbase were predominantly Shiite . "  I volunteered to preserve the people , and as a response to request of Ayatollah Sistani , " Saif Saad , 25 , said . "  We are here to serve the people , and get rid of ISIS . " Every so often , an officer ticked off the names of 10 men on a list . Each group headed into a beige , cramped building where they were give a cursory medical screening , including eye and dental exams . "  They will call or text us , and then we will put on uniforms and go to the front line , " Saad said . The volunteers , who have been told they will receive a salary commiserate with soldiers in the Iraqi military , will get some training . It depends , Gen. Fadhil Abdul Sahib said , on the "  tactical situation . " "  Maybe a few days , maybe a month , " he said . With his medical exam completed , now Saad must wait . He says he 's not worried . "  We are here with ... courage because we are here to drive out terrorism from this country . " CNN 's Susan Chun and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraq 's top religious and political leaders call for volunteers to defend against ISIS Thousands -- mostly young Shiites -- answer the call "  Those terrorists must be driven out , and by God 's will they will be driven out , " says a volunteer
CNN  -- While honoring a group of servicemen last night , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met a very special little guest . Looking at ease , Prince William gazed adoringly at three-week-old Hugo Eric Scott as he spoke to his father , Sgt Paul ` Vic ' Vicary , a serviceman who had taken part in an expedition to the South Pole . Vicary 's wife Hanna asked the Duke if he would like to hold the baby and William happily obliged , calmly cradling the newborn dressed in a ` superbaby ' outfit . Later , his wife , Kate also met little Hugo and spoke animatedly with his proud parents . She described him as "  very cute , " Vicary later told CNN 's royal correspondent , Max Foster . After meeting the royal couple , Hugo 's father said the second-in-line to the throne seemed like a natural and joked that he might call on Prince William if he ever needs a babysitter . The event held at Goldsmiths ' Hall in London marked the return of the soldiers who had recreated the well-known Scott-Amundsen race to the South Pole one hundred years ago . The expedition , of which the Duke of Cambridge is the patron , was in aid of the British Royal Legion . The royal couple has had a busy year since their marriage almost one year ago . While Kate becomes used to life as a member of the royal family , joining the Queen for special events , Prince William has been kept busy by his RAF commitments . Most recently having been stationed for six weeks in the Falkland Islands .	Duke and Duchess of Cambridge meet servicemen returning from South Pole While there , they meet newborn Hugo Eric Scott The prince took the opportunity to cradle the baby as he spoke to his proud parents
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- In a rare interview , Fidel Castro gives new details about his health four years ago when emergency surgery forced him out of power , saying he did n't think he would make it and still has difficulty walking . "  I was at death 's door , " he told the director of the left-wing Mexican newspaper La Jornada in an article published Monday . "  I did n't aspire to live , much less anything else . " "  I asked myself many times if  doctors  were going to let me live in these conditions or let me die , " he said . The 84-year-old did not , however , provide any details about what illnesses he suffered from . Cuban state TV read aloud a letter from Castro on July 31 , 2006 , announcing he was handing power to his younger brother Raul Castro . He disappeared from public view amid repeated rumors he had died . He later started writing essays for state media and appeared in occasional photos . Last month , Castro re-appeared in public to urge the United States to prevent what he sees as an imminent nuclear war with Iran . While he appears frequently on Cuban TV , he rarely grants interviews to the international media . Castro said at his lowest point his weight fell to 66 kilos  about 145 pounds  but that he was now weighing in at almost 86 kilos  about 190 pounds  . "  I want to tell you that you are looking at someone who has come back from the dead , " he said in the interview . "  This morning I succeeded in walking 600 steps alone , without a cane , without help . " According to the article , Castro "  devours " books and reads up to 300 news articles a day . When asked why all this activity , he replied : "  I do n't want to be absent in these days . The world is in its most interesting and dangerous phase of existence and I am committed to what is going to happen . I still have things to do . " Castro said he wants to form an anti-war movement to deter a nuclear standoff . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	In a rare interview , Fidel Castro describes his illness four years ago He handed over power to younger brother Raul Castro then as he underwent surgery Fidel says he was "  at death 's door , " but he does not offer details about his illness
President Obama slipped into the role of comedian-in-chief Saturday night and took jabs at journalists , lawmakers , celebrities and -- most pointedly -- his own administration 's botched rollout of HealthCare.gov . Remarks that would have otherwise put him in hot water drew applause at the annual White House Correspondents ' Association dinner from an audience comprising some of the most famous faces in politics , entertainment and sports . The dinner is known in Washington circles as "  nerd prom . " "  Of course , we rolled out HealthCare.gov , " Obama said of his tough year in 2013 . "  That could have gone better . " "  In 2008 , my slogan was ` Yes we can . ' In 2013 , my slogan was control-alt-delete , " Obama said . A poster for Walt Disney 's animated hit "  Frozen " flashed onto the large video screens in the ballroom , to which the president quipped that the launch of the online enrollment portal of Obamacare had been turned into one of the year 's biggest movies . After tickling funny bones with 20 minutes worth of jokes , Obama returned to the troubled rollout . Sebilius self-depricates The president said he 'd prepared a separate , short video thanking the White House Correspondents ' Association for all their hard work as the organization celebrated its centennial anniversary in 2014 . When the video choked and froze , Obama called out for help . "  Does anybody know how to fix this ? " Former Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , who was bitterly criticized over the HealthCare.gov botch , rushed up to join Obama onstage . "  I got this . I see it all the time , " Sebelius said , as she appeared to set a small laptop down on the podium . Sebelius punched in a few keystrokes in dramatic fashion , and Obama 's video began to play as originally intended . Comedian and actor Joel McHale , who spoke after Obama as the evening 's entertainment , also targeted the once-troubled Obamacare site . "  The launch of HealthCare.gov was a disaster . It was so bad , " McHale said , speaking directly to the President . "  I do n't even have an analogy because the website is now the thing people use to describe other bad things . "  They say things like , ' I should n't have eaten that sushi , because I was up all night HealthCare.gov-ing . ' " The president and McHale also used fodder from current headlines for many of their best moments of the night . Here are some of the highlights . Christie 's bridge troubles After taking a jab at drawn out legislative battles with Washington lawmaker Ted Cruz , Obama joked that "  gridlock has gotten so bad in this town , you have to wonder : What 'd we do to piss off Chris Christie so bad ? " "  Finally , a politician who is willing to stand up to America 's commuters , " McHale said of Christie , who chuckled along in the audience . Shirtless Putin Obama sought to turn recent conservative criticism of his foreign policy on its head by pointing out past compliments Putin has received from Pat Buchanan and Rudy Giuliani . In a dig at conservative pundits , Obama said , "  Mike Huckabee and Sean Hannity keep talking about Putin 's bare chest -- which is kind of weird . Look it up . They talk about it a lot . " McHale used the crisis in Ukraine to give Obama some foreign policy advice . "  You have to show a guy like that you 're just as crazy as he is . He invades Crimea , you invade Cancun , " the comedian told the President . Dousing the news media Both men used the occasion to declare open season on the media , including CNN and its recent extensive coverage of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Obama told the audience he was a little jet-lagged from his recent trip to Asia which included a stop in Malaysia . "  The lengths we have to go to , to get CNN coverage these days , " the President said , adding , "  I think they 're still searching for their table . " McHale was no kinder . After remarking that the White House Correspondents ' Association celebrates its 100th anniversary this year , McHale joked , "  100 years ago , CNN was only searching for the Wright brothers ' plane . " Obama also took a shot at MSNBC 's ratings in the large , full ballroom . "  MSNBC is here . They 're a little overwhelmed . They 've never seen an audience this big before . " As for Fox News , the President joked that the cable outlet was a front for the Koch brothers , a pair of billionaire industrialists known for their monetary contributions to conservative groups and causes . "  I 'm just kidding , " Obama added , "  Let 's face it , Fox . You 'll miss me when I 'm gone . It 'll be harder to convince the American people that Hillary was born in Kenya . " Racial tightrope walk Obama played on skin color while taking a stab at House Speaker John Boehner , who has antagonized Obama on many issues in the last few years and who has his own host of problems with the conservative members of the House Republican Caucus . "  These days the House Republicans actually give John Boehner a harder time than they give me -- which means orange really is the new black , " Obama said making a simultaneous reference to the popular Netflix series and to Boehner 's legendary tan . McHale walked the tightrope on race in a quip that is apt to draw some criticism when the sun comes up Sunday . The comedian is the host of "  The Soup " on the E! Entertainment channel . "  E! is also home to the Kardashians , who believe it or not , are Republicans , " McHale said , "  And I know that because they 're always trying to screw black people . " The joke seemed to draw more smarting moans from the audience than laughs . Some serious stuff Although the night is typically a light-hearted affair full of jokes , food , and posing for photos , discussion of serious news intruded on the red carpet . News legend Barbara Walters spoke to CNN about her exclusive interview with V. Stiviano , the woman at the center of the racial scandal that has embroiled L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling . "  I think she wanted to do it , " Walters told CNN when asked how she landed a sit-down with Stiviano , "  I think she wanted to be heard . I think she feels there have been a lot of bad things said about her and this was her chance to show that she was intelligent . " The annual event , which has attracted a substantial Hollywood contingent since Bill Clinton was President in the early 1990s , is taking place this year at a time when politically themed shows -- ABC 's "  Scandal , " HBO 's "  Veep " and Netflix 's "  House of Cards " -- are prevalent in popular culture . CNN Political Commentator Ben Ferguson summed up how the annual event seemed to upend pop culture 's normal pecking order . "  This is the only place where Wolf Blitzer can actually be the hot ticket for a Hollywood star ... This is like revenge of every guy who ever went and studied hard in college , " Ferguson said . "  In what world does this happen ? " As to whether partisanship gets stirred up , S.E. Cupp of CNN 's "  Crossfire " said , "  Actually , tonight we 've decided to put politics aside , laugh at our own expense , rib each other , and just have a good night . " "  That 's what this is all about , " CNN Political Analyst John Avlon said of the rare truce between the hosts on the left and the right of program . "  There 's so much humor in politics but you would n't know it because people do n't laugh at it , " he said , "  so it 's a good night for that . " "  This is Hollywood for ugly people , " Avlon added , using a familiar description Washingtonians often use to describe their city . Also spotted on the red carpet by CNN before the dinner began : "  Scandal 's " Tony Goldwyn , Scott Foley , Joe Morton , Bellamy Young and Dan Bucatinsky ; Sens. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and John McCain , R-Arizona ; Attorney General Eric Holder ; Cynthia Nixon ; Patrick Stewart ; Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ; Washington "  fixer " Judy Smith ; Tim Tebow ; Frida Pinto ; IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde ; Katie Couric ; Richard Marx and the Winklevoss twins . Also in attendance were CNN 's Jim Acosta , Michelle Kosinski , Dana Bash and Brianna Keilar . The annual event is a fundraiser for "  scholarships for aspiring journalists and awards recognizing excellence in the  journalism  profession , " according to the website of the White House Correspondents ' Association , the organization that sponsors the dinner . The WHCA "  works to maintain independent news media coverage of the president , advocating for access , handling logistics for pools of reporters who stay close to the president and those who travel with him , and providing scholarships to journalism students , " the website says . The annual dinner began in 1920 .	Joel McHale makes off-color Kardashian joke Obama make fun of Boehner 's tan , calls orange "  the new black " Former HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius made an appearance The White House Correspondents ' Dinner is known in Washington circles as "  nerd prom "
CNN  -- "  Hey batter , hey batter , batter -- swing ! " That 's the chant my grade-school girlfriends and I would scream from the wooden bleachers at all the neighborhood Little League games . For maximum impact it was crucial to scream "  Swing ! " at the precise moment the ball crossed the plate . The goal was to intimidate batters to blindly swing and miss . Our chants were loudest when my little brother , Rod , was on the pitching mound . He was a scrawny kid but he was a lefty so his coach sometimes let him pitch . Rod was n't easy to hit off of and if he could strike out a few batters , we knew our neighborhood reps were safe for another day . So my girls and I cheered like our lives depended on it . But honestly , many of us wanted to be more than "  bleacher creatures . " We wanted a piece of the action . Not possible . Little League back then had a strict no-girls-allowed policy . My brother could dream of being Hall of Famer first baseman Carl "  Yaz " Yastrzemski and playing for his beloved Red Sox . We had to be happy as the rowdy pep squad . And the unfairness of this rule did n't slip by us . Especially because many of us girls held our own , and better , against the neighborhood boys during our co-ed games of sandlot stick ball , baseball , football and just about every other sport . Still , none of us or our families challenged this discriminatory rule . That 's just the way things were back then . So I could n't help but feel not only joyful but a sense of redemption as I watched Little League phenom Mo ` ne Davis light up the field and shut down batters with her beautiful shutout on August 15th , in the opening game for her Philadelphia Little League team . Her feat was a first for a girl playing Little League . At 13 years old , Davis is sweet revenge for all of us not-so-young-now sisters who ever wished we could grace the Little League field or imagined making it to the Big Leagues . And while all eyes were on Mo ` ne -- primarily because her games were broadcast on ESPN -- thousands of other girls across the nation play Little League today . It was 1974 , in the thick of the Women 's Rights Movement , that Little League softball for girls was created , and the baseball rules and regulations all of Little League were made non-gender-specific . Two years earlier , Title IX of the Education Amendments had been signed into law by Richard Nixon . The education law gave women greater opportunities to receive scholarships and funding for college athletics . But Title IX has been challenged for decades and gender discrimination in sports remains a continuous battle . It 's thanks to courageous young athletes like Mo ` ne and the coaches who recognize their potential who are breaking down gender stereotypes . And in Little League , girls are finally making their mark . "  I started recruiting girls my first year as a coach in 1992 , " said John Satti , who has been involved with Little League in New London , Connecticut , for the past 23 years . "  My first year , I was short about five players . So I knocked on doors and asked parents if their kids wanted to play . If girls want to play , they should be allowed to play . I 've had girls on most of my teams , and women on my coaching staffs and we 've won , " said Satti . It has n't been easy to persuade girls to try out for baseball , he said . Most girls choose softball and many parents still steer their kids into traditional gender activities . Satti said : "  When I ask parents about letting their girls play I usually get , "  Oh no , she 's a dancer , " or a cheerleader . " His daughters not only all played baseball , but were wrestlers as well . Are your children redefining gender roles ? Share your story with CNN iReport Satti thinks Mo ` ne Davis success is a game changer . "  Her appearance absolutely changes things for girls . It shows the world that girls can play baseball at the Little League level . It will bring more girls into the game . It 's phenomenal . " Last night , South Korea won the Little League World Series . Mo ` ne 's Philadelphia team fell out of contention when it lost to a team from Chicago last week . But Mo'one 's star shines on . Madison Avenue marketers are eager to turn her into a commodity immediately , even if it puts her hopes of playing sports in college in jeopardy . The experts are hedging bets on how much money the eighth-grader can earn in endorsement deals . "  What 's she worth today , $ 500,000 , $ 100,000 ? " the experts ask . A baseball she signed in the afterglow of her perfect game fetched a shocking $ 510 on eBay . Can she be packaged into "  America 's Top Role Model " ? Can she help sell the next cool gadget to kids across the country ? Hungry for a happy story , the television networks are all clamoring to interview Davis . I 'm hoping she and her family wo n't get sucked into the hype . The limelight is a cruel stage , especially for children . And something is wrong when the world is pressuring a 13-year-old to cash in quick just because she 's earned a little respect and TV time for playing a sport she loves . My bet is Mo ` ne Davis is just getting started . A girl with her determination and talent is destined to do far greater things with her life than throw a pitch over the plate at 70 mph . Let 's step back , give her room to soar and see what she can really accomplish . Luckily , her parents seem to be thinking clearly . "  At the end of the day , she has a dream to play -LSB- basketball -RSB- for UConn , so we 're not taking anything until we 're clear on that , because her dream is her dream , " Mark Williams , Davis ' stepfather , told The New York Times recently . "  That 's her decision . ... None of us would like to ruin that dream . " Mo ` ne does n't need a slick marketing campaign to tell the world she 's a role model . She 's already changed lives and planted seeds of hope for millions of young girls around the world . And that is priceless . Simply by having the courage to step onto that mound , dominate her competitors , and , yes , even handle defeat with class , Davis has inspired more young girls than we 'll ever know -- and even a few big girls like me .	13-year-old phenom pitcher Mo ` ne Davis ' shutout a first for a girl playing Little League Roxanne Jones : Mo ` ne a joy for all Bleacher Creatures who were n't allowed to play Jones : Mo ` ne is game changer in breaking down gender stereotypes in baseball Jones : Marketers want to make her into a commodity , but she 's a role model on her own
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , wore an outfit from designer Britt Lintner to greet President Obama and his wife , Michelle , while Michelle Obama wore J.Crew , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Sarah Brown , left , wears a dress from an American designer . Michelle Obama wears J.Crew . Both women later changed and wore other designer outfits for the formal pre-G-20 summit dinner at 10 Downing Street , the British prime minister 's official residence . Wednesday morning , Sarah Brown wore a one-of-a-kind navy dress with red lining by the American-born Lintner , a spokeswoman for 10 Downing Street said . The designer specially made the dress in navy for Brown , but retails the garment in black for $ 720 , Lintner said . Michelle Obama 's outfit included a $ 158 green skirt and $ 298 bead and rhinestone cardigan from J.Crew , the store 's Web site showed . Brown also wore a pair of Astley Clarke earrings , according to a spokeswoman from 10 Downing Street . The Astley Clarke Web site sells earrings from less than $ 100 to more than $ 10,000 . The first ladies ' choices of outfits during this summit are being closely watched by the world 's media , both in terms of style and comparative cost . Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves and receive no clothing allowance , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Lintner first designed a dress for Brown for the British Fashion Council Awards in November 2007 , Lintner said . She sells to clients only through her West London studio and said she started her company out of frustration over the selection of workwear available for women . Although the clothes are expensive , she said , they are made to last . This is not the first time Michelle Obama has chosen an "  off the rack " outfit . She has worn J.Crew before , including in American Vogue . When appearing on "  The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno , she wore a J.Crew ensemble , on which she commented , "  You get some good stuff online . " After the photo call , Obama and Brown visited Maggie 's Cancer Caring Center , where Brown is a patron . The spouses of the G-20 leaders have several events scheduled during their stay in London . On Tuesday , Brown will be host of a dinner for G-20 spouses . The dinner will take place at No. 11 Downing Street , the London residence of the chancellor of the exchequer , while the G-20 leaders take a working dinner next door at No. 10 . As well as the spouses of the G-20 leaders , prominent women in British sport , arts , fashion , charity and business are also expected to attend . Downing Street has said those invited are "  all intended to show off British talent . " Those invited include "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling , supermodel Naomi Campbell and Olympic gold medal runner Kelly Holmes . Downing Street sources said Michelle Obama will be seated between Holmes and Rowling . The spouses also will visit the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , London . They are expected to watch some short performances of opera and ballet , the Prime Minister 's Press Office said .	Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , greets dignitaries in American designer 's outfit Michelle Obama wears J.Crew at London , England , summit Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves
CNN  -- Iranian forces have launched a fresh offensive against Kurdish rebels , with a senior military commander telling a state-run news agency Saturday that 30 rebels were killed or injured in the operation . Col. Hamid Ahmad , with the Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards corps , told the official Islamic Republic News Agency that the effort began Friday afternoon in the northwest part of the Middle Eastern nation in an area bordering Iraq . He described the mission as ongoing . "  The major operation against  Party of Free Life of Kurdistan , or PJAK  agents in the northwest borders will continue until the purification of the region from terrorists , " Ahmad said . It was not clear in the state-run news agency report whether the rebels crossed from Iraq into Iran . Iranian forces have repeatedly shelled the border area between Iran and Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region , targeting Kurdish rebels who say they want their own independent country . Blaming PJAK for violating a ceasefire , Ahmad said that two Kurds who were protecting the group 's members had been killed in the latest offensive . Revolutionary Guard troops also "  killed , injured and arrested tens of terrorists " and destroyed a rebel camp near the city of Sardasht , the news agency reported . Sardasht is a predominately Kurdish town that sits on the Iran-Iraq border . The military operation includes about 5,000 Iranian troops in the northwest part of the country , and comes two months after Iranian forces reportedly captured "  several teams of PJAK  members  who intended to infiltrate Iran to stage terrorist operations , " claims IRNA . Like Turkey and Iraq , Iranian forces have had repeated battles with ethnic Kurdish fighters . The PJAK group is part of an alliance of Kurdish rebel groups that includes the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which conducts attacks against Turkey from northern Iraq . This group is considered a terror group by the United States , though the IRNA report claims that Iranian officials repeatedly have complained such Kurdish rebels are being supported by Washington .	A Revolutionary Guard commander tells IRNA an operation was launched Friday "  Tens of terrorists " were killed , injured or arrested in northwest Iran , he says The targets are members of the Party of Free Like of Kurdistan , which is linked to the PKK
CNN  -- It 's one win for Darrell Wallace Jr. , but what will it mean for other African-American race car drivers -- present and future ? The answer to that question might not come for years . Nonetheless , NASCAR wasted no time Saturday in hailing Wallace 's on-track success at Martinsville Speedway in southern Virginia . "  We congratulate Darrell Wallace Jr. on his first national series victory , one that will be remembered as a remarkable moment in our sport 's history , " said NASCAR chairman and CEO Brian France . Wallace took the Kroger 200 on the racing circuit 's Camping World Truck Series , which is on NASCAR 's third tier . Still , it is notable given that no African-American has won any NASCAR national series race since December 1 , 1963 , when Wendell Scott became the first ever to win a race at NASCAR 's top level , in a victory at Speedway Park in Jacksonville , Florida . Scott , a Virginia native who served in the Army during World War II , raced in more than 500 races during his career -- finishing in the top five 20 times , though that would be his only victory . Plus , the 20-year-old Wallace is n't just any driver . He 's a highly touted graduate of the NASCAR Drive for Diversity , having been featured in numerous local and national publications . The Mobile , Alabama , native -- who lives in Concord , North Carolina -- won in his 19th start on Camping World Truck circuit . In 10 of his first 18 starts , he finished in the top 10 . Shortly after the Martinsville race ended , Wallace -- using his twitter handle @BubbaWallace -- reveled in the victory . He wrote : "  We Came . We Saw . We Conquered . " CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We Came . We Saw . We Conquered , " Wallace tweets Darrell Wallace Jr. wins a third-tier NASCAR race in Martinsville It 's the first NASCAR national series win for an African-African since 1963 NASCAR 's CEO says the win "  will be remembered ... in our sport 's history "
CNN  -- Bayern Munich continued their fast start to the Bundesliga season with a 6-1 rout of ten-man VfB Stuttgart Sunday to top the early standings . With two wins from two , the Bavarian giants have edged out Eintracht Frankfurt on goal difference and they served up a real treat for their fans in the Allianz Arena . Stuttgart went ahead with a superb strike from Martin Harnik , but Thomas Mueller equalized with the first of his two goals . His German international teammate Toni Kroos added a second with Luis Gustavo scoring the third before the break . Three Bayern goals in four minutes soon after the break added to Stuttgart 's misery with Mario Mandzukic , Mueller and Bastian Schweinsteiger scoring . Visiting striker Vedad Ibisevic was shown red for headbutting Bayern 's Jerome Boateng before new home signing Javi Martinez came on for the last 13 minutes having transferred from Athletic Bilbao for 40 million euros  $ 50.3 m  Thursday . "  He has already hinted that he can play well , I think he is exactly the sort of player we need , " Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes told AFP . "  We made life hard for ourselves in the first few minutes , then little by little we took control of the game and played outstandingly well . " Earlier , Felix Magath 's Wolfsburg were thrashed 4-0 at home by Hannover and had defender Robin Knoche sent off in the second half . Tunisia defender Karim Haggui put Hannover ahead after only 10 minutes before Poland 's Artur Sobiech added the second on 26 minutes . Dane Leon Andreasen and Sobiech with his second made it 4-0 before Knoche departed for a second yellow card . In Italy , Turin giants Juventus have also made a fine start to the season with their second straight win -- beating Udinese 4-1 . The reigning champions are having to do without coach Antonio Conte , who has a 10-month touchline ban for failing to give information about match fixing when at his previous club Siena . Conte is appealing the ban and spent the game at Udinese 's Stadio Friuli high in the stands . He watched as Udinese goalkeeper Zelijko Brkic was sent off for giving away a 12th minute penalty . Arturo Vidal scored from the spot kick and Marko Vucinic added the second on 39 minutes . Striker Sebastien Giovinco scored a second half double before a late consolation from the home side from Andrea Lazzari . AS Roma also prospered with a 3-1 win at Inter Milan , going ahead in the 15th minute through Alessandro Florenzi . New Inter arrival Antonio Cassano leveled before goals from Daniel Osvaldo and Marquinho gave the visitors the three points , Osvaldo 's dismissal in stoppage time the only blot on a fine performance .	Bayern Munich beat VfB Stuttgart 6-1 to top Bundesliga Thomas Mueller scores twice for Bavarian giants in rout Felix Magath 's Wolfsburg suffer 4-0 home defeat to Hannover Champions Juventus set pace in Serie A with 4-1 win at Udinese
CNN  -- Donald Glover was apparently just feeling all of his feelings . Or as his character Troy might say , "  My emotions ! " After posting a series of notes via Instagram in which he shared some of his fears , the 30-year-old "  Community " actor told People magazine that he "  just wanted to write down my feelings . I definitely was just expressing myself . " He is not , he explained , depressed . "  If I 'm depressed , everybody 's depressed , " he says . "  I do n't think those feelings are that different from what everybody 's feeling . Most people just do n't tell everybody . " Glover 's notes covered a wide range of his worries , including his concern for his future and his worry that he may be "  letting everyone down . " Without elaborating on a potential illness , Glover said he has been "  sick this year " and has been feeling helpless . "  I was just tired of telling people I was tired . It felt like every day someone would ask , ` What 's wrong . Are you OK ? ' " Glover told People "  And I would say , ` I 'm tired , I 'm tired . ' I did n't want to do that anymore . I guess sometimes not telling the truth is just as bad as telling a lie . " The actor said he does n't regret sharing his emotions at the time . "  I 'm glad people saw it . I feel like I got some stuff out there , " he said . "  I got it off my chest . It felt like I had been holding on to something . "	"  Community " actor Glover says he 's not depressed The actor had posted notes about his fears on Instagram He says he 's glad he got it off his chest
CNN  -- After Denise Honeycutt sashayed down the catwalk modeling a sleek sleeveless black dress with a blue lace jacket , she felt so good she bought the outfit . A model walks the runway at the Arlington United Methodist Church fashion show in an outfit from Goodwill . "  I got those two pieces and a skirt for $ 20 , " she said . "  How 's that for a deal ? " Such bargains may not be haute couture , but during a recession they are a thrifty shopper 's dream . As budgets tighten during the economic crunch , buying used clothing is no longer just for fans of vintage wear . Many are discovering the hidden treasures in consignment shops , as well as thrift stores and other places once thought to be only for the destitute . That 's a message that Brendan Hurley , senior vice president of Marketing and Communications for Goodwill of Greater Washington , has been working hard to get out . Goodwill of Greater Washington provided the fashions Honeycutt modeled for the show at the Arlington United Methodist Church in Arlington , Virginia , and has been actively campaigning to spread the word that Goodwill fashion is contemporary and hot . "  Most people have a misunderstanding of Goodwill 's mission and they believe that our mission is to sell inexpensive merchandise to the poor , " Hurley said . "  In fact , Goodwill 's mission is to provide job training and employment services to people with disadvantages and disabilities . We just happen to fund that mission through the resale of donated items at our retail stores . " To change the negative perception , Hurley said that four years ago they started a campaign to make the stores more appealing as a source of inexpensive fashions by holding virtual and live fashion shows . See one of Goodwill 's fashion shows " Hurley said things really took off after they launched a viral marketing campaign and the very successful DCGoodWillFashions blog . Em Hall is the retail marketing manager who blogs as the DC Goodwill Fashionista in a gig that has become so high-profile that she was invited to blog this year from Fashion Week in New York . About once a month on average , Hall and her team put together "  travel and trunk shows " where they pull merchandise from their nine stores , put them on rolling racks and take them to events for attendees to shop . People respond to the great prices and selection as well as the opportunity to recycle by buying someone 's gently used clothing , Hall said . iReport.com : Tell us about your thrift fashions "  The response has been tremendous , " Hall said . "  We know that finding that treasure at Goodwill , finding that vintage piece , really resonates with people . " Across the country , Goodwill stores have launched several creative ideas to attract divas  or divos  who may have more style than funds . Goodwill Industries of Michiana Inc. of South Bend , Indiana , has "  Boutique Days , " where they work with local fashion reporter and consultant Kathy Friend to raise awareness that Goodwill can be an excellent resource for brand name and designer clothing . Those who donate at least 20 clothing items receive an opportunity for a private consultation with Friend at a reduced rate . "  On a trip to Goodwill I 've found Chanel handbags still in the tissue paper and in Saks Fifth Avenue bags , " said Friend , who as part of her consultation teaches clients everything from how to spot signs of wear to how they can get pieces altered . "  I was like , are you kidding me ? " See examples of fashionable outfits from Goodwill " The Goodwill/Easter Seals program in Minnesota held a "  Second Runway " fashion show in February where 30 volunteer fashion designers took existing clothes from surrounding Goodwill stores and turned them into hip new outfits . The event attracted more than 500 attendees . "  We were given $ 50 and we could create up to three looks out of things we found at the Goodwill , " said designer Kristina Bell , who whipped up a cute little dress out of recycled T-shirts . "  I 've always been a thrifter , but now it 's a really good way to save money . " Someone else 's hard times can be a fashionista 's gain . Denise McShane owns McShane 's Exchange , whose two locations in the Chicago , Illinois , neighborhood of Lincoln Park have seen an uptick in those unloading their Prada and St. John . "  Business has really boomed , " McShane said . "  The bad news is that we are in a recession , but I absolutely have had a surge in consigners . " McShane said she offers those who still have a cash stash a bit of retail therapy during hard times . They can get great buys at a reduced rate . Such shops , known in the industry as resale stores , have long attracted quality merchandise , said Barbara Nell , owner of The Daisy Shop on Oak in Chicago . Nell said women are bringing in only the best for resale . "  Women seem to be cleaning their closets of their most luxurious items , " said Nell . "  It 's not just the bread and butter or staples of their wardrobe anymore . " iReporter Elizabeth McElherne scored a $ 25 mink coat in August at a shop in Fredericksburg , Virginia . Check out Elizabeth 's iReport on her find "  If you ca n't buy something new , you might as well recycle and buy someone else 's stuff , " McElherne said . "  I saw that coat and I said ` If it 's less than $ 100 I have to get it . ' " Nicole Mladic is the "  babe " behind the "  Budgeting Babe " blog for "  young , working women who want to spend like Carrie in a Jimmy Choo store but have a budget closer to Roseanne . " Mladic said she encourages her readers to not only shop thrift , but also to be generous in their giving . "  I make sure to thin out my wardrobe every so often , " she said . "  Any pieces that I am not wearing , I donate . " That type of generosity is much appreciated , especially in the current economy . Melissa Temme , a national spokeswoman for the Salvation Army , said that while the need for low-cost clothing is increasing , donations for such clothing have remained consistent and that could spell trouble . "  It means that down the road we may not be able to stock our shelves , " Temme said . "  In the long term , that 's a concern . " Katherine Ransom , communications manager for Goodwill of Orange County , California , said that as more people turn to thrift fashions to help stretch their dollars , they are discovering the clothing is a lot more current than they might have imagined . Ransom said even Hollywood types are getting in on the act , as wardrobe consultants for television shows and movies are also perusing the racks for good buys . A recently launched coupon campaign is bringing in even more shoppers , she said . "  People are saying ` I 've never done this before , but now is a good time to start , ' " said Ransom , whose organization launched shopgoodwill.com 10 years ago . It now includes merchandise from 77 Goodwill organizations around the country . "  They are taking advantage of the quality merchandise with really deep discounts . "	Buying used clothing gains popularity during a recession Consignment and thrift stores seeing increased business Goodwill and Salvation Army increasing visibility as fashion hot spots Shop owner : "  Women cleaning their closets of their most luxurious items "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Round two of the battle of the propofol experts started Thursday afternoon in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor as the defense anesthesiology expert began his testimony . When Dr. Paul White continues his testimony Friday , and he is expected to counter the conclusions of prosecution anesthesiologist Dr. Steven Shafer , whose earlier testimony spanned more than a week of Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . Dr. White said that after reviewing the reports , evidence and analysis from investigators in Jackson 's death he was not convinced Dr. Murray was responsible . "  I was somewhat perplexed at how a determination has been made that Dr. Murray was infusing propofol , " White said . "  It was n't obvious to me , I thought there were questions . " A drug-addiction specialist testified earlier Thursday that Jackson was "  probably addicted " to a powerful painkiller given him during frequent visits to a Beverly Hills dermatologist in the three months before his death . Dr. Robert Waldmon was called by the defense in an effort to show Jackson 's insomnia the day he died could have been caused by withdrawal from Demerol shots he was given along with botox injections , treatments that Dr. Murray did n't know about . White , who is the last witness before the defense rests , spent most of the first two hours establishing his credentials as one of the world 's foremost experts on the surgical anesthetic propofol , which the coroner ruled was the chief drug that killed Jackson . The personal and professional rivalry between Dr. White and Dr. Shafer played an odd role in Thursday 's testimony . White 's longtime friendship with Shafer has been tested during the Murray trial , including an incident last week that resulted in the judge scheduling a contempt-of-court hearing against White for next month . At one point Thursday , White suggested someone "  tell Dr. Shafer he needs to learn how to spell plasma , " because it was misspelled on a graph he created . White , however , attempted to downplay rivalry with Shafer when the judge mistakenly called White "  Dr. Shafer " for a second time . "  I take it as a compliment , actually , " White said . White and Shafer , who are on opposite sides in this trial , may have a new anesthesia product to develop as a result of their preparations to testify , White said . Both experts commissioned studies on the possibility that Jackson might have orally ingested the fatal dose of propofol , something they both have now ruled out . But they learned that propofol could be absorbed through the tissues of the mouth , White said . He and Shafer agreed during courthouse chats while waiting to testify that they might be able to develop a propofol lollipop as a "  non-invasive sedation device . " Shafer testified last week that he concluded the "  only scenario " that fits the scientific evidence is that Jackson was on an IV drip of propofol for three hours before his death and that Murray failed to notice when he stopped breathing . Shafer conceded that it was possible that Jackson , not Murray , could have been the one to open the drip to a fatal pace , but prosecutors contend it would make no difference in Murray 's guilt . The defense hopes the testimony from White and Waldmon , their last two witnesses , will convince jurors that Jackson gave himself the overdose of drugs that killed him while Murray was not watching . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was the result of "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with several sedatives . The defense theory is that a desperate Jackson , fearing his comeback concerts could be canceled unless he found elusive sleep , self-administered propofol that Murray was trying to wean him off of . Prosecutors contend Murray is responsible for his death even if he did not give him the final and fatal dose because he was criminally reckless in using the surgical anesthetic to help Jackson sleep without proper precautions . The defense contends Jackson became addicted to the painkiller Demerol through frequent visits to the Beverly Hills dermatology clinic of Dr. Arnold Klein in the months before his death . Murray was unaware of the addiction , and therefore unable to understand why he could not help Jackson sleep , the defense contends . During Thursday morning 's testimony by Dr. Waldmon , the addiction specialist , defense lawyer Ed Chernoff displayed Dr. Klein 's medical records for Jackson , kept under the name "  Omar Arnold . " The showed at least 24 visits from March 12 until June 22 , 2009 , three days before his death . The defense previously said Jackson was given 6,500 milligrams of Demerol at Klein 's clinic during those visits . Jackson received 900 milligrams of Demerol at Klein 's clinic over three days in early May , the records showed . Dr. Waldmon called the shots "  stiff doses . " Waldmon testified that from his review of those medical records and "  based on what is known of his public behavior that he was probably addicted " to Demerol . "  Six weeks of very frequent high-dose use would develop opioid dependence in any of us , " Waldmon said . The defense also sought to connect the Demerol shots to Jackson 's poor health at some rehearsals for his comeback concerts and at other times when he complained of being being hot and cold at the same time . Patients describe opioid withdrawal as like "  the worst case of influenza they ever had , " Waldmon said . While Demerol was not found in Jackson 's blood or body during his autopsy , the defense contends it played a major role in his death . His inability to sleep , which Murray was trying to resolve the day he died , could have been a direct symptom of his withdrawal from the drug . "  Anxiety , restlessness and insomnia " are "  very common " symptoms of Demerol withdrawal , Waldmon said . Jackson 's personal assistant , Michael Emir WIlliams , testified earlier that Jackson 's visits to Dr. Klein were "  very regular " in his last months of life . "  There were times he would go almost every day " to Klein 's office , and Jackson often appear intoxicated when he left , Jackson 's security chief Faheem Muhammad testified . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled earlier that while the defense could use Klein 's medical records , they could not call the doctor or his staff to testify in the trial .	NEW : Defense expert "  perplexed " by investigator 's conclusions Addiction specialist testifies Jackson was "  probably addicted " to Demerol Demerol withdrawal could 've caused Jackson 's insomnia , expert says Jury deliberations in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial could begin early next week
Washington  CNN  -- A Food and Drug Administration advisory committee said Wednesday that the agency should look at updated data on mercury amalgam dental fillings that may indicate possible medical problems for patients . The panel -- after hearing two days of testimony from experts , members of the public and dental professionals -- recommended the FDA look at information updated since the agency ruled in 2009 that the mercury in dental fillings is not harmful . Committee members noted , however , that the FDA 's decision was solid , based on information available at the time . The committee also stressed that more studies need to be done on amalgam fillings , especially in children . Public pressure prompted the panel 's review , initiated less than 18 months after the agency 's decision . Committee members listened to testimony by consumer and dental groups claiming the FDA used flawed science when it set the current guidelines for mercury safety levels . "  We need to see where the science is and if there are gaps . " said the panel 's chairwoman , Dr. Marjorie Jeffcoat , a dentist and researcher with the University of Pennsylvania . In its final rule , the FDA concluded clinical studies did not establish a causal link between dental amalgam and health problems in people age 6 and older . But it did add that developing fetuses and young children may be more sensitive to the neurotoxin . Amalgam tooth fillings are an alloy made up of various metals and 50 percent mercury , Mercury toxicity has been well documented , but when it comes to amalgam fillings there is n't a lot of data . Many dentists favor these fillings because they are cheap , easy to put in place and durable . Dental professionals also argue that mercury fillings last longer than resin composites , and are easier on the tooth . The American Dental Association agrees with the FDA that amalgam fillings are safe . Yet , some experts say mercury from these fillings penetrates into the body and damages human cells , especially in the brain , bones and kidneys . How much damage it is unknown , which is why the advisory committee is revisiting the issue . In Wednesday 's public hearing , 30 people testified for and against the use of amalgam fillings . Jessica Kerger , an attorney from Toledo , Ohio , said she was a healthy child until she started getting amalgam fillings . As she got older , she faced numerous health problems and a variety of diagnoses . She even had her amalgam fillings removed . It was n't until a doctor tested her for mercury poisoning that she realized her problem , she said . Now , after being treated for excess mercury in her body , Kerger said , "  I 'm an active mother , attorney and I have a black belt in karate . I blame my fillings and I am begging the FDA to get rid of them . " While others testified that mercury in their fillings caused such health problems as loss of memory , impaired vision , miscarriages and paralysis , many dental professionals asked that amalgam fillings remain . Addressing the board , Dr. Vincent Mayher , a former president of the Academy of General Dentistry , said public accusations that dentists force patients to receive amalgam fillings is exaggerated . "  It 's Inflammatory . No dentist I know of forces a patient at any time to get amalgam fillings these days , especially pregnant women and little children . " Mayher testified Andrew Read Fuller , a dental student at UCLA and member of the American Student Dental Association , noted there is no scientific data that amalgam fillings cause the problems some attribute to them , and said that , as a future dentist , he would use amalgam fillings on any of his patients as well as himself . "  In the absence of new evidence there is no reason to question the FDA 's decision . " Fuller said . Yet some dentists did say they would avoid using amalgam fillings because of numerous public reports of mercury poisoning . "  I always wondered why we were told by the  American Dental Association  to be careful when disposing of mercury . If it 's so dangerous to the environment , why not my patients ? " asked Dr. Stephen Markus , a dentist in the Philadelphia area . The committee also recommended that the FDA come up with models that could be used to look at the effects of mercury vapor exposure from dental fillings . And when designing these models , it said , the agency should take into consideration age , health history and physical makeup of individuals . There was also discussion that more data needs to be looked at to come up with stronger models , especially those based on younger children and unborn fetuses . More information on amalgam fillings should be posted for both for patients and dentists , the committee said . It also noted the FDA 's biomarker using urine to detect mercury exposure is not perfect but is the best available for adults . Members also noted that more updated data is needed before the agency can make stronger guidelines on amalgam fillings . Although the committee 's recommendations will go to the FDA board for consideration , the board does not have to follow them . Traditionally , however , it does .	Advisory panel recommends re-evaluation of mercury in dental fillings The FDA ruled in 2009 that the mercury is not harmful Updated data should be examined , the panel says
CNN  -- The Obama administration announced new standards for commercial pilot training Tuesday , with Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx calling it a "  significant advancement for aviation safety and pilot training . " The new rules from DOT and the Federal Aviation Administration will reinforce ground and flight training on aerodynamic stall and "  upset , " enabling pilots to prevent and recover from potential disaster . The emphasis will be on pilots gaining experience on handling a stall during simulator training . During an aerodynamic stall , the plane loses its lift . If the pilot does n't correct it , the plane may crash . That is what investigators say led to the 2009 Colgan Air Flight 3407 crash near Buffalo , New York . The pilots did not recognize the plane was slowing down too quickly , investigators said . When confronted with signs that the Colgan Air plane was entering an aerodynamic stall , the pilot pulled on the plane 's control column when he should have pushed -- a simple error that led to the death of 50 people , according to the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  . Investigators said the pilots were not adequately trained to handle stalls . The new pilot training standard not only calls for teaching pilots how to react and prevent aerodynamic stalls . It also mandates expanded training on how to handle crosswinds , wind gusts , enhanced runway safety procedures and more effective pilot monitoring . NTSB board members said they were struck by the amount of conversation between the Colgan Air captain and first officer , saying it was "  almost continuous . " By continuously conversing , the crew "  squandered time and their attention " -- resources that should have been spent gaining awareness of their surroundings and preventing errors , according to the NTSB . The crash prompted Congress to order new rule changes and update regulations . Families of Colgan crash victims pushed hard for lawmakers to act . "  One of my first meetings as transportation secretary was with the Colgan Flight 3407 families , and today , I am proud to announce that with their help , the FAA has now added improved pilot training to its many other efforts to strengthen aviation safety , " said Foxx . Tuesday 's new pilot training rule addresses a congressional mandate in the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010 to ensure enhanced pilot training . It is the third of significant rulings required by the act , including increased qualification requirements for first officers who fly U.S. passenger and cargo planes issued in July 2013 . The FAA mandated that pilots will need more cockpit training to become fully certified first officers for U.S. passenger and cargo airlines . Co-pilots must complete 1,500 hours ' total time as a pilot under the new rules , which took effect August 1 . Previously , first officers were required to have only a commercial pilot certificate , which requires 250 hours of flight time . The rule also requires first officers to undergo new training and testing specifics to the planes they fly . In December 2011 , final rules to prevent pilot fatigue were finalized . The sweeping pilot fatigue rule governs how much time off commercial passenger pilots must have between work shifts , ensuring they have a longer opportunity for rest before they enter the cockpit . It sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period , a two-hour increase over the old rules . The new rule also mandates that a pilot must have an opportunity for eight hours of uninterrupted sleep within the 10-hour rest period . FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said at Tuesday 's announcement this is the first fundamental rewrite of pilot training requirements in two decades . Air carriers will have five years to comply with the rule 's new pilot training provisions , which the agencies say will allow time for the necessary software updates to be made in flight simulation technology . Ren Marsh is CNN 's aviation and government regulation correspondent .	New rules for pilot training Crash of plane in Buffalo , New York , impetus for some changes Recovering from stalls , wind gusts among priorities
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association is heading back to the airwaves with yet another round of ads aimed at fighting gun-control initiatives circulating in Washington . The advocacy group announced earlier this week that its CEO , Wayne LaPierre , would unveil the new ad campaign Saturday night from Salt Lake City during a speech at the Western Hunting and Conservation Expo . In the same statement saying LaPierre would showcase new ads , the NRA said he would also "  confront the real consequences of so-called ` universal background checks . ' " As it turned out , LaPierre did not mention any new advertising in his remarks . But he did -- as he has done passionately in the past -- rail against President Barack Obama and other Democrats and the background checks that he said are "  at the very heart of their anti-gun agenda . " "  This so-called universal background check that you 're hearing about all over the media ... is aimed at one thing : It 's aimed at registering your guns , " LaPierre claimed . "  And when another tragic opportunity presents itself , that registry will be used to confiscate your guns . " The ads are the NRA 's latest salvo in the gun debate , attempting to influence the public -- and , thus , lawmakers -- to challenge a fresh gun-control push , one that the NRA CEO called "  the single most devastating attack on the Second Amendment that this country has ever seen . " The influential lobbying group has been vocal since Obama called for action in the days after the mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , that left 20 students and six adults dead . Afterward , NRA leaders said they would work with local officials to get more qualified armed guards in schools , while sharply resisting proposals to ban assault weapons , limit the size of gun magazines and to expand the system of background checks for firearms purchases . The NRA efforts include advertisements such as the one , broadcast in mid-January , that described Obama as an "  elitist hypocrite " because his two daughters are protected while at school by armed federal agents and yet he is "  skeptical " about having armed personnel at all schools . The White House blasted that ad , as did members of both political parties , for injecting the president 's children into the debate  and not acknowledging they may face different threats than other American schoolchildren  . But NRA President David Keene defended the spot on CNN , saying , "  What we 're talking about is folks who have protections for their own children , ... then pooh-pooh the idea that the average American 's children should have the same sort of protection . " The gun rights organization also posted a web video that month asserting Obama 's attempts to enact gun control laws would result in the "  confiscation " of people 's firearms . More recently , the NRA ran ads in newspapers in five states -- Arkansas , Louisiana , Maine , North Carolina and West Virginia -- with the headline : "  Will Obama 's gun control proposals work ? His own experts say ` No . ' " Democratic incumbent senators in three of those states are facing tough reelection fights , another is retiring and in the fifth , Maine , moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins is up for reelection next year . That ad buy , which also includes regional publications and online commercials , will cost the NRA about $ 350,000 , a source familiar with it told CNN . This follows the spending of about $ 100,000 to air a web video on various news sites in Alaska , Arkansas , Louisiana , Colorado , South Dakota and the District of Columbia . The NRA has been successful in the past in thwarting gun-control legislation by building support on the grass-roots level , and that is where the group is focusing much of its efforts now . Still , the organization has a challenge , given the horrific nature of the Newtown massacre -- coming on the heels of several other mass shootings -- and the high priority that Obama is placing on gun control . It also has competition in terms of ads , with groups such as MoveOn.org and Mayors Against Illegal Guns taking to newspapers and the airwaves themselves to push for stricter gun control measures .	NRA promises to release new ads , criticize ` so-called universal background checks ' Group has actively opposed gun control measures backed by President Obama One past ad questions why Obama 's children have armed security , other students do not Other groups have released their own ads , calling for stricter gun control measures
CNN  -- Scottish singing sensation Susan Boyle says she was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome last year , according to a report in Sunday 's editions of The Observer newspaper . The singer told The Observer that she went to a specialist in Scotland because she thought she had a more serious condition than the diagnosis she had received when she was a child . "  I was told I had brain damage . I always knew it was an unfair label , " she said . "  Now I have a clearer understanding of what 's wrong and I feel relieved and a bit more relaxed about myself . " With autism , no longer invisible Boyle became famous overnight after her audition for "  Britain 's Got Talent " in 2009 amazed people around the world who saw it on the show and on the Internet , Asperger 's syndrome , a developmental disorder that is a form of autism , is characterized by poor social skills , physical clumsiness , and narrowly focused interests , according to the U.S. National Institutes of Health . I have Asperger 's ; I am just like you Boyle , 52 , said she hoped revealing her Asperger 's diagnosis will lead people to understand and treat her better . She said it was important for her to have a support team . "  I am not strong on my own . When I have the support of people around me I am fine , " she said . Boyle recently released her fifth studio album , a collection of Christmas recordings . Her debut album , "  I Dreamed a Dream , " sold more than 8 million copies around the world , making it the most popular album of 2009 . Boyle would ` love to adopt ' Justin Bieber ? Susan Boyle talks bullying I hired someone with Asperger 's -- now what ?	The singer says she 's relieved , knowing she had been diagnosed incorrectly as a child She had been told she had brain damage , but last year learned she had Asperger 's It is a form of autism that is characterized by poor social skills , focused interests The 52-year-old says she hopes people will treat her better
It may now be Albania 's liveliest neighborhood , but a little over two decades ago it was n't even on the map . A tight-knit grid of nightspots and restaurants in the middle of capital city Tirana , the district has become an emblem of Albania 's slow lurch away from economic ruin . New bars appear almost daily and at weekends streets and sidewalks are packed with locals and tourists looking for a big night out . Few places , if any , have undergone such a dramatic facelift . At the end of the '80s Albania , under the totalitarian regime of Enver Hoxha , was one of the planet 's most isolated states . No one was allowed to travel outside the country and thousands were held in secret gulags . Beards were banned , as were the religions they were thought to represent . The Block  ` Ish-Blloku ' in Albanian  was Hoxha 's refuge . Armed guards stood on every street corner and ordinary citizens were kept out . On most maps the Block was unmarked . "  If you could compare it , Albania was like North Korea is today , " says Enno Bozdo , Tirana 's deputy mayor . Rainbow revolution At the center of it all sat Hoxha 's private villa , a squarish , peach-colored mansion surrounded by palm-lined gardens and fountains . The Block was a silent stronghold of Albania 's elite . But when the regime were routed in 1992 elections , the Block sprang into life as Tirana 's mayor urged inhabitants to grab the first paint pot they could find and soak the city 's gray walls in color . Around the Block , entire towers now display the bright greens , purples and pinks of this rainbow revolution . At street level too , the neighborhood is almost unrecognizable . Dozens of cafes , bars and restaurants have made it Tirana 's premier nightspot . Everywhere there are references to the West -- especially the U.S. , whose brand of free-market capitalism Albania has adopted with varying degrees of success . One example is Duff , a diner inspired by Homer Simpson 's drink of choice , where Yankees caps and varsity pennants line the walls and skinny-jeaned Tiranans play table football . After living in Connecticut for three years , owner Ledion Ilo wanted to return to Albania and build something from scratch . The Block was his perfect opportunity . "  This was all different , " he says . "  It was all gardens , you could n't go in . It was Albania 's internal border . " Ilo and his brother built everything , from chairs and tables to a giant screen for sports made from dust sheets and wooden pallets . On big nights tables are booked in advance , even for drinks . Duff just ran its first beer pong tournament : 28 teams competed . Elsewhere there are open-plan outdoor clubs where foreigners dance to thumping house music until the early hours . There are coffee shops where the staff call themselves baristas and care a little too much about coffee beans . Almost all of The Block 's venue 's names are in English , a detail that irks some locals . "  English is a way to look trendy , " says Rudina Hoxha , a journalist . "  Youngsters say phrases like , ` it 's nice to be in love ' and ` you 're sexy ' in English . It 's a bit stupid . We seem to prefer the Western world more than our own country at times . " Others gripe that The Block 's meteoric change has gentrified it beyond the means of most locals . Rents in the city are usually pegged at about $ 250 per month . In the Block it 's twice that . Drinks are still pretty cheap by Western standards at about $ 1.50 for a local beer , and dinner in most places costs roughly 600 Albanian lek , or $ 6 . In a city where the average monthly salary is around $ 450 , however , it 's enough to price most out of the neighborhood . That 's partially because Albania 's huge diaspora , many of whom fled when communism gave way to rampant crime and corruption in the early '90s , has begun to return . Kris is an 19-year-old American whose family returned to Tirana from Michigan last year . Pristine beaches "  I like it here , " she says . "  People here are used to drinking a bit more so they do n't really go over the limit . It 's strange that The Block is where all the communist leaders lived -- it 's a little ironic . " Foreigners , too , are beginning to erase Albania 's well-worn "  best-kept-secret " label . In 2007 a shade more than a million people visited the country . By 2011 that had climbed to more than 2.7 million . Tourism now accounts for 11 % of Albania 's GDP thanks partially to its stunning , mountain-studded landscapes and pristine beaches . The country is also one of Europe 's sunniest . "  We wanted to see Albania because not many people back home know anything , " says Alexei , a French backpacker cycling to Istanbul through the Balkans . "  Here we can still discover . It 's great : the people are young and nice . " Bozdo is glad that today 's generation , local or not , knows little of The Block 's past and its former denizens . "  It 's impossible to understand what that regime was like without living in it anyway , " he says . Some aspects of The Block 's regeneration give him cause for concern -- notably Hoxha 's old villa , which is scheduled to open as a museum this year . "  Unfortunately there has been a surge in the myth of the dictator recently , " he adds . "  It could be fancy to have the villa used to tell people what happened here before the '90s , but you run the risk of making it a cult and keeping that myth alive . " Whatever happens to the villa , The Block has undeniably seen an extraordinary transformation , and each night it throngs with partygoers . There 's tons to see but Tirana 's best asset , say guidebooks , is its people . If that 's true then a trip to The Block should be top of any traveler 's list . Recommendations : For coffee : Radio Cafe Tirana . A trendy joint filled with old wireless sets and many of the city 's young laptop brigade . Good to hang with friends or enjoy the kind of multisyllabic blends that get splashed all over Pinterest . Radio Cafe Tirana , Rruga Ismail Qemali , P. 29 , Ap . 1 , Tirana ; For drinks : Duff Bar . Yes , its theme might be cheesier than cheddar sandwich , but Duff is packed most nights and it 's a great spot for people-watching in the heart of The Block . Duff Bar , Rruga Brigada VIII , Tirana , +355 694 03 4376 For dinner : Il Gusto . This Mediterranean location is at the higher end of the pay scale , but the food and extensive wine list are worth it . Good for a romantic meal beside the madness . Il Gusto , Rruga Donika Kastrioti , pas Kullave Binjake , Tirana ; +355422780 75	Now a nightlife hotspot , the Block was once the refuge of Albanian dictator Enver Hoxha The area in the Albanian capital Tirana is filled with dozens of cafes , bars and restaurants Some complain the area has been gentrified beyond the reach of locals
CNN  -- Looking ahead to the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympics , the Brazilian Ministry of Defense sent 7,500 troops to the country 's northwest borders with Peru and Bolivia for another in a series of crackdowns on "  cross-border crimes . " The operation , nicknamed Agata 6 , is expected to last two weeks . This is the sixth time that Brazilian soldiers , backed by fighter jets , combat helicopters , patrol boats and armored vehicles , are taking over parts of the country 's vast border areas to fight crime alongside the local population . So far , the Agata missions have seizing more than 332 kilograms of marijuana , 19.5 kilograms of cocaine , and 11,730 kilograms of explosives . Heading the operation is the chief of the Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Brazil , Gen. Jose Carlos De Nardi . The Brazilian government hopes the military show of force through the Agata operations will increase the feeling of security among the population and deter crimes that go beyond drug and arms trafficking and smuggling . "  In each area there is a specific type of offense , " De Nardi said . "  While in the south there is , for example , animal theft and smuggling , in the central-west we have drug trafficking and in the north gold mining , timber smuggling and arms trafficking . The important thing is that Operation Agata enables the armed forces to map all cross-border crimes . " Before launching the operation , Brazilian Minister of Defense Celso Amorim informed the governments of Bolivia and Peru and encouraged them to send their own observers in an effort to increase South American cooperation in defense missions . Part of the military deployment will also focus on bringing social projects to the country 's biggest allies along the border -- the local , mostly rural population . The first five Agata operations have provided more than 14,500 dental and 18,500 medical services to people within Brazil 's border regions , officials say . The operations also provide the local population with vaccines and medications . Amorim said that the Ministry of Defense , which launched the Agata program in 2011 , is planning to carry out at least three more deployments in 2013 . Brazil sends troops to border to fight crime CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	7,500 troops are going to Brazil 's northwest borders for a two-week operation Drug and arms trafficking and smuggling are among the crimes targeted The operation also brings medical and dental services to the local populations
London  CNN  -- The illegal wildlife trade takes the lives of 100 elephants a day , and rhino poaching increased by 5,000 % between 2007 and 2012 . The six remaining subspecies of tiger are endangered , two of them critically . Three other tiger subspecies are already extinct . Statistics like these are the reason it 's time to treat the effort to stop the illegal wildlife trade "  like a battle , because it is precisely that , " says Britain 's Prince Charles . He and his son , Prince William , are among the high-profile global guests due to take part in the London Conference on the Illegal Wildlife Trade on Thursday , hosted by the UK government . Prince William also will attend talks hosted by the Zoological Society of London and a reception at London 's Natural History Museum on Wednesday . Charles and William released a nine-minute video message Sunday calling for the world to act . "  We have come together , as father and son , to lend our voices to the growing global effort to combat the illegal wildlife trade -- a trade that has reached such unprecedented levels of killing and related violence that it now poses a grave threat not only to the survival of some of the world 's most treasured species , but also to economic and political stability in many areas around the world , " says Charles . William says he and his father are optimistic the "  tide can be reversed . " "  We have to be the generation that stopped the illegal wildlife trade , and secured the future of these magnificent animals , and their habitats , for if we fail , it will be too late , " the younger prince adds . William , whose wife Catherine gave birth to their son George last summer , said that since becoming a father he has become "  even more devoted to protecting the resources of the Earth for not only my own son but also the other children of his generation to enjoy . " The video , which was recorded in November , ends with the pair saying the phrase "  Let 's unite for wildlife ! " in Arabic , Vietnamese , Swahili , Spanish and Mandarin . The aim is to be understood by as many people as possible living in the countries most affected by the illegal wildlife trade . China and Vietnam are key markets for illegal animal products , such as bones , skin and tusks . William , who has been a patron since 2005 of the wildlife conservation charity Tusk Trust , faced criticism Saturday in UK newspaper The Sun for reportedly going on a boar hunting trip to Spain with his brother , Prince Harry . "  Prince William has gone shooting -- a day before launching a campaign to stop wildlife being killed , " the popular tabloid said . Horn ` worth more than gold and platinum ' Prince Charles , UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the Presidents of Botswana and Gabon are due to speak at the conference Thursday . The Presidents of Tanzania and Chad are also expected to be present . The UK government says illegal ivory trade activity worldwide has more than doubled since 2007 , with ivory selling for up to 1,200 pounds  $ 1,968  per kilogram . "  Rhino horn is now worth more than gold and platinum and is more valuable on the black market than diamonds or cocaine , " a statement on the UK government website says . With such lucrative profits to be made , criminals are eager to get in on the action . In 2006 , only 60 African rhinos were poached , according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature . The number has steadily increased to an estimated 1,000-plus in 2013 . One out of 13 elephants in Africa was killed illegally in 2012 , according to the Zoological Society of London . South Africa arrested more than 340 poachers last year -- but poachers sometimes fight back , making the work of park rangers dangerous . At least 1,000 park rangers have been killed in the past decade , the UK government says . Prince Charles said poachers make use of the kind of sophisticated weaponry used in warfare , hence his call to treat the fight against them like a battle . The wildlife trade monitoring network Traffic argues that as long as demand for illegal wildlife products remains , criminals will seek to exploit it . "  Law enforcement efforts must continue to be at the front line in the battle to protect species in their range countries and in efforts to shut down markets for illegal wildlife products , " said the network 's director of policy , Sabri Zain . "  However , without a complementary effort to effectively address the persistent market demand that drives this trade , enforcement action alone may sometimes be futile . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Prince Charles and Prince William speak out against illegal wildlife trade The royal father and son are taking part in an international summit in London William : "  We have to be the generation that stopped the illegal wildlife trade " Poachers are killing growing numbers of elephants and rhinos for the trade
CNN  -- Until authorities know what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , they 'll look for clues in the histories of everyone on board . The cruel reality is that every one of the 239 people on board is both a possible victim and a possible suspect -- until proved otherwise . Already , some passengers and the pilots have fallen under increased scrutiny , and more are likely to come into focus as the search for answers continues . "  You have to look at everybody that got onto that plane , " Bill Gavin , former assistant director of the FBI in New York , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday . "  You can start peeling the onion there by eliminating some of the people immediately -- you know , like children , and maybe very elderly people , or infirmed people . You might be able to eliminate those folks . "  But , by the same token , you really have to look through the whole category of people that are on the plane , " he said . Here 's what we have so far about some of the people investigators want to know more about : Pilot : Zaharie Ahmad Shah Malaysia 's Prime Minister has said that somebody deliberately steered the plane off course . That means the pilots have become one obvious area of focus . On Saturday , Malaysian police searched Zaharie Ahmad Shah 's home . The 53-year-old pilot and father of three lives in an upscale , gated community in Shah Alam , outside Malaysia 's capital , Kuala Lumpur . Malaysian police said Sunday they were still investigating a flight simulator seized from that house . It 's somewhat common among aviation enthusiasts to use online flight simulator programs to replicate various situations . An initial search of the personal computers and e-mails of the pilots found nothing to indicate that a sudden deviation in the Boeing 777 's route was preplanned , U.S. officials said on Tuesday , after being briefed by Malaysian authorities . U.S. officials reviewed cockpit conversations between the flight and air traffic controllers and again said they saw nothing suspicious or anything that would explain why the jetliner deviated from its course . The pilot 's political beliefs are also being questioned . Zaharie is a public supporter of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim . Just hours before the flight took off , a court ordered Anwar to prison on charges of sodomy , a sentence the opposition leader says is a political vendetta . Despite the timing of the decision , there is no evidence to tie the plane 's disappearance to the pilot or his politics . "  He likely was upset at the verdict that had just been announced several hours before he boarded the aircraft , but to down an airline because of that I think at this point is pure conjecture . Again , I would take any of these accusations with a huge grain of salt , " the RAND Corporation 's Seth Jones told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Peter Chong , a friend of Zaharie 's , similarly said it 's unfair to imply the pilot had anything to do with what happened to the plane . He said he 'd been to Zaharie 's house and tried out the flight simulator . "  It 's a reflection of his love for people , " Chong said , "  because he wants to share the joy of flying with his friends . " Zaharie joined Malaysia Airlines in 1981 and has more than 18,000 flying hours . Who were the pilots ? Co-pilot : Fariq Ab Hamid Fariq Ab Hamid , 27 , started at the airline in 2007 and has 2,763 flying hours . Two vans were loaded with small bags , similar to shopping bags , at the home of the co-pilot , according to a CNN crew that observed activities at the residence . It was unclear whether the bags were taken from the home , and police made no comment about their activities there . U.S. intelligence officials are leaning toward the theory that "  those in the cockpit " -- the captain and co-pilot -- were responsible for the mysterious disappearance , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the latest thinking has told CNN . The official emphasized that no final conclusions have been drawn and that all the internal intelligence discussions are based on preliminary assessments of what is known to date . Acting Malaysian Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein has told reporters the pilots did n't request to work together . Passenger : Mohammed Khairul Amri Selamat The 29-year-old Malaysian civil aviation engineer works for a private jet charter company . Although police are investigating all passengers and crew , he is likely to be of particular interest because of his aviation knowledge . "  I am confident that he is not involved , " his father said Monday . "  They 're welcome to investigate me and my family . " The bottom line , investigators say , is that whoever flew the plane off course for hours appeared to know what they were doing . They are looking into the backgrounds of the passengers to see whether any of them were trained pilots . "  There are still a few countries who have yet to respond to our request for a background check , " said Khalid Abu Bakar , inspector general of the Royal Malaysian Police Force . "  But there are a few ... foreign intelligence agencies who have cleared all the  ir  passengers . " Passengers : Pouri Nourmohammadi and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza In the first few days after the plane went missing , investigators focused intensely on two passengers who boarded the plane using stolen passports . Authorities have since identified them as Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Reza , 29 , both Iranians . The men entered Malaysia on February 28 using valid Iranian passports , according to Interpol . Malaysian police believe Nourmohammadi was trying to emigrate to Germany using a stolen Austrian passport . His mother contacted police after her son did n't arrive in Frankfurt as expected . Malaysian investigators say neither of the men has any apparent connection to terrorist organizations . Stolen passports do n't necessarily indicate terrorism . In fact , passengers flew without having their travel documents checked against Interpol 's lost-and-stolen passport database more than a billion times in 2013 , according to the international police organization . Terrorist link ? While investigators continue their search , one possibility that has been talked about is that an act of terrorism downed the airliner . There has been speculation that Uyghur Muslim separatists in China 's far western Xinjiang province might have been involved in the plane 's disappearance . The Uyghurs are a predominantly Muslim ethnic group who live in Xinjiang , an area the size of Iran that is rich in natural resources , including oil . One of the two long corridors where authorities say the plane was last detected stretched over Xinjiang , and unconfirmed reports have suggested the possibility that Uyghurs might be connected to the case . Chinese authorities have accused separatists from Xinjiang of carrying out a terrorist attack this month in which eight attackers armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming , a city in southwestern China , killing 29 people and wounding more than 140 . However , on Tuesday , China said it found no evidence that any of its citizens on board the missing plane were involved in hijacking or terrorism . Background checks on all passengers from the Chinese mainland on the plane have found nothing to support such suspicions , said Huang Huikang , the Chinese ambassador to Malaysia , according to the state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua . Authorities have said they are investigating all 239 people who were on board the flight . According to the airline , 153 of the 227 passengers came from mainland China or Hong Kong . By effectively ruling out suspicions for most of the passengers , Chinese authorities appear to have significantly shortened the list of possible suspects in the investigation . Snapshots of passengers CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Steve Almasy , Chelsea J. Carter , Jethro Mullen , Kyung Lah , Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Evan Perez and Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilots ' computers show nothing to indicate sudden deviation was preplanned Every one of the 239 people on board is both a possible victim and suspect The plane 's pilots have become one obvious area of focus A 29-year-old Malaysian civil aviation engineer is also under the spotlight
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban vowed Thursday to carry out attacks against India to avenge the death of a man executed by Indian authorities for his role in the 2008 terrorist assault on Mumbai . Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , was hanged Wednesday in Pune , a city southeast of Mumbai . He was the lone surviving gunman from the attacks in India 's financial capital in November 2008 that killed more than 160 people . Read more : Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? Ihsanullah Ihsan , the spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , said the militant group would conduct various attacks in India in response to the execution . He did n't provide further details . The Pakistani Taliban , who are closely linked with their namesake in Afghanistan and with al Qaeda , operate in the ungoverned area that sits on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Read more : Mumbai attack survivor : ` It 's like a dead man living ' India has requested extra protection for its diplomats in Pakistan following the execution , said J.P. Singh , an official at India 's Ministry of External Affairs . India executes last Mumbai gunman He said the ministry had no immediate comment on the threat from the Taliban . The Taliban spokesman said they are demanding that Kasab 's body be returned to Pakistan for an Islamic burial . He criticized the Pakistani government , saying it had failed by not requesting the return of the body . Read more : The Mumbai attacks : Getting the story amid chaos Indian authorities said Wednesday that Kasab had been buried in the "  surrounding area " of the jail where he was hanged . They did n't say what kind of burial rites had been performed . The Pakistani government has so far barely commented on the execution . The foreign ministry declined to give an immediate reaction Thursday to the Taliban 's criticism . Read more : Islamists protest NATO route opening in Pakistan India blamed Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistani-based terror group allied with al Qaeda , for the Mumbai siege . Indian authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on the Indian parliament . The group has denied responsibility . The Mumbai attacks destabilized peace talks between the Indian and Pakistani governments , which remain bitterly opposed over issues such as the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir . Read more : Pakistan wants ` concrete evidence ' on Mumbai suspect sought by U.S. . Since then , the two nuclear-armed nations have resumed the high-level meetings and relations have improved . In April , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi during a brief private trip . It was the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state in seven years . Indian sporting authorities also this year announced the resumption of bilateral cricket tournaments with Pakistan . The sport has often been used as a platform to ease relations . But tensions remain close to the surface . In August , New Delhi alleged that "  elements " in Pakistan were using social-networking sites to stir religious unrest in India amid ethnic clashes between Muslim migrants and native tribal groups in the northeastern state of Assam . Read more : Clinton urges Pakistan to do more in fighting terrorists News of Kasab 's death was positively received Wednesday by many Indians . The conservative Bharatiya Janata Party , the country 's main opposition party , expressed support for the government 's decision to go ahead with the execution . "  It 's a strong message that India does not and will not tolerate terrorism , " said Prakash Javadekar , a party spokesman . But human rights activists criticized the move . "  The hanging of Ajmal Kasab marks a distressing end to India 's moratorium on executions and is a step backwards for India 's justice system , " said Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director at Human Rights Watch , an advocacy group . "  The government should take prompt and decisive action toward a total abolition of capital punishment . " The last state execution in the country was in 2004 , when a man was hanged for the rape and murder of a teenage girl . CNN 's Sumnima Udas in New Delhi contributed to this report .	Mohammed Ajmal Kasab was hanged Wednesday in India for his role in the attacks The Pakistani Taliban say they will conduct various attacks against India in revenge They also say they are demanding his body be returned to Pakistan Indian authorities say they have already requested extra security for diplomats
CNN  -- I am an American , and I love my country , but I also love my heritage . I was born in Tampa , Florida , to Palestinian-American parents , but 70 % of my family still lives in the West Bank , including my grandparents , aunts , uncles and cousins . When I was 3 , my parents decided to move back to Palestine -- a choice that changed the course of my life . The purpose of the move was for me and my siblings to learn Arabic and our family 's culture . Yet , the four-year experience offered much more than that . We lived peacefully in Ramallah , a West Bank city just north of Jerusalem , when we moved there in 1997 . My father built a home in Area C , an Israeli-controlled region of the West Bank . During the first two years , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was at a quiet period . Our lives were pretty normal . My older brother and I attended a private school operated by the American education system , and my two older sisters went to a French all-girls Catholic school . In our free time , our days consisted of shopping in Ramallah , taking cabs to Jerusalem and hiking mountains . In the summer of 2000 , our lives were flipped upside down by the second intifada , or "  the uprising . " A 20-something-foot harsh concrete wall was constructed around the West Bank , there were checkpoints installed between towns and villages , and daily clashes between Palestinians and Israeli authorities interrupted our day . We no longer had the liberty to take cabs to Jerusalem , shop in Ramallah or hike in the mountains . Our sense of freedom was stripped away from us . My family soon discovered that living in fear and under occupation was dangerous and too hostile . So we decided to move back to the U.S. in 2001 . My family 's decision to leave was one that would thrust guilt on our shoulders for a time to come . Leaving our extended family behind in a war-torn country left us with feelings of sadness . Fearing daughter 's Gaza border wedding Living in occupation felt normal to me . It was moving back to America when I was 8 that felt like a culture shock . My life in America has been very different from my life in Palestine and is much different from the lives of Israeli and Palestinian youth today . Going to school in Tampa , my only morning worry was getting a decent grade on my homework . My cousins in the West Bank , on the other hand , are worried about grades too , but they also have to worry about checkpoints and random clashes between the Palestinians and Israeli authorities . The day the four children were killed while playing soccer on Gaza Beach , my friends and I were at St. Pete Beach playing volleyball . Unlike those children , we made it home safely to our families . As the conflict between Israel and Hamas continues , the world is watching with eyes wide open . In the U.S. , public opinion has been varied . America 's opinion about the conflict is split between both sides : Some support Israel ; some support Palestine . But for me , I have a different perspective of the conflict . When terror hit America on September 11 , I was filled with sadness , sorrow and anger . I thought , "  How could someone do this to my people ? " The anger lingered for a very long time and still does today . These past couple of weeks have also made me angry . Waking up every day , I would discover yet a higher death toll of Gaza civilians . I would turn on the TV to find limbs of Palestinians plastered all over the news . Sad and angry , once again I thought , "  How could someone do this to my people ? " Many Israelis are also victims of terrorism . I understand the fear and frustration they feel due to the conflict . No one should have to mourn a loss of a human life due to violence . For those of you without ties to the region , I ask you to look at it with a fresh perspective : The history of the Holy Land and the politics go far back , but please look at the humanitarian crisis . Think about the people instead . I think I speak for many Palestinian-Americans when I say I feel helpless in watching the continuous deaths of civilians in Palestine . My reason for writing this essay is to express my feelings about the conflict in order to help the Palestinian people -- my people -- in some way . Before leaving Palestine , I remember taking a walk with my mother in the hills of Ramallah . On the bottom of the hills was the West Bank barrier . Once we reached the top of the tallest hill , my mother grabbed my arm and pointed in the far distance . "  You see that city over there ? That 's Jerusalem . That 's where I was born , where your father was born and where you are from . One day , we 'll walk from here to Jerusalem . ... And no wall or soldier will stand in our way . " I hope to see that day . See more of Naif 's photos on CNN iReport	Naim Naif spent part of his childhood in Ramallah , West Bank Naif , 20 , says that living under occupation "  felt normal " 70 % of his family still lives in the West Bank Share your perspective about the Israel-Gaza conflict with CNN iReport
Baghdad  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters in Baghdad that his current visit to Iraq will probably be his last . He has previously announced that he intends to retire sometime this year . Gates made the comment while speaking to reporters at the U.S. Division-Center headquarters , where he addressed about 200 soldiers from Kansas and Hawaii . He called it "  the high point of my trip . " Gates also addressed the possible U.S. government shutdown . He explained that , even if troops did n't get a paycheck due to a government shutdown , they would be paid back . Differences between U.S. Democrats and Republicans have kept them from reaching agreement on a budget for this year . If there is no deal by midnight Friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down . "  As a historian , it always occurred to me the smart thing for government was always to pay the guys with guns first , " he said in response to a query on a shutdown 's possible impact . Earlier Thursday , Gates met with the Commanding General of U.S. Forces in Iraq , General Lloyd Austin , and with the U.S. Ambassador to Iraq , James Jeffrey , at Al Faw Palace in Baghdad . Later , Gates will meet with Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdish regional government , said a senior defense official who agreed to talk on background Gates message to Iraq 's leadership will be "  that it is important for them to complete the government-formation process , particularly to get the security ministries dealt with , " a senior defense official said . Gates arrived in Baghdad Wednesday night on an unannounced visit . Prior to touching down in Baghdad , Gates was in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , for talks with that country 's leader , King Abdullah . Like most top-level U.S. visits to regional hot spots , Gates ' visit to Iraq was unannounced , most likely for security reasons . Speaking to reporters after his meeting with the Saudi monarch , Gates said they discussed "  developments all over the region " and "  obviously they talked about Iran . " He described the talks as an "  extremely cordial , warm meeting . " He chided Iran for meddling in the Persian Gulf kingdom of Bahrain , where recent protests led the government to call in troops from member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council . "  We already have evidence that the Iranians are trying to exploit the situation in Bahrain , " Gates told reporters Wednesday . "  We also have evidence that they are thinking about what they could do to try to create problems elsewhere , as well . "	NEW : Gates calls time with troops the "  high point " of his trip Defense Secretary Robert Gates meets with U.S. troops and commanders Gates has previously said he will retire this year Gates arrived in Iraq on Wednesday night on an unannounced visit
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Betty Gikonyo 's life changed forever at 30,000 feet . Several years ago , the Kenyan pediatrician was flying with her three children to the United States , accompanying her husband who was pursuing a medical scholarship in Minneapolis . But just before their departure from Kenya , the family was asked to escort an 18-year-old boy flying to America for treatment on a heart condition . The Gikonyos agreed and initially all seemed to be going well -- the plane was airborne and cruising but then , suddenly , the boy began to get sick . "  He started getting difficulty in breathing , " recalls Gikonyo . "  He started foaming through the mouth , " she continues . "  We were very fortunate because we had the medication , and we found ourselves administering medicine in the air . " After a short stop in Brussels to allow the boy 's condition to stabilize , the group were finally able to continue their journey -- but the experience left a lasting impression on Gikonyo , shaping her mission to provide necessary healthcare for children in need . " -LSB- It 's that -RSB- feeling that you need to do something for somebody you do n't know so that they can be comfortable , so that they can enjoy life the way you do , " she says . Gikonyo has since returned to Kenya where she has become a leading pediatric cardiologist . Focused on improving access to quality healthcare , her illustrious career has seen her help establish the Heart to Heart Foundation , which raises funds for disadvantaged children to receive lifesaving surgery . Gikonyo also began organizing medical airlifts overseas so children could receive the vital treatment . But it was in 2006 when the Kenyan doctor realized her 20-year dream of opening a state-of-the-art facility where could treat children with ailing hearts , the Karen Hospital just outside Nairobi . Watch the video below to learn more about Gikonyo 's continued mission to alleviate suffering and improve the lives of countless children . READ THIS : Performing surgery in a blackout READ THIS : Making movies to tell Africa 's real stories READ THIS : Tech innovator calls Africans back from diaspora	Dr. Betty Gikonyo is a leading pediatric heart surgeon from Kenya She has devoted her life to alleviating suffering of disadvantaged children She helped establish a 102-bed state-of-the-art medical facility outside Nairobi
Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum is running as the "  authentic conservative " in the Republican primaries . As his campaign has gained steam moving into the Michigan and Arizona contests , the entire tenor of the Republican debate has changed dramatically . Social and cultural issues are front and center once again . Whereas candidates had spent months railing against President Obama as a big-government liberal and talking about the weak economy and deficits , over the past two weeks they have plunged back into the culture wars , making provocative statements about contraception , religion , gender relations and more . In response to media reports about Santorum 's comments in 2008 , in which he said , "  Satan is attacking the great institutions of America , " Santorum responded , "  I will defend everything I say . " Santorum 's hope is that social conservatism can offer the path toward a Republican victory , by highlighting a set of issues that can bring the conservative coalition together . As former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney continues to be pummeled for his flip-flopping on key issues , his wealth , and his background in the private sector , Santorum hopes that he can create a bridge between the Republican right and disaffected blue-collar workers -- the so-called Reagan Democrats -- through social issues that cut across class lines . The strategy plays into a conventional argument about how Republicans can succeed with voters whose economic interests are better served by the Democrats , namely through focusing on social and cultural issues that shift attention in a different direction . This is a risky bet for the GOP and a positive development for the administration and congressional Democrats . While most successful Republican presidential candidates have paid lip service to social conservatism in the last three decades , the truth is it has never been an issue through which Republicans have been able to build successful coalitions that can win at the polls and get bills passed . Currently , polls show that the public is not in favor of many of the positions espoused by the right when it comes to culture . According to a poll by CBS and The New York Times , 66 % supported the administration 's plan to require private health insurance to cover birth control and 61 % said yes with regard to religiously affiliated employers ; Catholics supported the administration 61 % to 31 % . In 2011 , Gallup found that a majority of Americans supported the legalization of same-sex marriage . A number of factors other than social conservatism have been responsible for propelling Republicans into the White House . In some cases , Republicans have been able to build broad coalitions when the economy is growing and some of the economic tensions that might otherwise play to the policies of Democrats are muted . In 1984 , for example , President Ronald Reagan could boast that it was "  morning in America " again as the impact of the recession was diminishing . In 2000 , the continued strength of the high-tech economy allowed Texas Gov. George W. Bush to include economic policies that would benefit the wealthy -- such as a regressive tax cut -- within an agenda of compassionate conservatism that would assist marginalized Americans . The other way in which Republican candidates have been able to expand their electoral coalition is through appeals based on national security . Claiming that Republicans are tougher on defense has been a way to attract voters whose economic interests fit more easily with the policies of Democrats . President George H.W. Bush did this in 1988 with a devastating campaign that portrayed Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis as a timid liberal who would not stand up to the Soviet Union . In 2004 , his son used similar tactics to portray Sen. John Kerry as a Vietnam War-protesting vet who would not take the needed steps to defeat terrorism . In 1980 , aided by a weakened economy , Reagan attacked President Jimmy Carter as impotent and ineffective overseas . The former California governor used the Iranian hostage crisis and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan as evidence that Republicans were needed to revive America 's international standing . While all of these Republicans certainly paid lip service to social conservatism , those issues were always a limited part of their campaigns and even less important once Republicans were in power . In this election , Republicans will probably not have any of the other factors that have been so pivotal . If the economy is stronger , one of their central critiques about Obama will not be nearly as effective . Without a major national security crisis -- and after Obama undercut some of the hawkish clamor of the GOP with the killing of Osama bin Laden and several other key figures in al Qaeda -- Republicans wo n't have national security to hold them together again . Santorum and his supporters think that social conservatism is the answer . The other Republican candidates , seeking to steal his thunder , have joined the move rightward in recent days . The president could not ask for much more , as he and his advisers watch the Republican primaries disintegrate into a Republican civil war . Republicans are refocusing the national debate on a set of questions that has little track record as a winning theme , and they have effectively moved the debate away from the president and his vulnerabilities and toward questions about whether the GOP is too extreme . For Obama , it might actually be morning in America again .	Zelizer : Rick Santorum 's rise in the polls has changed nature of GOP race He says the race has focused more heavily on social issues in recent weeks Social issues have n't been a winning formula for GOP presidential candidates , he says Zelizer : The rightward turn of the GOP race is good news for President Obama
CNN  -- An American man accused of kidnapping his two young sons and sailing to Cuba was declared insane by a Florida judge . Josh Hakken is insane and will likely be sent to a hospital for treatment before he can stand trial for the alleged kidnapping , Hillsborough Circuit Judge Chet Tharpe said Wednesday , CNN affiliate Bay News 9 reported . The ruling adds another chapter to the bizarre story of Hakken , his wife and their two sons . Some of the tale unfolded last year on CNN . Last April , Florida authorities said Josh and Sharyn Hakken kidnapped their two boys , ages 2 and 4 , after losing custody of them . The boys were taken from the Tampa home of their grandmother . The story gained international attention when authorities said there was evidence that Hakken could have fled the country with the boys . Later that month , CNN found the family of four on a small sailboat in Havana . Josh Hakken glared through his sunglasses at the CNN reporter who found him and said nothing beyond confirming his identity . The two boys are OK , said a woman matching the description of his wife , and she left it at that . Cuban security officials wearing sidearms appeared as a CNN video crew was filming and ordered them to stop . Cuban authorities then detained Josh and Sharyn Hakken . The boys were returned to their grandparents . Both Hakkens were also returned to U.S. to stand trial . As for the fate of Sharyn Hakken ? Her trial has been postponed , Bay News 9 reported . The judge also wants to check her psychological reports . ` Back to normal ' for abducted kids , grandmother says	Hakken and his wife are accused of abducting their sons after losing custody The boys were returned to grandparents in Florida
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Heidi Newfield goes into Sunday 's Academy of Country Music Awards with five nominations . It 's more than any other female , but she still considers herself the dark horse -- and in many ways , she is , especially since she 's up for top female vocalist against such heavyweights as Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift . Heidi Newfield says she considers herself an underdog at Sunday 's Academy of Country Music Awards . For 10 years , Newfield was the lead singer of the honky-tonk trio Trick Pony . Her soulful debut solo album , "  What Am I Waiting for , " was released in August to stellar reviews -- many from critics who scoffed at the high-energy antics of her former band . If you spend any time with the petite blonde from Northern California , you 're struck by how many times she says , "  Please " and "  Thank you . " There 's a smile for everyone -- waiters , doormen , cameramen -- and she steers conversation away from herself to ask how others are doing . Newfield is a nice girl . But her life changed when a fellow musician told her to stop being so nice , as she revealed in the following interview with CNN : Watch Newfield talk about her nominations " CNN : What went through your head when you received five nominations for this year 's Academy of Country Music Awards ? Heidi Newfield : I thought one or two would be so fabulous , that would be so great . And they kept calling my name , and you know , I wo n't lie -- I 'm going to tell on my husband -- the tears started flowing , and we were just really happy . All the hard work , all the time , and all the road -- and just the experience over time starts to play back in your mind , just like a movie.This is a really special time . CNN : Was it validation that leaving Trick Pony was the right thing to do ? Newfield : People tell you , "  You ca n't do this . " You know in country music oftentimes it does not work when a front person leaves a group . In other genres -- pop , rock , hip-hop and rap -- people can leave all the time and do amazing things on their own . Beyonce , Justin Timberlake , Sting -- there 's a gazillion people . But in country , we have that tight-knit , almost family relationship with our fans , so when you change something up , they do n't always like that very much . CNN : Did you feel guilty about leaving Trick Pony ? Newfield : No , not an ounce of guilt . I left Trick Pony with my head held high . I felt like I left with total dignity and class , and I did n't leave anybody hanging . I fulfilled every obligation , no matter how hard it was -- and it was hard . There was a lot of drama , and they were n't exactly happy with me . I do n't mind saying this , but it was miserable the last several months . But my intuition was saying it 's time to make a change . So did I stay too long ? I do n't know . I mean , everything happens for a reason . Had I left three years ago , maybe I would n't have been the same person I am today . CNN : John Popper from Blues Traveler kind of gave you a kick in the pants . Newfield : Oh , I love Poppy ! We talk all the time , I kid you not . John was on a USO tour with us for 2 1/2 weeks , so we got to know each other really well . Every night , he would come on stage and do a -LSB- harmonica -RSB- number with me . On the last night of the tour , we were in Germany , and we were at this pub , and Poppy said to me , "  You love this , and it 's clear you 're a musician -- but you need to learn to stop being so nice . You need to speak your mind and step up and step up for yourself . " His actual words were , "  When you learn to be a b -- , " that 's what he told me . And I thought , "  Well , my philosophy is I do n't think you ever , ever , ever have to be a diva or a prima donna to make it to a certain level . " I think you can always treat people with respect and be nice , and I always plan on doing that . But what he said was right . When you start to believe in yourself , that 's when there 's no limit to what you can do . CNN : Your debut solo album , "  What Am I Waiting for , " shows a lot of growth . It 's much more introspective and mature , whereas Trick Pony 's music was brash and not as multidimensional . Newfield : When my producer Tony Brown and I first sat down to talk about making this album , one of the first things that came out of his mouth was , "  We have to show people who you really are . We need to cut songs , and you need to explore parts of your vocals that you never got a change to showcase . " All the ACM nominations are validation that we are on the path to doing just that and being taken seriously as an artist -- as a singer , as a songwriter and as a musician . We made a record that made people say , "  Hey , this girl can sing . " And that 's what I had always hoped . CNN : Still , it 's a building process , and in a lot of ways , you 're starting from scratch . Newfield : At this one fair that I went to , they had my name spelled H-e-d-y instead of H-e-i-d-i . Hedy Newfield . And I thought , "  Oh , that 's just great . " And , of course , you go up to the promoter and say , "  Come on , hook a sister up here . " So we 're fixing that . CNN : Of the five awards you 're up for at the ACMs , you have to be most thrilled about top female vocalist . -LSB- Newfield is up against Underwood , Swift , Lee Ann Womack and Miranda Lambert . Newfield : I 'm the biggest dark horse ever . I 'm the big underdog , but I like to be the underdog . I hope the makeup 's rockin ' . I hope I look good at that moment when they call out , "  Carrie Underwood . "	Heidi Newfield is up for five Academy of Country Music Awards Newfield pursuing solo career after being lead singer of Trick Pony Singer does n't want to be a diva but takes advice about not being so nice
CNN  -- Didier Drogba is backing his Ivory Coast team to make history by becoming the first African country to reach the final of the World Cup next year . Drogba is contemplating a big challenge by the Ivory Coast in South Africa . The Chelsea striker scored the decisive goal as the Elephants sealed their place in South Africa with a 1-1 draw against Malawi on Saturday , but he is now looking ahead to the finals with relish . "  It is going to be a challenge , " the 31-year-old told reporters . "  To make it to the final will not be easy because there are great teams like Brazil and Germany who have won the World Cup for many years . "  But my teammates and I want to make history and want to change the way the world sees African football . Can an African team win the World Cup next year ? "  I hope that we 'll be the team that is going to go to the final and win the competition . " Ivory Coast have joined Ghana as definite qualifiers from Africa , with three other places up for grabs in the final round of matches in November . Drogba is one of several stars in the Ivorian squad with Champions League experience , including Barcelona 's Yaya Toure who is anxious to erase memories of their failure to qualify from the group stages in the 2006 finals in Germany . "  At the last World Cup we played really well in Germany , but we were unlucky because we were in a very tough group with Argentina and Holland and so went out in the first round , " he said . "  But I think with this kind of experience , it will be possible at South Africa 2010 to do much better . Perhaps we can make the quarterfinals and then semifinals , this is something we can achieve . " Coach Vahid Halilhodzic is also upbeat after seeing his side fight back from a goal down against Malawi to top African Group E. "  We are very proud to participate in the World Cup for the second consecutive time and this time it is going to be better , " he added .	Didier Drogba targets World Cup glory with African powerhouses Ivory Coast Drogba scored crucial goal as Ivory Coast clinched qualification for South Africa Ivory Coast exited in group stages at the World Cup finals in Germany in 2006
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Promoters yanked the rock band KISS from the Michael Jackson tribute show Tuesday after fans called their attention to negative remarks KISS leader Gene Simmons made about the pop star in the weeks after his death . The reversals came a day after Katherine Jackson appeared live on CNN to announce the addition of KISS to the lineup for "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert , " scheduled for October 8 in Cardiff , Wales . "  We have listened to Michael 's fans and are grateful to have been alerted to these unfortunate statements by Gene Simmons , " Global Live Events CEO Chris Hunt told CNN Tuesday . Fan clubs appeared in open revolt against the tribute show after promoters added the group . Fan websites pointed to published interviews in which Simmons spoke about his suspicions that Jackson , who was acquitted of child molestation in 2005 , was a pedophile . The executors of the Michael Jackson estate also spoke out late Monday , sending a letter to the promoters saying they were "  especially disappointed " by the announcement that KISS was in the show . The estate asked promoters to provide an explanation . "  As I am sure you are aware , Mr. Simmons has made numerous disparaging public comments about Michael Jackson after his passing , " estate lawyer Howard Weitzman wrote in the letter obtained by CNN . He called media coverage of the controversy "  extraordinarily embarrassing . " The estate , which has not sanctioned the event , also questioned the promoters ' promise to share profits with charities and a provision in the terms of the ticket sale that so long as 50 % of the billed acts show up there would be no refunds , . "  It is a concern to us that loyal Michael Jackson fans will pay for tickets and not receive full benefit for their purchase , nor will they be able to get a full refund if certain artists they paid to see cancel their participation , " the letter said . The promoters replied Tuesday morning . "  Under the circumstances we fully agree that even though KISS is a band Michael admired , we have no choice but to rescind our invitation to them to appear in our tribute concert , " Hunt said . Promoters , who had hoped the addition of the legendary group would bolster their lineup , said they were unaware of Simmons ' statements when they booked KISS for the show . "  We offer our sincerest apologies to Mrs. Jackson and the family for this oversight . Our primary concern must be to do justice to Michael 's memory , and to put on a tribute that the family and the fans will find suitable and fit for a King , our King of Pop , " Hunt said . Simmons ' comments were well-known among many Jackson fans . Fan websites quickly posted scathing objections after Monday 's announcement . "  In the days following Michael Jackson 's death , Gene Simmons has made slanderous , derogatory comments about Michael and his children , " the fan site United For Michael Jackson 's Legacy said . "  It is quite ironic that Simmons has now agreed to himself pay tribute to the man he called a child predator . " The fan website MJ4Justice was one of several calling for a boycott of the show . "  Either they do n't have access to computers , telephones or do not know how to use GOOGLE , " MJ4Justice said in an online statement . "  But , There is NO excuse for the Tribute organizers NOT to know Gene Simmons should not be part of any Michael Jackson Tribute Event . " Global Live Events executives appeared with Jackson matriarch Katherine Jackson on CNN Monday to announce the signing of KISS . "  I know he would be very excited about KISS , " Michael Jackson 's mother said . But within minutes , their tribute 's Facebook page was filled with negative fan reactions . "  This is a complete disgrace , " wrote one fan . "  You can kiss your audience goodbye folks . I doubt whether any self-respecting fan will pay a penny to see that man after the comments he made about Michael . I 'm shocked this act was even considered . " The KISS controversy overshadowed other announcements that promoters expected would gain fan support for their show , including word that many of the musicians who played in Jackson 's touring band for the past two decades would reunite as the show 's house band . Kevin Dorsey , who served as musical director for several Michael Jackson tours , will direct the show . Other acts signed for the show include Christina Aguilera , Leona Lewis , Smokey Robinson , Cee Lo Green and JLS . Alternative rock band Alien Ant Farm and British R&B singer Craig David are also on the bill . Members of the Jackson family set to take the stage include "  the next generation of Jacksons " and 3T , which consists of Tito Jackson 's three sons , the promoters said . It is also expected that one or more of the three Jackson sisters -- Janet , La Toya and Rebe -- will perform . It appeared unlikely the tribute stage would be the scene for a reunion for the surviving members of the Jackson 5 . While Jackie , Tito and Marlon support the concert , brothers Jermaine and Randy have publicly objected to the show being held at the same time as the trial for Michael Jackson 's doctor . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death , " Jermaine and Randy Jackson said in a joint statement last month . Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial is scheduled to begin in September and is expected to continue through October . "  The trial is very important and I can understand how Randy and Jermaine feel , but it 's been two years , " Katherine Jackson told CNN Monday . "  I thought it was a good idea ; I 'd like to keep Michael 's legacy alive . " Katherine Jackson plans to attend the trial , although she will miss some days to fly to Wales to attend the show with Michael Jackson 's children , she said . "  It will be on a Saturday when the courtroom is dark , " said Paul Ring , a Global Live Events executive . Fans can get tickets through a two-step process . They must first "  register their interest for tickets " online at http://www.michaelforevertribute.com/ . A lottery then will decide which fans will be e-mailed invitations to complete the ticket purchase . The concert in the Wales Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , which seats 75,000 people , will be at least four hours long , Global Live Events CEO Chris Hunt said .	NEW : "  We have listened to Michael 's fans , " the promoter says KISS leader Gene Simmons made negative remarks about Michael Jackson after his death Tribute organizers say they were unaware of the comments Several fan sites were calling for a boycott of the October 8 concert
CNN  -- Five years from now , there 's an excellent chance you wo n't have the same health insurance you have  or do n't have  right now . That 's because members of Congress are gearing up to reform the U.S. health care system , and unlike in 1993 when then-first lady Hillary Clinton tried her hand at changing the medical system , this time the important players -- doctors , insurance companies , pharmaceutical manufacturers -- seem to be on board . You heard a lot about health care reform this week , and you 'll be hearing even more in the months to come . It 's an incredibly confusing , complex issue , so in this week 's Empowered Patient , we break it down for you with 10 frequently asked questions about health care reform . Overhauling health care is key to U.S. economic stability , President Obama tells doctors Monday . 1 . Why is health care reform such a hot issue right now ? Fewer and fewer Americans have health insurance , and therefore can not afford good medical care . Nearly 46 million Americans have no insurance , and 25 million more are underinsured . One major reason for this crisis is that many employers have stopped offering insurance to employees because of the high cost . In the United States , total health care spending was $ 2.4 trillion in 2007 -- or $ 7,900 per person -- according to an analysis published in the journal Health Affairs . The United States spends 52 percent more per person than the next most costly nation , Norway , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . There 's little debate that health care reform is necessary -- President Obama , Republican and Democratic members of Congress , the American Medical Association and America 's Health Insurance Plans , which represents the insurance industry , all have agreed the system needs to be changed , although they disagree on how to do it . 2 . So let 's start with Obama . What are his plans for revamping the system ? A central point of the president 's plan is to create a government-sponsored health insurance program that would be an option for all Americans , similar to how Medicare is now an option for Americans over age 65 . He has also said he 'd "  like to see " prohibitions against insurers discriminating against people with pre-existing conditions , and incentives for people to use preventive services and wellness plans . Obama outlined this plan last week at a town hall meeting in Green Bay , Wisconsin , and on his Web site . 3 . How does the president plan to pay for this ? Obama said he 's already identified "  hundreds of billions of dollars " worth of savings in the federal budget that could help finance health care reform , such as rooting out waste , fraud and abuse in Medicare and Medicaid . He 's also proposed reducing tax deductions for high-income Americans . 4 . What do the Republicans think of Obama 's plan ? In particular , they do n't like the idea of having a government-sponsored health insurance program for all Americans . They fear employers would opt for the government-run insurance over private insurance because the government option would most likely be less expensive , but Republicans say it would also be lower quality . For information , see House Minority Leader John Boehner 's Web site . 5 . Since they do n't like Obama 's ideas , how would Republicans like to reform health care ? Republicans think Obama 's plan is costly and will make health insurance more expensive , not less . In a plan outlined this week , House Republicans proposed individual tax breaks for buying health insurance and "  pools " of states and small business to get lower-cost health care plans . They also proposed increasing incentives for people to build health savings accounts , allowing dependent children to stay on parents ' policies until age 25 and encouraging employers to reward employees for improved health . 6 . I 'm happy with the insurance I receive from my employer . What would health care reform mean for me ? If you receive high-quality health insurance from your employer , Obama said , his plan wo n't change that , and you can still keep your insurance and your doctors . Republicans , however , said that if Obama gets his way , there 's a good chance your employer will stop buying the private insurance you have now and instead opt for the less-expensive government plan . 7 . I have a pre-existing condition and ca n't get health insurance . Will health care reform help me ? You have a terrible problem and you 're in good company . Millions of people who do n't get insurance through their employer try to get insurance on their own and are turned down because they have a pre-existing condition . Obama said at the Green Bay town hall meeting that under his reforms , no insurance plan "  would be able to deny coverage on the basis of pre-existing conditions , " but he did n't explain how he would force insurance companies to insure people with pre-existing health problems . Similarly , Boehner wrote on his blog that "  quality health coverage must exist for every American , regardless of pre-existing health conditions , " but did not explain how he would pay to insure people with pre-existing conditions . 8 . How do doctors feel about health care reform ? The American Medical Association said while it believes in health care reform , "  the AMA does not believe that creating a public health insurance option ... is the best way to expand health insurance coverage . " The AMA has told members of Congress that doctors fear a new government-sponsored health insurance program would reimburse them at Medicare rates . "  Medicare reimbursement rates have not kept pace with the cost of practice , " AMA President Dr. Nancy Nielsen told CNN earlier this week . "  Our Medicare rates are back at 2001 rates , and the reality is , that 's not where our rent is , that 's not where the electricity is . The system for paying doctors is a broken system , and everybody acknowledges it . " Other doctors ' groups , however , support the idea . The American Academy of Family Physicians , the National Physicians Alliance and other groups put out a statement of support this week for Obama 's plan . "  Having the choice of a public health insurance plan will help make health care more affordable for patients , foster greater competition in the insurance market and guarantee that quality , affordable coverage will be there for our patients no matter what happens , " they wrote in a joint statement . . 9 . Obama has mentioned high health care costs in McAllen , Texas , several times . What 's up with that ? According to research conducted at the Dartmouth Institute , the average per person health costs for McAllen are sky-high compared with costs in other cities . In McAllen , the average Medicare beneficiary spends $ 15,758 per year , while the average Medicare patient in LaCrosse , Wisconsin , spends $ 6,412 per year . Another comparison : The cost in Miami , Florida , is $ 18,170 , compared with $ 7,478 in Portland , Oregon . Dartmouth researchers believe doctors in high-priced cities tend to refer to specialists more and are more likely to put patients in the hospital rather than handling their problems on an outpatient basis . 10 . How do health care costs in the U.S. compare with costs in other countries ? In the United States , every person spends on average $ 6,714 for health care . That 's significantly higher than in the United Kingdom , where $ 2,760 per person is spent ; or in France , where the cost is $ 3,449 per person ; or in Canada , where medical costs are $ 3,678 per person , according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . While some would argue that medical care is better in the United States than in these other countries , others would say the opposite is true . For example , the United States ranks 50th in life expectancy , and 180th infant mortality  meaning 179 countries have higher infant mortality rates such as Angola and Turkey and 43 countries have lower infant mortality rates such as France and Sweden  according to the CIA World Factbook . For more on international price comparisons , see this segment " on CNN Newsroom . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler , Marcy Heard and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report	President Obama says health care reform is a priority ; other stakeholders on board U.S. spends 52 percent more per person than the next most costly nation Obama wants government-sponsored health insurance program Republicans think plan is costly , will make health insurance more expensive
CNN  -- IndyCar racers wo n't return next year to the Las Vegas track where two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon died in a fiery , 15-vehicle crash , the racing series said on Thursday . Wheldon 's name was n't mentioned in a news release explaining IndyCar 's decision not to have its season-ending race next October 14 in Nevada , as originally planned . And there was no indication that the circuit had ruled out its drivers coming back another year , after 2012 . The move followed consultations between IndyCar and Las Vegas Motor Speedway officials , in which the key parties said "  considerable testing with the new car is needed prior to returning to the facility , " according to the release . The new car for the IZOD IndyCar racing series is set to debut next year . "  We feel we need to give our technical team ample time to conduct thorough testing at Las Vegas Motor Speedway , once we complete our ongoing investigation " into the October 16 crash , IndyCar CEO Randy Bernard said . Weeks before the fatal wreck , Wheldon was behind the wheel of the new prototype car -- one meant to make his sport safer , and ideally no less exciting . The Englishman had been outspoken for months about safety . IndyCar Vice President Will Phillips said in an October story on IndyCar.com , the racing series ' official website , that Wheldon had provided "  consistent and concise " feedback in this effort . The crash that killed him raised even more questions , about safety in motor sports generally and at the Las Vegas track specifically . The 33-year-old was among those driving at about 220 mph in tight quarters in the 34-vehicle field when several members of the pack spun out of control and burst into flames . Two days later , IndyCar announced there would be an investigation . It is being done by the Automobile Competition Committee of the United States and the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile , the sport 's national and international governing bodies . The loop in Las Vegas is 1.5 miles , one mile shorter than the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . It also is wider than many others -- such that more cars can run alongside -- and potentially collide with -- one another . After Wheldon 's death , driver Dario Franchitti told ABC News that the oval offered "  nowhere to get away from anybody . " "  This is not a suitable track , and we 've seen it today , " he said .	Two-time Indy 500 champ Dan Wheldon died at Las Vegas track in October IndyCar says it needs more time for an investigation and to test its new car Las Vegas track is comparatively wide , allowing more side-by-side racing "  This is not a suitable track , " driver Dario Franchitti told ABC News after the crash
CNN  -- Michael Phelps rounded off his record breaking career with his 18th Olympic gold medal as part of the winning U.S. 4x100m medley relay squad Saturday . It was his fourth gold in London -- two individual , two team -- and extended his all-time Games record to 22 medals . Phelps swam the third butterfly leg and helped overhaul surprise leaders Japan to give Nathan Adrian a small lead for the freestyle finish . He had started his final Games with a disappointing fourth in the men 's 400m individual medley behind teammate Ryan Lochte and was pipped in his trademark 200m butterfly by South African Chad le Clos . But ever resourceful , Phelps , who won eight gold medals in Beijing in 2008 , ended the meet as the leading swimmer with four golds and two silvers . Fellow American 17-year-old Missy Franklin ended as the top female swimmer in terms of medal tally in London as she joined Allison Schmitt , Rebecca Soni and Dana Vollmer to win their medley relay in a world record time of three minutes 52.05 seconds . Franklin also broke the world record in winning the 200m backstroke , one of her four gold medals , backed up by a bronze . The most emphatic victory on the final night of swimming finals came courtesy of China 's Sun Yang in the men 's 1500m , the longest race in the pool . A shout from a spectator distracted Sun and he false started , but was quickly reinstated in the race . Once underway , it was a procession as he added to gold in the 400m freestyle by smashing his own world record with a time of 14 minutes 31.02 seconds . "  I thought I was going to be disqualified , " Sun told gathered reporters . "  I did n't expect the false start and I was very worried about being disqualified . " Sun ended with two golds -- the first man from China to win an Olympic swimming title -- and a silver from the 200 free . Canadian Ryan Cochrane was more than eight seconds back with Beijing champion Oussama Mellouli in third . The other gold of the night went to Ranomi Kromowidjojo , who took the women 's 50m free from Aliaksandra Herasimenia of Belarus and Dutch teammate Marleen Veldhuis . It completed the 50-100 double for Kromowidjojo .	Michael Phelps wins gold in final race of his swimming career Phelps part of U.S. medley relay squad as he claimed fourth gold of Games Sun Yang of China smashes his own record in men 's 1500 meters U.S. women 's medley squad break world record in taking gold
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- An explosion rocked a candy factory in the Mexican border city of Juarez on Thursday , injuring dozens and killing at least one person , officials said . Search crews were still combing through the rubble hours after the blast , the city 's top civil protection official told CNN affiliate FOROtv . At least one person was confirmed dead , Civil Protection chief Fernando Motta Allen said . At least 42 employees were injured , 11 seriously , according to Efren Matamoros , another Civil Protection official . The explosion caused part of the roof to collapse at the Blueberry candy factory . Preliminary reports indicate that an oven installed several months ago exploded , Matamoros said . Ciudad Juarez is across the border from El Paso , Texas . CNN 's Eduardo Aragon , Elwyn Lopez and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : An official says at least one person was killed in the blast At least 42 people are injured after a factory explosion in Ciudad Juarez , an official says The blast at the Blueberry candy factory caused part of the roof to collapse Preliminary reports indicate an oven explodes , the official says
CNN  -- Two people have been detained in the death of a 43-year-old Montana schoolteacher last seen six days ago while out on a morning jog , law enforcement agencies said Friday . Sidney Public Schools , for which Sherry Arnold had worked as a math teacher at Sidney High School , announced that the school district learned of her death around 9:30 a.m. Friday . No other details were immediately available . Law enforcement officers have taken "  one adult male into custody , and another adult male is being questioned " in relation to Arnold 's case , the FBI said Friday in a statement . "  The investigation to determine what happened to Ms. Arnold continues , " the federal agency said . Sidney Police Chief Frank DiFonzo told reporters later Friday that law enforcement officers in North Dakota -- including members of the Williams County Sheriff 's Office , Williston police and the North Dakota Criminal Investigation Bureau -- helped arrest the first man , who is 47 years old . That man is now being being held in a Williams County , North Dakota , jail . The second male , age 22 , has been "  detained for questioning " in Rapid City , South Dakota , added DiFonzo . The police chief declined to offer further details or answer questions "  because this investigation is rapidly moving forward . " Arnold went running around 6:30 a.m. last Saturday in her small town in eastern Montana , but never returned home . Other than one of her running shoes found along her route , authorities had not indicated -- until Friday -- that there had been any sign of her . The woman 's disappearance rocked Sidney , located about 100 miles south of the Canadian border . It has a population of just under 5,200 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . A massive search effort involved hundreds of volunteers , as well as law enforcement authorities and National Guard members . Authorities on Wednesday "  determined the prudent course of action is to scale back the ground search . " "  We 're such a small community , and crime is absolutely unheard of , " said Christine Mullen , 26 , a CNN iReport contributor who joined the search effort , even though she did n't know Arnold personally . "  We do n't lock our car doors .  We 're  completely shocked . " The FBI said Friday that "  dozens of tips were called into  a  tip line " -- one of which led to the arrest and questioning . Sidney Public Schools said that all sporting events for Friday had been canceled and "  additional counselors  were  on hand " to help students cope . In interviews with HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell earlier this week , the victim 's husband , Gary Arnold , said he was hopeful even as he admitted that the disappearance has been "  very difficult " on the couple 's children . He said that he could n't fathom why anyone "  would harm her in any way . " "  She is a good person . She 's kind , she 's sincere , " Arnold said of his wife . "  She 's a great teacher , a referee , she 's a great wife and mother . "	NEW : One man , 47 , is being held in Arnold 's case in North Dakota , a police chief says NEW : Another man , 22 , is being "  detained for questioning " in South Dakota , he says Sherry Arnold was a teacher with the Sidney Public Schools in eastern Montana She had last been seen six days ago out on a morning run
-LSB- Update 2:15 p.m. ET -RSB- "  We are taking precautions to protect elected officials in the county , " Kaufman County , Texas , Sheriff David Byrnes said at a news conference Sunday after District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were found dead Saturday in their home . -LSB- Posted at 9:29 a.m. ET -RSB- Two months ago , a Texas district attorney vowed to put away the "  scum " who had killed one of his top deputies . Now , the district attorney and his wife are dead . And authorities are n't sure whether their killings are part of a broader scheme targeting criminal justice officials . The bodies of Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were found Saturday in their home in Kaufman County , east of Dallas . "  I do n't know of anyone who would want to cause him harm , " Kaufman city Mayor William Fortner said . "  As far as I could tell , he was doing a really good job as a district attorney . " Fortner said police are taking "  extra precautions " to try to ensure no one else is targeted . "  We lost some important people , and we hope the killers are caught before any more people are lost , " he said . A law enforcement official told The Dallas Morning News that a door was apparently kicked in , and "  there are shell casings everywhere . " Authorities have not identified a suspect . Nor are they sure whether the deaths are related to the killing of Kaufman County Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse , who was killed on his way to work in January . The county sheriff 's office brought in the FBI and the Texas Rangers to help with the investigation . McLelland was an Army veteran who later earned a master 's in psychology and became a psychologist for the Texas Department of Mental Health and Mental Retardation , the district attorney 's website said . He was raised in the small town of Wortham , Texas , where his parents had a ranch . He joined the Army after attending the University of Texas and spent 23 years in the service . He later earned his law degree and practiced as a defense attorney and mental health judge for 18 years before becoming the county 's district attorney in 2010 . McLelland and his wife leave behind two daughters and three sons . One son is a Dallas police officer . Another top prosecutor slain The McLellands were killed almost exactly two months after Hasse was shot to death in broad daylight outside the county courthouse on January 31 . Hasse had feared for his life and carried a gun to work , said a Dallas attorney who described herself as his longtime friend . Colleen A. Dunbar said she spoke with Hasse on January 24 . She said the prosecutor told her he began carrying a gun in and out of the county courthouse daily . "  He told me he would use a different exit every day because he was fearful for his life , " Dunbar told CNN . She said that Hasse gave no specifics on why he felt threatened -- only that he did . McLelland called Hasse "  a stellar prosecutor " who knew that threats were part of the job . He vowed after Hasse 's slaying to put away the "  scum " who killed his deputy . "  I hope that the people that did this are watching , because we 're very confident that we 're going to find you , " McLelland told reporters . "  We 're going to pull you out of whatever hole you 're in , we 're going to bring you back and let the people of Kaufman County prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law . "	Mayor : "  We hope the killers are caught before any more people are lost " Kaufman County DA Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , are found dead in their home Two months ago , McLelland 's deputy was shot to death outside the county courthouse Investigators are not sure whether the deaths are linked
CNN  -- A Greyhound bus overturned in southeastern Pennsylvania early Saturday , injuring at least 14 people , none of them seriously , the company said . Officials said earlier that as many as 25 passengers could have been involved in the wreck , but Greyhound spokeswoman Maureen Richmond said later that a total of 18 people were on the bus . Four of those passengers were uninjured and able to continue with their scheduled trips , Richmond said . Fourteen others , meanwhile , were transported to local hospitals , treated and released , she said . The driver was among the injured . The bus originated in New York with a destination of St. Louis , Richmond said . The bus was on the Philadelphia to Columbus , Ohio , leg of the trip at the time of the accident , she said . CNN 's Deanna Proeller contributed to this report .	NEW : All the injured have been released from hospital care The bus was headed from Philadelphia to Columbus , Ohio
CNN  -- Two Iranians were convicted in a Bangkok court Thursday over a botched bomb plot last year that resulted in one losing both of his legs as he hurled an explosive device while trying to escape arrest . Saied Moradi , 29 , was found guilty of attempted murder , causing explosions and violating gun laws , and was sentenced to life imprisonment , Thai police spokesman Phanom Chuathong told CNN . Muhammad Khazaei , 43 , was sentenced to 15 years jail for causing explosions and causing damage to public and private property . Israel has maintained the explosives were part of a plot aimed at assassinating Israeli diplomats in Bangkok  $ " a claim Tehran has refuted . Both men -- who were charged with criminal rather than terrorism offenses -- denied any involvement in a plot , saying they were unaware of explosives in their home . The court also demanded the two men pay reparations valued at around 2 million baht  $ 62,300  to compensate for the damage caused . Thai authorities said five suspects escaped from a villa in the Thai capital following the blast , two of whom are still on the run . Moradi was injured when he detonated two bombs -- one when a taxi driver refused to give him a ride and another when he tried to throw a bomb at police officers as they closed in on him . The court heard that Khazaei ran out of the house after the first explosion and headed to the airport where police arrested him at the boarding gate . A third man , Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , managed to board a plane to Malaysia . Chuathong told CNN the court ruling would "  certainly have an impact on the High Court of Malaysia 's decision on the extradition request from Bangkok . " Zadeh has been in custody in Malaysia since last year , pending a High Court decision on his extradition to Thailand . At the time of the blasts , Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said : "  Iran is a threat to the stability of the world . They are targeting innocent diplomats . "  The international community has to denounce the Iranian actions and to indicate red lines concerning the Iranian aggression . " Ramin Mehmanparast , a spokesman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry , responded by condemning the blasts on Iran 's state-run Press TV in an article on its website , but added : "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . "	Iranians jailed over botched February 2012 bomb attack One man sentenced to life in prison , the other to 15 years jail Saied Moradi , 29 , lost both legs in the attack when he hurled a bomb at police Israel says the failed bomb plot was aimed at its diplomats . Iran denies involvement
CNN  -- Country singer Billy Currington -- charged with threatening a charter boat captain who the performer allegedly thought sped too fast by his dock in coastal Georgia -- turned himself in to authorities , a district attorney 's spokesman said . Currington , 39 , was released on bail a few hours after arriving at the sheriff 's department in Chatham County , Georgia , on Thursday afternoon , county district attorney 's spokesman Daniel Baxter said . A grand jury in Savannah handed up a two-count indictment Wednesday accusing Currington of terroristic threats for allegedly threatening bodily harm against Charles Harvey Ferrelle last week . An elder abuse charge was included because Farrelle is 70 years old . The police report , obtained by CNN affiliate WSAV , says Ferrelle filed a criminal complaint saying "  he feared for his life " after Currington screamed at him and followed him in a boat . Ferrelle , a charter boat captain , was giving a boat tour around Tybee Island , Georgia , when he passed by Currington 's property on April 15 , the report said . Currington yelled at the boat from shore and then jumped in his own boat and followed as Ferrelle went to his slip at a nearby dock , it said . Currington threatened that "  he was going to f -- k Mr. Ferrelle up , " the police report said . "  If I had n't gotten into my slip fast enough , I believe he would have run me over , " Ferrelle told an investigator . Currington and his representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . But the singer posted a message to fans through his Twitter account : "  hey guys , I wanted to thank everyone for the huge amount of support that I have received already . Unfortunately , I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter . It means a lot to me to have your support during this time . " Although Currington resides primarily in Nashville , he is a native of Rincon , Georgia , which is about 35 miles inland from Tybee Island . Currington 's hit country songs include "  Must Be Doin ' Somethin' Right , " "  Good Directions , " "  People Are Crazy , " "  That 's How Country Boys Roll , " "  Pretty Good at Drinkin ' Beer , " and "  Let Me Down Easy . " CNN 's Alan Duke , Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Billy Currington turned himself in to authorities Thursday , the district attorney 's office says Currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against a boat captain in Georgia The 70-year-old boat captain told police he feared for his life after the incident Currington 's country hits include "  People Are Crazy " and "  That 's How Country Boys Roll "
CNN  -- Attackers shot a mayor-elect at least five times at a veterinary clinic in a Mexican border state Friday night , officials said . Ricardo Solis Manriquez was in critical condition at a local hospital after one of the bullets hit him in the head , said Carlos Gonzalez Estrada , a spokesman for the attorney general 's office in Chihuahua . Solis , the mayor-elect of the town of Gran Morelos , was scheduled to take office October 9 . The shooting was the latest in a string of attacks against elected officials in Mexico , where at least four mayors have been killed in the past two months . A leading gubernatorial candidate also was killed in late June . On Thursday , authorities said gunmen killed Prisciliano Rodriguez Salinas , the mayor of Doctor Gonzalez , a small town in the border state of Nuevo Leon . Political parties in Mexico were quick to condemn the violence . "  Both events , the latest in a chain of episodes of violence that threaten to destabilize the rule of law in many cities of the country , can not go unpunished and demand an immediate response , " said Hortensia Aragon , general secretary of the left-wing Party of the Democratic Revolution . Aragon said in a statement that the attacks were "  cases that exemplify that the Mexican political class has once again become cannon fodder due to the inability of the federal government to contain the violence that prevails in our country . " President Felipe Calderon condemned the Nuevo Leon attack . And his National Action Party also issued a statement asking state authorities to investigate and punish those responsible . Authorities have said drug cartels were suspected in earlier deaths of the politicians , a relatively recent development in the government 's bloody war on organized crime that has seen more than 28,000 people killed in less than four years . But Nuevo Leon State Attorney General Alejandro Garza y Garza told reporters Friday that the death of Rodriguez , who was killed on his ranch Thursday , might not be connected with organized crime , state-run news agency Notimex reported . "  The form of operating is not directly how organized crime does it , so we could be dealing with another type of event , " he said .	A mayor-elect is in critical condition after being shot in the head The shooting is the latest attack against elected officials in Mexico At least four mayors have been killed in the past two months One political party leader says politicians have become "  cannon fodder "
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki kept her hopes of a maiden grand slam title alive on Tuesday when she came from behind to defeat Francesca Schiavone in the Australian Open quarterfinals . Denmark 's Wozniacki lost the first set in her last-eight tie with sixth seed Schiavone before she fought back to clinch a 3-6 6-3 6-3 success . Schiavone , from Italy , overcame Svetlana Kuznetsova in an energy-sapping four-hour match on Sunday , however , she still had enough in the tank to take the opening set and steal a break of serve at the start of the second . Wozniacki had never reached the semifinals at Melbourne Park , but she battled back to set up a last-four meeting with ninth seed Li Na . "  It was very difficult , " Wozniacki told the WTA Tour 's website . "  Francesca was playing well . I just thought , ` Take one ball at a time and do n't give up . ' "  That 's what happens sometimes in tennis . You just need to stay focused . Today everything went in my favor afterwards and I 'm happy to sit here as the winner . " World number one Wozniacki , who was beaten in the 2009 U.S. Open final by Kim Clijsters , ensured she will remain at the top of the rankings with her last-eight victory . "  I do n't think about the rankings , " she said . "  I just want to win every match I 'm playing , then we 'll see what happens . If I 'm number one , it 's fantastic , but I 'm focusing on my matches . " Li booked her second-successive semifinal appearance in Melbourne with a 6-2 6-4 over Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . China 's Li has enjoyed a perfect start to the 2011 season with a run of 10 victories in a row . "  It was tough , " the 28-year-old said . "  I only practiced with Andrea one time last year . So , at the beginning of the match , I was a little bit nervous . But I played well today . " Li , who lost to eventual winner Serena Williams in the 2010 tournament , is bidding to become China 's first grand slam singles champion . Germany 's Petkovic said after their clash she believes her conqueror will go on to claim the title . "  I think she played really well , " the 30th seed said . "  I think she 's going to win the tournament . "  It 's just the feeling , how she is on the court , her confidence and the way she 's playing . Sometimes you get the feeling during the match that somebody is really strong and just has that confidence going on , that aura maybe . "	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki is into the semifinals of the Australian Open The Dane beat Francesca Schiavone 3-6 6-3 6-3 to reach her first Melbourne semifinal She will face Li Na of China , who defeated Andrea Petkovic in straight-sets Li is bidding to become China 's first grand slam singles champion
CNN  -- Severe storms pounded south-central Michigan Sunday , knocking out power to more than 100,000 customers and cutting a path of destruction through the city of Battle Creek , officials said . "  The storms hit our business corridor and residential area the hardest , " said Mike McKenzie , Battle Creek 's emergency services director . "  There are numerous trees on houses and cars , widespread power outages and a lot of businesses damaged . " The severe weather hit Battle Creek late Sunday afternoon , kicking up winds in excess of 80 mph , according to McKenzie , who said no major injuries had been reported . In Calhoun County , where Battle Creek is located , some 29,000 customers of Consumers Power were without electricity late Sunday , company spokesman Jay Jacobs said . Throughout the states , 104,000 customers of the utility were without power . Severe weather also raked the Chicago area , forcing the cancellation of 450 flights , according to a media official at O'Hare International Airport . CNN 's Rick Martin and Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Some 29,000 are without power in Calhoun County , Michigan Severe weather hit Battle Creek 's business and residential area , emergency director says 450 flights were canceled in Chicago
CNN  -- Pakistani Taliban factions and their allies have set up a council of elders in hopes of coordinating efforts against NATO troops in Afghanistan , a spokesman said Monday . The five participating factions , including the Taliban branch led by Hakimullah Mehsud and the militant Haqqani network , announced the move in a leaflet circulated in the Pakistani tribal district of North Waziristan over the weekend . The council 's creation was spurred by fugitive Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar , who urged the Pakistani Taliban and associated jihadist groups to put aside their internal disputes and work together to battle the U.S.-led alliance across the border , Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan told CNN . 15 killed in Pakistan explosions near Afghanistan Ihsan told CNN that Omar had sent three of his representatives to Pakistan to urge the jihadist movements there to put aside their differences and work together to attack coalition forces in Afghanistan . Ihsan said the insurgents would start moving across the mountainous border in March . The Taliban ruled most of Afghanistan before the U.S.-led invasion that followed the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The fundamentalist Islamic militia was quickly turned out of power but regrouped in the countryside and has been battling NATO troops and the Western-backed government in Kabul ever since . The leaflet announcing the council calls for an immediate halt to the killings and kidnappings of innocent people . But the Pakistani Taliban will keep fighting Pakistani security forces as long as their attacks on the Taliban continue , Ihsan said . Journalist Saboor Khattak contributed to this report .	Five jihadist groups will coordinate efforts , a Pakistani Taliban spokesman says Fugitive Mullah Omar has asked Pakistani groups to work together , the spokesman says A leaflet calls for an end to the killings of innocent people
Mountain View , California  CNN  -- Software developer Intuit is n't concerned about which of the two most popular applications for personal finance people choose . It owns both of them . Many families use either Quicken or Mint.com year-round to track budgets and review billing statements . Intuit , which also makes TurboTax , maintains the two personal-finance tools in tandem , and recent updates to each , such as the free Mint iPad app that launched on Wednesday or the major new version of Quicken that hit stores last month , are indicative of how different their audiences think about their money . Quicken 2012 has a revamped look and a new debt-reduction-planning feature . Quicken comes in many flavors and can cost anywhere from $ 30 to $ 150 , with one advertisement for a Quicken credit card shown infrequently . It 's only available for Windows , and it stores data on the user 's computer , which is important for the security-minded but prevents people from accessing their accounts from multiple devices . On the other hand , Mint 's website and applications , which can all provide access to a single account 's information stored on Intuit 's servers , are free with ads for cards , banks and insurance companies tailored to a user 's spending habits sprinkled throughout . Mint seems to push out updates to its website and mobile apps constantly , but the iPad version was a long-awaited release for many people who use the service regularly . The two tools take different approaches to money management and have each found niches . Quicken has been around for nearly 30 years , whereas Mint was founded in 2006 and was acquired by Intuit just a couple of years ago . "  Changing people 's habits is hard , " Intuit co-founder Scott Cook said in a recent interview . "  Mint is for the person who does n't want to think . They do n't want to track or check anything . " Quicken still has a sizable customer base , and people keep buying it because access to online services expires after about 31/2 years . At least three versions of Quicken 2012 appear in the top 50 for software sold on Amazon.com , but an Intuit spokeswoman declined to provide sales data . She said Mint has more than 7 million users . About a third of Quicken customers buy a new version every year , and another third upgrade every three years , said Eddy Wu , an Intuit senior product manager . Presumably , the last third either loses interest in tracking their bills or switches to something like Mint . One might assume that Quicken users are obsessively tabulating each transaction they make rather than letting computers do the thinking , either due to a mistrust of their banks or a mistrust in storing their sensitive info in the cloud . However , more people are using the automatic input mechanisms provided by financial institutions , while only 20 % to 30 % of Quicken users input manually , according to Wu 's research at Intuit . "  Most people do n't like to do all that manual data entry , " Wu said . "  People are n't as scared of the Internet anymore . " So Intuit has beefed up Quicken 's Web-based features . If people choose not to use these features , they can bask in the safety of keeping everything on their own machines . The Mint and Quicken teams keep each other informed about what they 're working on for their respective software , but the development teams are separate , Wu said . Intuit is mulling how it might converge the two apps , or at least make them more interoperable , but it has no immediate plans to build that bridge , he said . Intuit has managed to ward off many competitors over the years . Microsoft made several attempts of its own , most notably with the Microsoft Money program . When it struggled to make inroads and then failed in its $ 1.5 billion bid to acquire Intuit in 1994 due to federal antitrust concerns , Microsoft retreated . According to Cook , who founded Intuit with Tom Proulx , Microsoft 's Bill Gates admitted to him privately , "  We thought we could copy your products , but we could n't copy your word of mouth . "	Intuit makes some of the most popular financial management programs Mint.com and Quicken , in many ways , compete with each other Intuit is not concerned about pitting two apps against each other if it owns both
CNN  -- On the last day of October 2011 , the U.N. says the world population will hit seven billion people -- an increase of one billion since 1999 . To show some of the impacts of this vast human upheaval , Canadian anthropologist Felix Pharand has created a series of visualizations mapping the presence of technology onto a selection of satellite images showing the Earth from space . U.N. : World can ` thrive ' as population reaches 7 billion Using data from a range of sources , including the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and the World Meteorological Organization , the images depict a sprawl of air traffic routes , the underwater cables that carry the internet , road and rail networks , pipelines , shipping lanes and electricity transmission lines . "  These images are illustrations of how far we have come at transforming our home planet , " said Pharand , who is founder-director of Globaia -- an environmental education organization based in Quebec . "  It shows a human-dominated planet where wilderness areas are shrinking and where the habitats of other species are decreasing in size , " he added . According to the U.N. Population Fund , it took the whole of human history until the early 19th century to reach a population of one billion people , and it was not until 1927 that the figure doubled to two billion . Now , the U.N. calculates that the global population will reach nine billion by 2050 and , by the end of the century , it says there could be up to 16 billion people on the planet . "  We humans have become a major force of operation on the biosphere . My goal is to foster global awareness of these issues by changing people 's worldviews , " said Pharand . "  The strength of these images is , I think , the fact that they are wordless and global , and their overall meaning can be grasped instantly by almost anyone without having to describe them with labels and legend . " Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report	A new series of computer visualizations show impact of human technology on earth Canadian anthropologist says he hopes images will change people 's view of planet U.N. global population to reach seven billion by end of October 2011
CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's longtime partner and attorney Howard K. Stern and two doctors were charged Thursday with conspiring to furnish drugs before her death in 2007 , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend Howard K. Stern was among those charged Thursday . Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 after being found unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino near Hollywood , Florida . The former Playboy playmate and reality TV star died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs . At the time of her death several prescription medications -- both in Smith 's name and that of her partner and lawyer , Stern -- were found in the room . Officials said prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith 's system , including three antidepressants or antianxiety drugs . Also found in toxicology testing was human growth hormone and chloral hydrate , a sleep medication , officials said . Stern , 40 , and doctors Sandeep Kapoor , 40 , and Khristine Eroshevich , 61 , were each charged with eight felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions between June 2004 and January 2007 -- only weeks before the playmate 's death . Kapoor and Eroshevich were each also charged with obtaining a prescription for opiates by "  fraud , deceit or misrepresentation . " Each were also charged with one count of obtaining a prescription for opiates by giving a false name or address , according to the DA 's office . All three were charged with one count of "  prescribing , administering or dispensing a controlled substance to an addict . " Smith was buried in the Bahamas March 2 next to the grave of her son , Daniel , who died in September , shortly after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn .	Howard K. Stern , Sandeep Kapoor , Khristine Eroshevich charged with eight felonies The three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before her death Former Playboy playmate died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs All three charged with giving "  a controlled substance to an addict "
CNN  -- If one legendary basketball superstar on the cover of your video game is great , what about three ? 2K Sports announced Thursday that the cover art of their upcoming NBA simulation game , "  NBA 2K12 , " will feature not just the return of Michael Jordan but also covers featuring 1980s greats Larry Bird and Magic Johnson . Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game packaging . The artwork of each athlete was created for 2K Sports by artist Adam Larson . Larson 's sports work has been highlighted in a cover of ESPN Magazine , featured in art galleries and won numerous awards . Jason Argent , vice president of marketing for 2K Sports , said after the huge success of Jordan on the cover for "  NBA 2K11 , " the company signed His Airness to a multiyear partnership . But he said the company wanted to give fans more than just a repeat . "  We are constantly focused on breaking the mold , not falling into any sort of pattern , " he said . "  We wanted to make a big statement and a big departure and continue to evolve and grow this franchise , which has been such a great level of success for us . " Argent said the three covers for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions will be shipped in equal numbers to each retail location in the U.S. . He said all other platform versions and non-U.S. locations will only get the Jordan cover . "  The idea was to keep doing things bigger and better and continue to shake things up . " Argent said he thought the multicover approach was a first in the sports video game genre and extends the strong legacy established by "  NBA 2K11 . " Last year 's game sold more than 5 million units worldwide and won 14 Sports Game of the Year honors . He said they were n't ready to release gameplay details at this time , but the philosophy and success of the Jordan Challenge in "  NBA 2K11 " would be continued and expanded in the new version . "  NBA 2K12 " will be available on October 4 , 2011 , for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation2 , Xbox 360 , Wii , PSP and Windows PC .	Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game The artwork of each athlete is stylized and unique for 2K Sports , created by Adam Larson NBA 2K12 " will be available on October 4 , 2011
CNN  -- A mother died trying to protect her daughter when a tornado hit her home , a Louisiana mayor said , one of at least two twisters tied to a weather system that 's caused major damage in the state and wreaked havoc on Mardi Gras festivities . Rayne , Louisiana , Mayor James "  Jimbo " Petitjean told reporters that the 21-year-old woman , who was not identified , was killed when a tree fell on her house . Her daughter is "  doing fine , from what we heard , " he said . "  It 's unfortunate , and that 's where we really need your prayers , " Petijean said . The National Weather Service confirmed that tornadoes hit that city , about 80 miles west of Baton Rouge , and the nearby city of Crowley on Saturday morning . In addition to the mother who died , at least 11 were hurt when the twister struck Rayne at about 10 a.m. , according to Police Chief Carroll Stelly . Packing winds between 111 and 135 mph , the tornado was 300 yards wide and produced damage over a 5-mile stretch , according to the weather service . The northwest section of Rayne was especially hard hit , with video from CNN affiliate KATC showing several buildings leveled , lots reduced to rubble and large trees knocked down . Petijean said the city 's electricity infrastructure was badly damaged , with power going out for all its 10,000 residents soon after the tornado came through . The mayor said he hoped electricity could be restored to 80 % of the city by day 's end , as utility workers try to rework the grid to maximize access . In addition , several houses were knocked off their foundations and there were reports of gas leaks , which led to mandatory evacuations of about 1,500 residents in the city 's northwest , Petijean said . Emergency personnel went door-to-door to make sure everyone had left their homes , state police Trooper Stephen Hammons said . The mayor said a curfew is being imposed in part of the city , with people asked to stay indoors until 6 a.m. Sunday while authorities check to ensure all is safe . Some of those evacuated are being cared for by the Red Cross . The impact zone is an area about one to two square miles , said Rayne police dispatcher Whitney Thibodaux . Among the buildings affected were a public housing units and Rayne High School , with damage to the computer room , library and gym . Three people , meanwhile , suffered injuries when the twister hit Crowley , according to the National Weather Service . Debris was reported along a 2-mile-long damage path on Interstate 10 , and there was damage to a Waffle House , car wash and several residences . About 150 miles to the east , meanwhile , revelers and residents of New Orleans were soaked much of Saturday as steady rains fell on the city . This weekend -- the last one before Ash Wednesday -- is traditionally one of the busiest in The Big Easy , with people partying and enjoying Mardi Gras festivities . The inclement weather forced several changes to the Mardi Gras schedule , including the delay of the Krewe of Endymion parade from Saturday to Sunday , according to a release from the New Orleans Police Department . Other parade-related festivities were pushed up to start earlier Saturday , given the rain-soaked forecast for Saturday afternoon and beyond . The rain stopped later Saturday in New Orleans and the weather service 's forecast called for sunny conditions Sunday , with high temperatures in the lower 60s . A flood advisory remains in effect through Monday morning for numerous communities along the Mississippi River , including parts of Chicot and Desha counties in Arkansas ; Adams , Bolivar , Isaquena , Washington , Madison and Wilkinson counties in Mississippi ; and Claiborne , East Caroll , Jefferson , Tensas and Warren parishes in Louisiana . There were also flood warnings in effect for the Atchafalaya River at Morgan City , Louisiana , through Sunday afternoon ; the Tchefuncte River in Covington , Louisiana , through Monday at noon ; and the Bogue Falaya River at Camp Covington , Louisiana , through Tuesday morning . CNN 's Craig Bell , Tina Burnside and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report	NEW : After steady rain Saturday , sun and warmth are forecast Sunday in New Orleans NEW : Flood warnings are in effect for towns along several rivers , including the Mississippi A mayor calls the death of a 21-year-old woman "  unfortunate , " asking for prayers The tornado had winds as strong as 135 mph and damaged a 5-mile stretch
A U.S. soldier imprisoned for leaking documents to WikiLeaks broke her silence in a fiery editorial accusing the United States of lying about Iraq . Chelsea Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013 for leaking 750,000 pages of classified documents to the anti-secrecy group . At the time , Manning went by the first name Bradley , but later announced the desire to live as a woman and be known as Chelsea . Manning has stayed out of the limelight since the conviction , which spared the former intelligence analyst from the most serious charge of aiding the enemy . But she was back Saturday , with an opinion piece titled ` The Fog Machine of War " in The New York Times . In it , she accuses the U.S. media of looking the other way when chaos and corruption reigned in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  As Iraq erupts in civil war and America again contemplates intervention , that unfinished business should give new urgency to the question of how the United States military controlled the media coverage of its long involvement there and in Afghanistan , " Manning wrote . "  I believe that the current limits on press freedom and excessive government secrecy make it impossible for Americans to grasp fully what is happening in the wars we finance . " She said that during the 2010 elections in Iraq , the media duped the world into thinking that all was well . "  You might remember that the American press was flooded with stories declaring the elections a success , complete with upbeat anecdotes and photographs of Iraqi women proudly displaying their ink-stained fingers , " she wrote . "  The subtext was that United States military operations had succeeded in creating a stable and democratic Iraq . Those of us stationed there were acutely aware of a more complicated reality . " She said at the time , she got regular reports detailing security forces ' crackdown against dissidents "  on behalf " of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  I was shocked by our military 's complicity in the corruption of that election , " she said . "  Yet these deeply troubling details flew under the American media 's radar . " Sunni militant fighters are vowing to capture cities in Iraq and threatening the government of al-Maliki . Some Iraqi security forces , most of whom were trained by the United States , have bolted their posts in areas overrun by militants . U.S. President Barack Obama has said he will not send troops to Iraq , but is considering other options . "  This is not going to happen overnight , " the President said Friday . He added that unless Iraq fixes its internal political problems , short-term military help from the United States wo n't make much difference . Pressure for the United States to provide military support to Iraq 's struggling government has increased , with conservative Republicans blaming Obama for creating a security vacuum in 2011 by pulling out U.S. troops . GOP critics also say that Obama 's unwillingness to provide significant military backing to opposition forces in Syria 's civil war has made it easier for the militant Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , to attack in Iraq . Obama , however , has resisted getting drawn into another military engagement there after the ending the nine-year conflict started by his predecessor . Manning also slammed the practice of embedding journalists with the military . "  Reporters naturally fear having their access terminated , so they tend to avoid controversial reporting that could raise red flags , " Manning wrote . Iraq crisis : ISIS advances on Baquba as U.S. moves firepower to region Judge grants name change to Manning	Chelsea Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison for leaking documents to WikiLeaks At the time , Manning went by the first name Bradley Manning has stayed out of the limelight since the conviction
CNN  -- "  Sometimes when I go I feel ashamed and go back without defecating . Sometimes I wait until dark to go there so no one can see me . I will be very concerned about Diani , my daughter , going to the bush because it is so far from here . At night it is very dangerous . People get killed . A woman and a boy were killed with knives . One woman I know of has been raped . " These are the words of Sandimhia Renato , a young mother from Mozambique . She has to walk 15 minutes every day to find somewhere to go to the toilet . Sandimhia and 1.25 billion other women around the world , find themselves in similar situations every day , where they have no choice but to put themselves at risk of disease , harassment or even violence because they lack access to something as simple as a safe and clean toilet . Today , 19 November , is the first U.N. recognized World Toilet Day . It 's easy to dismiss such days , but recognition of the need to address this issue is vital . Read this : Happy World Toilet Day Access to a safe toilet is one of the most effective ways of reducing death and disease and improving life for millions . Every hour 70 women and girls will needlessly die from diseases directly linked to a lack of an adequate toilet and safe drinking water . In total one and a quarter million men , women and children will die this year from preventable diseases brought about by a lack of access to these basic services . To die for want of a toilet is an outrage that we should not be tolerating . That is why WaterAid , Unilever and the UN partnership organisation , the Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council have produced a new report , We Ca n't Wait , demonstrating the scale and consequences of this problem . Writing in the foreword to the report , UN Deputy Secretary-General , Jan Eliasson , and Unilever chief executive officer , Paul Polman , state : "  One person in three lacks access to adequate sanitation . The result is widespread death and disease -- especially among children -- and social marginalization . Women are particularly vulnerable . Poor sanitation exposes females to the risk of assault , and when schools can not provide clean , safe toilets girls ' attendance drops . " Such words from leaders in diplomacy and in business are hugely welcome . WaterAid has been providing access to sanitation alongside clean drinking water and hygiene promotion since the early 1980s . We have also been banging on the door of governments in both the western and developing world for well over two decades , highlighting the practical steps that could be taken to end this tragedy . Progress has been made . Almost two billion people have gained access to sanitation since 1990 . Many governments have made progress towards meeting the Millennium Development Goals that were set in 2000 and are due to achieve many of them by the end of 2015 . One of those targets is a commitment to halve the proportion of people lacking access to what is called "  improved sanitation . " At the current rate of progress , this promise is way off track . In fact , if we carry on as we are , it will take another 12 years to get the job done . Even when this goal is finally reached , one in four people will still not have access to safe sanitation . Universal access is still over 50 years away . Such a delay is not acceptable . What is needed is political will and financing . The business case for doing so is extremely strong . The World Health Organization estimates that every $ 1 invested in sanitation services returns $ 5.50 . If we halve the proportion of people without access to sanitation , the economic return would be over $ 54 billion per year . Getting everyone , everywhere access to a toilet would generate over $ 220 billion a year . World Toilet Day is an opportunity to celebrate the progress that has been made and recognizes how much more needs to be done . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Barbara Frost .	November 19 is the first U.N. recognized World Toilet Day WaterAid chief says over 1 billion people are at risk because they lack access to clean toilets "  To die for want of a toilet is an outrage that we should not be tolerating , " says Barbara Frost She says "  political will and financing " is needed to address the problem
CNN  -- Since the infidelity scandal that took down the CIA chief David Petraeus broke last Friday , a scattered timeline of bizarre events have captivated , if not confused , the public . There is his mistress and biographer , Paula Broadwell . Then there is Jill Kelley , the Florida woman whose claim about anonymous e-mails questioning her character triggered an FBI probe that uncovered the Broadwell-Petraeus affair . Finally , there is Gen. John Allen , the man who commands U.S. forces in Afghanistan and whose nomination to become the NATO Supreme Allied Commander of Europe is now in question . Confused ? Maybe laying it out -- by the numbers -- will help : 4 - Number of stars , as a general , with which Petraeus retired . 38 - Four-star officers in the U.S. military , as of August 2012 . 2 - Number of generals involved in the scandal . 5 - In which top percentage of his West Point class Petraeus graduated . 38 - Years Petraeus and his wife Holly have been married . 22 - Current and former directors of the Central Intelligence Agency . 197 - Amazon.com sales rank of Broadwell 's book "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus " on Wednesday . 76,792 - Previous rank on Amazon.com before the scandal made the news . 20,000-30 ,000 - Number of documents -- many of them e-mails between Allen and Kelley -- that investigators are reviewing . 7,969 - Number of U.S. government requests for data on Gmail.com user accounts , according to a Google transparency report covering January to June of 2012 . 6 - Number of minutes in which Petraeus and Broadwell were reportedly able to finish each mile on their runs together . 0 - Number of active "  Friends of MacDill " Air Force Base visitor passes currently held by Kelley . Timeline of the Petraeus affair	4 - Number of stars awarded Petraeus as U.S. Army general 2 - Number of four-star generals involved in the scandal Around 30,000 - Documents -- many of them emails -- investigators are looking at related to Allen and Kelley 22 - Current and former directors of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency
CNN  -- Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the Afghan Taliban commander whose capture was made public this week , is one of the most senior figures in the movement to be seized -- second only to Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar . Baradar was Afghanistan 's deputy defense minister when the Taliban controlled the country , according to the U.N. committee in charge of sanctions on al Qaeda and Taliban members . In recent years , he has been a senior military commander and a member of the Taliban 's governing Quetta Council , the committee said . He has been "  very much in control of the military operation in Afghanistan , responsible for appointing the commanders " on the ground , said M.J. Gohel , executive director of the Asia-Pacific Foundation , a think tank focusing on security . "  Baradar is known to have had a very close relationship with Osama bin Laden in the past , " Gohel said . "  If anyone would know where the senior leaders are of al Qaeda and the Taliban , then Baradar is someone who would be privy to that kind of information . " Afghanistan Crossroads blog : More on Baradar and the Taliban It was critical to keep his capture secret at first , Gohel said . It is not clear exactly when he was detained in the Pakistani city of Karachi . But Reva Bhalla , director of analysis at the Stratfor think tank , said she doubted he could lead the CIA straight to those who are most wanted . "  It 's not like you have one guy , and that immediately opens the door to everyone else , " she said , adding that the Taliban guard information carefully because the militant group knows its members could be captured . Baradar was cagey about his contacts with his superior in an interview that Newsweek magazine said it conducted with him by e-mail last year . Asked if he was "  in direct contact with Mullah Omar , " he responded , "  Continuous contacts are not risk-free because of the situation . -LSB- But we -RSB- get his advice on important topics . " He appeared to consider the possibility of breaking ties between the Taliban and al Qaeda if it would get the Americans out of Afghanistan . "  Our decisions are made on the basis of our national interests , " Baradar said , according to Newsweek . He could be replaced by a more radical figure , said Rand Corp. analyst Arturo Munoz . "  Mullah Zakir is actually notorious because he was in Guantanamo for six years , and then he was released and immediately returned to Afghanistan and rejoined the Taliban , " Munoz said . "  He left Guantanamo very much more radicalized , and I think Mullah Zakir is actually much more radical than Mullah Baradar , and much more dogmatic and much more in the al Qaeda mindset . " Stratfor 's Bhalla said the capture could be important for what it shows about U.S.-Pakistani ties , regardless of its effects on the battlefield or the hunt for bin Laden . "  It 's hard to believe that this will lead to this huge intelligence coup , but if the Pakistanis are shifting their mode of cooperating -LSB- with the United States -RSB- that is significant , " Bhalla said . "  Pakistan did n't do this for free -- they are going to be asking for some very concrete concessions " from the United States , she said . She noted reports that Baradar represented Omar in secret negotiations brokered by Saudi Arabia . "  Baradar is one of the main mediators , " she said . Pakistan 's cooperation with the U.S. in capturing him may be its way of telling Washington to deal with Islamabad -- not Saudi Arabia -- if it wants to negotiate with the Afghan Taliban , she said . "  The Saudis have been very involved in back-channel talks , and Pakistan wants to show it is the only one that has the real leverage and intelligence to wield carrots and sticks , " she said . It is not clear that the Saudi-brokered talks are still going on . "  The Taliban leadership through Mullah Baradar engaged with the Saudis by conducting talks with Saudi intelligence chief , Muqrin , " Mehlaqa Samdani of the Center for Strategic and International Studies wrote last week . "  These talks came to an abrupt halt when in mid-2009 , Prince Muqrin was told point-blank that Mullah Omar decided to discontinue all negotiations -LSB- since he -RSB- took it as an affront that on the one hand Washington aimed to engage the Taliban through Saudi Arabia , while on the other hand it planned to continue all efforts to defeat the Taliban through its troop surge and drone strikes , " Samdani wrote in "  Saudi Arabia , Pakistan and prospects for peace with the Taliban . " The Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence , or ISI , must have known Baradar 's location and turned a blind eye for some time , Bhalla said . "  He was hanging out in southern Karachi with ISI knowledge . He was n't really posing a threat to Pakistan , " she said . Baradar has been under U.N. sanctions since February 2001 , with his assets frozen and travel banned . The United Nations also forbids selling weapons to him . He was born around 1968 in the village of Weetmak in Afghanistan 's Uruzgan province , according to the world body . "  Baradar , " which means brother in Afghanistan 's Dari language , appears to be a nickname . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Joe Sterling , Dick Uliano and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar in control of military operation in Afghanistan , experts say Afghan Taliban 's second-in-command reportedly captured in Pakistan Baradar has had close relationship with Osama bin Laden , analysts say Capture may suggest change in Pakistan 's cooperation with U.S. , some experts say
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo could be forgiven for feeling a sense of deja vu after he was pitted against chief rival Lionel Messi of Barcelona in the race for football 's prestigious Ballon d'Or . The pair will go up against Messi 's Spanish teammate Andres Iniesta after the original shortlist was whittled down from 23 to three . The trophy will be presented in Zurich on January 7 following votes from journalists , national team captains and coaches . Magic Messi moves in on record Messi , the darling of the football world , has won the top accolade on the previous three occasions and could become the first man to win the prize four times . While Real Madrid star Ronaldo amassed an astonishing 46 goals in La Liga last year , Messi scaled unprecedented heights by finishing with 50 goals in the league alone . The 25-year-old is now chasing Gerd Muller 's all-time record of 85 goals in a calendar year , which the former Bayern Munich and Germany striker set back in 1972 . Messi needs just four more strikes to surpass Muller 's record and rewrite yet another chapter of European football . Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig - A right to privacy ? But Portugal 's Ronaldo , who won the prize in 2008 , enjoyed an outstanding year , firing Real to the La Liga title under new manager Jose Mourinho . Iniesta , 28 , has wowed fans with his mesmerizing skills while playing alongside the talented Xavi for both Barcelona and Spain . The diminutive midfielder , who has won two European Championship Finals and a World Cup , is one of the most pleasing to watch in the game . Like Messi , he has also won five La Liga titles as well as three Champions League successes . Ronaldo admits perceived arrogance has cost him Both Iniesta and Ronaldo will start as underdogs in the final voting process , which also has a category for Coach of the Year . Spain 's national manager , Vicente Del Bosque , is one of the final three candidates after leading his country to victory at Euro 2012 . Former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola is also nominated , while Real Madrid 's Mourinho , who steered his side to the La Liga title last season , completes the list . Best player - men : Lionel Messi  Barcelona/Argentina  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Real Madrid/Portugal  , Andres Iniesta  Barcelona/Spain Best player - women : Marta  Brazil  , Aby Wambach , Alex Morgan  both United States of America Best men 's coach : Vicente del Bosque  Spain  , Pep Guardiola  ex-Barcelona  , Jose Mourinho  Real Madrid Best women 's coach : Bruno Bini  France  , Norio Sasaki  Japan  , Pia Sundhage  Sweden Most beautiful goal of the year : Radamel Falcao  Atletico Madrid/Colombia  , Miroslav Stoch  Fenerbahce/Slovakia  , Neymar  Brazil/Santos	Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Andres Iniesta up for the 2012 Ballon d'Or Barcelona star Messi aiming for a fourth straight success Real Madrid 's Ronaldo last won the prize back in 2008 Del Bosque , Guardiola and Mourinho up for top coach
CNN  -- Two Florida school administrators were due to appear in federal court Thursday to face contempt charges for saying a prayer at a school luncheon . Rep. Mike McIntyre is one of three members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus backing the school officials . Frank Lay , principal of Pace High School in Pace , Florida , and school athletic director Robert Freeman are accused of violating a consent decree banning employees of Santa Rosa County schools from endorsing religion . They face a nonjury trial before U.S. District Judge M.C. Rodgers . If convicted , they could be sentenced to up to six months in prison and fined , subject to sentencing guidelines . Defense attorneys have said it is it outrageous Lay and Freeman are facing prosecution for "  a simple prayer . " But the American Civil Liberties Union , whose lawsuit led to the consent decree , maintains students have a right to be free from administrators who foist their personal religious beliefs on them . However , an ACLU representative said the organization "  never suggested " people should go to jail for violating the decree , and the organization is not involved in the criminal proceedings . The ACLU filed suit last year against the school district in northwest Florida on behalf of two Pace students who alleged that "  officials regularly promoted religion and led prayers at school events , " according to an ACLU statement . Both parties approved the consent decree put in place January 9 under which district and school officials are "  permanently prohibited from promoting , advancing , endorsing , participating in or causing prayers during or in conjunction with school events , " the ACLU said . Lay was a party in the initial lawsuit , and his attorney was among those approving the consent decree , according to the organization . In addition , the court required that all district employees receive a copy . But on January 28 , "  Lay asked Freeman to offer a prayer of blessing during a school-day luncheon for the dedication of a new field house at Pace High School , " according to court documents . "  Freeman complied with the request and offered the prayer at the event . It appears this was a school-sponsored event attended by students , faculty and community members . " Attorneys from Liberty Counsel , a conservative legal group helping defend Lay and Freeman , have said that attendees included booster club members and other adults who helped the field house project -- all "  consenting adults . " Three U.S. lawmakers who are members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus have written a letter in support of the two school administrators , saying that "  many of America 's Founding Fathers were resolute in their faiths , and the impact of such is evident in the Constitution , the Declaration of Independence and many of their writings . " The letter from Reps. J. Randy Forbes , R-Virginia ; Mike McIntyre , D-North Carolina ; and Jeff Miller , R-Florida , said the congressmen were writing as members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus . "  The tradition of offering prayer in America has become so interwoven into our nation 's spiritual heritage that to charge someone criminally for engaging in such a practice would astonish the men who founded this country on religious liberty , " the lawmakers wrote .	Two Florida school administrators accused of violating consent order on prayer If convicted , two could be sentenced to up to six months in prison and fined ACLU sued district on behalf of students who alleged prayer held at school events Parties agreed to consent decree in January ; ACLU not part of criminal proceedings
Atlanta is shut down -- businesses , roads , government in general -- and while that 's generated furor among residents , the angst is exacerbated by the overnight uncertainty involving many of the city 's cubs . Across the state , and even extending into Alabama , there were reports of children spending the night in schools , their parents or school buses unable to navigate treacherous conditions that Georgia Department of Public Safety Commissioner Col. Mark McDonough said caused almost 1,000 accidents in the Georgia capital alone . Fifty Atlanta students remained on school buses overnight , and seven of them still were n't home by 5 a.m. ET Wednesday , Atlanta Public Schools spokeswoman Kimberly Willis Green said . Atlanta police delivered food to the kids , who were all home or returned to schools by 9 a.m. ET , she said . Finally , word came from Green on Wednesday evening that every child that had been stuck was on a bus and headed home . That included the 2,000 Fulton County Schools students and 400 Atlanta Public Schools kids who had stayed at their schools overnight . Facing critics who ask how fewer than 3 inches of snow could cripple the city , especially after it tangled with another debilitating storm in 2011 , Mayor Kasim Reed assured Atlantans the city was working to open roads and asked them to stay at home . "  What I want to say to them is hold off on trying to get to them . What I can assure  you  is they are safe , " he said . "  The safest place for them was in the school system . ... I know it is very tough . " There were uplifting stories amid the chaos , however , as the city schools ' Twitter feed and a specially created Facebook page , SnowedOutAtlanta , which had more than 52,000 members as of Wednesday night , showed a steady stream of gratitude alongside the messages of frustration . At E. Rivers Elementary School , about 150 students and teachers spent the night on gym mats , according to CNN affiliate WSB . They watched movies , ate a warm meal Tuesday night and were served French toast for breakfast , the station reported . Was Atlanta asleep at the wheel ? One father , who identified himself only as Mark , said he walked 6 miles to spend the night with his 5-year-old daughter , Elizabeth . He said it put his mind at ease to see how the school staff was taking care of the youngsters . "  It was fantastic . All the students seemed like they were having a great time , " he told WSB . "  It looked like a very large sleepover party . " Added young Elizabeth , "  We got to watch four or five movies . " Heartwarming stories were heavily outnumbered by those from worried parents who had to spend the night without their children . Corliss Collins , for instance , said she spoke to her granddaughter , one of about 200 students who spent the night at New Manchester High School in Douglasville , west of Atlanta , around 8 a.m. . The granddaughter ate dinner and breakfast there , but told her grandmother that school officials were asking parents to pick up their children because the cafeteria had run out of food , Collins said . Principal Constance Craft told CNN there was no truth to reports the school had no food . "  We are trying to get teachers who have been here since early morning yesterday home to their families . Our manpower is exhausted , and our children are ready to be home , " she said in an e-mail . Craft later added that the National Guard troops who helped escort the students home were "  wonderful . " All students had been sent home by lunchtime Wednesday , she said . In West Atlanta , about 60 students from Riverwood International Charter School remained at a Kroger supermarket Wednesday morning after being transported there from their buses , which were stuck on I-285 , said store employee Kim Bradley . The store provided food for them , she said . About 90 high school students were initially taken there overnight in ambulances , with Highway Emergency Road Operators clearing a path , the state Department of Transportation said . The four buses were evacuated about 6 a.m. after being stuck in ice and traffic all night , the department said . A total of 51 schoolbuses "  needed support " because of the snow and ice , said Matthew Kallmyer , director of Atlanta-Fulton County Emergency Management Agency . Other reports from Georgia and Alabama include : -- Eight students from Marietta City Schools , northwest of Atlanta , spent the night in the school bus depot , and 669 students spent the night at eight schools in the system , said spokesman Thomas Algarin . The system was working to get them all home , he said Wednesday morning . "  Our schools were prepared for this , " Algarin said , adding that Marietta High School 's culinary team a "  terrific gourmet meal last night . " -- Schools in Cherokee County , Georgia , north of Atlanta , reported 150 students remained at 11 schools as of Wednesday morning . The number had dwindled to 10 as of 12:15 p.m. ET . "  Students are being kept safe , warm and fed , and staff are doing their best to keep them entertained with movies , games , books and other activities , " spokeswoman Barbara Jacoby said in a statement . -- In Georgia 's Paulding and Douglas counties , west of Atlanta , schools reported about 1,800 collective students were sheltered at county schools , CNN affiliate WXIA reported . In Douglas County , the schools offered shelter to people had gotten stuck on the roads or walked to the schools , the station reported . -- In Hoover , Alabama , one bus with 61 children was stuck until 6 a.m. ET , but the kids were safe , said spokesman Jason Gaston , and another stranded bus had its 21 occupants moved to a local children 's hospital . About 4,000 students and 350 adults -- including some community members who could n't make it home -- were sheltered in Hoover schools Wednesday morning , Gaston said , adding that the cafeteria was well stocked and the schools were prepared to host those in need until the roads cleared . Students were watching movies and playing video games , he said . iReporter Monica Cantwell said she spent the night in her office at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , and her 13-year-old daughter was stuck at her middle school in Hoover . The school separated the kids by gender and put them into small groups at bedtime . The kids were playing games and watching videos in the gym and watching videos , she said , and her daughter had texted her to say was bored and none too thrilled to be spending the night on campus . -- As of 8 a.m. , at least 1,400 students spent the night in Birmingham , Alabama-area schools , and none spent the night on buses because they were either shuttled back to school or picked up by parents , said Jefferson County Emergency Management officer Bob Ammons . Steve Smith , associate superintendent of Atlanta Public Schools , told CNN that roughly 1 million people attempted to go home Tuesday , gnarling traffic on Atlanta 's roads and highways . "  The storm was much more intense than anyone knew , and even with our efforts of early dismissal , we still ran into the challenge of having the gridlock , " he said . Smith declined to say when the students would be home but said they 'd be reunited with their parents as soon as conditions allowed it . Could the city have handled the situation better ? Sure , he said . "  There 's always room for improvement , but we 're just appreciative of our parents who have been understanding and patient with us , and our bus drivers have really been the heroes in this situation . They 've made some real sacrifices , " he said . "  Our staff with students as well have made sacrifices . So our principals and staff , they 've worked with us and have been very cooperative . " Birmingham Mayor William Bell , too , said his city was expecting a "  light dusting , " and by the time they realized the severity of the wintry weather , "  it was too late . " "  All of the businesses and schools began to let out . It clogged up our interstate system , which then led to a clogging of the side roads and many people became stranded , " he said . "  We have had to scurry to try to play catch up and all of our people working in the public works department , our public safety units within the fire and the police department , they 've all been out overnight to try to deal with the stranded motorists . " Opinion : Stranded in Atlanta	All Atlanta kids are either home or headed that way , school spokeswoman says Georgia , Alabama students stuck at school , on buses as weather hammers South District : In Hoover , Alabama , about 4,000 students sheltered in schools Wednesday Dad walked 6 miles to elementary school to spend night with daughter
CNN  -- A last-minute and unexpected change in government rules over a key environmental dispute prompted uncertainty and consternation at the Supreme Court on Monday , with justices chastising the Obama administration over its policy tactics . Final rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency on Friday exempted logging road runoff from storm water permit requirements , saying timber firms may continue to use "  best management practices " that suit local conditions . The change came just ahead of Monday 's oral arguments on one of two cases this week dealing with the financial and health effects of storm water drainage . "  Maybe in the future you could let us know when something as definite as that comes " at the last minute , Chief Justice John Roberts told the Justice Department 's lawyer . Roberts suggested that arguments could have been delayed so that the court and both sides of the case could prepare . Photos : 15 Supreme Court cases that changed America At issue was whether logging road operators must obtain federal Clean Water Act discharge permits for ditches , drains , and culverts channeling rain runoff from those roads -- treating it the same as industrial storm water . Scientists have said such sediment from muddy water -- created in part by large logging trucks -- can prove deadly to fish , plants and other wildlife , often many miles downstream from the initial source . A small environmental group from Oregon first sued over dirt roads in the Tillamook State Forest , near streams where threatened salmon migrate . That includes the Trask River and Sam Downs Roads . The Portland-based Northwest Environmental Defense Center last year won an important victory in a federal appeals court . But state officials and timber companies then asked the high court to intervene , saying changes in long-established federal rules would be overly burdensome and cost jobs in the already financially stressed timber market in the Pacific northwest . The Clean Water Act generally prohibits any pollutants being discharged by companies or individuals into American waters , unless a government permit has been issued . Such "  pollutants " can include rock , sand , and contaminated soil . Small-scale family farm runoff traditionally receives less scrutiny than an industrial factory or mine . The question before the court is where forestry activities should fall on regulatory scale when it comes to the permitting process . The Obama administration is backing Oregon and the timber industry , but also told the court in recent weeks that Congress and the EPA were working to minimize any further environmental damage , without an additional regulatory scheme . Roberts noted it would be an "  unusual situation " for the court to now try and rule following the regulatory bombshell -- when the key point of contention has now apparently become moot . But Timothy Bishop , the attorney for Oregon , urged the justices to continue deciding the matter despite the EPA action . "  Are you sure you want what you 're asking for , " said Roberts . "  What if we go ahead and decide this case and rule against you ? " Photos : Justice Roberts on the high court Some justices seemed prepared to do so after Bishop insisted "  timber harvesting is not industrial activity " that would likely trigger permits . The lawyer for the environmentalists said in light of all the recent rule changes , the easiest thing would be for the high court to dismiss the industry appeal -- which would mean a victory for the environmental coalition . Some on the bench were skeptical that was a practical alternative . The justices Tuesday will tackle another ongoing dispute over whether water on a navigable river that flows through a concrete channel -- or an "  engineered improvement " -- can be considered "  discharge " subject to greater Clean Water Act regulation . That appeals concerns responsibility over billions of gallons of polluted storm water flowing into the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Rivers . Monday 's consolidated cases are Decker v. Northwest Environmental Defense Center  11-338  and Georgia-Pacific West , Inc. v. Northwest Environmental Defense Center  11-347  .	EPA rule finalized just before Supreme Court arguments in logging case Scientists say sediment related to logging can harm fish , plants Environmental group won appeals case , state ; industry sought high court intervention
CNN  First , the women . Now , the men . It seems everyone is getting in on the "  Ghostbusters " reboot action . But not everyone is happy about it . Deadline reports that Sony Pictures is planning an all-male "  Ghostbusters " reboot starring Channing Tatum and directed and produced by brothers Joe Russo and Anthony Russo . The studio is also creating a production company , Ghostcorps , which will include Ivan Reitman and Dan Aykroyd , who were among the original "  Ghostbusters " team , according to Deadline . "  We want to expand the Ghostbusters universe in ways that will include different films , TV shows , merchandise , all things that are part of modern filmed entertainment , " Deadline quoted Reitman as saying . The film "  has a wonderful idea that builds " on the premise of an all-female "  Ghostbusters " reboot expected to begin filming this summer . That film is expected to star Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon . "  It 's just the beginning of what I hope will be a lot of wonderful movies , " Deadline quoted Reitman as saying . All well and good . "  Ghostbusters " is , after all , a well-loved comedy classic that gave the world the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man . But the news , close on the heels the much-lauded all-female "  Ghostbusters " reboot , has met with mixed reviews . "  Could n't u just let the girls have this one ONE FREAKING TIME ? " Twitter user jessieroro13 posted . Others think perhaps it 's time to derail the Hollywood reboot train , no matter which gender is in the driver 's seat . "  How about no #Ghostbusters reboots , redos or remakes , " Twitter user EA_Creative wrote . "  Why mess with perfection ? " The all-female "  Ghostbusters " film is expected to be out next year . All all-male version is tentatively expected to begin filming in the summer of 2016 , to be released the following year , Reitman told Deadline .	Sony is now planning an all-male Ghostbusters reboot , Deadline reports The news comes on the heels of an all-women version
London  CNN  -- A bill to allow same-sex marriage in England and Wales passed the British House of Commons on Tuesday , clearing the way for it to go before Queen Elizabeth II for royal approval before the end of the week . With the queen 's approval -- a formality in the UK -- the first same-sex wedding could be held as early as next summer . The Marriage Bill , as it was known , had the support of Prime Minister David Cameron , but his commitment has put him at odds with many in his Conservative Party and its grass-roots supporters . The Conservatives govern in coalition with the Liberal Democrats . "  The title of this bill might be marriage but its fabric is about freedom and respect , " Culture Secretary Maria Miller said shortly after the bill 's passage . She said the passage of the bill was "  clear affirmation that as a nation respect for each and every person is paramount regardless of age , religion , gender , ethnicity or sexuality . " Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? Opposition Labour Party lawmakers helped the Marriage  Same Sex Couples  Bill stay on track when Conservative rebels backed an amendment that might have derailed it at an earlier stage in the Commons . On Monday , Lord Alli said he was proud as a gay man serving in the House of Lords to have seen it pass the bill . "  My life and the lives of many others will be better today than they were yesterday , " he said . But an opponent of the bill , Lord Framlingham , said that while the legislation would make many people very happy , the House of Lords should "  give some consideration to a much larger number of people , running into millions , whose lives will be less happy and whose concerns and problems will be increased by this legislation . " He said the House of Lords had been used to "  to bulldoze through an ill-thought-through bill , the ramifications of which the people have not begun to understand . " Here 's what you need to know about same-sex marriage in the U.S. and worldwide Coalition for Marriage , an umbrella group of UK people and organizations that support traditional marriage between a man and a woman , has collected more than 650,000 signatures on a petition opposing any attempt to redefine it . The Church of England is among the religious bodies opposed to the new legislation . Stonewall , a gay rights campaign group , welcomed the bill 's passage through the Lords on Monday . "  It 's impossible to express how much joy this historic step will bring to tens of thousands of gay people and their families and friends , " Chief Executive Ben Summerskill said in an online statement . "  The bill 's progress through Parliament shows that , at last , the majority of politicians in both Houses understand the public 's support for equality , though it 's also reminded us that gay people still have powerful opponents . " He said Stonewall would now redouble its efforts in Scotland "  so that every single gay person in Britain will soon enjoy full equality . " A law recognizing civil partnerships in England and Wales was passed in 2004 . The issue of same-sex marriage has also divided other nations . A law that allows same-sex couples to marry and adopt was passed by France this year , despite large street protests and vocal opposition from religious groups . The move made it the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage . In the United States , two landmark rulings by the Supreme Court last month gave the gay and lesbian rights movement huge political and legal momentum . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage The justices said legally married same-sex couples will now enjoy the same federal benefits as heterosexual couples , striking down a key provision in the Defense of Marriage Act . And although not granting a sweeping right of gays and lesbians to marry nationwide , a separate high court ruling effectively allows same-sex marriage to resume in California , the nation 's most populous state .	NEW : The House of Commons approves amendments to the bill The legislation cleared the House of Lords on Monday "  My life and the lives of many others will be better today than they were yesterday , " says lord The issue of same-sex marriage has exposed division within the Conservative Party
CNN  -- Former football star Deion Sanders and a third person also were cited for misdemeanor assault in an incident this week that resulted in Sanders ' estranged wife being arrested and taken into custody , according to a statement Wednesday by the Prosper , Texas , police department . The statement said police responded to a domestic disturbance call Monday afternoon at a residence in the Dallas suburb where Sanders , 44 , complained he was assaulted by Pilar Sanders , 38 , and another woman identified as Dianna Boswell , also 38 . Pilar Sanders was detained and taken into custody on a charge of simple assault , a misdemeanor , the statement said . "  Further investigation of the circumstances prompted the responding officers to cite Mr. Deion Sanders and Ms. Dianna Boswell with Class C Simple Assault , " it continued . Only Pilar Sanders was taken into custody . She was released Tuesday and said she has n't been given a "  fair shake " over allegations that she attacked Sanders in an incident he made public in a series of bizarre Twitter postings . "  I understand that I have very little chance at beating a Hall of Fame , two-sport man that everyone seems to love and adore , " Pilar Sanders said , proclaiming her innocence . The Collin County Sheriff 's Office said Pilar Sanders , under an emergency protective order , is forbidden from returning to the couple 's home for 61 days and can not threaten or harass any member of the family . In one of the messages posted Monday on his verified Twitter account , Deion Sanders included a photo of what he said were his children filling out complaints to give to police in Texas . "  Pray for me and my kids now ! They just witnessed their mother and a friend jump me in my room , " said the first tweet , posted at 6:15 p.m. "  She 's going to jail n I 'm pressing charges ! " Two minutes later , Sanders tweeted again . "  I 'm sad my boys witnessed this mess but I warned the police department here that she was gone try n harm me and my boys . This is on my mama ! " it said . Shortly after that , Sanders tweeted a picture that showed him and his two boys , 10 and 12 , filling out paperwork . "  Filling out police reports now ! Thank God for this platform to issue the Truth , " the caption read . Pilar Sanders was booked into jail Monday night on suspicion of assault family violence , according to booking records at the Collin County Jail . Bail was set at $ 264 . "  I can tell you that there are two sides to every story , and the truth will come out in court , " Larry Friedman , an attorney for Pilar Sanders , said Tuesday . Deion Sanders played for several NFL teams , including the San Francisco 49ers , the Dallas Cowboys and the Atlanta Falcons . He was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame and works as an analyst for the NFL Network . During much of his NFL career , he also was an outfielder with four Major League Baseball teams and played in a World Series with the Atlanta Braves . The NFL Network and Sanders ' business manager , Constance Schwartz , declined to comment about the incident . But a clearly emotional Sanders spoke to Dallas television station KXAS on Monday night and appealed for help . "  My kids , they are scared for their life , " he told the station . "  They just saw two women jump their dad in his own house , in his room , in my room . It 's sad . "  I got locks on my doors right now , " he added . "  Is somebody going to have to die ? Is it going to be me before the court does something and get this woman out of my house ? It 's absurd . " The Sanderses have three children together . Deion Sanders has two other children from an earlier relationship . The couple married in 1999 and starred in a reality show , "  Deion & Pilar : Prime Time Love , " that aired on the Oxygen network . The marriage soured , however , and the two are in a bitter divorce . In February , Pilar Sanders filed a suit against her husband and his aunt , Laura Jones . She said the aunt attacked her in their 10-bedroom , 29,000-square-foot home in Prosper while Deion Sanders watched . At the time , the athlete tweeted that his wife was the aggressor and the aunt was in the home merely to fix his phone . Pilar Sanders also filed a separate suit against her husband and his daughter , Deiondra , after she called her stepmother a "  gold-digging  expletive  " and "  the number one gold digger of the year " in Twitter posts . In the second suit , Pilar Sanders demanded $ 200 million in damages for libelous and slanderous comments . She claims that her husband "  endorsed Deiondra 's false statements " and himself tweeted he was "  tired of all  Pilar 's  lies and foolishness . "	Sanders , his estranged wife and a third person all were cited in the Monday incident Only Pilar Sanders was detained by police Pilar Sanders was released from custody Tuesday The Sanderses are in the middle of a bitter divorce battle
CNN  A manager at an Indiana Veterans Hospital has been placed on paid administrative leave after sending a "  completely and totally unacceptable " email apparently mocking mental illness . The email , sent by Robin Paul , "  in no way reflects the attitudes of our staff toward our patients , " Roudebush VA Medical Center Director Tom Mattice said in a statement posted on the hospital 's Facebook page . Paul , a licensed clinical social worker , had been managing the Seamless Transition Integrated Care Clinic , which is responsible for assisting new veterans with their VA benefits , services and programs , to include mental health , according to the Veterans of Foreign Wars . Her email , first published by the Indy Star this week , was sent December 18 to members of her team and shows four photos of an elf in different scenarios . Two of the photos have struck a nerve with the veterans and mental illness communities . In one photograph , the elf appears leaning over what looks like a straw and coffee grounds on a paper plate , with a post-it note that says , "  Out of XANAX - Please help ! " The caption reads , "  Self-medicating for mental health issues when a CNS would not give him his requested script . " In another , the elf is hanging from a string of Christmas lights . "  Caught in the act of suicidal behavior  trying to hang himself from an electrical cord  , " the caption says . John Thomas is a veteran of the Korean and Vietnam Wars and serves as a leader at an Indianapolis American Legion post . He said the email makes him sick and angry . "  I ca n't understand anybody who would do anything like this to us , " Thomas told CNN affiliate WISH . Hospital leadership was allegedly made aware of the email a couple of months ago , according to the Indy Star , and had "  administratively addressed " the incident with Paul . But since the story went viral , the Roudebush VA Facebook page has been inundated with commenters calling for Paul to be fired . Matthew Conrad on Facebook said , "  Robin Paul 's continued employment is an insult to every Veteran who has served this country . " Mattice announced Paul 's leave , and a pending investigation , Tuesday evening . But many say it 's not enough . "  FIRING her would be the first step in showing you are truly committed to the veterans ' health and well-being . Action speaks louder than words , " Elizabeth Sanchez wrote on Facebook . Two of the country 's largest veterans organizations have also criticized Paul 's actions . "  It is absolutely inexcusable that a VA supervisor would make light of any issue that veterans face , " VFW National Commander John W. Stroud said in a statement . "  The VFW demands she be replaced as program manager . " The American Legion also expressed their discontent , saying they take "  health care for veterans very seriously . " "  Veterans suffering from TBI and PTSD should not be held up to ridicule , " their statement read . John Crimmins was one of a few who came to the hospital 's defense . "  As a veteran who receives care at the Rodebush VA Medical Center , I find this apology to be acceptable . We 're all prone to doing stupid things . I 'm sure Ms. Paul has received a reprimand for her actions . She does n't need to lose her job . Now , let 's move on , " he wrote on the VA 's Facebook page . Mattice , who was not available for comment Wednesday , did not elaborate on the investigation into the incident , or why it took so long to move forward with placing Paul on leave , but instead asked for forgiveness . "  I ask veterans to accept my apology for this failure , and to allow us to continue to demonstrate to you our commitment to your health and well-being , " he said . This incident is the latest in what has been a tumultuous year for the Veterans Affairs Department . CNN 's months-long investigation into deaths due to long wait times for veterans at VA hospitals led to the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . CNN 's attempts to reach Paul were unanswered as of Wednesday afternoon .	Robin Paul on paid leave after email mocking mental illness surfaces Email photos showed elf hanging himself , begging for Xanax Medical director apologizes , says he 's committed to Veterans ' health .
CNN  -- Soccer may be the number one sport in most of Africa but basketball is growing fast and the NBA has set its sights on the continent to provide future stars , and tomorrow 's fans . In recent weeks , Amadou Gallo , managing director of NBA Africa , has embarked on a continent-wide tour including stop-offs in Ethiopia , Nigeria and South Africa . The talent hunt is part of the NBA 's "  Basketball without Borders " program , a community outreach project for young people , and is key to expanding the sport 's global reach . Gallo Fall said : "  Making the game accessible , increasing participation , growing a fan base , that 's the real priority . " Basketball without Borders takes the top youth players , aged 19 and under , from all over the world and invites them to train with NBA stars and coaches . Launched in 2001 , the program aims to promote basketball outside the U.S. and also offers young people the chance to develop life skills and education with their mentors . Read more : Africa 's new skyscraper cities "  Part of making the game accessible is also putting it on the televisions , " Gallo Fall said . "  More players are going to come from the continent so we are going to have  NBA  games here , just like in Europe , " he added . In August , the NBA signed a multi-year deal with South African broadcaster SuperSport to televise games from the 2013-14 season in 47 Sub-Saharan territories . Incoming NBA Commissioner Adam Silver -- who will succeed incumbent David Stern in February 2014 -- said the NBA is growing "  exponentially " outside the United States . He added : "  The continent of Africa , China , increasingly India , there are opportunities for basketball throughout the world , so that 's going to be my focus . " Although he recognizes that soccer is Africa 's most popular sport , Gallo Fall sees no reason for competition . "  Basketball is the number two sport globally and that holds true in Africa , " he said . "  There 's always the debate with football because that 's a game that you can play anywhere so we are working to make sure that children who have passion for playing our sport have access to playing it , " he added . Read more : The ` Beautiful Game ' as a way of life Despite , a lack of infrastructure in Africa , the NBA has a long tradition of African players . Legends including Dikembe Mutombo from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Sudan 's Manute Bol have inscribed their names into the NBA history books as being among of game 's greats . While more recently Chicago Bulls ' Sudan-born Luol Deng , who played as an All-Star in the 2011-12 season , and Cameroonian Luc Mbah A Moute of Milwaukee Bucks have broken into basketball 's elite league . Writing in an editorial for CNN last year , Masai Ujiri , general manager of NBA team Denver Nuggets said Africa represents a potentially huge talent pool for U.S. basketball . He said : "  Some tribes in Sudan and Senegal have an average height of 6-foot-6 , which also happens to be the size of the average NBA player . People in Nigeria , Mali and Congo tend to be very big and physical . We need to build a strategy to go into these regions and cultivate the talent through infrastructure and instruction . " But Ujiri added that if Africa is going to produce the basketball stars of the future , development needs to start at a young age . "  Most kids in Africa do n't start playing basketball until they are 13 or 14 years old . This puts them at a disadvantage because they lack the instincts and must work harder to develop , " he noted . And creating a younger fan base could also be good business for the NBA . "  We think there is a huge opportunity , " said Silver . "  I mean , there 's roughly a billion people on the continent of Africa , so just a little small sliver of those billion people can result in a very successful business for us . " Oliver Joy contributed to this story .	Africa is "  a huge opportunity " for the NBA , says incoming commissioner Adam Silver Chicago Bulls ' Luol Deng and Luc Mbah A Moute are among NBA 's African stars NBA 's Basketball without Borders program promotes basketball outside U.S.
DUNN , North Carolina  CNN  -- Barack Obama 's campaign announced Sunday the Democratic presidential candidate raised $ 150 million in donations in September , setting a new high-water mark in campaign fundraising . Barack Obama calls a prospective voter from a headquarters in Kansas City , Missouri , on Saturday . In a campaign video , Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said a record 632,000 new donors gave to the campaign , with the average contribution under $ 100 . More than 3 million donors have given so far . The Obama campaign raised $ 65 million in August . Regardless of the stunning haul , Plouffe told supporters the campaign still needed more money because of "  the slime that we 're getting from the McCain campaign . " Plouffe cited recent attack ads and automated phone calls in battleground states and said the campaign needed to have every resource to "  fight back . " "  Their campaign is going to descend even more into the gutter , " he said . Plouffe also said the campaign was expanding its reach to compete "  aggressively " in West Virginia . Tightening polls in Georgia and North Dakota meant more money and resources could be sent to those two states in the remaining days , he said . "  We ca n't afford to make any cuts . We have to execute everything we think is required to win , " Plouffe said of their battleground strategy . "  None of us can look back on the night of November 4 or the morning of November 5 and wished we had done something extra . " The McCain campaign accepted $ 85 million in federal matching funds for the last two months of the campaign . The Obama campaign opted out of the matching funds program and is free to raise and spend as much money as it can . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Sasha Johnson contributed to this report .	September amount is biggest monthly fundraising total for a presidential campaign Obama campaign added 632,000 new donors in September McCain accepted $ 85 million in federal funds for last two months of campaign
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- The man charged with shooting at motorists on Kansas City highways apparently fired a .380 pistol from his own car before speeding away , documents released on Friday said . Authorities identified the suspect as Mohammed Pedro Whitaker . He is 27 and lives in Grandview , south of Kansas City , reported CNN affiliate KCTV-TV . He was charged with 18 felony counts covering nine incidents and is being held under $ 1 million cash bond . Probable cause statements show police connected the shootings through .380 bullets found in the vehicles . Starting in early March , motorists told police of being shot at in the I-435 / I-470 / Highway 71 interchanges . In several cases , the drivers reported seeing a dark green car near them driven by a man wearing sunglasses , a dark hoodie and sometimes a black ski mask . One break came when a witness looking for a lost cell phone beside a road found a Walmart bag containing .380 ammunition , the documents showed . Prints on the ammunition boxes matched Whitaker 's . After police started shadowing Whitaker , he was observed trying to buy a .380 handgun with a laser sight from a man in a Bass Pro Shop parking lot , the statements said . When police questioned the second man , he told officers he advertised the pistol online but refused to sell when Whitaker could n't provide identification , the statement said . Police served search warrants at Whitaker 's residence on Monday and Thursday and found a .380 pistol , ammunition , sunglasses and three black hoodie sweatshirts , the statements show . When questioned by police , Whitaker said he was one of the "  highway shooter 's " victims and claimed not to own a firearm , the probable cause statements say . Jackson County , Missouri , prosecutor Jean Peters Baker , speaking at a press briefing , said Whitaker acted alone . She said he is being held on $ 1 million cash bond . Baker would n't reveal much background on Whitaker but said he has "  very little criminal record . " Whitaker is accused of shooting at nine vehicles , with two charges in each incident , Baker said . Baker said surveillance , ballistics , more than 100 tips from citizens and witness statements helped authorities with their case . "  It was n't built on one thing , " she said . "  It was built on a series of things . " Earlier , police said someone had fired a gun at as many as 20 motorists on major roads and highways . Baker did n't say if investigators suspected Whitaker in the other cases but that more charges may be filed . Three people in vehicles were reported shot , none with life-threatening injuries . Whitaker was charged in two of those cases , Baker said . Whitaker was arrested Thursday . Kevin Cooksey , who lives across an alley from the suspect , said he saw police take him into custody . "  He could n't go nowhere because he was surrounded . Completely surrounded , " Cooksey told affiliate KSHB-TV . "  They were on him . As soon as it happened , they were on him . " The shootings began March 8 . Some motorists were n't even aware shots had been fired at their vehicles . Jennie Baugher was driving along U.S. 71 when she heard something strike her car . "  I thought a big rock hit us , " said the married mother of two from Roeland Park , Kansas . "  My husband saw it the next day . Immediately when he told me that there was a hole in my car , I realized a bullet hit my car . " Mechanic found bullet holes Tom McFarlin said he thinks shots at his vehicle came from a moving car on one of the ramps or overpasses . "  It was exactly where the highway splits , " he said . McFarlin was headed home to Lee 's Summit , Missouri , on Interstate 470 south after watching his son 's basketball game . Like Baugher , his car was shot in the evening , around 8:30 . When he took his car to mechanics a few days later , they discovered not one , but two bullets . The second one was lodged in the undercarriage . Both cars were hit in the rear on the passenger side . The bullets lodged in metal and did not make it inside . In McFarlin 's case , had the bullet made its way through the metal , anyone sitting in the passenger seat would have been hit . Authorities had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in the case . Fears calmed Residents greeted news of the arrest with relief . "  It 's actually been really nerve-racking , " Marisol Sanchez told KCTV . "  It 's really scary because I 've been scared driving around , " motorist Melissa Mitchell also told KCTV . "  Everybody is talking about the shooter , and now it 's good that they have caught him in a short time , " said gas station manager Bader Qureini . Kansas City Mayor Sly James praised the investigators , saying , "  Our citizens should have a heightened sense of security on the highways . " CNN 's Dave Cera and George Howell reported from Kansas City , Missouri . CNN 's Ed Payne and Ralph Ellis wrote this report in Atlanta .	Man charged with 18 felony counts covering nine incidents Police identify the suspect as Mohammed Pedro Whitaker Break came when witness found ammo boxes beside road He is being held on $ 1 million cash bond , prosecutor says
CNN  -- The fugitive pilot accused of faking his own death had enough provisions to stay on the run for awhile , according to court documents filed Wednesday . Marcus Schrenker was taken to a hospital after being found Tuesday near Quincy , Florida , authorities say . Authorities found financial manager Marcus Schrenker , who they say parachuted out of a plane while over Alabama , with deep cuts on his wrist at a campsite near Quincy , Florida Tuesday . But the biggest clues helping authorities piece together his complex plan were what they did n't find at the site of the crashed plane . Authorities believe Schrenker guided himself from his jump-off point to the campsite armed with pages from a 50-state road book . Authorities found the road book , with the Florida and Alabama pages missing , near the downed plane , according to a court affidavit . The financial manager may have mapped out opportunities to hide at campsites . Authorities also found a book of campsites -- also with the Alabama and Florida pages ripped out -- near the plane , according to the affidavit . When authorities found Schrenker Tuesday , he had deep cuts on his wrists . He was incoherent and bleeding so profusely he probably would not have survived another hour , a federal agent said Wednesday . Schrenker was "  verbally resistant " to authorities ' offer of medical help and was muttering a phrase with the word "  die , " said Frank Chiumento , assistant chief of the U.S. Marshals Service office in Florida , who participated in the raid . But Schrenker also had tools to survive . He had plenty of food , water and clothes , authorities said . Federal charges were filed against Schrenker on Wednesday in the incident , with prosecutors alleging he intentionally communicated a false distress message and caused the Coast Guard "  to attempt to save lives and property when no help was needed . " Schrenker is also charged with willfully damaging , destroying or wrecking an aircraft . Schrenker was charged Tuesday in Indiana with one felony count each of an unlawful act by a compensated adviser and unlawful transaction by an investment adviser . He was taken to Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare and remained there Wednesday , officials said . Indiana officials have agreed to allow the federal case against Schrenker to proceed before seeking to have him extradited to Indiana , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office in the Northern District of Florida . A federal arrest warrant was issued , and Schrenker will appear before a magistrate judge in Pensacola , Florida , after he is released and arrested , the statement said . Chiumento said marshals are waiting for Schrenker to be healthy enough to be released from the hospital before charging him as a fugitive from justice . Authorities say Schrenker took off alone Sunday night from Anderson , Indiana , in a Piper PA-46 en route to Destin , Florida . Over Alabama , he contacted air-traffic controllers , saying the windshield had imploded and that he was bleeding profusely . Court documents indicate Schrenker had planned to say exactly that . On the back of a book found near the crash , there was a list of what appeared to be summary points , "  which included ` cracked windshield , window imploded , bleeding profusely ' or words to that effect , " according to the affidavit . Police suspect he then put the aircraft on autopilot and parachuted to the ground . The plane later crashed near the Blackwater River in East Milton , Florida , missing a group of homes by 50 to 75 yards , said Sgt. Scott Haines of the Santa Rosa County , Florida , sheriff 's department . Quincy is about 215 miles southeast of Childersburg , Alabama , where Schrenker was first spotted after authorities believe he bailed out of the aircraft . Watch what authorities believe happened " Marshals say Schrenker showed up at 2:30 a.m. Monday at a home in Childersburg , about 35 miles south of Birmingham , telling a resident he had been in a canoeing accident . After getting a ride into town , he was taken by police , who were unaware of the crash , to a hotel in nearby Harpersville . When police , who identified Schrenker using his FAA pilot 's license , heard about the crash and returned , they found that he had checked in under a false name and had since disappeared , possibly into a nearby wooded area , authorities said . Officials believe he fled Harpersville on a 2008 red Yamaha street bike he had stashed at a storage unit earlier , also using an assumed name . Investigators found the storage unit empty , with some wet clothes left behind . Officials found the motorcycle at the campground Tuesday night . Chiumento declined to reveal how authorities tracked down Schrenker other than to say the lead came from the Birmingham marshal 's office . Authorities think Schrenker defrauded investors through three companies he owns before attempting his vanishing act . Watch what a friend and an attorney say about Schrenker " A lawyer for Schrenker 's wife attempted to distance his family from the incident , saying she and the couple 's three young children "  are victims of this man 's deceitfulness . " "  She is not guilty of anything other than trusting her husband of 13 years , " said attorney Mary Schmid , who is representing Michelle Schrenker in divorce proceedings . Michelle Schrenker contacted her last summer to discuss a divorce because he was having an affair , Schmid said in a statement . "  At the time , she wanted to work on reconciling with her husband , " Schmid said . But the affair continued , and Michelle Schrenker filed for divorce December 30 , the attorney said . The divorce filing was based on Marcus Schrenker 's infidelity and not the accusations of investment fraud , the statement said . "  In fact , Michelle first learned of the allegations against him when , on December 31 , 2008 , the police and investigators came to her door to search her home . To Michelle 's dismay , at the time her home was being searched , Marcus was in Florida with his girlfriend . " "  Everyone should remember that Michelle and her children are suffering through a terrible time right now , " the statement said . "  Through no fault of their own , they are having to deal with the repercussions of this man 's behavior and will be doing so for a long time to come . " CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , Kevin Bohn , Kathleen Johnston and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilot had road maps , campsite lists for Alabama , Florida , according to affidavit Lawyer for pilot 's wife says family is victim of husband 's "  deceitfulness " Marcus Schrenker faces charges related to crash of plane Police : Schrenker bailed out of plane before crash , fled on stashed motorcycle
CNN  President Barack Obama has sent a letter to Congress requesting a resolution that will grant him authority to use military force against ISIS . In an effort to placate opponents of military intervention in both parties , the administration has hedged the request by including language that restricts "  enduring offensive ground forces " and limits any intervention to three years . He sent a letter with the request promising Congress that he would not authorize "  long-term , large scale ground combat operations " as occurred in Iraq or Afghanistan . With that language , he then does ask for authorization to use ground troops . There is no reason not to take Obama at his word with what would be the first authorization for the use of force since 2002 when President George W. Bush requested this to conduct strikes against Iraq . Obama has usually been hesitant to use large-scale force unless it is absolutely necessary to protect the nation 's interest , and he has shown a clear preference for other methods of combatting terrorism -- from the use of targeted drone air wars to diplomatic initiatives . Obama , who came into office railing against Bush 's use of wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , both of which he has drawn down , is not eager to jump into another major conflict . Yet the history of these kinds of resolutions should give Congress pause . For a start , lawmakers will have to be extraordinarily vigilant in how they word the resolution and make very clear the kind of limits that they want to impose , and to live by . The reality is that even when presidents have promised to use limited force , the nature of foreign conflict has a logic of its own . Pressure can escalate to support intervention . Within the United States , the dynamics of politics can drive both parties toward a more hawkish stand , relying on the most liberal interpretation of the war powers that had formally been granted . "  What does it mean , " asked Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , about the term "  enduring offensive ground operations ? How long , how big is ` enduring ' ? ` Offensive ' , what 's ` offensive ' when it comes to the Department of Defense ? " We have seen this dynamic repeatedly in recent American history . Most famously , we saw Lyndon Johnson approach Congress in August 1964 to request a resolution authorizing the use of force in response to alleged communist attacks against U.S. Navy ships in the Gulf of Tonkin . Back then , Johnson sent word to members , through Sen. William Fulbright of Arkansas , that he only wanted power to deal with this specific incident . Fulbright told fellow senators that if Johnson wanted to do anything bigger he would return to Capitol Hill to request their support . That 's not how the war unfolded . Just as Harry Truman had seen with the conflict in Korea , Johnson kept steadily escalating the military presence in a conflict that would consume his presidency . And while there were a number of legislators who stood up against the war , warning that it was a mistake and threatening to use budgetary power to stop the President , the conflict proved extraordinarily difficult to control . Indeed , far more legislators gave their support to the operation once it had started . Proponents of the war in both parties did a good job of isolating opponents of the war as dangerous , unpatriotic radicals who were not willing to support the fight against communism . The strength of the Vietcong and the North Vietnamese army , meanwhile , constantly created pressure to intensify the conflict . The same dynamics were at work even when presidents did exercise restraint . In 1991 , President George H.W. Bush asked for support to employ force to remove Saddam Hussein 's Iraqi forces from Kuwait . In that case , in the short term , the elder Bush lived up to his word and ended the mission once it was complete . The problem was that the dynamics of the region created ongoing pressure for military intervention . Once the United States had formally announced that Hussein was a threat , it was difficult to ignore the continued provocations , and when Hussein continued to violate U.N. resolutions , there was ongoing pressure to employ force . The continued presence of troops in the region after Operation Desert Storm , meanwhile , triggered intense animosity that helped fuel the creation and spread of al Qaeda . After 9/11 , President George W. Bush sought war power to combat the forces that had been responsible for the horrendous attacks . Initially , this was the focus . But that quickly escalated . First Congress passed a resolution in 2001 granting Bush sweeping wartime powers , a resolution that Obama 's current request would leave in place even if many critics have argued that it has been used far too liberally . In 2002 , Bush built on this to seek a resolution using force against Iraq . Similarly congressional-approved counterterrorism surveillance programs would be used in the same fashion . While it 's not always the case , wars can often get bigger and bigger -- so-called mission creep . If Congress is not extraordinarily careful with how it crafts the resolution , initial authority can quickly become the basis for ongoing , large-scale and prolonged intervention -- far beyond what legislators originally intended . All this means that when the president sends such a request to Congress , legislators in both parties should take seriously their responsibility to ensure that the language is as tight as possible and that their intentions are clear . They should also use this moment to revisit the 2001 authorization . And once they have done all this ? That 's when the toughest part begins . Because that is when Congress will have to live by its initial word and push back against any efforts to expand the mission in ways that go beyond the scope of the authorization . That will be much easier said than done .	President Obama has sent military force request to Congress Julian Zelizer : Congress must be extraordinarily vigilant on wording
CNN  -- An explosion destroyed a home in suburban Pittsburgh on Wednesday , killing an elderly man and severely injuring his grandchild , authorities said . A house exploded Wednesday , killng one person and injuring a second , in the Pennsylvania borough of Plum . The explosion was reported about 1:30 p.m. on Mardi Gras Drive in Plum Borough , about 15 miles northeast of Pittsburgh . Several neighboring homes were damaged , fire officials said . Richard Leith , 64 , was babysitting his grandchild in the home , according to John J. Smith , an investigator with the Allegheny County medical examiner 's office . Both were transported to local hospitals , though Leith died later in the afternoon . The condition of the child , who was treated at Children 's Hospital , was unknown , Smith said . Leith 's autopsy would be conducted on Thursday , he added . It is unclear what caused the explosion . Dave Heiser , a neighbor , told CNN that he was home when he heard the explosion . "  I thought my house blew up . My windows were blown out . I went outside and debris was falling from the sky , " he said . Watch the neighbor describe hearing the blast " He said he ran three houses down and saw a woman running with a little girl and screaming . "  The little girl was apparently in the house when the explosion happened and was blown outside , " Heiser said . "  That house was leveled to the ground . There is nothing left . " Several families who were displaced by the explosion were directed to Red Cross officials to make arrangements for shelter Wednesday night , authorities said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Officials : 1:30 p.m. explosion kills grandfather , severely injures grandchild It 's unclear what caused the blast , authorities say Investigator : 64-year-old Richard Leith died at hospital Neighbor says he saw a woman running down street with a little girl after blast
The investigation into Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is now classified as a criminal investigation , The Wall Street Journal reported , citing the Malaysian police chief . Inspector General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said authorities have already recorded more than 170 statements and will interview more people for the Flight 370 probe , the Journal said . But Bakar cautioned that what happened with Flight 370 might still be unknown after the investigation . He added that the investigation into the flight simulator in the pilot 's house is still inconclusive . Authorities are awaiting an expert 's report on the simulator , he said . After three and a half weeks , the search for the missing plane has come down to this : a lot of floating rubbish , hundreds of heartbroken relatives and , now , quibbling over words all acknowledge offer no clues into what happened to the doomed plane . Malaysian authorities on Tuesday released the transcript of radio chatter between air traffic controllers and the plane in the hour or so before it vanished while flying from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing on March 8 with 239 people on board . The transcript shows the last voice transmission from the doomed plane was "  Good night Malaysian three-seven-zero " -- not the "  All right , good night " transmission authorities had previously used . The comments are "  exactly what you 'd expect " in a cockpit , airline safety expert John Gadzinski told CNN 's "  The Lead . " Still , even if this new transcript offers no clues about the plane 's mysterious disappearance , the discrepancy has provided fresh fodder for critics of Malaysia 's handling of the investigation . Read the cockpit transcript That authorities gave one version and let it stand uncorrected for weeks undermines confidence in the investigation , air accident investigation experts told CNN . "  High criticism is in order at this point , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . And Michael Goldfarb , a former chief of staff at the Federal Aviation Administration , added that people following the investigation "  have n't had a straight , clear word that we can have a lot of fidelity in . " "  We have the tragedy of the crash , we have the tragedy of an investigation gone awry and then we have questions about where we go from here , " he said . Malaysian officials have defended their work , with acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein recently saying , "  History will judge us well . " Regardless of one 's assessment of Malaysia 's response , that does n't change the immense challenge it faces -- especially given the few apparent details on altitude , speed and , of course , location . "  They are looking in a vast area in very deep waters , ... and we really have no idea where it went in , " Bill Schofield , an Australian scientist who helped create flight data recorders that could be key in determining what happened , told CNN . " ... A needle in a haystack would be much easier to find . " Inside the flight simulator Search ` could drag on ' After refocusing their search Friday to a new patch of Indian Ocean hundreds of miles from where they had been looking , authorities still have n't found anything definitively linked to Flight 370 . Ten aircraft and nine ships crisscrossed a 46,000-square-mile  120,000-square-kilometer  search zone on Tuesday . With so many planes in the skies over the search zone , Australia sent an airborne air traffic control plane to guard against accidents . The search zone for Wednesday shifted eastward toward the Australian coast from what it had the day before , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . While this means new territory will be covered , officials caution against expecting an imminent breakthrough . "  It will take time , " retired Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the head of the Australia 's new Joint Agency Coordination Centre , said Tuesday . "  It 's not something that 's necessarily going to be resolved in the next two weeks . " The plane disappeared over the waters between Malaysia and Vietnam , after signing off with Malaysian controllers , but before checking in with their counterparts in Vietnam . Authorities do n't know what happened on board after that , but radar and satellite data show the plane turned off course and flew back across Malaysia before turning south over the Indian Ocean . Based on sophisticated analysis of satellite data , investigators believe it went down in the southern Indian Ocean , but they ca n't pinpoint a location . A Malaysian government source told CNN on Monday that the airliner 's turn off course is being considered a "  criminal act , " either by one of the pilots or someone else . In a background briefing given to CNN , Malaysian investigators said they believed the plane was "  flown by someone with good flying knowledge of the aircraft . " A senior Malaysian government official last week told CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes that authorities have found nothing in days of investigating the two pilots that leads them to any motive , be it political , suicidal or extremist . "  It 's one of the great mysteries of our time , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in a radio interview Wednesday from Perth , where he 'll host his Malaysian counterpart Najib Razak later in the day . " ... We owe it to the world , we owe it to those families to do whatever we reasonably can do get to the bottom of this . " More help on the way Chinese relatives of passengers got a chance Wednesday to learn how the search is unfolding and how it 's been concluded that the flight ended in the Indian Ocean . Malaysia Airlines and Malaysia 's Department of Civil Aviation led a closed-door briefing with the Chinese kin in Kuala Lumpur , the Malaysian government said . Technical experts from Malaysia , China and Australia were also expected to participate , as was the Chinese ambassador to Malaysia . Meanwhile , even more assets are contributing to the search . Hishammuddin tweeted the HMS Tireless , a British nuclear submarine , will take part . It 'll be joined by an Australian ship with a pinger locator designed to listen for locator beacons attached to the plane 's flight data recorder plus a submersible capable of canvassing the ocean floor for wreckage . Both pieces of technology come from the U.S. Navy . The equipment wo n't be of any use , however , until searchers are able to find wreckage from the plane to help narrow the search zone . That 's because neither the pinger locator nor the submersible can quickly scan the enormous area being searched . Under the best of sea conditions , the pingers can be heard 2 nautical miles away . But high seas , background noise , wreckage or silt can all make pingers harder to detect . It will take the ship , the Ocean Shield , two more days just to get to the search zone , leaving precious little time to locate the flight data recorders before the batteries on its locator beacon run out . Time is running out : The batteries are designed to last 30 days . Wednesday is the 26th day that authorities have been looking for the plane . There 's no guarantee it will be found anytime soon . For all the expertise and technology , there 's still more unknown about Flight 370 than is known about it -- including its altitude , precise speed and , especially , its final resting place . As CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said : "  We 're seeing what amounts to a big guess . " Families of newlyweds still waiting Ocean Shield : A mission of hope in search for Flight 370 Mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy	WSJ : Police have recorded 170 statements and will interview more people Search area for new day shifts eastward Malaysian authorities revise language used in last radio communications Wednesday is the 26th day authorities have been searching for Flight 370
If the federal government shuts down starting Tuesday because of a bitter partisan battle over the new health care law , more people say congressional Republicans rather than President Barack Obama would be responsible , according to a new national survey . A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday morning , hours before funding for the government is scheduled to run out , also indicates that most Americans think Republicans in Congress are acting like spoiled children in this fiscal fight , with the public divided on whether the president is acting like a spoiled child or a responsible adult . And six in 10 questioned in the survey say they want Congress to approve a budget agreement to avoid a government shutdown , and if it happens , most people say a shutdown would be a bad thing for the country . The poll 's release comes one day after the GOP-dominated House of Representatives approved a spending plan to fund the government that would delay the Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare , for a year , and repeal its tax on medical devices . 10 ways a shutdown would affect daily life That measure now heads back to Senate later Monday , where the Democratic majority has said any changes to the health care law would be a deal-killer . If no deal is reached on a temporary funding measure , a government shutdown would kick in at 12:01 a.m. ET Tuesday . According to the poll , which was conducted Friday through Sunday , 46 % say they would blame congressional Republicans for a government shutdown , with 36 % saying the president would be more responsible and 13 % pointing fingers at both the GOP in Congress and Obama . "  The number who would hold congressional Republicans responsible has gone down by 5 points since early September , and the number who would blame Obama is up 3 points in that same time , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Those changes came among most demographic groups . " The CNN poll is similar to a CBS News/New York Times survey released late last week that indicated 44 % blaming congressional Republicans and 35 % pointing fingers at the president . Two other polls conducted in the past week and a half , from Pew Research Center and United Technologies/National Journal , showed a much closer margin but their questions mentioned Republicans in general rather than the GOP in Congress . While most Democrats questioned in the CNN poll would predictably blame congressional Republicans and most Republicans questioned would point fingers at the president , independents were divided on which side they would blame . In a separate question , 49 % of all people in the poll say that Obama is acting like a responsible adult in this budget battle , with 47 % describing him as a spoiled child . While that 's nothing to brag about , it 's better than Congress . Read the entire CNN/ORC poll According to the poll , 58 % say congressional Democrats are acting like spoiled children , with that number rising to 69 % for the GOP in Congress . Only one in four say congressional Republicans are acting like responsible adults . Some 68 % say a shutdown for a few days would be a bad thing for the country , with that number rising to nearly eight in 10 for a shutdown lasting a few weeks . Six in 10 questioned in the CNN survey say that it is more important for Congress to avoid a shutdown than to make major changes to the new health care law , with only a third saying it is more important for lawmakers to prevent major provisions in the new health care law from taking effect by cutting the funds needed to implement them . Note : When CNN began interviews for this poll on Friday evening , the Senate had just stripped out of its bill the House Republican measure to defund the health care law . What the House passed this weekend does n't specifically call for a defunding of Obamacare -- instead it delays its implementation for a year -- but the repeal on medical devices would cut key funding for the law . The drive to overthrow the health care law , which was passed in 2010 when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress , is being fueled by GOP lawmakers voted into office the past two elections with the strong support of tea party activists and other grassroots conservatives . "  A majority of Republicans think that blocking Obamacare is more important than approving a budget agreement , " said Holland . "  So do tea party supporters , regardless of their partisan affiliation . " "  Who 's driving this strategy : 40 to 50 of the most conservative members of the House , and four or five of the most conservative members of the Senate , " says CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  Fifty-six percent of tea party supporters say it 's a good thing to shut down the government . These are the folks those most conservative members of Congress are listening to . Those lawmakers think back home they 're on safe ground even though nationally shutting down the government is a non-starter . " The poll indicates that Obamacare is not popular , with 57 % saying they oppose the law , up 3 points from May , and 38 % saying they support the measure , down five points from May . But only about four in 10 oppose it because it is too liberal , with about one in 10 saying they do n't like the law because it is not liberal enough . If you add the 38 % who favor the law to the 11 % to oppose the law because it 's not liberal enough , you get 49 % , compared with the 39 % who say they oppose the law because it 's too liberal . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International September 27-29 , with 803 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . THE QUESTIONS Where do you stand ? Add your thoughts in the comments below : QUESTION : If the federal government shuts down , do you think that Barack Obama or the Republicans in Congress would be more responsible for that ? QUESTION : Do you think Barack Obama has acted mostly like a responsible adult or mostly like a spoiled child during the recent debate over the federal budget ? QUESTION : Do you think the Republicans in Congress have acted mostly like responsible adults or mostly like spoiled children during the recent debate over the federal budget ? QUESTION : Do you think the Democrats in Congress have acted mostly like responsible adults or mostly like spoiled children during the recent debate over the federal budget ? A political game of chicken as shutdown looms House Republicans : Senate is running out the clock Architect of the brink : Meet the man behind the looming shutdown	CNN/ORC International poll : Six in 10 say they want budget deal to avoid shutdown In poll , 46 % would blame congressional Republicans and 36 % would blame the president Poll says 57 % oppose the Affordable Care Act ; 803 people participated in the two-day poll
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A civil case has been filed against the New York Police Department by a Brooklyn woman whose fiance was shot more than 50 times by police officers on the day they were to be married . Nicole Paultre Bell weeps in March as indictments in her fiance 's shooting death are announced . Sean Bell was killed last November when five police officers opened fire on him and two friends outside a strip club in the Jamaica neighborhood of Queens , where he was attending his bachelor party . A criminal case is under way in Queens Supreme Court against three of the five officers . The civil suit accuses all five officers , as well as the NYPD , of negligence , recklessness and civil rights violations . According to Sanford Rubenstein -- who filed the civil suit on behalf of Bell 's fiancee , Nicole Paultre Bell , and the two other men who were fired upon -- the criminal case remains the victims ' "  primary priority right now . " His clients will not pursue the civil case until the criminal trial wraps up , he said . The next scheduled court date for the criminal case is September 7 . Rubenstein said he expects a trial date to be set at that time . Paultre Bell legally took her fiance 's name after his death . E-mail to a friend	Police shot and killed Sean Bell outside strip club in November Shooting occurred early on morning of Bell 's planned wedding to Nicole Paultre Three officers face criminal charges in wake of incident Two of Bell 's friends were wounded
CNN  -- The family of the U.S. swim star who died over the weekend during a race in the United Arab Emirates mourned Monday as answers to questions surrounding his death remained murky . Fran Crippen , 26 , died Saturday during the last leg of the Marathon Swimming World Cup . "  The official word coming out of the UAE ... is that he died from drowning . So now we have to go and figure out exactly how that happened because obviously Fran was a swimmer who was in peak physical shape , " the swimmer 's sister , Maddy Crippen , told CNN . Another athlete in the race told CNN the competition might not have been monitored closely enough . "  I may be mistaken , but I ca n't remember seeing any boats that were going by us to watch the athletes a little bit closer , especially the ones that were falling behind , " said German swimmer Jan Wolfgarten . "  With the conditions that extreme , for future reference , there should be people watching what 's going on with the athletes , " Wolfgarten said . Monitors on at least nine boats and four personal watercraft were watching the race , according to event organizers . Wolfgarten said he thought Crippen "  was in just as good a shape as anyone can be . " But both the water and the air were "  really , really warm , " Wolfgarten told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The sun came straight down " during the last lap , just before noon , he said , suggesting it might be better to do the race in late afternoon next year . Crippen 's sister said she had heard from people who were there that her brother was n't "  charging " like he usually did when he swam . "  He was n't himself as the race continued , " she said . U.S. Swimming Federation authorities said they expect to receive the body of the star open-water swimmer Monday . "  In respect for his memory , " the International Swimming Federation  FINA  canceled the remaining heats in the UAE in the wake of Crippen 's death , according the federation 's website . The loss of Crippen hit hard in suburban Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he grew up in a family of swimmers . Crippen was on target to achieve his goal of being an Olympian -- a dream cut short . "  We 're all grieving . We 're all in shock , " said Richard Shoulberg , his longtime prep school coach . Doctors determined that severe fatigue was behind Crippen 's sudden death , UAE Swimming Federation Secretary Saeed Al Hamour told CNN on Sunday . Earlier , however , the head of the water sports club in Fujairah , Ahmed Ibrahim , said that preliminary tests showed the swimmer suffered a heart attack . The official report released by the UAE Swimming Federation made no mention of a heart attack . Crippen died during the last leg of the Marathon Swimming World Cup in Fujairah , the International Swimming Federation said in a news release . The cause of death is under investigation , the federation said . In a conversation with Shoulberg 12 hours before the race , Crippen said that the outside temperature was 100 degrees and that the water was 87 degrees . Some have speculated the high temperatures may have contributed to the death . However , Al Hamour denied any reports that Crippen 's death may have been caused by water temperature . "  The competition was monitored and supervised by the International Swimming Federation . All security measures were taken care of as needed , " Al Hamour said . "  We 've organized so far 14 competitions and championships and never had any death . " Swimming World magazine reported that Crippen fell unconscious during the event and deep-sea divers found him two hours later near the race 's final buoy . Crippen won bronze in the 10-kilometer event at the 2009 FINA World Championships and was the gold medalist in the same event at the 2007 Pan American Games , according to USA Swimming . Monday , his family released a statement thanking Crippen 's fans and friends for their support . "  Fran 's life was filled with passion , whether it was swimming for the U.S. or cheering on his beloved Philadelphia Phillies . We take some solace knowing he passed while doing what he loved most , swimming , " it read .	NEW : Swimmer 's family takse solace in knowing "  he passed ... doing what he loved " NEW : Swimmer 's sister says he was n't himself as the race continued Officials say that severe fatigue was a factor in Fran Crippen 's death Crippen , 26 , died during last leg of 10-kilometer open-water race
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As more U.S. troops head to Afghanistan , more families back home long to hear from their loved ones in uniform . Gia Ellis , wife of Marine Lt. Jason Ellis , holds her daughter Ava while watching a video . But the nature of the battle in Afghanistan makes that much harder now than it has been for troops serving in Iraq . Instead of near instant contact through e-mail , texts or even video conference calls , families back home often have to rely on something that once was rare : hand-written letters . "  Can you imagine we 're going back to paper and pen . It 's so weird to write an actual letter but that 's what we have to do , " Gia Ellis told CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence during a visit to Camp Lejeune Marine Base in North Carolina last week . The problem is two-fold : tactics and infrastructure , according to Marine spokesman Capt. Bill Pelletier , who is currently serving in Southern Afghanistan . The new commander of NATO troops in Afghanistan is sending units out into remote villages to defend the locals from Taliban attacks . Rarely do those villages have modern communications systems . Some units have a satellite phones but the demand on the phones makes it hard for troops to use them to call home . Watch reporter on move with U.S. troops " "  Personally I was spoiled last year , " said Ellis , whose husband Jason served last year in Iraq and is currently in Afghanistan . "  We could talk and see each other on webcam and e-mail almost every day . And this year with the initial push into Afghanistan it 's completely different . " Some wives become news junkies , combing through news reports from the field hoping to learn more about their husbands or at least his unit . "  Because we 're not getting the e-mails , it means a lot just to even try to find a picture , get a glimpse of them , " said Melissa Pullen , the wife of a deployed Marine . For older soldiers , previous deployments put the convenience of modern communication in perspective . Capt. David Luber remembers waiting to talk to his wife during a nine-month tour during Operation Desert Storm . With limited phone access and no e-mail , Luber recalls the angst he felt during his deployment . "  It was worse than I imagine prison in some respects . Men in prison know that they deserve to lose their freedom . They have telephones , television and green grass outside that they can be with for a time each day , " Luber said . Unable to reveal when or where his trips would end , Luber would go weeks without hearing his wife 's voice . To make matters worse , Marines only received mail once their ship arrived at port . Sleepless nights and the torment of reckless seas were forgotten when he 'd receive a bundle of letters , one for each consecutive day his wife , Belinda , wrote . One by one Luber would put the letters in chronological order and read each one until he read the last . "  There are things that we say on paper that we are not so quick to speak , if at all , " he says . "  There 's the handwriting and the perfume that you ca n't get through the phone or e-mail , so the letters were precious . " For younger troops and their families , the technological comforts of Iraq can make the new mission in Afghanistan difficult to adapt to . "  Our Marines have been told from day one that Afghanistan is not Iraq , " Pelletier wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Troops are provided first and foremost with the "  must haves " to help complete the mission , he wrote . This includes water , food , ammunition and an age old treasure for military personnel , mail . There 's already help on the way for those who prefer 21st century communications . Pelletier says an Internet caf has been established at Camp Leatherneck in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , the remote area along Afghanistan 's southern border with Pakistan where the Marines are involved in a long-term offensive . Pelletier said that the Marine Corps plan to extend Internet service as the mission evolves . Until then , Ellis and Pullen will have to rely on hand-written letters to communicate with their husbands . And that might not be all bad . Luber is now a deputy program manager at the Office of Naval Research . It 's been 18 years since his Desert Storm deployment , but the comfort and fragrance of his wife 's letters linger . "  I still have them all and she has all mine , " he said .	U.S. troops warned Afghanistan is not Iraq -- where communication is easier Troops in Afghan outposts communicate with loved ones by snail mail "  Handwriting and perfume -- you ca n't get through the phone or e-mail " Wives comb news reports to find news or glimpse of husbands
CNN  As a well-traveled photographer , Pieter ten Hoopen is no stranger to refugee camps . But he never experienced any like the Mayo camp , which is outside the Sudanese capital of Khartoum . Ten Hoopen was at the camp to photograph a new medical clinic for Emergency , a humanitarian group from Italy . He also hoped to document what life was like for refugees there . His hopes were dashed , however , when he was told he could n't photograph outside the hospital compound . "  I had very , very hard restrictions from the Sudanese government . ... They are very well-skilled in keeping the media at bay , " ten Hoopen said . With no freedom of movement , much like the refugees themselves , ten Hoopen resorted to an old trick he had used before while traveling in Africa . With the help of refugee hospital workers , he built a makeshift photo studio using hospital bed sheets and other materials available . The studio quickly became a sensation . Once hospital employees volunteered to have their photo taken , lines of refugees began snaking around the hospital grounds waiting to have their portraits taken . One by one , these people sat solemnly to be photographed . It was their time to be acknowledged . There was gravity , earnestness to the way they posed . This was the moment their story would be registered . "  This was one of the reasons why I built the studio : to get more material and more narratives from the people , " ten Hoopen said . The project quickly became a catalog of the history and identity of the refugees . The photos span several generations -- some of the subjects were born at the refugee camp , some have been there for decades . Women wearing the traditional Sudanese tobe spell out their class and origin by the way it is wrapped . From the Muslim north , women are fully covered -- a contrast to women from the Christian south , who we also see represented in these photos . Whether from Sudan , South Sudan or Eritrea , the faces become , individually and collectively , a portrait of the endless wars that have shaped the Horn of Africa . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The word refugee often conjures up images of faceless crowds fleeing conflict , their existence only registered in terms of statistics and graphs . Ten Hoopen wanted to give his subjects the ability to express themselves freely . "  They got very serious , they sat down upright . ... I tried to say as little as possible , " he said . "  I do believe in their own expressions , their own narrative ... and their unique perspective . " The studio had a comforting effect . It was a haven from the hustling and bustling of the camp hospital . It gave the photographer an opportunity to meet his subject matter eye to eye , giving each person their deserved attention . Aesthetically , it created an aura around each person , beaming light on his or her personal narrative . It had some uplifting effects as well . "  I always try to put some extra thought to  projects  . So I build classic photo studios like they have in any small towns in the African continent or in Europe ... just to give people a little bit of the feeling they are special for a short time and that someone really photographs them in an official way , " ten Hoopen said . He said some patients at the hospital "  had being laying there for months in their room . ... Then you take them out , it 's a little treat to get them out of their own misery . ... That 's why you see the line growing , because they see people laughing when they come out of the studio . " Ten-month-old Buseiwa was not laughing when she entered the studio . Having just had a blood test for malaria , she clearly looked uneasy . Gazing to someone who is holding her hand , her eyes connect with this parental figure as a source of strength . Hawa Haranan , 40 , came from the war-torn Darfur region before getting a job as a cleaner at the hospital . As she wears a simple tobe , one can almost see the emotions behind her leonine stare . Her life and struggle , as with the other individuals photographed , is accounted for with the testimony of a camera . Ten Hoopen used tilt-shift lenses , which are normally used with the large-format cameras used in classic photography . "  I really can appreciate old portraiture ... when people got their portrait taken in a way that was loaded , I think , with respect and it was a very serious moment , " he said . "  It 's a slow way of working where you have to put all your focus into one person sitting in front of you . " How did ten Hoopen gain the trust of so many uneasy refugees , some severely traumatized and living in fear ? "  It was n't hard , " he said . "  I just told them to relax and have fun . "  Kids sometimes got nervous , and I do n't blame them . I am a tall , white , bald European guy . ... I am not only funny to look at , but it is hot in that country so I am usually very red when I am photographing . ... I have tattoos everywhere . ... They thought I was a quite interesting creature . " Pieter ten Hoopen is a photographer based in Stockholm , Sweden . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Pieter ten Hoopen took portraits of refugees at the Mayo camp in Khartoum , Sudan He set up a makeshift studio near a hospital , and it quickly became a sensation
JUAREZ , Mexico  CNN  -- Jose Molinar knew something was n't right . He had n't heard from his wife for a few hours , which was not sitting well with him . Marisella Molinar was killed while driving her boss , a target of cartels , across the border into El Paso , Texas . Marisella Molinar worked as a secretary for a top prosecutor in Juarez , Mexico , Jesus Huerta Yedra . She was employed in the office for more than 10 years and though she lived across the border in El Paso , Texas , with her husband , she drove about 20 minutes over the Juarez-El Paso border every day to the job she loved . The growing violence over rival drug cartels had concerned the couple , but Mexico was a part of their lives and they were sure the violence stayed between rival drug gangs , who were fighting over a lucrative drug route into the United States . Without fail , Marisella Molinar would call her husband every day when she arrived to work , went out for lunch and when she was leaving the office . But on December 3 , 2008 , by around 5:30 p.m. , Jose Molinar still had n't heard from his wife . He called the office in Mexico and was told she was giving her boss a ride over the border so he could do some Christmas shopping . Jose Molinar turned on his television , and his life changed forever . "  As soon as the image came up , I saw her truck , " said Molinar , who was watching the news out of Juarez , "  and I knew what happened right then and there . " Watch Jose Molinar talk about the moment he knew his wife was killed " Marisella Molinar was in the wrong place at the wrong time . Her passenger , Jesus Huerta Yedra , was a target of the cartels that day . As Molinar 's car was about a mile away from the border crossing back to the United States , gunmen walked up to her car and fired 85 rounds from an AK-47 into their intended target . One shot hit Marisella Molinar , a mother of two and proud grandmother , in the chest , killing her instantly . "  She was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! " said Jose Molinar in a recent interview with CNN . "  She was the guy 's secretary and she was giving him a ride to meet his wife here in El Paso who was Christmas shopping . " But instead of making it home to help her husband hang Christmas lights , Marisella Molinar became yet another victim in the drug war taking place just steps from the U.S. border . The violence generated by the war of the drug cartels for control of drug routes translated last year into some 6,000 killings . More than 1,600 of them occurred in Juarez , three times more than the most murderous city in the United States . This year , in two months , the body count in Juarez is 400 . Mexican military and police in riot gear now patrol the once popular streets of Juarez . Gone are the Americans shopping , dining and partying . The bars and restaurants are shuttered -- many closed for good . Americans do n't come here anymore . In March 2008 , the Mexican military joined with Mexican states and local law enforcement in the fight against drug cartels in border cities . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has waged a war against business as usual with the cartels who controlled drug routes through Mexico and into the United States . The fallout has led rival drug gangs to launch all-out war not only with the military , but also with each other , because the once-established drug routes are now up for grabs . The violence has been the worst in Juarez , where cartels have killed police officers , forced the chief of police to resign and threatened public officials . "  They started killing police officers , and not when they were doing police work , but when they were coming out of their homes and getting into their cars to go to the police station , " said Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz , whose own family has recently received death threats . At the city 's only morgue , bodies are piling up . The mayor said there are far too many dead for the small facility to handle . The majority of the dead are unidentified members of the cartels . Just last week , the mayor said , 50 corpses were buried in mass graves because no one claimed the bodies . Officials from both sides of the border said the drug war may go on for years . Beheadings , bodies riddled with gunfire and blood-stained streets will continue daily , they said . They added that the appetite for illegal drugs is too great in the United States , and the drug routes are too lucrative for the battles to end . "  It 's not going to be won quickly , " said Enrique Torres , a spokesman for the Mexican government , adding that the Mexican president is committed to fighting the cartels . "  He ca n't talk about a time frame in this type of situation . We know the monster is big , but we do n't have an idea of how big it is . "	Marisella Molinar , a secretary , was killed nearly a mile from her U.S. home Husband : "  She was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! " More than 1,600 deaths in Juarez last year , 400 already this year Cartels have killed cops , forced police chief to resign , threatened public officials
CNN  -- If you did n't already know , Cinco de Mayo is a bigger deal in the United States than in Mexico . Here , this unofficial holiday is almost as popular as , oh , St. Patrick 's Day -- which means it 's unfortunately become a drinking holiday . So much so that it 's been nicknamed , Cinco de Drinko and even Gringo de Mayo . Eek . Actually today commemorates Mexico 's victory against the French during the Battle of Puebla in 1862 , and according to research by UCLA professor David Hayes-Bautista , it is n't a Mexican holiday at all but rather an American one created by Latinos in California during the Civil War . In a perfect world , folks would use today as an opportunity to learn more about Mexican history and culture , but the sea of margarita and nacho specials might be too distracting for some . So , in the spirit of not completely raining on everyone 's parade , we 've compiled a list of Cinco de Mayo faux pas to avoid so as not to offend others and/or embarrass yourself today . 1 . ` Happy Cinco de Mayo ! ' ... said no Mexican ever Today is not Mexico 's independence day  which is September 16  so you should refrain from treating it as such . You will rarely see a Mexican in the U.S. or in Mexico -- outside of where the battle actually happened -- acknowledge , let alone celebrate , the holiday . So simmer down . 2 . Resist the urge to wear sombreros and fake mustaches because , well , stereotypes While it may seem like all fun and games , these costumes essentially reduce cultural and traditional costumes to a caricature . Take it from the Penn State sorority sisters who learned the hard way after donning ponchos during one of their "  Mexican-themed " parties .  Not to mention the offensive signs they made to accompany their costumes . 3 . Enjoy traditional Mexican libations , but do n't use Cinco de Mayo as an excuse to get brutally inebriated There 's a thin line between enjoying a drink special with friends and running amok after taking 13 shots of tequila . Plus , blacking out drunk is sort of disrespectful given Cinco de Mayo is in remembrance of a battle , meaning lives were lost . In other words , keep it classy , folks . 4 . Avoid using your high school level Spanish with native Spanish speakers today Any attempts to awkwardly "  connect " will likely come off as cheesy and empty . And , please do n't ask anyone to "  speak Spanish " for your amusement because that 's just disrespectful . Plus , not all Latinos speak Spanish so you may be striking another nerve . 5 . Do n't plan a trip to Mexico to celebrate a ` real ' Cinco de Mayo Outside of the state of Puebla in Mexico , the holiday is n't really celebrated at all . Even the celebrations in Puebla are much more tempered and family oriented . If you 're genuinely interested in Mexico , head to San Diego , San Antonio or even Mexico City on September 16 and indulge in an authentic experience in all things Mexican . 10 things you probably do n't know about Mexico City Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo today ? Tell us how in the comments section below .	Cinco de May commemorates Mexico 's victory against the French during the Battle of Puebla Many confuse the celebration with Mexican independence day which is September 16 Drinking and partying is a popular way to mark Cinco de Mayo in the United States The holiday is n't widely celebrated in Mexico ; a scholar claims it was created in California
Ames , Iowa  CNN  -- If government prosecutors are right , a former top researcher at Iowa State University is guilty of brazen scientific fraud-actions which a criminal complaint says have cost taxpayers nearly $ 15 million . Federal prosecutors accuse Korean-born researcher Dr. Dong Pyou-Han of deliberately falsifying key blood research into a possible vaccine for HIV . An indictment brought against Han says he falsely showed that rabbits infected with the virus had shown remarkable improvement . That improvement was so advanced that the government 's National Institutes of Health awarded Iowa State and Han nearly $ 15 million in federal research grants . Prosecutors say the false results actually cleared a first level of back-up testing but fell apart after Han 's boss at Iowa State began to get suspicious . According to the criminal complaint , the false results were secretly given to the NIH as well as a senior scientist at Iowa State after the first publication of the scientific paper . It was then , according to the complaint , that they discovered the rabbit blood was spiked with human antibodies , making it appear the rabbits were developing an immunity to the virus . A spokesman for Iowa State University , John McCaroll , told CNN that the school 's reaction was "  disbelief , surprise , shock , disappointment . " In a letter attached to the complaint , and before he entered a plea of not guilty , Han said he was "  foolish , coward and not frank . " He added , "  My misconduct is not done in order to hurt someone . " The U.S. attorney for the southern district of Iowa , Nicholas Kleinfeldt , told CNN that "  just because somebody has a PhD , just because someone 's involved in the scientific community , does n't mean they 're going to necessarily be treated differently than anyone else who 's committed a criminal offense . " As for the roughly $ 15 million in federal research grants handed out to Han and Iowa State , most of it is gone , spent on salaries and lab gear , the spokesman said . The school did repay about $ 500,000 . According to Retraction Watch , a group that tracks research fraud , scientists who fake research rarely go to prison and hardly ever are forced to pay taxpayers back for misused grants . In all , says a prominent scientist , the NIH has given about $ 58 million in funds to science that turned out to be phony over the past 22 years . Dr. Ferric Fang , a scientist at the University of Washington , added up the numbers but cautioned the real number may be even higher . As for Han , there was no answer at a Cleveland apartment building where he was believed to be staying until the trial . CNN did reach him on his cell phone , and when asked what happened , time and again he said only two words : "  I 'm sorry . " If he 's found guilty on all the four federal charges against him , prosecutors say he faces up to 20 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine .	Federal prosecutors accuse a researcher of falsifying HIV research The NIH awarded Iowa State and the researcher nearly $ 15 million Watchdog says Iowa State repaid the government about $ 500,000 If found guilty , the researcher faces up to 20 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine
CNN  -- The man is nothing if not mercurial . John McAfee , the American tech mogul fighting deportation to Belize , where authorities want to question him about the killing of a neighbor , said late Sunday that he wants to return to the United States . He spoke to reporters via a Ustream video from an immigration detention center in Guatemala City . McAfee emerged in that capital to ask for asylum last week , after weeks of living in hiding . His bid was rejected , but a Guatemalan judge granted a stay of deportation . "  Our intent is to return to America , if at all possible , and settle down to whatever normal life we can settle down to under the circumstances , " said McAfee . "  There is no hope for my life if I am ever returned to Belize . " Authorities in Belize want to talk to the 67-year-old Internet security founder about the November 11 killing of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . McAfee said he had nothing to do with the death and insists he left Belize to escape police persecution . He was taken into custody in Guatemala on accusations of entering the country illegally . "  Let me be clear : I had absolutely nothing to do with the murder , " McAfee said . He told reporters he "  barely knew the man , " and that they had exchanged maybe 50 words over five years . "  I believed then , and I believe even stronger now that the intent to question me has nothing to do with Mr. Faull 's murder , " said McAfee . He also explained why he was taken to a police hospital last week , the same day his asylum bid was rejected . "  At 67 years old , well , your health is not the best no matter what . However , it is improving . The problem I had the other day is I did not eat for two days , I drank very little liquids and for the first time in many years , I 've been smoking almost nonstop . I stood up , passed out , hit my head on the wall , came to in total confusion , " he said . "  I am fine now . " His legal team initially said he was treated for cardiovascular problems , though his attorney later said McAfee suffered a nervous breakdown and that tests had shown he did not have heart issues . Sunday 's developments are just the latest in a story that reads like a bestselling mystery , complete with murder , poisoned dogs and international intrigue . McAfee founded his computer security software company , McAfee Associates , in 1987 , initially running it from his home in California . Seven years later , he sold his stake in the company . He moved to Belize in 2008 . On November 9 , he told police someone poisoned four of his dogs . To put them out of their misery , he shot each in the head and buried them on his property , a former girlfriend said . The dogs ' barking and aggressive behavior had been a source of friction between the neighbors . Two days after the dogs were poisoned , Faull 's body was found , fatally shot in the head . "  He 's really gone out of his way to make the country look bad , " Belize police spokesman Raphael Martinez has said about McAfee . "  We just believe he should , if he 's innocent as he 's saying he is , he should bring in his lawyer , and let 's get to the bottom of this and say what he needs to say and let 's move on . " CNN 's Faith Karimi and journalist Miguel Salay contributed to this report .	John McAfee spoke from an immigration detention center in Guatemala City His bid for asylum was rejected , but a stay of deportation was granted The 67-year-old Internet security founder explains why he was taken to a hospital last week "  There is no hope for my life if I am ever returned to Belize , " he says
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Residents of the city in central Myanmar where clashes between Buddhists and the Muslim minority killed dozens of people last week struggled to resume their daily lives on Monday with a state of emergency still in place . Even as an uneasy calm prevailed in Meiktila , the city at the heart of the unrest , police reported fresh arson attacks on Muslim properties in other areas , showing the challenges Myanmar authorities face in reining in communal tensions in this nascent democracy . A group of Buddhists on Saturday night torched 65 houses and religious buildings in Yemethin Township , which is about 40 kilometers south of Meiktila and not under a state of emergency , according to Lt. Col. Aung Min , a spokesman for the Myanmar Police Force . And on Sunday night , smaller outbreaks of arson took place in other towns further south , including Okpo and Tatkon , he said . The attacks over the weekend caused property damage , but did n't result in any deaths , Aung Min said . That contrasts with the violence in Meiktila last week , which killed at least 32 people , according to the New Light of Myanmar , a state-run newspaper . In the Meiktila clashes , which were reportedly set off by a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses schools and mosques , prompting thousands of residents to flee their homes . State of emergency As the violence threatened to spiral out of control , authorities declared a state of emergency on Friday , which allows the military to help reinstate order . Police confiscated weapons such as swords and machetes from groups of Buddhists -- some of them monks -- who were roaming the streets , officials said . As authorities began to clear up after the mayhem , they found more than 20 bodies so badly burned they could n't be identified , the New Light of Myanmar reported . The newspaper said Sunday the unrest had left 8,707 people living in temporary shelters such as a soccer stadium and a monastery in Meiktila , a lakeside city about 130 kilometers north of the administrative capital , Naypyidaw . But Win Htein , an opposition member of parliament for the area , on Monday gave a higher estimate for the number of people displaced by the unrest , saying 10,000 Muslims and 7,000 Buddhists had been driven from their homes . "  We are facing the problem of not having enough food and blankets , " he said . At the same time , he said , the overall situation in the city had improved , with shops starting to reopen . Win Htein had said last week that he believed that most of those killed in the violence were Muslims . Police have detained a total of 36 people in relation to the recent clashes in Meiktila and other towns , Aung Min said Monday . Concerns after previous unrest The United Nations and the United States have both expressed concern about the recent violence in Myanmar , which is emerging from decades of military repression and has taken a number of significant steps toward democracy in recent years under President Thein Sein . The sudden boiling over of tensions between Buddhists and Muslims in central Myanmar follows sectarian troubles that killed scores of people in the west of the country last year . Those clashes , in Rakhine State , took place between the Buddhist majority and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group . Most of the victims in that unrest were Rohingya . Tens of thousands more were left living in makeshift camps , and many of them have since joined those who attempt each year to flee to Thailand and Malaysia in flimsy boats . READ MORE : Armed Buddhists , including monks , clash with Muslims in Myanmar Journalist Phyo Wai Lin reported from Yangon , CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , Thailand , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Authorities have imposed a state of emergency in Meiktila Communal violence there has left 32 dead and thousands displaced Arson attacks on Muslim properties took place in other towns over the weekend Last year , ethnic unrest in western Myanmar killed scores of people
CNN  -- David Letterman will remain on late-night TV at least through 2015 , CBS announced Friday . Letterman characteristically cracked wise about his new deal with CBS President and CEO Les Moonves . "  Les and I had a lengthy discussion , and we both agreed that I needed a little more time to fully run the show into the ground , " Letterman said in a CBS news release . Letterman debuted his late-night show on NBC on February 1 , 1982 , making comical top 10 lists and "  stupid pet tricks " part of pop culture . He moved to CBS and "  The Late Show with David Letterman " on Aug 30 , 1993 . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Talk show host has been on late-night TV since 1982 He moved from NBC to CBS in 1993 Letterman : "  I needed a little more time to fully run the show into the ground "
CNN  "  Success Kid " is likely the Internet 's most famous baby . You 've seen him in dozens of memes , fist clenched in a determined look of persevering despite the odds . Success Kid -- now an 8-year-old named Sammy Griner -- needs a little bit of that mojo to rub off on his family . His dad , Justin , needs a kidney transplant . About a week ago , Laney Griner , Justin 's wife and Sammy 's mother , created a GoFundMe campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant . The campaign is already a success . By Wednesday it had topped its goal . Griner told The Daily Dot that her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later . "  One can only survive with no natural kidney function ... for so long , " Laney Griner said . "  His energy and mood are affected ; he can no longer work , and he spends 12 hours a week in dialysis clinic . "  Having been on dialysis for this long greatly increases his risks of developing further complications . The only way to save his life is to get a transplant . There 's no other way around that , " she said . The family does n't know when a kidney might become available . Their GoFundMe page has a link for potential donors . Sammy 's Internet fame began in 2007 when his mom posted a picture of him on a beach with a fist full of sand and a satisfied look on his face . Myspace picked it up , so did Reddit . The rest is Internet history . Success just seems to run in some families .	The GoFundMe campaign has already topped its $ 75,000 goal Justin Griner , the dad of "  Success Kid , " needs a kidney transplant
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Clashes between Palestinian protesters and Israeli police in east Jerusalem stretched into Sunday evening after a visit by a Jewish group to one of the city 's holiest sites . Israeli border police charge towards Palestinian protesters during clashes in Jerusalem 's Old City . Street battles began in the Old City on Sunday morning , when Palestinians praying at the site -- known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif , or "  Noble Sanctuary , " and to Jews as Temple Mount -- began to throw rocks at the visiting Jews , said Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Police responded with stun grenades and arrested eight demonstrators , he said . Rosenfeld also said two Palestinians and two police officers were wounded in the melee , but Sheikh Ikrima Sabri , a former grand mufti of Jerusalem , said nine Palestinians were hurt . Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat called the visit a deliberate provocation by hardliners opposed to a settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and criticized the police response to the protests . Erakat compared the visit to the 2000 trip by Ariel Sharon -- before he was elected prime minister -- to the al-Aqsa mosque that Palestinians blame for touching off three years of violence . "  We 've seen this before , and we know what the consequences are , " Erakat said in a statement issued Sunday evening . He said the visit was "  deliberately timed " on the eve of the anniversary of Sharon 's September 28 , 2000 visit . There was no immediate response from the Israeli government to Erakat 's statement . The demonstration was broken up about 1:30 p.m. , but Palestinians continued battling police with rocks and Molotov cocktails for several hours in other parts of east Jerusalem . Erakat said Israel was "  deliberately escalating tensions " in Jerusalem at the same time that U.S. President Barack Obama is trying to coax the two sides into restarting talks aimed a permanent settlement of the decades-old conflict . "  Providing a police escort for settlers who are against peace at all costs , and whose presence is deliberately designed to provoke a reaction , are not the actions of someone who is committed to peace , but of someone who will go to extraordinary lengths to scuttle all hopes of peace , " Erakat said . CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report	Street battles began in Jerusalem 's Old City on Sunday morning Police : Clashes begin when Palestinians praying there start to throw rocks at visitors Police says 2 Palestinians , police officer hurt ; former mufti says 9 Palestinians hurt Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat calls the visit a deliberate provocation
CNN  -- Like many big cities in America , Atlanta is surrounded by a circular highway that connects with various freeway arteries that go through the downtown area . Weekday mornings and early evenings , no matter which highway you 're on , or what direction you 're going , you 'll likely end up stuck in some hot traffic hell . Dana Jones , 26 , used to drive from the south end of the city by the airport to a northern suburb at peak commuting times , right through the daily mess . "  There were so many people out , " Jones says . "  You get road rage because nobody will let you in ; nobody will merge right . It 's just aggravating . " Despite the perils of a long commute , most people in the United States drive to work , according to the American Community Survey  PDF  . In fact , more than 75 % of Americans make the trek to work alone . The stress of waiting in gridlock can get intense if you 're in a hurry , leaving you feeling frustrated and anxious about the traffic . That stress can translate into deeper health hazards . Try to distract yourself with your smartphone , and you can put yourself and other drivers in even more danger . Longer commutes may steal health and fitness Road rage : An 'em otional spin cycle ' LeeAnne Minnick was sitting in gridlocked traffic , waiting to get on an on-ramp , in a line of cars that had pulled over to let an ambulance pass . Suddenly , another driver darted out behind Minnick to tail the ambulance , taking advantage of the cars that had been moved , to enter the freeway . "  That incensed me , " says Minnick , who makes a lengthy commute from Athens , Georgia , to Atlanta -- about a 70-mile trip -- three days a week . "  I immediately flew into a rage over it . " That happened a couple months ago , and Minnick still sounds irritated when she describes it . She does n't act aggressively toward other drivers , but she does get bothered by disrespectful behavior on the road . It 's easy to get lost in a cycle of emotions where you 're talking to yourself and ruminating about traffic situations , says Leon James , professor of psychology at the University of Hawaii and co-author of "  Road Rage and Aggressive Driving . " "  Impatience , if you do n't handle it at the beginning , tends to turn into resentment and anger , " James says . The back seat of the car is what James calls the "  road rage nursery . " It 's where kids hear their parents cursing out other drivers and expressing their disbelief about everyone else 's poor skills on the road . Children learn the culture of aggressive driving in this way , he says . "  We use it as an opportunity to disrespect everything and say bad words that we would be shocked to say in any other place . " Another problem is that after a bad commute , people tend not to let it go , James says . They walk into the office and complain about their experiences , which leads to entire conversations about bad traffic and bad drivers . This venting may feel good in the moment , but it reinforces the emotions for the next driving trip , he says . James ' solution : Monitor your traffic emotions . You might try keeping a diary of how you feel every day after your commute , or just keep a mental note about your state of mind . What are your negative thoughts while on the road ? Are they justified ? Confronting your internal dialogue about commuting frustrations may help . You may realize that your negative thoughts may not be proportional to the offenses you perceive from other drivers . James recommends asking yourself : "  Am I the kind of person who thinks these things about people ? " and "  Is this the kind of person I want to be ? " Suicides outpace car crashes as leading cause of death from injuries Stress : When driving kills slowly Traffic situations may trigger in us primal instincts that evolved in humans to promote survival , so that we can protect ourselves against threats , experts say . The "  aggressive , combative , competitive frame for driving " may be linked to our evolutionary past , but it could have implications for cardiovascular disease , says David Strayer , a psychology professor at the University of Utah . In one experiment , Strayer and colleagues ran a simulation where people drove under the assumption that they were late to a meeting , and there was a financial incentive to get there before other people . One group drove in high-density traffic , another had an easier traffic environment . Some people were told there was a time limit . Men more then women got into aggressive driving mode , showing an elevated blood pressure when under pressure to weave their way through heavy traffic . In general , both men and women who adopt an aggressive driving persona seem to show this , Strayer says . "  In the simulator studies we 've done , they 'll actually start driving by cars and flipping them off and honking at them , " Strayer says . "  That 's just a computer , a computer rendition ! " Long-term stress increases the risk of cardiovascular disease , he says . Research on the precise level of cardiovascular risk is limited , but recent data does n't paint a flattering picture for the vehicular commuter . A 2012 study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine found that the farther people commute by vehicle , the higher their blood pressure and body mass index is likely to be . Also , the farther the commute , the less physical activity the person was likely to get . Experts recommend making the extra effort to avoid peak driving hours . You may even end up getting home at the same time as if you had left earlier . "  Maybe it is better off to say , ` I 'm going to put the radio on a station that 's nice , and kind of chill out for the 30 or 40 minutes , rather than aggressively try to get home and beat everyone else , ' " Strayer says . Distractions : When driving kills quickly People get bored while driving for a long time . They want something else going on while they 're just looking at cars crawling around them . But some forms of entertainment are far more dangerous than others . Strayer and colleagues used a driving simulator to look at just how distracting technology can be in the car . A 2008 study from his group , published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology : Applied , found that people made more errors driving while talking on a cell phone than while chatting with another passenger . The impact of those errors is more than you might imagine . The researchers showed in a 2006 study  PDF  that talking on a cell phone , in terms of how it impairs driving , is comparable to a blood alcohol level of .08 , which is the legal limit in the United States . About one in three fatalities on the road can be linked to some kind of distraction ; some estimates put this figure even higher , Strayer says . Distractions in your car can slow everyone else down , too , Strayer says . Computer modeling shows that if one car is not keeping up with the flow of traffic , the number of vehicles per lane , per hour , declines as more drivers are distracted . That can add precious minutes onto the commute you 're complaining is too long anyway . We all know that texting while driving is risky . But even hands-free , voice-activated interaction with phones can be distracting , Strayer says . Some conversations are not mundane -- you may find yourself in a heated argument or in the middle of a breakup talk  not to mention a breakup text  . What are the precise demands on your brain with voice-activated systems and what are the consequences of that ? Bryan Reimer , research scientist at the MIT AgeLab and associate director of the New England University Transportation Center , is looking into this question . Reimer is working with Toyota 's Collaborative Safety Research Center to study the visual and nonvisual demands of your attention while driving . Results should be out sometime next year . "  If you feel anxiety and your phone goes off , that 's a problem , " Strayer says . With all of the notifications barraging our smartphones from e-mail , text , social media and calendars , "  It 's a little unclear what long-term consequences of that are . " Changing your commute ? After several years , the daily drive to and from work in high-traffic areas can really get under some people 's skin . "  It was something that was taking an enormous toll on my overall happiness , on my ability to deal with stress , on the amount of free time that I had , " says Micah Puett , who used to live in Atlanta and worked for Turner Broadcasting in the 1990s . It was n't until Puett moved to Denver and found himself in a similarly perilous commuting situation that he realized how much the driving was affecting him . He made a bold choice : centralizing where he lives and works . Puett now lives in a more urban neighborhood of Denver , where he can walk and bike around . In the warmer months , he 'll ride a motor scooter , and two weeks might pass without him using a car . Since he is a contractor , Puett can be selective about which companies he works for based on travel time .  He 'll accept longer commutes if they 're short-term commitments . "  Having lived the way I live now , you could n't pay me enough for me to live out in the suburbs , or live anywhere , and commit to a 45-minute or hourlong commute every day , " he says . "  There 's no amount of money that I would accept to do that . " But there are plenty of people who do n't -- or ca n't -- draw that line . Ramona Patrick is the principal of an elementary school and drives 55 miles through Los Angeles to get to work Monday through Friday . She 'll leave later in the evening to avoid traffic , but "  your life is either on the road or at work . " And Minnick says she loves her job enough to make the trek from Athens three times a week . Podcasts and audio books help her get through . "  I would never say that this is fun , " she says of her commute . "  I feel like I 've done a good job of making it more enjoyable . I 'm really good at knowing what 's going to make me happy for two hours . "	Despite the perils of a long commute , most people in the United States drive to work Impatience -- if not handled early on -- can turn into resentment and anger , experts say Long commutes linked to high blood pressure and higher body mass index , study finds
CNN  -- At least four Libyan soldiers were killed and three others wounded in violence in Benghazi on Thursday , medical and news agency sources said . The city 's al-Jalaa Hospital said it received the bodies of three soldiers killed in fighting that broke out in the eastern Sidi Khalifa district . Residents reported fighting between the army and an unidentified armed group Thursday afternoon near the eastern entrance to Benghazi . Earlier Thursday , a Libyan soldier was shot dead by unknown assailants outside his home in the city 's al-Sabri neighborhood , the LANA state news agency reported . On Wednesday , al-Jalaa Hospital said it received the bodies of three security force members who were shot dead in the city . The latest violence comes after fierce fighting in Benghazi on Monday between army special forces and members of the militant Islamist group Ansar al Sharia . At least nine people were killed and dozens injured in the fighting . The United States says it believes Ansar al Sharia was responsible for the attack on its diplomatic mission in Benghazi last year that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Attacks on security force members have spiked in the eastern city in recent weeks , especially as more troops were deployed in Benghazi in an effort to secure the city . On Wednesday , the government said security cameras had arrived in the city and were being installed as part of the security plan . Over the past year , Benghazi has had some of the worst violence in Libya with a series of bombings and a campaign of assassinations that have mainly targeted security force members . Many Libyans and human rights groups blame authorities for failing to hold anyone accountable for the violence . While no one claims responsibility for these attacks , residents and security officials in the city blame Islamist militias . More than two years after the fall of the Gadhafi regime , the government is struggling to control the hundreds of militias across the country and Islamist extremist groups , some with ties to al-Qaeda , mostly in the eastern part of Libya .	Hospital says it received bodies of 3 soldiers killed in fighting in the eastern part of the city Residents report fighting between the army and an unidentified armed group Earlier , a Libyan soldier was shot dead by unknown assailants outside his home
CareerBuilder.com  -- Co-workers are always a great topic of conversation . You never run out of things to say when it comes to talking about the different types of people you work with , what you love , what you hate and how you deal with it all . We thought we 'd do a little research into some of the best co-workers out there . Not just the different personality types , but real people , who do real good things . What we found found is that many workers out there are generous , kind people who put their colleagues ' lives before their own without hesitation . Here are 5 of the most heroic co-workers people encountered this year . The heroes 1 . Co-worker helps to save a fellow employee 's life Claude Marlowe , a diabetic , went to work one morning like any other day . When he went to shake a colleague 's hand , he had a heart attack and dropped dead -- literally . That 's when Debi Coffman and another co-worker , Larry Garrett , realized that this was n't a diabetic episode ; Marlowe had no pulse . The two performed CPR and chest compressions and revived Marlowe three times before emergency crews arrived . He suffered five heart attacks and was brain dead for at least two hours . He would not be alive had his co-workers not known what to do .  Nascar.com 2 . Chandler worker helps colleague get new artificial leg For 30 years , Gregory Lewis , a retail maintenance worker , walked with the same prosthetic device on his left leg . As the years wore on , so did his artificial leg . One day , he lifted his foot off the ground to get into his car , and the artificial leg fell off . Lewis had no health insurance and did n't have money for a new prosthesis , which cost more than $ 10,000 . Daniel Anderson , a code enforcement officer who moonlights as a Dillard 's security guard , knew about his co-worker 's struggle , and was determined to help . Thanks to friends and family , Anderson raised $ 1,000 and earned the rest of the money with the help of Dillard 's and a local prosthetic company to buy Lewis a new leg .  The Arizona Republic 3 . Houston transit worker helps fallen woman on Metro tracks When Eliot Swainson , a Houston Transit Authority employee , was volunteering for the Metro in Washington , D.C. , he did n't expect to come home a hero . But that 's just what Swainson became when he directed a woman who had fallen on the tracks to safety . Swainson was giving directions to other passengers when Metro patrons began yelling that someone had fallen on the tracks . He and another person unsuccessfully tried to remove the woman from the tracks . Swainson was left with one option : direct the woman to safety while the train passed overhead . He told the woman to stay as close to the edge of the track as possible , under the overhang next to the tracks to avoid getting hit . After the train passed , they cut power to the tracks and got the woman to safety .  dcist.com / 4 . Hair stylist saves coworker Carol Morgan , a 68-year-old hair stylist , helped resuscitate co-worker who suffered sudden cardiac arrest . Sue Flood , 64 , had just finished eating lunch and was washing her dishes in the sink when she collapsed . As another colleague screamed for help , Morgan ran to Flood , who had no pulse . She immediately began chest compressions and CPR . When emergency crews arrived , Flood had just started to breathe and have some movement . Morgan says that she has known CPR for 15 to 20 years but never had to use it until that day .  Pryor Daily Times 5 . Hero died saving co-worker Earl Ramersad was a supervisor at Delta Glass , a Canadian company , for more than 10 years . He died a hero when he pushed a co-worker out of harm 's way by absorbing the full impact of glass panes that fell while workers were off-loading it from a container . Colleagues said Ramersad went to help his crew when the accident happened and ended up saving someone 's life instead .  Trinidad & Tobago Express & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Just about everyone can complain about at least one coworker But Debi Coffman and Larry Garrett gave coworker CPR and saved his life A security guard helps raise money to pay for prosthetic leg for coworker Earl Ramersad died after he pushed coworker out of way of glass panes
CNN  -- A potentially deadly new strain of the swine flu virus cropped up in more places in the United States and Mexico on Saturday , in what the World Health Organization called "  a public health emergency of international concern . " Women wearing masks wait at a health clinic Saturday in Mexico City . The most recent reports Saturday afternoon were of two confirmed cases of the virus in Kansas -- bringing the number of confirmed U.S. cases to 11 . Those joined nine confirmed cases in Texas and California and an apparent outbreak at a private school in New York City , where officials say eight children likely have the virus . By Saturday night , health officials in Mexico said 81 deaths there were "  likely linked " to the swine flu . Dr. Jose A. Cordova Villalobos , Mexico 's Secretary of Health , said viral testing has confirmed 20 cases of swine flu across the country . President Felipe Calderon on Saturday issued an executive decree detailing emergency powers of the Ministry of Health , according to the president 's office . The order gives the ministry with the authority to isolate sick patients , inspect travelers ' luggage and their vehicles and conduct house inspections , the statement said . The government also has the authority to prevent public gatherings , shut down public venues and regulate air , sea and overland travel . The WHO 's Gregory Hartl said the strain of the virus seen in Mexico is worrisome because it has mutated from older strains . "  Any time that there is a virus which changes ... it means perhaps the immunities the human body has built up to dealing with influenza might not be adjusted well enough to dealing with this new virus , " Hartl told CNN . In Mexico , otherwise young and healthy people have been hit by the virus -- "  one of the pieces of the puzzle that is worrying us , " he said . Mexico City has closed all of its schools and universities because of the virus , and the country 's National Health Council said all Saturday 's soccer games would be played without public audiences . Watch an alarmed Mexico City react with face masks , cancellations " WHO has sent experts to Mexico at the request of the country 's government , Chan said . All of the U.S. patients have recovered or are expected to . Two of the border cases were in Texas , near San Antonio , and seven of the cases were in southern California , the CDC said . Watch for more on the U.S. cases " More than 1,300 people with flu-like symptoms have been admitted to hospitals in Mexico , and officials are trying to determine how many of those patients have swine flu , the country 's health minister , Cordova said . U.S. health officials said Friday that some cases of the virus matched samples of the deadly Mexican virus . On Saturday , New York 's Bureau of Communicable Diseases said preliminary tests from a Queens school suggest that eight out of the nine children tested probably have the swine flu virus . Dr. Don Weiss said up to 200 students at the school reported feeling ill . He said the samples will be sent to the CDC in Atlanta , Georgia , to determine the subtype of the strain . The results could be known as early as Sunday . "  What 's concerning about this is , first , that it 's likely swine flu ; second is that at this time it is spreading from person to person , " said New York City health Commissioner Thomas Frieden . Watch news conference with NYC health department spokesman " When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it a tougher strain that is harder to treat or fight off . Watch author John Barry discuss potential for a pandemic " The infected people in Kansas are a man who had recently traveled to Mexico and his wife , officials said . Neither of them was hospitalized , said Dr. Jason Eberhart-Phillips , director of the Kansas Department of Health and Environment . The United States had not issued any travel warnings or quarantines by Saturday evening . The Canadian Public Health Agency had issued a travel health notice , saying , "  The Public Health Agency of Canada is tracking clusters of severe respiratory illness with deaths in Mexico . " Watch CBC report on Canadian microbiologists ' concerns " Symptoms of swine flu include fever , lethargy , lack of appetite , coughing , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea , the CDC said . Besser advised people with flu-like symptoms to stay home from work or school and to see a doctor . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Ann Curley , Caleb Hellerman , Elaine Quijano and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : 81 deaths in Mexico "  likely linked " to swine flu NEW : Mexican Health Ministry given emergency powers Two cases confirmed in Kansas ; more suspected in New York Mutated form concerns World Health Organization
CNN  -- An Iranian court may render the final verdict Thursday in the case of Sakineh Mohammedie Ashtiani , sentenced to death by stoning in Iran for allegedly committing adultery . That case was placed under review after her attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , helped launch a worldwide campaign to clear her . Now , as Ashtiani 's two children wait to hear word of their mother 's fate , Mostafaei 's family must also await word of his . That 's because Mostafaei , a prominent human rights lawyer , was being held Wednesday at a detention center in Istanbul , Turkey , where he has requested asylum , said Metin Corabatir , a representative in Turkey for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . He allegedly entered the country with improper documentation , the agency said . Turkey does not require visas for citizens from neighboring Iran to enter the country . As a result , it is the first place hundreds of Iranians fled to after the Iranian government cracked down on opposition activists and critics over the past year . Human rights groups are urging officials to grant his asylum request because they say he could be in grave danger if he is forced to return to Iran . There is no word yet on whether any nation is willing to accept him . Mostafaei went into hiding July 24 , after facing a lengthy interrogation at Iran 's notorious Evin prison , the same day rallies were being held worldwide to draw attention to the Ashtiani case . His wife and brother-in-law were reportedly arrested that night at his office in Tehran as they tried to gather his belongings . The Iranian government has since released Mostafaei 's brother-in-law , but human rights groups said they are holding his wife as collateral until Mostafaei returns . In a now widely circulated open letter reportedly penned by Mostafaei and posted on the internet , the lawyer accused Iranian authorities of holding his wife "  hostage . " He also explained why he made the painful choice of leaving his wife behind . "  Despite the arrest of the person I love most in my life , I decided not to ever set foot in a judicial office where the interrogators do not abide by any basic laws , " he wrote . "  Hostage taking is never legal " Mostafaei said . "  I decided not to appear unless the interrogator 's office tries hard enough to come and arrest me in my silo that I have built for myself . " Mostafaei was asked by CNN in early July if he was worried about his safety after bringing so much attention to Ashtiani , who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and condemned to die by the brutal method of stoning . Mostafaei told CNN that he knew the risks -- he had been detained briefly after Iran 's post-election turmoil in June 2009 -- but that would not stop him fighting for human rights . But it was that very fight that forced him to flee the country he calls home . As part of that open letter , Mostafaei cried out to the Iranian government -- and to God -- for the strange twist in his fate . "  For the past few years all my thoughts have been towards saving people who did not deserve to die . " he wrote . "  I was so occupied with saving these people that I hardly got to see my dear wife and daughter . ... And for someone who has always worked towards justice and the interests of the Islamic Republic , is this the way I am paid back for my God-loving and human-loving actions ? " "  I leave you and your interrogator at the mercy of God , the creator , " he continued . "  I hope that you wo n't let my child cry for her mother , not eating food and wanting her mother back . She needs to hug her mother . If through this separation from her mother she gets hurt , it 's a sin that you have committed . " The Iranian government has not commented on the detention of Mostafaei 's wife . Meanwhile , human rights activists are urging the international community not to forget Ashtiani , who may soon die . Nor the man who tried to set her free . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Prominent human rights lawyer Mohammad Mostafaei is being held in Turkey He helped bring attention to the case of the Iranian woman who was to be stoned In an open letter , he appeals for the well-being of his family
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Former football star O.J. Simpson walked out of jail late Wednesday after posting $ 250,000 bail . O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night . Eighth District Judge Jackie Glass hours earlier doubled Simpson 's bail to ensure his appearance at an April 7 trial . Glass said Simpson had violated terms of his previous bail . Glass was adamant that Simpson remain in the Clark County Detention Center until 15 percent of the $ 250,000 is paid in full -- $ 37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that Simpson never paid any part of his previous $ 125,000 bail . "  There 's no ` get-out-of-jail-free card ' today , " an angry Glass told Simpson 's lawyers . "  I do n't want him out of the jail until the 15 percent is paid in full . " Watch the scolding judge " The judge scolded Simpson , saying he was n't taking the matter seriously . "  I do n't know if it 's just arrogance . I do n't know if it 's ignorance , " she chided . Simpson posted bail at about 6:15 p.m. local time  9:15 p.m. ET  , according to Las Vegas authorities . Simpson returned to jail in Nevada from his home in Florida January 11 for Wednesday 's hearing , after prosecutors alleged he violated the terms of his bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant . The original bail bondsman -- Miguel Pereira of Florida-based You Ring , We Spring -- testified Wednesday that the former football player did n't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in September . "  Not one cent , " he said . The bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $ 40 filing fee to allow Simpson to leave the detention center , although he said he had a power of attorney for Simpson 's Florida home but never filed a lien on it . When questioned by Simpson attorney Yale Galanter , Pereira admitted he had never sent Simpson a bill for the premium . But , he said , he had an understanding with Simpson that he would be paid "  after it was all over . " Glass described it as "  mind-boggling " that Simpson never had to put up any collateral for his first bond and that the bail bondsman never asked for anything . Prosecutors also produced Wednesday a recording of a profanity-laced voice mail message left on Pereira 's answering machine in November from Simpson , which he told Pereira to deliver to co-defendant Clarence Stewart . The prosecutor said the message contained "  an undercurrent of a threat , " and he wanted the bail to be raised to at least $ 1 million . Galanter did not contest the authenticity of the recording . As part of his bail granted September 19 , Simpson was to have no contact whatsoever with victims , witnesses or co-defendants in the case . Glass said the same goes this time . Watch how Simpson wound up in jail " "  When I tell you , Mr. Simpson , there are conditions and there are rules , let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you 'll be back , locked up in the Clark County Detention Center ; do you understand me ? " the judge asked . "  I understand 100 percent , " said Simpson , dressed in a navy blue jail jumpsuit . "  No contact -LSB- with others in case -RSB- , no phone messages to third parties , no emails , no letters -- nothing , " Glass added . Galanter said his client "  was truly contrite about what has occurred . " "  He will abide scrupulously by whatever this court decides , " the attorney said . Simpson faces trial April 7 on 12 criminal counts , including conspiracy , kidnapping , robbery , burglary , coercion and assault with a deadly weapon . The charges stem from a September 13 incident at a Las Vegas hotel in which he allegedly stole sports memorabilia he said belonged to him from dealers Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong . According to earlier testimony , Beardsley and Fromong were offering more than 600 Simpson-related items for sale , including ties Simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ron Goldman . Simpson was acquitted in that trial . E-mail to a friend	Judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 , accuses of "  arrogance " or "  ignorance " Jailed since Friday , Simpson was required to put down $ 37,500 in cash to get out Bail bondsman tells judge O.J. Simpson never paid him DA says Simpson violated bail terms by leaving message for co-defendant
REAL SIMPLE  -- If you were to ask my friends back in high school , they would probably say I was one of the lucky ones . I had a face most people at least considered attractive , maybe even beautiful . And for much of my life I had an hourglass figure . Asha Bandele wrote "  Something Like Beautiful : One Single Mother 's Story , " ` The Prisoner 's Wife " and "  Daughter . " But as 40 approached and my figure , um , filled out , I would look in the mirror and no longer see myself as sexy . Then one night that changed . I was at a meeting in a small town with a group of young women who were reading from my most recent book , a memoir that discussed my history of depression and surviving abuse . After the gathering ended , one of the women approached me . She told me that while she was growing up , she had been told to shut up so often she just did it automatically . It felt good to hear someone give voice to how she felt inside , she said . We talked about all the things that kept us silent and shut down . She promised to speak out more from that day on . As she walked away , something came over me : I felt ignited , energized ... yes , beautiful . Real Simple : 34 low-cost , make-you-smile ideas And the more I thought about that woman and our conversation , the more I realized that it was n't just those instances of bonding or appreciation at public readings that triggered my inner glow ; it was my own solitary engagement with language . What makes you feel beautiful ? Writing requires us to take the world on more slowly , to notice its harshness as well as its richness . Writing reduces the chaos in my mind . As the gospel song says , it orders my steps and makes me feel in control of myself and therefore appreciative of the world . Real Simple : Keep your mind and body in top condition Women do n't get enough credit for the amount of self we invest in our work . In the last year , watching some of the most talented women I know being laid off has been tough . Knowing that the work they loved -- whether in finance , real estate , or writing -- may be gone forever has been downright devastating , and their grief over this loss is boundless . "  I feel like nothing , like I just want to disappear , " said one brilliant friend . "  Losing my job is like the worst breakup I 've ever been through , " said another . In the midst of this carnage , I 've clung ever tighter to my work -- not so much to the money-making part of it , which ebbs and flows  mostly ebbs , lately  , but to the basic joy I 've always taken in words ; that at least does n't go anywhere . Real Simple : How to worry less For so long I had measured my beauty  and , really , my worth  by my dress size . And , hey , I would love , I mean love , to be a size 6 again . Still , every time I give a lecture or teach a workshop and touch someone -- or write a page and reach a deeper part of myself -- I feel so useful and relevant . It translates to a more profound feeling of beauty than the rush I once got from someone admiring my breast size . I like superficial praise as much as the next person , but at 40 the love finally had to go deeper , did n't it ? Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Author notes how many women are emotionally devastated by job loss Asha Bandele used to measure beauty , self worth by her dress size Now she 's realized her own solitary writing makes her feel beautiful And says touching others through her words is a more profound beauty
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- The last time I 'd seen Tacloban , it was a mangled wreck . Much of the city had been smashed . What was left was a landscape of rubble , rain and mud , stripped and torn-down trees , smashed vehicles and isolated concrete shells that had been homes . Worst of all was the smell of death and decay as bodies were dragged from the ruins and left at the side of the road to be collected . The living were in a state of shocked bewilderment . It was a little more than a week after Typhoon Haiyan had pummeled this Philippines city . As I climbed onto a U.S. military flight to Manila I could see thousands of people trying desperately to get out on one of the handful of aid flights -- a stark testimony to the devastation they were leaving behind . Half a year on Coming back , almost seven months later , I was prepared for the worst and half expecting to see a city still in shock , lacking the basics of food , water and housing . But Tacloban surprised me . The scars of Haiyan are still vivid but the city is recovering . The main commercial district is very much open for business , the roads are cleared and busy and the power companies are restoring supply . The Coke and Pepsi plants are both back up and running and hotels are open doing a brisk trade , especially with workers from the many NGOs involved in the recovery effort . But the evidence of one of the most intense storms in recorded history is everywhere -- in shattered steel structures that were once factories , as well as the many wrecked houses left by their owners to rot in the searing tropical heat . And always most haunting are the graveyards . From tiny unmarked mounds indicating the burial of a child , to bigger plots filled with extended families . On one wooden board , I counted 22 names from the same family . Moving forward But even amid these scenes of such desperate sadness , there is an acceptance of what has happened and a willingness to move forward . We arrived at sundown at a mass grave in the grounds of San Joaquin church in Palo , which is just outside Tacloban . An empty piece of ground just meters from the graves had been taken over by children playing , the sound of laughter ringing across the night . It is the resilience of the people here that stands out . Tacloban was a moderately wealthy , mid-sized city before the storm -- though that does n't mean they 're insulated from nature . On average 20 powerful storms hit the region ever year . Loss and destruction are part of the fabric of this region . But talk to the local people here now and it becomes clear that the rebuilding of Tacloban has reached a critical stage . The initial response to Haiyan as the international aid effort ramped up was a success -- no outbreak of disease , no widespread breakdown in law and order and enough supplies of emergency food and clean water . However , the rebuilding stage needs to be faster . After six months , less than 150 permanent new houses had been built . The master-plan calls for 200,000 . While bureaucracy has been a major factor in the delays , the most important has been finding suitable land that fits in with the government 's "  Building Back Better " plan . New accommodation must be able to withstand Haiyan-like wind speeds , and be built on ground not vulnerable to storm surges and landslides . I asked Toto Andrada what he thought . I 'd met Toto at the hotel the CNN team had taken refuge in during Haiyan . Producer Tim Schwarz , "  storm-chaser " Josh Morgerman and I had helped rescue Toto , his wife and their disabled daughter who had been trapped in their ground floor room by the rising storm surge . Toto was angry at the pace of the rebuilding but at the same time he was proud of what had been achieved in the recovery . "  The national government should help the city more , " he said . "  The money is here -- it 's just taking so long for the government to release it . Why ? " His family is divided about whether they should stay . His daughter Kaykay , who has cerebal palsy , probably put it best though . "  I do n't mind where we are , " she said . "  As long as we are together . " IN PICTURES : Tacloban after Typhoon Haiyan and six months later	Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines in November , devastating towns such as Tacloban CNN 's Andrew Stevens returns to the city almost seven months on Landscape littered with wrecked cars , torn-down trees slowly replaced by signs of rebuilding
CNN  -- Montreal authorities on Saturday detailed the charges pending against a self-proclaimed porn star , accusing him of first-degree murder in the grisly killing and dismembering of a university student and threatening , among others , Canada 's prime minister . The suspect -- 29-year-old Luka Rocco Magnotta -- remains at large despite a massive international manhunt . The search for him began after a severed hand and foot were mailed to the Ottawa headquarters of Canada 's Liberal and Conservative parties , while a torso was discovered stuffed in a suitcase and tossed in the trash heap of a Montreal apartment building . What specific accusations he would face if he 's captured became clearer Saturday , when police in Montreal released information from his arrest warrant . Besides murder , the charges include producing , distributing or possessing "  any obscene written matter , picture , model ... or other thing , " mailing "  anything that is obscene , indecent , immoral or scurrilous , " and "  improperly or indecently  offering  any indignity to a dead human body or human remains . " The accusations relate to the violent death of a Concordia University student from China . Montreal police Commander Ian Lafreniere identified the victim Friday as 33-year-old Jun Lin . The Chinese consulate in Montreal said Lin was from the central Chinese city of Wuhan . Police believe Lin was killed and his body dismembered either on May 24 or 25 in a Montreal apartment . A 10-minute video showing what transpired was then posted online . "  We believe he filmed himself , " Lafreniere said earlier this week of the suspect . "  It 's gross ... This is a very deranged person . He is looking for attention and he got it , but not in a positive way . " According to a more detailed copy of the arrest warrant posted on the website of CBC , the fifth charge of "  uttering threats " accuses Magnotta of "  causing  Prime Minister  Stephen Harper and members of parliament to reasonably fear for their safety . " Harper is the leader of the Conservative party , one of the offices that had body parts mailed to it . Magnotta , who was born as Eric Clinton Newman and also uses the alias Vladimir Romanov , fled by plane from Montreal to Europe , Lafreniere has said . That prompted Interpol , the global police agency , to alert authorities in 190 countries . Police have reason to believe Magnotta might have gone to Eastern Europe , given his Russian pseudonym and writings on his Web page . On Friday , police had indications that the suspect may have been aboard a flight traveling from Paris to Montreal . Yet there was no sign of him after a search of the plane , Lafreniere said . Having earlier indicated that Magnotta is good at disguising himself , the police commander said Saturday that the suspect could now be anywhere in Europe , though authorities have n't ruled out the possibility he may be back in Canada . Police described Magnotta as being 5 feet , 8 inches tall and about 135 pounds , with black hair and blue eyes . His name may not have been known before this week , but his digital footprints were large . He was notorious among online animal rights activists , who pegged him as a serial kitten killer who used cat carcasses in sexual acts . A Facebook group started in December 2010 dubbed him the "  Vacuum Kitten Killer , " after a video was posted on YouTube showing kittens being killed by suffocation and drowning . "  Members of this group have spent over a year searching for this individual , who we believe is also responsible for several videos where animals were killed , " the group said Thursday . "  Information gathered by group members was passed on to the authorities in Canada , and we were informed that they were actively working on locating the person seen in the videos hurting animals . " Lafreniere has said police are aware of the animal abuse allegations . On what appears to be his own website , Magnotta defended himself as a victim of cyberstalking . "  Once and for all , I will set the record straight , " he wrote . "  Many hoax websites are created using my image and name , posing as me to seem more believable in respect to the type of audience these website  sic  have , I feel I do n't need to list them specifically but people need not be told , not to believe what they read and to take it as fact . " The website has writing in Arabic and Russian , and shows images of Magnotta half-naked and with lips in a distinct runway pout . Lafreniere from the Montreal police expressed confidence that Magnotta will be caught sooner or later -- predicting his desire for attention may be his downfall . "  This man uses the Web to glorify himself , and  authorities  hope this habit will lead to his capture , " the police commander said Saturday . CNN 's Paula Newton in Toronto contributed to this report .	Luka Rocco Magnotta , 29 , is the focus of a massive international manhunt A warrant notes that police want him arrested on 5 charges , including murder He caused "  Stephen Harper and  lawmakers  to reasonably fear for their safety , " it says Police say Magnotta killed and dismembered a Chinese student , then mailed body parts
CNN  -- Conflicting reports hit the international media this week about whether Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was negotiating a deal with the opposition for a guaranteed safe exit if he relinquished power . Speculation percolated again Wednesday after few details were available about a private Libyan aircraft that landed in Cairo , Egypt . But two questions remain : Will Gadhafi ever step down , and if he did , where would he go ? Gadhafi is sure not to go down easily . He has defiantly vowed to die a martyr on Libyan soil and declared on state television , "  I am Libya . " At the moment , he has leverage , said David Pollock , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Those who have studied the strongman 's megalomanic ways agree that he would probably not retreat from his revolution or his country without a fight to the end . Analysts have raised the grim prospect of a protracted , bloody war in the vein of Somalia . "  The tipping point was n't reached quickly enough , " Pollock said . "  Now , this has turned into something that got stuck . It 's grim . Very grim . " But if it came to a do-or-die scenario , Gadhafi , despite his bravado , would look for a way out , Pollock said . There is no possibility of power-sharing , so if the opposition were to oust him , Gadhafi would have to leave the country , as U.S. President Barack Obama and others have already urged him to do . But few would be willing to welcome a man with such a tarnished reputation , reinforced in recent weeks by the bloody crackdown on unarmed protesters , analysts said . Saudi Arabia 's name pops up in discussions of this nature ; after all , Tunisia 's ousted President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled into exile in the Gulf kingdom . And there were rumors at one time that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak would do the same . But Gadhafi is another matter . His relationship with Saudi King Abdullah is , to put it mildly , strained , especially after the Saudis accused Libyans of an assassination attempt on the king several years back . "  I would be extremely surprised if he went to Saudi Arabia , " said Christopher Boucek , a Saudi Arabia expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Boucek suggested that Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe might be more amenable to taking in Gadhafi . The Libyan leader 's adoption of pan-African solidarity drew him closer to the Zimbabwean dictator . The relationship between the two nations blossomed also from the leaders ' shared anti-colonial fervor and a realpolitik bond of being isolated nations , according to Boucek . Others have suggested that Gadhafi could find a home in Cuba or Venezuela . President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela is considered Gadhafi 's main ally in Latin America , a love born , again , from a mutual distaste for Western "  imperialism . " When the uprising began to escalate in Libya last month , rumors surfaced that Gadhafi had already fled to Caracas , the Venezuelan capital . Pollock listed one more possible future home for the Libyan strongman : Sudan . Reva Bhalla , an analyst with the global intelligence company Stratfor , said Gadhafi has reportedly sought friendship from Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad and tried to shore up that alliance . But even the Syrians , said Bhalla , are less than enthused . European nations , Bhalla said , would suit Gadhafi 's sons just fine but not the eccentric leader , who has been famously known to travel with female bodyguards and sleep under a tent , even when he came to New York to address the United Nations . After all , she said , Gadhafi remains a hardcore Bedouin . And for the moment , it seems , he will remain in his Bedouin homeland , unwilling to let go of 40 years of power .	There has been speculation about Gadhafi making an exit deal But the strongman appears as defiant as ever If he were to flee , he would have few options on where to go Zimbabwe , Venezuela and Sudan could take him in
CNN  Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud , 90 , is suffering from pneumonia , the state-run Saudi Press Agency said Friday . The King was given a breathing-aid tube temporarily , the report said . He was admitted to a hospital Wednesday . CNN Fast Facts : Saudi king There is some mystery surrounding the King 's family . His wives ' names are not available publicly , but according to Islamic tradition he is allowed no more than four at a time . The number of children he has is also not available publicly . But his sons are known to include Khalid , who died in June 2011 at age 54 ; Mitab ; Abdulaziz ; Mishal ; Faisal and Badr . The CNN Library contributed to this report .	King Abdullah , 90 , is suffering from pneumonia , state news says He was admitted to a hospital Wednesday
CNN  -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Tokyo on Monday on the first leg of a major week long trip to Asia . Biden lands at a time of significant regional tension following Beijing 's announcement last week of a new "  air defense identification zone " situated between China and Japan . Since the declaration of the air zone , China has insisted that all aircraft must submit flight plans before entering . The United States has urged calm , and this will be a theme which Biden will emphasize during his visit . The zone includes airspace over islands , known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China , which both countries claim as their own . The dispute over these territories is not new , but has become more salient since the Japanese government decided to nationalize them last year . Since last week , Washington has recommended that U.S. commercial aircraft report their flight plans to Beijing , although U.S. military aircraft continue to operate without notification . Meanwhile , Japan  which also continues to operate flights in the zone  announced on Saturday that it has asked the UN organization that oversees civil aviation to examine whether the zone could undermine aviation safety . Tokyo 's ambition here is to bring enhanced international scrutiny to this issue in a bid to undercut Beijing . While air zones of this nature are commonplace across the world -- Japan declared its own exclusion zone , which partially overlaps China 's , in the late 1960s -- there is concern that China has both imposed this measure unilaterally and warned that it will take unspecified "  emergency defensive measures " if aircraft do not comply with submitting flight plans  already , it has frayed some nerves by sending fighter jets to investigate U.S. and Japanese aircraft in the zone  . Whatever Beijing 's motives in declaring the zone , it will add to the growing international tide of suspicion and sometimes even outright hostility as China increasingly asserts its growing power . The central challenge the country faces here is that its soft power -- its ability to win the hearts and minds of other nations and influence their governments through attraction rather than coercion or payment -- has lagged far behind its hard power built on its growing economic and military might . In Japan , for instance , public favorability toward China fell from 34 % to 5 % between 2011 and 2013 , according to Pew Global , largely in response to China 's new international assertiveness . Meanwhile , in the United States public favorability toward China fell to 37 % in 2013 from 51 % in 2011 . Issues such as Beijing 's alleged currency manipulation , the large size of the U.S. trade deficit with China and the large U.S. financial debt held by Beijing , not to mention alleged Chinese cybersecurity attacks on U.S. interests , has taken its toll on U.S. public opinion . With distrust of China growing , many countries in Asia-Pacific are actively strengthening their diplomatic alliances , particularly with Washington , in a bid to balance Beijing 's growing economic and military strength . This is a political headache the new Chinese leadership could do without and it must now think hard about how to enhance the country 's image in the world . Most immediately , Beijing must restart a process of addressing concerns of foreign governments about its intentions . Here , it needs to intensify efforts to be seen as a responsible , peaceful power . And match this rhetoric with actions . President Xi Jinping made a good start toward this goal in his landmark summit with U.S. President Barack Obama last summer . He pledged to form a "  new model of co-operation " and that "  China and the United States must find a new path ... one that is different from the inevitable confrontation and conflict between the major countries of the past . " As the Pew Global data indicates , China 's international image would also benefit from enhanced public diplomacy to win more foreign "  hearts and minds . " At a symbolic level , example measures might include utilizing the country 's growing capabilities in space travel for high-profile international cooperation projects . Surveys underline that many around the world admire China 's strength in science and technology . A related problem to be tackled is that international communications of Chinese state institutions often lack legitimacy and credibility with foreigners . One solution might be expanding the numbers of non-state groups -- including from civil society networks , diaspora communities , student and academic groups and business networks -- involved in the country 's diplomatic outreach . For many foreign publics , there also needs to be stronger Chinese commitment to domestic political change , transparency and concrete steps towards democratization . Many in the international community are likely to remain wary of the country while it clamps down on its own citizens seeking domestic reform , including human rights activists . Taken overall , the challenges ahead for China are deep-seated and will require sustained investment and significant reform . However , unless they are tackled , the country 's reputational problems will increasingly disable , rather than enable , its ambitions as a rising super power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	China raised tensions in region by imposing a new air defense zone Andrew Hammond says it will add to a tide of suspicion as China asserts its growing power He says China 's soft power is lagging behind it hard power , built on military might Hammond suggests ways China could improve its engagement and image with the international community
CNN  -- Just about every time an article about "  sugar " is published , I get frustrated because of the effort by some to falsely target sugar . Although reporters often ask the Sugar Association for scientific facts and data regarding sugar to use in their stories , the information we provide is rarely included . Often , it 's completely ignored because it does not support the preconceived focus of their article . Thus , a tremendous amount of factual , scientifically verified information about all-natural sugar  sucrose  is being left out of today 's conversation . And , sugar , the natural version , is too often confused with the more prevalent man-made sweeteners like high-fructose corn syrup . That 's misleading for consumers . And it 's bad for advancing a real debate about solving the serious problem of obesity in America . Opinion : The sweet secret that could kill you I 'm talking about a legitimate , credible discussion , supported by government data and independent scientific research , not hysteria and misinformation . Those using inflammatory and baseless phrases like "  toxic " are often more concerned with a sound bite to sensationalize an article or TV appearance , and their claims have more to do with boosting their social media following or selling books than resolving genuine issues of public health . Targeting sugar alone is disingenuous , at best . The most recent example of this trend is a study that appeared in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine , and the media storm that ensued , condemning sugar as a contributing factor to cardiovascular disease . Consider this : The authors of the study itself concede that an observational study like theirs is not proof of cause and effect . The authors fail to note the weakness of the self-reported data they used to estimate intake levels of "  added sugar . " This inadequacy is demonstrated by the fact that study participants self-reporting higher levels of physical activity had a greater , not the expected lower , risk of cardiovascular disease . And the study 's authors also simplistically lumped together all caloric sweeteners as "  added sugar " rather than identifying them individually  more on this in a minute  . Yet that did n't stop headlines like "  Sugar tied to fatal heart problems " or "  Eating too much sugar may be killing you . " Sugar not only makes you fat , it may make you sick These headlines -- and many others resulting from the study -- underscore the problem consumers are facing when seeking factual information on health . Having worked with the U.S. sugar industry for more than a decade , I am becoming more and more dismayed by those habitually providing a megaphone for what "  some " folks are saying while barely giving a thought to whether these claims reflect a consensus view that is either prevailing among qualified experts or is scientifically correct . Although obsessing about sugar as "  the " problem in our diets gives headline writers everywhere the chance to grab our attention with provocative puns , it undermines the worth of important work regarding other dietary and health concerns . It takes the focus and resources away from us supporting scientifically verified , proven interventions dealing with obesity . The fact is that American per capita consumption of real sugar  sucrose  is lower now than it was 40 years ago by approximately one-third  34 %  . So of all the things we need to worry about in this world , "  higher " consumption of sugar is not among them . Because we 've been consuming less of it for decades . And when critics talk about consumption of "  sugar-sweetened " or "  sugary beverages , " they are often inaccurately lumping sugar -- from sugar cane and sugar beets -- with man-made sweeteners like high-fructose corn syrup . Sugar and high-fructose corn syrup , for example , are different sweeteners . They are molecularly different . With U.S. Department of Agriculture data showing that more than 90 % of the caloric sweetener used in beverages in the United States is such corn syrup , not sugar , how can the media , or anyone , continue to call them "  sugar-sweetened beverages " ? So Americans just need to remember : Only sucrose , or sugar , is sugar . Sugar has been consumed safely for centuries and , when consumed in moderation , has been and should continue to be part of a balanced diet and healthy lifestyle . That 's a fact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andy Briscoe .	Andy Briscoe says media reports involving natural sugar are often misleading Briscoe contends recent studies linking excess sugar to poor health are inadequate Too often , he argues , headlines confuse sucrose -- or sugar -- with high-fructose corn syrup
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing that killed at least 13 people and injured dozens in the northwest part of the country Saturday , authorities said . The attack at a security checkpoint in the city of Saidu Sharif injured 37 , according to Ibrahim Khan , a police official in the Swat District , where the military launched an offensive against the Taliban last year . The city is near Mingora , the largest city in the district . Khan said the suicide attacker , who was dropped off on a rickshaw , approached a checkpoint manned by police and military personnel . Security personnel opened fire when the attacker refused to stop . Moments later , the attacker detonated explosives . Azam Tariq , a spokesman for the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , told CNN by phone that his organization takes responsibility for the deadly blasts in Lahore on Friday and the attack Saturday . The Saturday blast comes a day after a twin suicide bombing on a military convoy in Lahore killed 44 people and injured nearly 100 others . Assailants targeted military convoys , approaching on foot and detonating their explosives 15 to 20 seconds apart , Punjab Law Minister Rana Sana Ullah said . Five of the dead were Pakistani soldiers , he said . "  Pakistan has become a colony of Blackwater , " Tariq said , referring to the company now known as Xe Services that provided security to U.S. officials in Iraq . "  The government of Pakistan has become puppet of U.S , " he added . Tariq warned that failure to halt operations against the Taliban will lead to more attacks . "  Our 2,000 suicide bombers , who have already spread across the country , will act against security personnel and government installations , " Tariq said . Tariq said the attacks on both days were a retaliation for the killing of innocent "  Mujahedeen " by Pakistani government under the orders of the United States . A Pakistani crackdown on militants has resulted in the arrests of top Taliban . After the twin bombings Friday , a series of low-level blasts occurred in succession in the Iqbal Town area of the city that night . Three people were injured in the blasts and damage was minimal , Lahore Police said . Earlier this week , gunmen entered a North West Frontier Province compound of the humanitarian agency World Vision , threw grenades , opened fire on the staff inside and detonated a homemade bomb before leaving , according to a World Vision statement . Journalists Nazar Ul Islam and Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	Pakistan Taliban claims responsibility for deadly suicide bombing Attack in Mingora on Saturday kills 13 and injured dozens , police say Saturday blast comes day after twin suicide bombing in Lahore killed 44 people
Coastal Living  -- Visitors love driving Oregon 's coast , but it 's a shame not to get out and hike the stunning landscape , too . Here are several trails to get you started . Explore forested headlands , tour tide pools or stroll the beach barefoot on some of the Pacific Northwest 's best coastal trails . Ecola State Park area , near Cannon Beach Novice explorers can trek along the Pacific on Clatsop Loop Trail , a two-mile historical interpretive route in Ecola State Park that leads travelers in the footsteps of Lewis and Clark . More seasoned hikers might want to drive the extra miles to Tillamook State Forest for the Kings Mountain Trail , known for panoramic views and wildflower meadows . But be warned : Hikers must endure a 2,546-foot elevation gain in two and a half miles to enjoy the stunning mountain scenes . Devil 's Punch Bowl , near Depoe Bay Formed by the collapsed roof of two sea caves , this "  punch bowl " features dramatic water displays that are definitely worth the hike . An easy walk down Beverly Beach and a cliff-climbing staircase leads to the nature-carved basin . Spend the day exploring extensive tide pools , then amble back over to the bowl to witness the wildly churning waves that accompany high tide . The area also promises whale watching and birding . Seaside accommodations are within walking distance at The Inn at Otter Crest . Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area and environs , near North Bend Wind-sculpted dunes , a sparkling blue freshwater lake , and a historic lighthouse all await visitors here . Set aside a day for roaming the path at William M. Tugman State Park , which circles Eel Lake and its many inlets , and expect a few wildlife encounters along the way . The nearby Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area contains the largest coastal sand piles in North America and offers an array of arduous hiking opportunities . Travelers looking for a more laid-back excursion , however , can make their way to Umpqua Lighthouse State Park for relaxing walks and a glimpse of the 65-foot tower known for its distinctive red-and-white flash . CoastalLiving.com : Oregon 's Perpetual Appeal Columbia River Bar and Fort Stevens State Park , near Astoria The Columbia River Bar has always been a navigational nightmare for sailors , and a hike beside the "  Graveyard of the Pacific " will show you why . Pass by the shipwrecked remains of Peter Iredale , one of 2,000 ships that have sunk in this area , on your way to the viewing platform overlooking the jetty . For another slice of history , take a walking tour of Fort Stevens , or enjoy a scenic two-mile jaunt around the fort 's Coffenbury Lake . Humbug Mountain State Park , near Port Orford Rising 1,756 feet over the Pacific , the forested peak of Humbug Mountain provides visitors with switchback trails and magnificent coastal vistas . Family-friendly paths , such as the paved Old Highway 101 Trail , wind through old-growth Douglas fir , Oregon myrtle , and Western red cedar and yield striking seaside views . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	Devil 's Punch Bowl , near Depoe Bay , features dramatic water displays Enjoy a scenic two-mile jaunt around Fort Stevens ' Coffenbury Lake Humbug Mountain , near Port Oxford , rises 1,756 feet over the Pacific
Rome  CNN  -- Catholic cardinals have met for a second day Tuesday at the Vatican , but have not yet set a timetable for selecting a new pope . A total of 110 out of the 115 cardinal-electors , those younger than 80 who are eligible to elect the pope , are now in Rome , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Tuesday . The five cardinal-electors who have not yet arrived have been in touch with the College of Cardinals , and the Vatican knows when they are coming , he said . He did not say when that would be , however , or give reasons for their delayed arrival . No date has yet been proposed for the conclave to select Pope Benedict XVI 's successor , said Lombardi . It is not necessary for all the cardinal-electors to be present for the conclave date to be set , he said , but they do have to be given time to get there . Another Vatican spokesman , the Rev. Thomas Rosica , said : "  There is no desire to rush things but to take this time for discernment and reflection , and that 's been evident in the meetings thus far . " The famous Sistine Chapel , where the secretive conclave takes place , was closed to the public at lunchtime Tuesday for preparations and will remain so until further notice , the official Vatican Museums website said . Those cardinals already in Rome met twice Monday , in the morning and in the evening , as they began a series of meetings known as general congregations . The group decided that congregations on Tuesday and Wednesday would take place in the morning only . The general congregations are a key step before the conclave . Cardinals who want to speak in the meetings sign up to do so , and can speak for as long as they want on any topic they want , Lombardi said . So far , 33 cardinals have spoken . There are 148 in the congregations as of Tuesday morning , he said . CNN Radio : Betting on the new pope According to Italian media reports , discussions Monday focused on an internal investigation into leaks from the Vatican , the outcome of which has so far been seen only by Benedict , and the church 's handling of the scandal over child sex abuse by priests . The cardinals also talked about the kind of pope they want to see at the head of the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics . ` As long as it takes ' U.S. Cardinals Sean O'Malley of Boston and Daniel DiNardo of Galveston-Houston , speaking to reporters after Tuesday 's congregation , said the cardinals were in no hurry to set a date for the conclave . "  I think this is the most important decision that some of us will ever make , and we need to give it the time that 's necessary , " O'Malley said . "  We want to have enough time in the general congregations so that when we go into the conclave , it 's a time of decision . This is a time of discernment and prayer and reflections . " "  It takes as long as it takes , " DiNardo said , adding that there were "  plenty of points of view among the cardinals " about when the conclave should begin . "  No one really wants to rush this if it ca n't be rushed , " he said . Both laughed off speculation that they could be elected pope , although some betting agencies rate O'Malley as the most likely American to become pope . O'Malley was asked if he would continue to wear his brown Capuchin robe if he did become pontiff . "  I have worn this uniform for 40 years and I expect to wear it until I die , and that 's because I do n't expect to be elected pope , " he said . DiNardo , who lives in Texas , was then asked if he would keep wearing a cowboy hat if he became pope . "  That 's an ` Alice in Wonderland ' question . We 're going down the rabbit hole in terms of my being elected pope , " he said . Transfer of power Benedict announced his intention to step down on February 11 and resigned Thursday , becoming the first pope to do so in almost 600 years . The transfer of papal power has almost always happened after the sitting pope has died . Normally , the College of Cardinals is not allowed to select a new pontiff until 15 to 20 days after the office becomes vacant . However , Benedict amended the 500-year-old policy to get a successor into place more rapidly . The cardinals may to be able to do so before March 15 , Lombardi has said . What 's in a name ? Clues to be found in next pope 's moniker This would give the new pontiff more than a week to prepare for the March 24 Palm Sunday celebrations . Some gambling houses are offering odds on who will next lead the Catholic Church . Favorites include the archbishop of Milan , Italy , Cardinal Angelo Scola ; Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone of Italy ; Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana , who would become the first African pontiff since Pope Gelasius I died more than 1,500 years ago ; and Cardinal Marc Ouellet of Canada , who would become the first North American pope . While Benedict has no direct involvement in the selection of his successor , his influence will be felt : He appointed 67 of at least 115 cardinals set to make the decision . Wounded ` hearts and minds ' One former cardinal who wo n't participate in the conclave is Keith O'Brien of Scotland , who resigned last month . O'Brien apologized Sunday for sexual impropriety , without specifying any incident . "  To those I have offended , I apologize and ask forgiveness , " he said in a statement . The Vatican refused to answer questions Monday about whether it would discipline O'Brien . Chinese Catholics pine for open-minded pope to heal rifts But others did comment . "  It looks as if the incidence of abuse is practically zero right now as far as we can tell , but they are still the victims , and the wound therefore is deep in their hearts and minds very often , " Cardinal Francis George , archbishop of Chicago , told reporters in Rome . "  As long as it 's with them , it 's with all of us . And that will last for a long time , so the next pope has to be aware of this . " Philip Tartaglia , the archbishop of Glasgow and apostolic administrator of the Archdiocese of St. Andrews and Edinburgh , will administer O'Brien 's archdiocese until a new appointment is made . "  The most stinging charge which has been leveled against us in this matter is hypocrisy , and for obvious reasons , " Tartaglia said Monday night in a sermon at St. Andrew 's Cathedral in Glasgow . "  I think there is little doubt that the credibility and moral authority of the Catholic Church in Scotland has been dealt a serious blow , and we will need to come to terms with that . " Representatives of a support group for abuse victims , Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , called Monday for the cardinals to elect a new pope who is not a Vatican insider . The group also called for some of the older cardinals to absent themselves from the General Congregations , arguing that some have been accused of complicity in protecting priests accused of sexually abusing children . "  Their peers should push them to stay home , or they should do so voluntarily , the group feels , for the sake of the church and to avoid heaping more pain on wounded victims and betrayed Catholics , " a statement on SNAP 's website said . One of Italy 's anti-clerical abuse networks , L'Abuso , petitioned senior Vatican Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone on Monday not to allow the participation in the conclave of an Italian cardinal it alleges helped protect priests who molested minors in the past . Cardinals must vote in person , via paper ballot . Once the process begins , the cardinals are n't allowed to talk with anyone outside of the conclave . They can not leave until white smoke emerges from the Vatican chimney -- the signal that a new leader has been picked . More than 5,000 journalists are now accredited for the papal conclave , Lombardi said Tuesday . They cover 24 languages , he said . How is a new pope elected ? CNN 's Richard Allen Green and Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Mark Morgenstein and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is the most important decision that some of us will ever make , " says U.S. cardinal Not all cardinal-electors have to be present for the conclave date to be set 110 of the 115 cardinal-electors have now arrived in Rome , says Vatican spokesman The Sistine Chapel closes to the public for preparations ahead of the conclave
CNN  -- The press does not have the right to get access to the government 's investigation into the deadly August accident at the Crandall Canyon mine , a federal judge in Utah ruled Tuesday . Rescuers drill into the mine on August 16 to try to reach the miners . Three people died in rescue attempts . U.S. District Judge Dee Benson said there is no constitutional basis for him to make the investigation public . "  Plaintiffs argue that the First Amendment mandates public access to the type of MSHA -LSB- Mine Safety and Health Administration -RSB- proceeding at issue in this case , " Benson wrote in his order . "  They point , however , to nothing specific in the Constitution to support their claim . " A coalition of news organizations including CNN , The Associated Press , the Salt Lake Tribune and the Deseret Morning News filed suit last week seeking to stop the investigation into the Crandall Canyon incident until a judge could decide whether the proceedings should be open to the public . The suit asked for Benson to grant a temporary restraining order to stop federal investigators "  from conducting any more closed proceedings " and to release the transcripts from the proceedings that have already taken place . Michael O'Brien , a Salt Lake City attorney representing the media organizations , said they are "  disappointed , but not disheartened . " The news organizations are considering appealing the ruling within the court system . They are also considering a possible appeal to Congress that would require MSHA to hold public hearings "  on these important matters , where the actions of MSHA as well as the mine owner are under question . "  Certainly , MSHA should not be allowed to investigate itself in secret , " O'Brien said in an e-mail to CNN . "  If the courts do n't intervene , hopefully Congress will find a way to allow public scrutiny of MSHA 's investigations of itself and its regulated mines . " The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Utah is pleased with Benson 's decision , but wo n't comment further "  since this is ongoing litigation , " said spokeswoman Melodie Rydalch . Attorneys for MSHA did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN . On August 6 , a cave-in of the Crandall Canyon mine trapped six miners . Ten days later , three other people , including an investigator for the U.S. Department of Labor 's MSHA , died as they attempted to reach the trapped miners , whose bodies have not been recovered . Benson said there is no established precedent under which he could make the investigation public . Some cases the media organizations referred to have to do with access to criminal trials , he wrote , and "  the court can not make the leap that plaintiffs suggest by concluding that because the public has a First Amendment right of access to hear witnesses in a criminal trial , they also have a right of access to private government investigatory interviews . " The media organizations claimed in their suit that the same Utah federal court , after a similar accident 20 years ago , ruled that MSHA had to make its proceedings public . Government attorneys said in their response to the suit that the decision was later vacated as moot , and even if it had not been , that case involved formal hearings open to outside groups but closed to the media . Benson agreed with the government in his ruling , saying the facts in the previous case differ from those in the current situation . "  In this case , MSHA is conducting private , government-only interviews . Unlike -LSB- the previous case -RSB- , no company or union representatives , or any other outside individuals , are permitted to attend or participate in the interviews . " The ruling in the previous case allowed MSHA to exclude the media so long as interview attendants were limited to MSHA personnel , a court reporter , the person being questioned , and his or her attorney or adviser , Benson wrote . "  This is almost the exact situation in this case . The only difference is that in this case a state official -LSB- who is part of the investigation team -RSB- and a notary are also present . " The media organizations claimed in the suit that media access to the investigation would ensure it is conducted properly and minimize attempts by the government to distort the truth . The government claimed that media access could compromise the investigation through the release of incomplete information or by influencing the statements of those who had not yet been interviewed . "  The court finds any of these policy arguments persuasive , " Benson wrote , but said it was not his place to make such decisions . "  While it may be true that requiring all government investigations to be open would result in greater accountability and more accurate information , if such a requirement is to be imposed , it must come from a statute that is debated and passed by Congress and signed into law by the president . "  It is not this court 's or any other court 's role to make law , only to interpret it . " E-mail to a friend	Judge says there is no constitutional basis to make investigation public News media sued to open inquiry into Utah mine disaster Government says media access could compromise the investigation Six miners trapped in August 6 cave-in ; their bodies have not been recovered
CNN Student News  -- May 23 , 2014 China vows to severely punish those responsible for an apparent terrorist attack . This Friday , we report on what happened , and we examine NOAA 's forecast for the upcoming Atlantic hurricane season . We also look into the history of Memorial Day , and we report on what Americans should look out for concerning a nationwide recall of ground beef . Please note : CNN Student News will return on Tuesday , May 27 after the Memorial Day holiday . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What audio and video elements would you include in a local news story about Memorial Day ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What European nation located east of the Adriatic Sea experienced its worst flooding since records have been kept ? 2 . After English and Spanish , what is the most widely spoken language in homes across the U.S. ? 3 . What iconic toy , also the single best-selling toy of all time , celebrated its 40th birthday this week ? 4 . What U.S. government agency is charged with regulating communications including satellite , cable and TV ? 5 . What form of law is imposed when the military takes over a country , usually in times of emergency ? 6 . In what U.S. state did residents in the town of Moore remember those who lost their lives in an EF5 tornado one year ago ? 7 . What was the occupation of the person who designed the current U.S. flag ? 8 . To what central African nation has the U.S. sent 80 troops to assist in the search for kidnapped Nigerian girls ? 9 . By what name was Memorial Day originally known ? 10 . The U.S. Department of Agriculture has recalled 1.8 million pounds of what food due to possible E. coli contamination ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Ethiopian Tirunesh Dibaba made a successful defense of her Olympic 10,000 meters crown to round off the first night of track and field finals Friday . Dibaba used her famed finishing kick to pull clear of Kenyan pair Sally Kipyego and reigning world champion Vivian Cheruiyot with a 62 second last lap to win in 30 minutes 20.75 seconds . It was the third Olympic gold medal for Dibaba , who is a seven-time world champion and holds the world record for the 5,000 m. Dibaba 's teammate Werknesh Kidane pushed the pace after halfway in the grueling 25-lap event to whittle down the medal contenders to two Ethiopians and two Kenyans . Kidane paid for her efforts but an ever confident Dibaba hit the front before the bell and victory was a formality with Kipyego claiming the silver . While Dibaba was doubling up , Poland 's Tomasz Majewski became only the second man in history to retain the Olympic shot put title . The 30-year-old threw 21.89 meters to edge out Germany 's world champion David Storl , who had a best of 21.86 m. Reese Hoffa of the United States took bronze with 21.23 m. Majewski matched the feat of American Parry O'Brien , who won successive golds in 1952 and 1956 . The Pole took the lead in the third round and finished off in style with his best effort . Earlier , the home crowd in an 80,000 seater Olympic Stadium with few empty seats , had reason to cheer as Jessica Ennis took a commanding lead in the women 's heptathlon . Ennis , the poster girl of the 2012 London Games , set personal bests in the 100m hurdles and 200m on the way to a first day score of 4,158 points , 184 clear of Lithuanian Austra Skujyte . With the long jump , javelin and 800m to go , Ennis has a healthy lead over defending Olympic champion Natallia Dobrynska of Ukraine and Russian world champion Tatyana Chernova , who were 10th and ninth respectively . Britain 's Christine Ohuruogu made a successful start to her defense of the women 's 400m title with a 50.80 seconds clocking to come through in the first round . Her old rival Sanya Richards-Ross of the United States also progressed . Amantle Montsho of Botswana was fastest qualifier in 50.40 seconds . Saturday 's track and field action will see the first appearance for Jamaica 's sprinting superstar Usain Bolt as he begins the defense of the 100m title .	Tirunesh Dibaba wins first track gold of the London Olympics Dibaba successfully defends her 10,000 m crown Tomasz Majewski retains his men 's shot put crown for Poland Home hope Jessica Ennis leads women 's heptathlon after first day
CNN  -- Now that President Obama has taken a public stand on the warlords and militia gangs tyrannizing DR Congo , there is a sense that the next chapter in the human tragedy that has been raging there over the past decade and half is about to be written -- or so we can hope . In the DRC -- Africa 's largest sub-Saharan country -- invasions , proxy wars and humanitarian crises have senselessly shut down millions of lives , displaced millions more from their homes and left countless women and young girls brutally raped with the world barely raising an eyebrow . The latest murderous attempt by the M23 militia gang to besiege Goma , the strategic regional capital of Congo 's eastern province of North Kivu , seems to have backfired . The United Nations says Rwanda has helped to create and militarily supported M23 . Although Rwandan President Paul Kagame denies backing M23 , the accusation has taken off some of the international gloss he had long enjoyed in the West , and precipitated cuts and suspension of aid money that goes directly to the Kagame regime by the Netherlands , Sweden , Germany , Britain and the European Union . The United States , which gives no money directly to the Rwandan government , suspended its military aid . In a baffling expression of a refinement of the U.S. position , President Obama made a rare telephone call to Kagame to emphasize "  the importance of permanently ending all support to armed groups in the DRC . " That set a firm red line on the situation in that region , the first one by President Obama since becoming president in 2008 . Watch video : Kagame on Congo This was certainly right and good . Kagame is no fool ; the diplomatic but emphatic content of that telephone call , monitored by White House 's National Security staff and published thereafter for public consumption , speaks volumes . He clearly understood the implicit threat . But it was not good enough . Left unsaid is that withholding aid money that goes directly to the Kagame regime has not changed many realities on the ground -- a painful reminder of the limits of what previous half-hearted , ambivalent international attempts to halt the crisis in that country had achieved . However , the situation is not hopeless . President Obama can help to halt the wars engulfing the Congo . It is both economically and politically affordable . Here is my suggestion -- a three-point road map , if you like , for President Obama , should he choose to put the weight of the United States squarely on the side of the Congolese and engage much more robustly to help end the world 's bloodiest war and human tragedy . Read more : Why the world is ignoring Congo war 1 . Changes in Kinshasa If we are to be blunt with ourselves , Congo 's major problem today -- the chief reason that country remains on its knees -- is its president Joseph Kabila . Paul Kagame is just a symptom , at least in theory . The crisis of leadership in the capital Kinshasa , the disastrous blend of lack of political legitimacy and moral authority , mixed with poor governance and vision deficiency , then compounded with dilapidated state institutions , has become the common denominator to the ills and wrongs that continues to overwhelm the Congo . In other words , peace will never be secured in Congo , if the moribund status quo is still strutting around Kinshasa . Obama 's minimum objective in regard to ending the wars and human tragedy engulfing the Congo should be to push for changes in Kinshasa . He must make this one of the "  10 Commandments " of the Obama Doctrine . Circumstances demand it to re-energize Congo 's chance of success and to enable the renaissance of a "  New Africa . " And given the effects of Congo 's mounting death toll and the speed at which HIV/AIDS is spreading because of the use of rape as a weapon of war , the sooner the better . 2 . Keep Kagame in the naughty corner The wars and human tragedy engulfing the Congo have many fathers and many layers . Rwanda , and to some extent Uganda -- run by Africa 's two dearest autocratic but staunchly pro-American regimes -- are , as they have been many times in the past , despite their denials , continuing to provide support to warlords and militia gangs terrorizing the Congolese people . This is not an apocryphal claim , it 's an open secret in Kinshasa , Kampala and Kigali as much as it is in Washington or White Hall , and as real as Charles Taylor 's role in Sierra Leone or Iran 's support to Hezbollah . Indeed , reporters across Congo and across the region would testify to this . Kigali has been , one can safely argue , the sole shareholder in the M23 militia gang -- and its elder sisters CNDP and RCD-Goma . It can not wash its hands in Pontius Pilate fashion of either the ICC-wanted M23 warlord Bosco Ntaganda , also known as The Terminator , or Laurent Nkunda , who is wanted by the Congolese government for war crimes and is under house arrest in Kigali . Read more : Prosecutor seeks new Congo war crimes warrants If President Obama is remotely serious about saving lives in Congo , then fracturing Rwanda 's ability to directly or indirectly harbor warlords , support militia gangs , militarize or ethnicize the wars in Congo for control of Congo 's easily appropriable but highly valuable natural resources is critical , however politically disgruntling it may be to some in the State Department . It would reduce the scale , scope and intensity of the killing , raping and uprooting of the Congolese , it would crush Kinshasa 's ability to use external support to warlords and militia gangs as an alibi for a lack of progress and , above all , decrease the growing unease of the Congolese towards Rwanda over the crimes of FDLR and the role played by their government in Congo . 3 . FDLR The continued existence in Congo of FDLR , a Rwandan militia gang made up largely of Hutus -- whose leadership took part in the 1994 genocide of Tutsi -- remains one of the most persistent and serious threats to stability in Congo and the region . Addressing this crisis is of significant importance from both a political and humanitarian viewpoint . Though there are no definitive statistics on the exact numbers of FDLR fighters , the good news is that experts tell us that the vast majority of its rank and file are in their 20s and early 30s , which means they were too young to have taken part in the genocide in 1994 . The United States , together with the U.N. , the EU and African Union , should appoint a special envoy for the African Great Lakes region to midwife a conducive political arrangement in Kigali that could see them returning home -- and see their leaders and fundraisers in Europe arrested . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vava Tampa .	President Obama can help end the Congo conflict for good , says Vava Tampa Obama has asked Rwanda to end all support to armed groups in the Congo FDLR militia gang is a threat to stability and must leave Congo Obama must push for change in Congolese government , argues Tampa
Rolling Stone  -- Stevie Nicks built her legend on the California-Babylon chronicles she perfected in the Seventies with Fleetwood Mac , and in the Eighties on underrated solo gems like "  The Other Side of the Mirror . " But she still has that eternal edge-of-17 tremor in her voice . The gypsy queen is in royal form on "  In Your Dreams " -- it 's not just her first album in 10 years , it 's her finest collection of songs since the Eighties . "  In Your Dreams " has the high-gloss L.A. production of her collaborators , Glen Ballard and Eurythmics ' Dave Stewart . But the material is Nicks in platform-soled hyper-romantic mode , with her voice in surprisingly supple shape . "  Secret Love " is an oldie she wrote in 1976 -- who knew she was still keeping secrets from her "  Rumours " days ? It seems to be about one of her rock-star beaus , although she coyly maintains she ca n't remember which one . Yet it is n't even one of the better tracks on "  In Your Dreams . " The over-the-top seduction ballad "  Italian Summer " could be her answer to the Stones ' "  Wild Horses . " It climaxes in a very Stevie credo : "  Love was everywhere/You just had to fall . " Nicks finds storytelling inspiration everywhere , from the Twilight series  "  Moonlight -LSB- A Vampire 's Dream -RSB- "  to Jean Rhys  "  Wide Sargasso Sea "  . But the real showstopper here is the Edgar Allan Poe tribute "  Annabel Lee , " a fan fave that 's been kicking around on bootlegs since the Nineties . It 's a six-minute meditation on love and death with echoes of the Fleetwood Mac classic "  Dreams . " Poe 's key line -- "  The moon never beams without bringing me dreams " -- might have been written in 1849 , but it was clearly meant for Stevie Nicks to sing . Rolling Stone rating : 31/2 stars See full article at Rolling Stone Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Stevie Nicks still has that eternal edge-of-17 tremor in her voice "  In Your Dreams " has the high-gloss L.A. production of her collaborators Nicks finds storytelling inspiration everywhere , from the Twilight series to Jean Rhys
