CNN  -- Forests in the Pacific Northwest are dying twice as fast as they were 17 years ago , and scientists blame warming temperatures for the trend , according to a new study . This photo of Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado shows dying pines and firs among healthy trees . The study , to be released Friday in the journal Science , is the first large-scale analysis of environmental changes as contributing factors in the mortality of coniferous forests . The data for this research was gathered by generations of scientists over a 50-year period at multiple sites in Oregon , Washington , California , Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and southwestern British Columbia . Seventy-six forest plots , all more than 200 years old , were monitored by scientists doing some of the most rudimentary research -- counting trees . "  It 's not a happy story , but , an important one , " said Phillip van Mantgem , a research ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and the lead author of the study . "  These are beautiful places . They do change and respond to their environment , sometimes quickly . " "  If in your hometown where you live , the death rates of your friends and neighbors doubled and there are no compensating birth rates , would n't you want to figure out what 's going on ? " said Nathan Stephenson , research ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and one of the authors of the report . The study primarily focused on three types of coniferous trees : pines , firs and hemlocks . Older-growth forests -- some up to 500 years old -- have trees of all ages , and researchers found that mortality rates have increased for all age groups . Since mortality rates went up across the board , scientists ruled out a number of other possible causes , including ozone-related air pollution , long-term effects of fire suppression and normal forest dynamics . In the end , California had the highest tree death rate . Of the three types of coniferous trees studied , pines were found to be dying at the fastest rate . Ultimately , higher tree mortality may lead to significant shifts in forest structure and function , the report states . "  Much of the world 's population in North America , Europe , most of China and large portions of Russia live near temperate forests , so what happens in these forests has global importance , " said Jerry Franklin , a professor of forest resources at the University of Washington whose work was instrumental in maintaining the research plots . "  My guess is that forest loss has the potential to greatly exceed forest establishment , " he added . The new findings concern scientists who see the study as further confirmation of the harmful effects of climate change on ecosystems . According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a scientific intergovernmental body , concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are now at their highest levels for at least 650,000 years . Scientists on the panel say the increase began with the birth of the Industrial Revolution 250 years ago . The new research also suggests that as trees die , they actually emit more carbon than they absorb . Trees are key players in regulating climate because they convert carbon dioxide , which they store in their trunks and roots , to oxygen . Changes in climatic conditions or various diseases can cause the gradual dying of plant shoots . "  The concern here is that these might be early warning signs of dieback , " said Stephenson . Some scientists say that tree species unable to tolerate warmer conditions might just re-establish themselves in cooler areas . Given the speed at which warming appears to be occurring , it 's not clear whether tree species will be able to migrate fast enough to survive , said van Mantgem of the U.S. Geological Survey . "  Warmer temperatures cause earlier summer droughts , less snow pack , and cause ideal breeding grounds for invasive species and pathogens , " he added . "  One hypothesis is that warmer climates can make it easier for invasive species to reproduce and grow in these temperate forests . If the trees are already under a lot of environmental stress , they are more prone to serious insect attack , " he said . Scientists say forests in the Western U.S. have been increasingly damaged in recent years by invasive insect species such as the bark beetle -- a sign that rising temperatures are having an adverse effect . Bark beetles are known to attack trees already weakened by other environmental factors . "  Many of these beetles can not survive in cold temperatures , and it 's getting warmer , " said Tim Barnett , a research marine physicist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California , San Diego . Barnett authored a research paper linking drought conditions in the American West to increased human activity . "  It is perfectly reasonable to assume that this problem is going to get worse , not better , " he said .	Forests in the Pacific Northwest are dying twice as fast as they were 17 years ago Scientists blame warming temperatures for the trend , according to a new study Data was gathered over a 50-year period at sites in the Western U.S. and Canada Scientists : study confirms the harmful effects of rising temperatures on ecosystems
CNN Student News  -- October 29 , 2014 If you know what the southernmost U.S. state is , then you know where we 're going for one of the stories on today 's show . The location 's slow-moving natural disaster is a study in geology and earth science . Also featured is a debate concerning quarantines and the Ebola virus . And we look inside a plane that appears to be made of giant windows , though it actually has none for passengers . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Dear Joel Stein , Where do I begin ? Normally , I write about health care , but your essay in Time , "  My Own Private India , " caught my attention for reasons that have nothing to do with medicine . Before I read it , I barely had any idea who you were . Your name was vaguely familiar , probably from having seen you on VH1 while channel-surfing in the wee hours . I 'm not the only one who noticed . Last I checked , your essay was one of the most read and e-mailed articles at Time.com . Good work . You earned your paycheck . But you did it with a xenophobic , even racist , rant against Indian Americans like me and a lot of other people I care about and deeply respect . Read Joel Stein 's essay , "  My Own Private India " Have no illusions , sir . What you wrote was not funny , insightful , smart or unique . No . Every word , phrase , sentence and paragraph you produced did nothing more than distill the ancient , proud and diverse culture of India down to nothing more than clichés and stereotypes . Calling us dot-heads and Guindians , speaking of spicy food and multilimbed gods with elephant noses -- clarification , Joel : Ganesh has the elephant nose ; Siva has the multiple arms . You did it even when you were laying on the backhanded compliments . "  We all assumed Indians were geniuses . " Thanks for that . By the way , I am not some bitter old man trying to lecture you . You and I are contemporaries . I 'm just a year younger than you are . In reading a little bit about you , we have some things in common . I was "  dorky enough " to have played Dungeons & Dragons growing up . Given your esteemed education at Stanford , I suspect both of us excelled academically . But it 's clear that our consciences have been on divergent paths . I try to do just a little bit of good in the world by practicing medicine and writing . You took your pricey education and became ... a humorist ... a satirist ... a pundit ? A descendant of Mark Twain , H.L Mencken or P.J. O ' Rourke you are not . In the future , please leave satire and humor to trained professionals . So ... because you were n't funny or incisive , what 's your point ? Are you trying to make Indians prove our worth to the fraternity that is America ? Is your essay part of some kind of hazing ? Put up with your callous insults , and we 'll be able to live in the frat house ? What litmus test do we all have to pass to become bona fide ? Does our God have to wear a big white beard and have only two arms ? Do we have to turn in the dots on our foreheads for a baseball cap with "  N.Y. " stenciled on it ? Trade in our samosas and chai for potato chips and Bud Light ? Should we make our parents throw their Hindi language newsmagazine in the garbage and subscribe to Time ? If it 's about fitting in with your standards of Americana , please , allow me to prove my culture 's utility to you . Some of us have become wildly successful . We run Fortune 500 companies , have been elected to political office and have won Pulitzer prizes . Many of us work 40-plus hours a week to pay our mortgage . Some have paid their dues serving this country in war . Still others struggle to pay the bills , keep their children fed or their marriages together ; and yes , there are those of us who are criminals locked up in jail . In other words , we 're just like everyone else . It 's obvious that you were waxing nostalgic about your hometown . If I follow your logic here , should nothing ever change in America ? Should moms stay at home while we men wear our suits and ties and head off to work , cigarette in hand ? Should African-Americans still drink from a different water fountain from you ? Should we revoke the right of women to vote ? If that 's the case , I 've got a Delorean with a flux capacitor I 'd be happy to sell you to get "  Back to the Future . " I also read the apology you pinned to the bottom of the online version of your essay . "  I truly feel stomach-sick that I hurt so many people . I was trying to explain how , as someone who believes that immigration has enriched American life and my hometown in particular , I was shocked that I could feel a tiny bit uncomfortable with my changing town when I went to visit it . If we could understand that reaction , we 'd be better equipped to debate people on the other side of the immigration issue , " you wrote . "  Tiny bit uncomfortable , " indeed . You should have stopped with "  I 'm sorry " or just retracted the whole article . Stop trying to save face by trying to rationalize what you wrote or pin it to the immigration issue . Finally , I do want to thank you for harshly reminding of one thing : Because the essay was published just before the Fourth of July -- and incidentally , just a few weeks before India 's own independence day -- you and your publication reminded me with no uncertainty that racism , ignorance and fear of new people are as American as apple pie and Time magazine . Like you said , the Statue of Liberty should shed a tear . And Mahatma Gandhi just did . Time Warner Inc. is the parent company of CNN.com and Time magazine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahul Parikh .	Rahul Parikh takes issue with Joel Stein 's column about Indian Americans in his hometown Essay was meant to be satire , but Parikh found it a xenophobic , racist rant Parikh says writer distilled ancient and diverse culture into clichés and stereotypes Says the piece reminded him ignorance about and fear of new people still exist in U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama began to flesh out the details of one of his signature campaign promises Tuesday , outlining his plan for a major overhaul of the country 's education system "  from the cradle up through a career . " President Obama says the decline of education is "  unacceptable for our children . " "  We have let our grades slip , our schools crumble , our teacher quality fall short and other nations outpace us , " Obama said in an address to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce . "  The time for finger-pointing is over . The time for holding ourselves accountable is here . " "  The relative decline of American education is untenable for our economy , unsustainable for our democracy and unacceptable for our children , and we can not afford to let it continue , " he said . The president outlined a five-tier reform plan , starting with increased investments in early childhood initiatives . Obama noted that the recently passed $ 787 billion stimulus plan includes an additional $ 5 billion for Head Start , a program to help low-income families . He highlighted a proposal to offer 55,000 first-time parents "  regular visits from trained nurses to help make sure their children are healthy and prepare them for school and life . " He also pledged to boost federal support in the form of "  Early Learning Challenge " grants to states that develop plans to strengthen early education programs . Second , Obama called for an end to "  what has become a race to the bottom in our schools " through lower testing standards . Echoing former President Bush 's call to end "  the soft bigotry of low expectations , " Obama said states needed to stop "  low-balling expectations " for students . Watch Obama challenge states to raise their standards " "  The solution to low test scores is not lower standards ; it 's tougher , clearer standards , " he argued . At the same time , however , he urged states to develop standards "  that do n't simply measure whether students can fill in a bubble on a test but whether they possess 21st century skills like problem-solving and critical thinking , entrepreneurship and creativity . " To help promote this goal , Obama said he would push for funding in the No Child Left Behind law to be more effectively tied to results . The Education Department , he said , would "  back up this commitment to higher standards with a fund to invest in innovation in our school districts . " Obama 's third tier focused on teacher training and recruitment . He noted that federal dollars had been set aside in the stimulus plan to help prevent teacher layoffs . He also reiterated a promise to support merit pay , as well as extra pay for math and science teachers with the goal of ending a shortage in both of those subjects . At the same time , however , the president warned that ineffective teachers should not be allowed to remain on the job . "  If a teacher is given a chance but still does not improve , there is no excuse for that person to continue teaching , " he said . "  I reject a system that rewards failure and protects a person from its consequences . " Teachers ' unions have opposed merit-based pay , arguing that it is unfair because it leads to competition among teachers and because teachers face different challenges depending on where they are located . Fourth , Obama called for the promotion of educational "  innovation and excellence " by renewing his campaign pledge to support charter schools . He called on states to lift caps on the number of allowable charter schools . He also urged a longer school calendar . "  I know longer school days and school years are not wildly popular ideas , " Obama said . "  But the challenges of a new century demand more time in the classroom . " Obama 's final reform initiative focused on higher education . Among other things , the president promised to boost college access by raising the maximum Pell Grant award to $ 5,550 a year and indexing it above inflation . He also promised to push for a $ 2,500 a year tuition tax credit for students from working families . The American Federation of Teachers , a union with 1.4 million members , said Tuesday that it embraces Obama 's goals to provide "  all Americans with a comprehensive , competitive education that begins in early childhood and extends through their careers . " "  We also fully support the president 's call for shared responsibility for education -- among public officials , school administrators , parents , students and teachers , " the group said in a statement . "  As with any public policy , the devil is in the details , and it is important that teachers ' voices are heard as we implement the president 's vision . " In promoting his program , the president called for an end to the "  partisanship and petty bickering " that many observers believe has typically defined education policy debates in the past . "  We need to move beyond the worn fights of the 20th century if we are going to succeed in the 21st century , " he said . Obama also offered a rebuttal to critics who have accused him of diverting attention to issues such as education and energy at the expense of the deteriorating economy . "  I know there are some who believe we can only handle one challenge at a time , " he said . But "  we do n't have the luxury of choosing between getting our economy moving now and rebuilding it over the long term . " CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Obama stresses investments in early childhood initiatives . President says "  challenges of a new century " demand more time in classroom He calls for end to the practice of lowering state reading , math standards Obama pledges to push for major expansion of performance-based pay programs
London , England  CNN  -- AB de Villiers has broken the South African record for the highest individual score in a test innings with an unbeaten 278 against Pakistan in the second Test match at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi . It is the 10th time the 26-year-old has passed 100 in test matches and beats the previous best of 277 set by current captain Graeme Smith against England in 2003 . De Villiers record 418-ball knock included 23 fours and six sixes helping South Africa to a first innings total of 584 for 9 declared on day two , after being put into bat by Pakistan 's captain Misbah-ul-Haq on Saturday . Debutant Tanvir Ahmed was the pick of Pakistan 's bowlers finishing with figures of 6 for 120 . In reply , Pakistan got off to the worst possible start losing opener Mohammad Hafeez , trapped lbw to Dale Steyn , to the third ball of their innings . Pakistan managed to avoid any further scares before close of play , finishing on 59 for 1 with Taufeeq Umar  16  and Azhar Ali  34  still at the crease , but still trail South Africa by 525 runs . Meanwhile , India are in a commanding position after the second day of the third Test match against New Zealand in Nagpur . The home side finished on 292 for 2 after they bowled out New Zealand for 193 earlier in the day , giving them a first innings lead of 99 runs . The tourists could only add 45 runs to their overnight total of 148 for 7 . Ishant Sharma finished with figures of 4 for 43 after claiming two of the three remaining wickets to fall in the morning session . India 's openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag got off to a flier passing 50 in the eighth over . Both men recorded half centuries before Daniel Vettori bagged a catch off his own bowling to remove Sehwag for 74 in the 23rd over . Gambhir made a patient 78 before edging a catch to Ross Taylor at slip off the bowling of Tim Southee . But Rahul Dravid  69 not out  and Sachin Tendulkar  57 not out  steadied the ship , adding 100 for the third wicket before the close . India are now well placed to take the match and the series after the first two tests were drawn .	AB de Villiers scores highest individual innings by a South African in test matches Record-breaking 278 not out surpasses Graeme Smith 's 277 vs England in 2003 India in command of third Test against New Zealand in Nagpur Tourists all out for 193 ; India finish day 99 runs ahead with eight wickets in hand
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- NASA launched its Ares I-X rocket Wednesday , after multiple delays over two days because of bad weather . The 327-foot rocket -- which NASA considers the world 's largest -- took off at 11:30 a.m. ET , 30 minutes before a noon deadline for the launch . It rose about 24 miles . About two minutes after liftoff , the first-stage , reusable rocket booster fell into the Atlantic , where it was to be picked up by a ship . It was the first flight test for the Constellation Program , NASA 's next-generation spacecraft and launch vehicle system . The rocket 's launch is part of NASA 's mission to someday return astronauts to the moon and later travel to Mars . NASA spokesman George Diller , who was moderating the launch preparations for broadcasters , communicated the frustration as launches were repeatedly called off with just minutes to go . After 11 a.m. , it appeared there would be a narrow window for a liftoff , and a half-hour later the rocket roared skyward . "  I ca n't tell you how proud I am of all of you , " Ed Mango , Ares I-X launch director , told engineers and others inside the center after the launch . "  That was just one of the most beautiful rocket launches I 've ever seen . " "  It shows what we can do when we have a common goal . " As the clock ticked toward noon , NASA officials nervously awaited all-clears for technical items and a weather clearance from weather officer Kathy Winters who , time and again , said conditions were "  red , " meaning a no-go . A reconnaissance plane was giving her frequent weather reports . She kept looking for a break in the high-level clouds . "  It 's a very dynamic situation , " Winters said . Before the launch , the space agency had begun negotiating with the Air Force to see if a Thursday launch attempt was possible . Failing that , NASA could n't have tried again until November 16 . NASA 's primary concern was the high-level , cold clouds that can cause triboelectrification , or the production of a kind of static electricity , similar to what happens when you walk across a carpet , then touch something . If static surrounds the rocket , it can interfere with radio signals sent by or to the rocket . The Constellation Program has been developing new vehicles to replace space shuttles , which will be phased out in 2010 . If the program moves forward , the Orion capsule atop the Ares rocket will not be ready to take astronauts into space until at least 2015 , leaving a gap of at least five years in which the only way the United States would be able to put humans in orbit would be by hitching a ride with the Russians . Part of the test rocket mission is for scientists to try out three massive main parachutes , measuring 150 feet in diameter and weighing one ton each -- the largest rocket parachutes ever manufactured . The parachutes are a primary element of the rocket 's deceleration system , NASA says . After the rocket is successfully launched , the parachutes are to open at the same time , "  providing the drag necessary to slow the descent of the huge solid rocket motor for a soft landing in the ocean , " the agency says on its Web site . The two parts of the rocket are to separate at about 130,000 feet . The top of the rocket , known as the upper stage , includes a mock Orion crew capsule and a launch abort system . The upper stage will continue its ascent until gravity forces its return to Earth , after which it will fall into the Atlantic Ocean . The launch comes at a critical time , when NASA is waiting for President Obama to decide future funding for the agency . An independent committee reviewing the future of space flight recently reported that the U.S. space program appears to be pursuing goals that exceed current funding . The committee also recommended to the White House that funding for NASA 's under-construction international space station should be extended until 2020 . CNN 's Kim Segal and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : "  One of the most beautiful rocket launches I 've ever seen , " says launch director Ares l-X rocket heads into space at 11:30 a.m. ET Weather delayed launch Tuesday at Kennedy Space Center Eventual goal with Ares I-X program is return to the moon
CNN  -- A week ago , on feel-good Super Bowl Sunday , TV viewers in the U.S. state of Michigan were subjected to a racist campaign ad sponsored by former Representative and now-Senatorial candidate Pete Hoekstra . The ad , which suggests that his opponent , U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow , spends too much government money , shows an Asian woman riding a bicycle in a landscape of rice paddies . "  Your economy get very weak . Ours get very good . We take your jobs , " says the native Californian actress in a mock Chinese accent while addressing "  Debbie Spend-It-Now . " Hoekstra also appears , saying at the end , "  I approve this message . " Public condemnation ensued , with demands for an apology and the ad 's removal . It 's not the first time that China , or any connections to China , have been used to stoke fear this U.S. election season . In early January , a group in support of Republican presidential hopeful Ron Paul released a campaign ad slamming then-candidate Jon Huntsman , the former ambassador to China . The "  China Jon " ad showed Huntsman speaking Chinese and wearing a red tikka on his forehead  a sacred mark associated with Hinduism  and questioned his adoption of girls from China and India . "  Jon Huntsman : American Values ? " the ad asks , calling him "  The Manchurian candidate , " "  Weak on China ? " with ostensibly Chinese music in the background . Paul denounced the ad , telling CNN he had no control over his supporters ' actions . Then on Thursday , a U.S. Marine sergeant was found not guilty of hazing Lance Cpl. Harry Lew , who committed suicide last April in Afghanistan . A Marine Corps report revealed that Lew had been beaten by his superiors with sand poured in his mouth for falling asleep while on duty . Another Marine was sentenced to 30 days in jail and demoted ; a third faces court-martial over the death . Lew 's case along with that of Pvt. Danny Chen , who was found dead in October from an apparent suicide , have spurred Asian American members of Congress to demand hearings on hazing in the military . Chen , the only Chinese American soldier in his unit in Afghanistan , was called "  gook , " "  chink " and "  dragon lady , " forced to crawl on gravel while fellow troops threw rocks at him , and made to shout instructions in Chinese to fellow troops  no one else in his unit spoke Chinese  . The Asian American civil rights group OCA has met with Pentagon officials to demand better treatment of Asians in the military . Against all of this , Jeremy Lin , a Harvard grad and the NBA 's first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent , has vaulted himself to stardom . On Saturday , Lin led the Knicks to their fifth straight victory . His 109 points in his first four starts this past week have surpassed Allen Iverson 's to become the most by any player since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976 . Read about Linsanity vs. Tebowmania For those who 've been following the campaign ad controversies as well as the Lew and Chen cases , Lin 's meteoric rise has been a much-needed sign of hope . But the conversations on Facebook , in bars and living rooms are as diverse as the Asian American community itself . Some are pumped up about seeing an Asian face next to Kobe Bryant 's or moved by Lin 's public devotion to Christianity . Others are analyzing Lin 's academic and athletic prowess and thinking about the role model he 'll be for their children . Jeremy Lin : The NBA 's breath of fresh air Lin himself has been candid about the racism he 's encountered along the way . "  It 's a sport for white and black people , " he told the San Francisco Chronicle in 2008 . "  You do n't get respect for being an Asian-American basketball player in the U.S. ... I hear everything . ` Go back to China . Orchestra is on the other side of campus . Open up your eyes . ' " Read how Lin has a shot at basketball immortality Unfortunately , success does n't stamp out racism . Minutes after Lin 's breathtaking career-high 38-point performance against the LA Lakers Friday night , FoxSports.com national columnist Jason Whitlock tweeted "  Some lucky lady in NYC is gon na feel a couple inches of pain tonight . " After condemnation by the Asian American Journalists Association , he tweeted an apology , acknowledging that he had "  debased a feel-good sports moment . For that , I 'm truly sorry . " Almost exactly a decade ago , some of us remember similar knocks against a certain 7 ' 6 " new kid on the block . USA Today ran a column by Jon Saraceno in 2002 saying , "  the -LSB- Rockets -RSB- franchise could wind up with egg foo yong all over its face " and "  What happens the first time a bona fide NBA strongman , say Shaquille O'Neal , whacks -LSB- Yao Ming -RSB- in the chopsticks ? " Just this past week , a Manchester United fan , Howard Hobson , was banned from matches for three years and fined 200 pounds  US $ 315  for cursing and making monkey sounds at Stoke City 's Kenwyne Jones , who is from Trinidad . To be fair , Lin and other minority athletes today have not been subjected to the level of racism that African American sports pioneers faced before them . Jesse Owens was a great American athlete who prevailed despite being born into an officially and unofficially racist society . The African American track star , who had to live in off-campus segregated housing at Ohio State University , went on to win four gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Germany , much to the dismay of Adolf Hitler . Three-quarters of a century later , there are those who want to leave race out of the equation altogether and embrace minority athletes , actors and other pioneers for their skills alone rather than their skin color . "  Many people want the debate to end , " says Laurens Grant , the director and producer of "  Jesse Owens , " a forthcoming PBS documentary . "  But the debate is n't settled . It wo n't end until there 's more opportunity . " Many of us have been lucky enough to escape the burn of bullying and racism . We might have walked through our schoolyards without hearing taunts from fellow students . We might have gotten the promotions we deserved at work . Our perfect American English may have averted giggles and impatience . We may have served in the armed forces without being treated any differently from fellow troops . And we might have been lucky enough to escape the perpetrators of hate crimes , like the laid-off Detroit autoworkers who in 1982 beat Vincent Chin , a Chinese American , to death with a baseball bat after his bachelor party because they were bitter about competition from Japanese carmakers . Such xenophobic sentiment gets eerily stirred up by ads like the ones attacking Sen. Stabenow and Jon Huntsman . Hopefully one day , Americans of Asian descent will no longer be seen as foreigners , economic competition or anything less than equal Americans . Until then , race matters , whether we like it or not . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ling Woo Liu .	China -- and connections to it -- have been used to stoke fear in U.S. election , Liu writes Two deaths have spurred Asian American lawmakers to demand hearings on hazing in military Against all of this , Jeremy Lin has vaulted himself to stardom , Liu writes He is the NBA 's first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent
Washington  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama steps in front of cameras Wednesday , he 'll be addressing a nation that 's simultaneously war-weary and ready for more military action against ISIS ; critical of Obama 's handling of the crisis yet largely supportive of his commitment to keep combat troops out . Those currents of public opinion , however convoluted , will shape how Obama frames his strategy for "  degrading and ultimately defeating " the Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria , which Americans now believe pose a real threat and must be combated . Here 's what the polling suggests Americans are listening for when Obama speaks Wednesday : What 's your plan ? When Obama admitted to reporters his administration lacked a strategy for combating ISIS in Syria , Americans largely agreed with him . More than two-thirds said in CNN 's most recent survey the President lacked a clear plan for dealing with the militant jihadists . Countering that perception will be Obama 's main challenge on Wednesday , and aides say he 'll point to both the ongoing U.S. effort in Iraq and new efforts to train and equip local forces as evidence of a clear plot to go after the terrorists . He 's open to airstrikes in Syria , officials say , and wants a broad coalition of allied countries to back him up . That puts him in agreement with the nearly three quarters of Americans who say they 're ready for a broader air campaign to defeat ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Certain specifics of the Obama plan , however , may be hard to come by -- on Tuesday , the White House said Obama would offer neither a timeline for his strategy in defeating ISIS nor a price tag . "  I would n't expect something that 's quite that detailed , " Press Secretary Josh Earnest said . "  But the President is very interested in communicating clearly with the American public about what our priorities are and what our plans include . " Analysts say whatever strategy Obama announces -- be it airstrikes , broader training , or both -- must have a clearly articulated goal . "  The biggest mistake would be not presenting a strategy that 's decisive , " said retired CENTCOM commander Anthony Zinni . "  I think he has to clearly lay out what the objectives are . If it 's the destruction of ISIS , that has significant meaning . " Obama : U.S. to "  start going on some offense " Is ISIS a threat in the United States ? Americans are worried about ISIS -- two-thirds told CNN in a poll the group posed a very or fairly serious threat . The White House agrees , saying the Islamic militants could threaten "  core American interests . " But as recently as Tuesday , the White House maintained ISIS had no current plans to attack the U.S. at home . "  There is no evidence to indicate that ISIL right now is actively plotting to hit the homeland , " Earnest said , using the administration 's name for the terror group . "  It is important for people to understand that . " So without a specific looming threat , Americans will want to hear the President 's reasoning for ramping up U.S. military effort against the group -- particularly after the rhetoric used to begin the last war in Iraq turned out to be false . A majority of Americans do say they were upset by the ISIS beheadings of Americans journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , and Obama has warned of Western-born foreign fighters who have the potential to return to the U.S. to stage terror plots . The timing of the speech -- on the eve of the September 11 attack anniversary -- will only serve to remind Americans of how terrorism can hit at home , even as federal officials maintain there 's no current risk of attacks from ISIS . And while terrorism still ranks well below the economy as the issue most important to Americans , it is rising in standing . Just two years ago only 3 % of Americans said it was their top issue ; now 14 % say it 's what they care most about . Analysis : ISIS threat to U.S. mostly ` hype ' Why not have Congress approve ? When Obama was last considering airstrikes in Syria -- one year ago following President Bashar al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons on civilians -- he scrapped his plans when it became clear Congress was n't on board . This time around things are different . Any action Obama announces Wednesday night wo n't require authorization from Congress , the White House announced , though they 're still looking for support from lawmakers . The past 12 months in Syria have created a new dynamic . It 's now clear al-Assad is n't leaving power , having turned over his chemical weapons to international control . The terror groups that Obama predicted would gain a foothold in Syria have . And Congress is now closer to midterm elections in which a vote for broad military power could be politically harmful . That means the President will use his existing powers to go after the jihadist group which now controls land spanning the border between Iraq and Syria . The current air campaign in Iraq relies on Obama 's ability to order strikes that protect American interests and help alleviate potential humanitarian crises . Airstrikes against ISIS in Syria , an option Obama is open to , would require those parameters to be broadened -- and that will require some explaining to the American people . CNN 's poll showed a large majority -- 72 % of Americans -- want Congress to sign off on new military force against ISIS . But even some lawmakers themselves are n't so sure . The top Democrats in Congress -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi -- both said they agreed with the White House decision to forgo Congressional approval . Related : CNN Poll finds most Americans alarmed by ISIS Are U.S. troops heading in ? The short answer is no . Obama , having been elected to office partly on his pledge to draw down the American combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan , has adamantly maintained he wo n't be sending American troops back into war . "  You also can not , over the long term or even the medium term , deal with this problem by having the United States serially occupy various countries all around the Middle East . We do n't have the resources . It puts enormous strains on our military . And at some point , we leave . And then things blow up again , " he told NBC News last week . "  We 've got to have a more sustainable strategy , which means the boots on the ground have to be Iraqi . ... And in Syria , the boots on the ground have to be Syrian . " But there is an asterisk . A few hundred American troops are on the ground in Iraq to advise and help the military there . Such cooperation would be extremely difficult in Syria , where the President called long ago for the ouster of President Bashar al-Assad .	President Obama will lay out his plan to deal with ISIS in Iraq and Syria CNN 's poll suggests Americans are alarmed at the prospect of a terror attack But the public does not support putting American troops on the ground It is unlikely Congress will need to vote to authorize military action
CNN  -- The man who authorities accused of assaulting the 2-year-old son of NFL player Adrian Peterson now faces a murder charge . State prosecutors released a grand jury indictment Monday that charges Joseph Robert Patterson with second-degree murder . The new charge comes more than a week after the death of the Minnesota Vikings running back 's son , who was living with his mother in South Dakota . Patterson , the 27-year-old boyfriend of the toddler 's mother , is accused of recklessly causing "  serious bodily injury to the child , " according to the indictment . He also faces charges of first-degree manslaughter , aggravated battery of an infant and abuse or cruelty to a minor . Authorities have said that the child suffered injuries to his head consistent with abuse . "  Patterson will be booked under the new charges and will be arraigned in the near future , " the Lincoln County Office of the state 's attorney said in a statement Monday . Peterson returned to the field last week . In a text to a Fox Sports reporter , Peterson said he decided to play again for the same reason he participated in the NFL 's skills testing event for potential draft picks a day after his brother died in 2007 . "  God wants good to come from it , " he told "  NFL on FOX " sideline reporter Laura Okmin in a text before the game Sunday . He tweeted thanks to fellow players , some of whom had taken to the social network to defend his decision to play . "  The NFL is a fraternity of brothers and I am thankful for the tweets , phone calls and text messages from my fellow players , " he tweeted after his son 's death . After the game last Sunday , Peterson 's teammate , tight end Kyle Rudolph , praised Peterson 's determination and heart . "  I ca n't imagine , you know , the heavy heart that he had today , being out on the field , " Rudolph said . "  But he spoke to us right before the game , right before he took the field and said he was going to give it his all , for all four quarters , and that 's exactly what he did . " "  He said , ` I 'm going to give it my all , and I expect you guys to do the same , ' " Rudolph said . "  For a guy like that , how can you not ? "	Minnesota Viking Adrian Peterson 's son died earlier this month An indictment accuses Joseph Robert Patterson of second-degree murder Prosecutors say he will be booked on new charges and arraigned He is accused of causing "  serious bodily injury to the child "
CNN  -- If Saturday is any indication , Borussia Dortmund wo n't miss Mario Gotze . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang , brought in to beef up the attack after Gotze was sold to rival Bayern Munich , netted a hat-trick on his Bundesliga debut as the league and Champions League runner-up began by beating Augsburg 4-0 . If he continues to impress , his $ 17 million transfer fee -- Aubameyang joined from Saint-Etienne in July -- will be considered a bargain . The Gabon international finished second in goals in Ligue 1 last season and was fifth in assists . He opened the scoring with a header in the first half and added two right-foot finishes in the second to become the sixth player to register a hat-trick in his Bundesliga opener . He thus stole the spotlight from sought after striker Robert Lewandowski , although the Pole contributed by setting up Aubameyang 's third effort and completed the rout against the relegation contenders from the penalty spot . Dortmund 's higher profile summer signing , midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan , missed the game against Augsburg because of a lingering ankle injury . "  Aubameyang was used to great effect , " Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp told reporters . "  I am not surprised about what he has to offer , only the fact that most of his shots went in . "  It 's a very good start from us . " Dortmund is seeking to reclaim the Bundesliga crown from Bayern Munich , which raced to the 2012/2013 title in record time by clinching top spot in early April . Bayern Munich beat Dortmund 2-1 thanks to a late goal in an entertaining Champions League final in May and completed the treble by capturing the German Cup a week later . Under new boss Pep Guardiola , Bayern lost the German Super Cup 4-2 to Dortmund but began the new Bundesliga campaign with a 3-1 home victory Friday against Borussia Moenchengladbach . Newly promoted Hertha Berlin outdid Dortmund by scoring six goals in a 6-1 hammering of Eintracht Frankfurt , which finished sixth last term . Colombian international Adrian Ramos and Tunisian international Sami Allagui each scored twice . Falcao on target In Ligue 1 , Radamel Falcao scored in his league debut as big-spending Monaco downed Bordeaux 2-0 away in its return to the top flight . Despite playing in the second tier last season , Monaco is expected to challenge for the Ligue 1 title thanks to several high-profile summer signings . Falcao was the highest profile of the bunch , arriving from Atletico Madrid in a transfer reportedly worth $ 80 million . Defending champion Paris Saint-Germain tied Montpellier 1-1 on Friday to kick off the season .	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scores three goals in Borussia Dortmund 's league opener Robert Lewandowski nets the other as part of a 4-0 win at Augsburg Newly promoted Hertha Berlin puts six goals past Eintracht Frankfurt In Ligue 1 , Radamel Falcao scores in his league debut for big-spending Monaco
CNN  -- Let 's assume you live in Utah , Hawaii or South Carolina , and you go to Nevada for a vacation . While in Las Vegas , you spend some money in the casinos . Gambling is illegal in the state where you live , so should the cops in your home state be able to track your activities and arrest you for what happened in Nevada ? The answer , needless to say , is no . Or at least it should be no . Common sense tells us that state laws should only apply to things that happen inside a state 's borders . But this sensible principle is being tossed out the window by the U.S. Senate , which has approved a proposal that would give states the ability to impose their taxes on out-of-state sellers . Many people think this is a debate about "  taxing the Internet , " but that 's a misleading characterization . If a merchant in your state makes an online sale to you or your neighbor , that seller will collect the sales tax levied by your state . And if a merchant in another state makes an online sale to you or your neighbor , that seller is subject to any taxes imposed by the state where it is based . But some governors and state legislators do n't like this system because many states do n't bother imposing any tax on sales to out-of-state consumers . And even if states levied taxes on sales to out-of-state consumers , what about the five states that do n't have any sales tax ? Would n't those states become "  tax havens " for Internet sales ? For these reasons , some politicians fret that the Internet will put competitive pressure on them to keep their sales tax rates from getting too high . These concerns are overblown . People generally shop online because of convenience , not tax savings . But it 's also a good thing when states are forced to compete with each other . States with no payroll income taxes , such as Nevada , Florida , Tennessee , Texas and New Hampshire , help restrain the greed of politicians in states that have punitive income tax systems , such as California , Illinois , New York and Massachusetts . And if politicians in the high-tax states refuse to adjust their bad tax policies , then people should have the freedom to escape and earn income in other states . The same principle applies to sales taxes . If politicians in , say , Arizona are worried that consumers will go online or travel across the border to avoid the punitive sales tax , then they should reduce their sales tax rate . Politicians can choose to maintain uncompetitive tax systems , of course , but they also should be prepared to accept the consequences . I do n't think California and Illinois should try to become the France and Greece of America , but that 's something for the voters of those states to figure out for themselves . In any event , they should n't have the right to force out-of-state sellers to act as deputy tax collection officials if they decide to impose bad tax policy . But this debate is n't just about tax policy and the proper limits of state government power . The bill still must go through the U.S. House , where the GOP is divided on the issue . If politicians in Washington approve the so-called Marketplace Fairness Act , they 'll not only be authorizing extraterritorial tax enforcement , they 'll also be setting in motion the creation of a database that will erode privacy for consumers and create opportunities for identity theft . This is because the legislation only can be enforced if governments set up some sort of system for tracking where consumers live , what they buy and how much it costs . With 9,600 sales tax jurisdictions in the United States  cities and counties also impose sales taxes  , this is a compliance nightmare . And it means that your personal and financial details will be collected and stored in a database that will be a magnet for criminals and hackers from all over the world . To be blunt , a sales tax cartel is bad news for tax policy and bad news for privacy . Let 's limit the power of state governments so they can only screw up things inside their own borders . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel J. Mitchell .	The Senate approved of a bill that will require online retailers to collect sales taxes Daniel Mitchell : State laws should only apply to things inside a state 's borders He says some politicians fear that without Internet sales tax , consumers can find havens Mitchell : We need competition between states ; we do n't need a sales tax cartel
New York  CNN  -- A New York man accused in an alleged terrorist plot pleaded guilty Thursday to lying to federal agents . Ahmad Wais Afzali , a Muslim cleric and funeral director from the New York borough of Queens , was one of the first people charged in what authorities have described as a plot to detonate bombs on New York subways . Afzali was accused of lying about whether he tipped off suspect Najibullah Zazi that the FBI had been asking questions about his activities . Zazi subsequently pleaded guilty to conspiring to detonate explosives in the United States . On Thursday , Afzali told the court that police had asked him to help provide information about Zazi and two other suspects , Adis Medujanian , and Zarein Ahmedzay . He said he knew Zazi and Medujanian fairly well from when they were teenagers and attended his mosque for prayers and to play volleyball . "  The police interest in these men led me to believe that they were involved in some criminal activity , but I had no idea of its seriousness , " Afzali said Thursday , at times choking up during his statement . He said he called Zazi on September 11 , 2009 , a day after he was contacted by authorities . "  I told him that our phone call was being monitored . I told Zazi , ` Do n't get involved in Afghanistan garbage and Iraq garbage , that 's my advice to you . ' " "  On September 13 ... I was interrogated by FBI agents for the first time . I believed that the FBI was angry at me for calling Zazi , " he added . "  When I was asked whether I had told Zazi about law enforcement being interested in him , I lied and said I did not . My intention was not to protect Zazi , but to protect myself . " He admitted to repeating the lie during another interview with prosecutors a few days later . "  In doing so , I failed to live up to my obligation to this country , my community , my family , and my religion . I am truly sorry . " Afzali 's plea deal reduced the charge from lying to federal agents "  during the course of a terror investigation " -- which carries a maximum sentence of eight years in prison . The basic charge of lying to feds carries a maximum sentence of five years . His plea deal recommends that Afzali be sentenced anywhere from zero to six months in prison . His sentencing hearing was tentatively scheduled for April 8 . Under the terms of the agreement , Afzali agreed to leave the United States within 90 days of completing any sentence he receives . Before entering his plea , the 38-year-old imam placed a scarf down on the floor outside the courtroom and prayed . He later told reporters that he "  just signed his death sentence " by accepting the plea deal , saying he did n't want to the leave the United States . Afzali is a native of Afghanistan , but has no idea where he will go upon leaving the United States "  I hardly speak my own language , " he said . Afzali also said he is concerned for his health ; he has diabetes and is anemic , and said his wife has a pelvic tumor . "  I was helping the government and this is what I get , " Afzali said . The two others suspects in the case , Ahmedzay and Medunjanin , pleaded not guilty in February to new charges of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction against persons or property in the United States , as well as several other counts . The two had previously faced lesser charges . Prosecutors say the two 25-year-old U.S. citizens and residents of Queens conspired with Zazi "  to attack the New York subway system in mid-September 2009 . " CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Ahmad Wais Afzali admits that he lied about alerting bomb suspect to investigation The Muslim cleric says he lied about warning Najibullah Zazi "  to protect myself " Plea deal recommends zero to six months , immediate deportation after time served Zazi has pleaded guilty in plot to detonate bombs on New York subways
CNN  -- "  I 've always only been interested in trying to make people laugh , " Conan O'Brien told Piers Morgan , "  and trying to be funny and make things that would have made me laugh , you know ? Or my brothers laugh , or my sisters laugh , or my parents laugh . That 's always been the motivation for me . " The host of TBS 's  sister station to CNN  "  Conan " is a guest on tonight 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  It starts with the family , " O'Brien told the CNN host . "  I 'm from a large Irish-Catholic family and trying , the benchmark , for me , is trying to make my dad laugh or trying to make my brothers laugh at the table when we were having meals together . " The third of six children , O'Brien and his two older brothers , one younger brother and two younger sisters grew up in the Boston suburb of Brookline , Massachusetts . O'Brien , 49 , who began doing Charlie Chaplin impersonations in the third grade , recalled wanting to take tap dance lessons as a child in the 1970s . "  I grew up on old movies , " explained O'Brien , who said he loved gangster movies and the films of Humphrey Bogart . When "  That 's Entertainment " was released in 1974 , the young O'Brien was convinced he had to know how to tap dance in order to make it in show business . "  It 's showing you what entertainment is , " recalled O'Brien . "  I thought , like an idiot in the 1970s , that that was what entertainers needed to have to know . You have to be like Donald O'Connor or Gene Kelly . You 've got to know how to sing , dance , move . You 've got to know how to do it all . " O'Brien said that his mother , a lawyer , and his father , a microbiologist , thought he was bluffing , but encouraged him to follow his dream nonetheless . "  They found me this really old African-American gentleman , " said O'Brien , "  who had been the protÃ © gÃ © of Bill "  Bojangles " Robinson . And he ... worked out of this dilapidated studio and taught all these ... people how to dance . I was the only white kid there ... Not only that , I was tiny and I had bright orange hair ... So all these beautiful black women are learning jazz , tap and all this kind of stuff and then I would march in with my box of tiny shoes ... " When Morgan pointed out that O'Brien does n't possess the "  agony " and the "  torment " that plagues a lot of successful comics , the "  Conan " host admitted that he has always grappled with insecurity . "  I was always a very hard-working student and wanted to go to a good school and worked really hard to go to a good school , " said O'Brien , who attended Harvard University . "  And then when I got there , I immediately had the fear that a lot of people have , which is , I do n't belong here . These other people know a lot more than I do . They 're smarter . I 'm the fake . I 'm the phony . And I think that is the common denominator that you see with a lot of people , whether they 're artists or performers . They do n't think that they belong . " Getting into comedy , O'Brien said , "  was a very beautiful accident , because I worked very hard at everything and I tried really hard . Comedy was something that I stumbled into when I was in college . " O'Brien soon began writing for the college humor magazine . "  It was like falling off a log and discovering what it is that I was meant to do , " he said . "  I loved it . I absolutely loved it . " After Harvard , O'Brien moved to Los Angeles and landed a sketch comedy writing gig with the then-fledgling Fox Network . The show he was writing for flopped , but O'Brien was hired shortly thereafter as a writer for "  Saturday Night Live . " After "  SNL , " Conan struck out on his own and wrote an original sitcom . The pilot fared terribly in the ratings . O'Brien then wrote for "  The Simpsons " before being selected to take over David Letterman 's spot at NBC 's "  Late Night " in 1993 . O'Brien 's string of successes and failures were the basis of his 2000 Harvard commencement address . "  I 've looked good , I 've looked bad , I 've been praised , I 've been criticized , " his speech read , "  but my mistakes have been necessary . I 've dwelled on my failure today , because as a graduate of Harvard , your biggest liability is your need to succeed , your need to always find yourself on the sweet side of the bell curve . Success is a lot like a bright white tuxedo . You feel terrific when you get it , but then you 're desperately afraid of getting it dirty , of spoiling it . " Back in 2004 , O'Brien had negotiated a contract with NBC to take over "  The Tonight Show " from Jay Leno in 2009 . "  The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien " debuted on June 1 , 2009 . But in January 2010 , NBC announced that Leno would begin hosting "  The Jay Leno Show " at 11:35 p.m. , thus pushing "  The Tonight Show 's " start time to 12:05 a.m. Unhappy with this plan , O'Brien struck a deal with NBC that permitted him to leave "  The Tonight Show , " which Leno again took over . This freed O'Brien up to negotiate with other networks , and he went to TBS . "  Conan " debuted on November 8 , 2010 and airs weeknights at 11 . "  I 'm honestly happier now ... this feels ... like a greater achievement ... because I 'm doing exactly the show I want to do . I 'm doing it with people that I love . And we get to do it our way , and we 're with these amazing partners at Turner . " O'Brien and Leno have not spoken since the "  Tonight Show " fallout . "  I just think life throws you a lot of curveballs , " said O'Brien , "  and this is something that I did n't agree with , and I thought it was pretty screwed up , but we , everyone went through it . There was this sort of collective feeling about what happened . And then you move on from it . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	As a child , Conan O'Brien 's comedy "  benchmark " was eliciting the laughter of his family "  Comedy was something that I stumbled into when I was in college , " he said O'Brien on TBS : "  I 'm doing exactly the show I want to do "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone attack killed five people early Wednesday in Pakistan 's tribal region that borders Afghanistan , two Pakistani intelligence officials said . It was the first drone strike since demonstrators marched to the border of Pakistan 's tribal region over the weekend to protest the attacks . Activists from the United States and Britain participated in the march , which was led by the cricket star turned politician Imran Khan . Opinion : Why U.S. will live to regret drone strikes Opinion : Could spread of drones mark new arms race ? Four missiles were fired Wednesday at a suspected militant hideout in the area of Mir Ali of North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of the volatile tribal region , the two intelligence officials said , requesting anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about the matter to the news media . The protest march against U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan came to a halt on Sunday when authorities used steel shipping containers and security forces to block access to the demonstration 's final destination in the tribal region . When confronted with the roadblock , Khan directed protesters to turn back , saying the march had achieved its goal of drawing attention to the controversial U.S. drone strikes . Read more : U.S. activists in Pakistan to protest drone strikes Khan has been a fierce critic of U.S. policy in Pakistan and the use of drone strikes , calling them a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and a strategy that stokes militant anger towards Washington . In recent years , the U.S. government has sharply stepped up the use of drone attacks in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region , widely believed to be a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . U.S. officials say the drone strikes are an effective strategy against militant groups and insist civilian casualties are rare . Read more : U.S. study says drones kill , traumatize too many civilians CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Four missiles are fired at a suspected militant hideout , intelligence officials say It was the first drone strike since a protest march at the weekend against the attacks The strike took place in a district of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region
Miami  CNN  -- A fire engulfed a yacht a mile off Miami Beach on Saturday , sending a thick column of black smoke into the clear blue sky before rescue crews were able to put it out , the Coast Guard said . Three people were aboard the 80-foot yacht Bliss when it caught fire around 10 a.m. , the Coast Guard said . They all jumped into the water and were rescued with no reported injuries . Crew members from the Coast Guard Cutter Sitkinak were about to board the yacht as part of a routine inspection when the fire broke out , the Coast Guard said . Boat crews from the Coast Guard 's Miami Beach station and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded and extinguished the fire . It was not immediately known what started the fire . The yacht was partially submerged Saturday afternoon and commercial salvage was being arranged to tow it back to shore , the Coast Guard said . Were you there ? Share your images , stories and videos .	An 80-foot yacht off Miami Beach catches fire The three passengers jump in the water and are rescued The fire sends a huge column of black smoke into the air
CNN  -- Travel warnings from the U.S. Department of State did n't stop Faith Hentschel , 65 , from venturing to Iran this May to visit the rustic sites in ancient Persepolis and the colorful bazaars in Tehran . A photo of Khaju Bridge in Isfahan , Iran , taken by an American traveler . "  I had no idea what to expect , " said Hentschel , who spent two weeks in Iran after booking the trip through a private tour operator and applying for a visa . "  I was stunned with the friendliness of all the Iranian people . That alone makes me want to go back . " Iran is still a relatively rare destination for Americans , creating a niche market for only a handful of tour operators across the nation that organize group trips for travelers once or twice a year . And with news of the arrest of three American backpackers , along with the June election riots and government crackdown , Iran may be an even harder sell , some travel companies said . "  It really depends on the political climate and the perception of Iran , " said Mike McDonnell , who operates the site BestIranTravel.com in San Francisco , California . The site books trips for non-Iranian travelers interested in visiting . His site saw a decline in booking travel to Iran this summer . "  It 's already really hard to get to Iran in the first place . " Officials at the U.S. Department of State say travel warnings have been implemented on Iran since the hostage crisis in 1979 , when militants captured 52 American diplomats and staff . The Americans were held for 444 days . Since then , the two countries have had no diplomatic relations . U.S. passports are valid for travel to Iran and visas are required to enter the country , according to the State Department Web site . Going with an organized tour group is the easiest way to attain a visa . Travelers who do visit Iran run the risk of being denied entry , U.S. officials say . In some cases , Iranian officials have prevented American citizens , academics , scientists and journalists from leaving the country , and even detained , interrogated and imprisoned some on unknown or various charges , the Web site said . "  It 's made well-known that the destination -LSB- Iran -RSB- could be perilous for American citizens , " said Darby Holladay , spokesman at the State Department . Last week , three Americans were detained after crossing into northern Iran during a hiking trip . The two men and one woman , said to be seasoned travelers , began their trip in Turkey and went into Iraq before crossing the unmarked border into Iran . The U.S. State Department and the Australian and British government warn against traveling into the border zones . "  Obviously , we are concerned , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday to reporters . "  We want this matter brought to a resolution as soon as possible . " Mudhafer Mohammed , owner of the Miwan Hotel , told CNN that the hikers said they had come to the area because they heard it was safe . Mohammed said he tried to discourage them from going to Ahmed Awa , a popular tourist destination in the northern Kurdish region of Iraq . "  I told them , ` Do n't go there because it is unsafe for you because you 're American and Ahmed Awa is very close to the Iranian border , ' " Mohammed told CNN . It is unclear whether the three wandered into Iran accidentally or intentionally entered the country . Pauline Frommer , creator of the Pauline Frommer 's Travel Guides , said it 's safer when visiting countries in conflict to use travel companies and tour operators that rely on local accommodations and guides . She warned against staying in big hotel chains , which have been targets in recent terrorist attacks in Indonesia and India . "  When it 's an iffy destination , it 's always a good idea to try and travel under the radar , " she said . "  You do n't want to be a target . " Despite worries about safety , demand for visiting Iran has grown in recent years . Last May , travel writer Rick Steves shot a 10-day video of his visit to Iran in a one-hour special that launched on PBS . The project cleared up misconceptions about Iran and sparked Americans ' interest in traveling there , travel experts said . At Geographic Expeditions , a luxury travel company that organizes trips to Iran , the number of participants doubled from 25 in 2007 to 50 in 2008 . Spiekermann Travel Service , Inc. , one of the oldest travel agencies that specializes in Iranian travel , has booked more than 350 tours to the country since it began operating there in 1995 . "  My path is known , " said Ihab Zaki , owner of Spiekermann , which is based in Michigan . He said he began offering tours after he visited the country himself and was awed by its history and art . "  We send all our paperwork to local governments and they know we are coming . I do n't let my people roam around in the middle of nowhere . It 's very safe . " But the recent uncertainty in Iran has caused interest to wane . Spiekermann 's bi-annual trips to Iran , limited to 14 travelers , usually sell out . But only four have signed up for the fall trip . Far Horizons Archaeological & Cultural Trips , Inc. in San Anselmo , California planned a second trip to Iran for October after their first trip in May sold out . But owner Mary Dell Lucas said the trip maybe be canceled because travelers are withdrawing . "  What 's happening most recently is scaring people , " she said . "  Those three Americans made a mistake , but with us , it 's very different . We are taking a group , and we are invited . " Lucas ' firm and other tour companies say they take precautions . Participants are required to abide by Iranian law , which means women must dress conservatively and cover their heads with scarves . A professor and a local guide , who are familiar with the country , accompany the American travelers . Barbara Bailey , a 73-year-old from rural Ohio , went on a two-week vacation to Iran last April with a tour group . Her favorite part of the trip was talking to the Iranian women at the local restaurants . "  I went because nobody has really been before , and I know they have a wonderful history , " Bailey said . "  If you can get past the government , the people there are great . " If travelers ca n't afford to spend between $ 6,000 and $ 10,000 on organized excursions of two or three weeks and decide to backpack , they still need to follow the rules , said Jon Dorn , editor in chief of Backpackers Magazine . "  If you 're going to a place that 's not like America , then do your homework on what 's appropriate , " said Dorn . Backpackers Magazine , an online and print publication specializing in backpacking , hiking and travel , reaches 2.5 million readers in the U.S. Dave Stevenson , who oversees the Web site www.travel-security-and-safety.com , said hikers should be equipped with GPS systems , satellite or cell phones and maps when traveling in border areas , especially in conflict zones . They should also notify relatives back home where they are hiking abroad . "  The world is a big place , " Stevenson said , "  And there are always plenty of places to hike that are n't dangerous or war zones . " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Three American hikers were detained last week by Iranian officials A handful of tour operators provide tours for Americans to visit Iran A U.S. passport is valid in Iran ; visitors need a visa Travel warnings for Iran have been in place since the 1979 hostage crisis
Afghan President Hamid Karzai says he has received assurances from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency 's station chief in Kabul that it will continue delivering cash , as it has for the past decade , to his offices . "  Yes , we received cash from the CIA for the past 10 years . It was very useful , and we are very thankful for this aid , " the president said during a news conference Saturday in Kabul . "  Yesterday , I thanked the CIA 's chief in Kabul and I requested their continued help , and they promised that they will continue . " Karzai 's comments follow last week 's report by The New York Times that the CIA has been dropping off shopping bags full of money every month or so for more than a decade to the offices of the Afghan president . "  This is not unusual , " he told reporters , adding that the money was spent by his office and the national security office for a variety of purposes , including paying salaries , helping the war wounded and providing scholarships . Karzai dismissed questions about why such money , not in state coffers , was needed for what he described as government expenses . "  This is the choice of the American government , " he said . Karzai 's statements on Saturday appeared to be meant to mollify a growing outcry over the revelation of the CIA payments , which has raised questions about whether the money undercut efforts to quell corruption in Afghanistan . The United States has previously criticized what officials have described as rampant corruption within the Afghan government . Nearly three years ago , reports surfaced that the CIA was making payments to a number of Karzai 's family members , even as his key adviser and a number of ministers were being investigated for corruption . In the latest allegation of CIA payments in Afghanistan , the New York Times , which cited unnamed U.S. , European and Afghan officials , reported that the cash payments ranged from hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars . It said the payments were used from everything from payoffs for lawmakers and warlord to paying for "  informal negotiations . " The report did not say how much money had been provided to Karzai 's office . As a matter of routine , the CIA does not comment on its operations . The agency did not return a call from CNN seeking comment . Karzai also disputed claims that his office received cash from MI6 , the British intelligence agency . He acknowledged MI6 gave money to other organizations in Afghanistan , but he did not identify them .	President Hamid Karzai said he met with the CIA station chief in Kabul Karzai says the CIA has been delivering cash to his office for 10 years He says he was assured by the CIA that aid will continue
CNN  -- On Wednesday , President Obama took a meaningful step toward reshaping our nuclear arsenal in line with the reality of 21st-century security priorities . Standing at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin , he announced that he would seek negotiated cuts with Russia of up to one-third of strategic nuclear weapons as well as address the issue of nuclear weapons stationed in Europe . But we must understand that these proposed reductions are significant only if they are part of an ongoing effort to eliminate nuclear weapons altogether . If they serve to legitimize the indefinite retention of nuclear weapons at an "  acceptable " level , the specter of nuclear catastrophe will continue to haunt humanity , for arsenals of this reduced size would still inflict unimaginable destruction across the planet . A study by Physicians for Social Responsibility  PDF  showed that if only 300 warheads in the Russian arsenal got through to targets in American cities , 75 million to 100 million people would be killed in the first 30 minutes by the explosions and firestorms that would destroy all of our major metropolitan areas , and vast areas would be blanketed with radioactive fallout . In addition , the entire economic infrastructure , on which we depend to sustain our population , would be destroyed . The transportation system , the communications network , the public health and banking systems , the food distribution network -- all would be gone . In the months after this war , it is probable that the vast majority of the American population who were not killed in the initial attack would die of starvation , exposure , epidemic disease and radiation poisoning . Even with Obama 's proposed reductions in nuclear weapons , the United States and Russia would each continue to possess more than triple the nuclear weapons required to cause that devastating scenario But as unimaginable as these direct consequences would be , the effects throughout the world would be even worse . A recent study by Robock , Oman and Stenchikov  PDF  showed that a nuclear war , even with the reduced numbers Obama has proposed , would cause catastrophic global climate disruption  PDF  . The firestorms started by these nuclear explosions would loft 50 million to 100 million tons of soot into the upper atmosphere , blocking out the sun . In a matter of days , temperatures around the world would plummet by as much as 20 degrees centigrade -- 36 degrees Fahrenheit -- in the agricultural regions in the interior of continents . The result would be a catastrophic failure of crops throughout the world and a global famine that could claim a majority of the human population . The existential threat to human civilization that nuclear weapons would still pose does not mean these proposed reductions are not useful . On the contrary , they are a critically important step to reduce the nuclear danger , and it is essential that we implement them as rapidly as possible . But we ca n't stop there . This effort must lead to multilateral negotiations involving all nuclear weapons states , negotiations that will produce a nuclear weapons convention banning these weapons once and for all . These negotiations will not be easy , and the treaty they produce will have to be a hard-nosed agreement that establishes mechanisms to verify and enforce compliance . But we do n't have an alternative . Some say it is unrealistic to think we can eliminate nuclear weapons . But in truth , it is unrealistic to think we can maintain nuclear arsenals indefinitely and still avoid a nuclear conflict . The Cuban Missile Crisis 51 years ago brought us to the brink of nuclear catastrophe . Further , we know of at least five occasions since 1979 when either Washington or Moscow prepared to launch a nuclear war in the mistaken belief that they were themselves under attack . The most recent near miss that we know about was in January 1995 , a full five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall . On each of these occasions we were incredibly luck and a national security strategy based on luck is not a wise course of action . As long as there are arsenals of nuclear weapons , we are living on borrowed time . We owe it to our children to eliminate them from the world , and we should start by implementing the modest proposals made by Obama in Berlin this week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ira Helfand and Alan Robock .	President Obama will seek cuts with Russia of up to one-third of nuclear weapons Writers : No such thing as "  acceptable " level ; even lesser amount could obliterate humanity Writers : 300 warheads would kill 100 million ; the rest would die from starvation , poisoning We can not maintain nuclear arsenals indefinitely and still avoid a nuclear war , they say
CNN  -- Was there ever any doubt ? When it mattered most , the man which this Brazilian team 's quest may depend on , delivered once again . Neymar , the face of this World Cup , scored his fourth goal in three games to book his country a date with destiny and Chile in Belo Horizonte on Saturday . The 22-year-old , for so long hailed as the savior of Brazilian football , has not disappointed at a time where the likes of Portugal 's World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo have flattered to deceive . While Lionel Messi has rescued Argentina , Neymar 's 35th goal in 52 international appearances gives an insight into how crucial his role is likely to be in the next few weeks should Brazil go all the way . His two goals and further strikes from the much maligned Fred and substitute Fernandinho ensured Brazil claimed a 4-1 win over Cameroon and secured top spot in Group A. Mexico , which defeated Croatia 3-1 , took second place and will now face the Netherlands in Fortaleza on Sunday . But the night belonged to Neymar -- the man who scored the 100th goal of this tournament in his country 's 100th match World Cup match . Brazil will need its talisman to provide his magic once again when it meets Chile , a team which it knocked out of the tournament four years ago in South Africa . Jorge Sampaoli 's men will represent a far more difficult proposition than a Cameroon side which briefly threatened to cause embarrassment by drawing level at 1-1 . But Neymar , having already netted the opener , then took charge by scoring his side 's second and guiding Brazil home . Cameroon , thrashed 4-0 in its previous game by Croatia and already out of the tournament , was hardly supposed to represent the most difficult of challenges . Leading through Neymar 's 17th minute strike , Brazil allowed Cameroon back into the contest as its cumbersome defending was once again exposed . Just minutes after Joel Matip 's header had been deflected onto the crossbar , Cameroon leveled to silence those packed inside the Arena Pernambuco . Allan Nyom escaped down the right and after beating the non-existent challenge of Dani Alves , crossed for Matip to tap home from close range . Suddenly , from a carnival of color and celebration , a dark cloud hung over Brazil 's World Cup dream . But any negativity was soon washed away by a rampant yellow swagger which ripped through the very heart of the Cameroon defense . Neymar , the chief tormentor , was afforded far too much room and after leading the defenders a samba-like dance , he unleashed a fine effort which wrongfooted the goalkeeper . Suddenly Brazil was rampant . Neymar threatened a third when his powerful effort was tipped away by Charles Itandje , while Hulk failed to hit the target after a wonderful flowing move . The interval offered little respite for Cameroon and within five minutes it fell further behind when the previously luckless Fred converted David Luiz 's cross to net his first goal of the tournament . Fernandinho , the Manchester City midfielder , added a fourth with six minutes remaining to ensure Brazil finished top on goal difference from Mexico . "  Maybe we tried to hurry things a bit too much early on , when we scored our first goal and let anxiety get to us , " Brazil 's coach Luiz Felipe Scolari said after the match . "  We need to show more calm and composure . Fortunately we ironed out some flaws at half-time and after the break we used the ball better again . " El Tri had threatened to usurp the host nation at the top of the table after putting Croatia to the sword in Recife . After a goalless first half , Rafael Marquez , the first man to captain his country at four World Cups , headed Mexico in front with 18 minutes remaining . Andres Guardado rounded off a slick counter attack soon after to double his side 's advantage before Manchester United star Javier Hernandez added a third . It was a just reward for Mexico , which hit the crossbar in the first half and was denied what appeared to be a blatant penalty with the game still goalless . "  We 'll  have a few more great days yet , " Miguel Herrera , the Mexico manager said . "  There is still room for improvement . We stayed calm and maintained our focus , that was the key to success . " Croatia , which could have qualified with a victory , pulled a goal back through Ivan Perisic but was then reduced to 10 men when Ante Rebic was sent off . Mexico will now face a Dutch side which won all three of its group games and reached the final in South Africa four years ago .	Brazil defeats Cameroon to seal top spot in Group A Host will now take on Chile in last 16 on Saturday Mexico defeats Croatia 3-1 to claim second place Mexico faces Netherlands in knockout phase
ALBANY , New York  CNN  -- Nick , 16 , says ecstasy is rampant in his high school , with kids often mixing the drug with meth and other substances . More than half of all ecstasy seized in the United States last year was laced with meth , authorities say . "  You just have to know the right person . It 's about as easy as any other drug . You just got ta ask for it , " says Nick , who asked that his last name not be used . "  It 's easy to get . " Law enforcement officials say stories like these highlight a disturbing trend they 're seeing across the country . Most alarming , they say , is not only is ecstasy back after years of decline , but most of the time it 's laced with meth . More than 55 percent of the ecstasy samples seized in the United States last year contained meth , according to the Office of National Drug Control Policy , compared with 44.5 percent the previous year . And the drugs are coming in at rapid pace from Canada . Watch ecstasy 's pipeline into U.S. " Almost 5.5 million pills of ecstasy were seized in the states bordering Canada in 2006  the most recent year for which full statistics are available  -- an almost tenfold increase since 2003 , top drug enforcement officials say . "  They drive them in . They bring them in by boat . They bring them in by plane . They bring them across by people just carrying them across their back much like the southwest border , " says Ed Duffy , an assistant special agent in charge for the Drug Enforcement Administration 's northern region . Because meth is less expensive than ecstasy , mixing the two saves producers money , but it also makes it more dangerous , officials say . Ecstasy can cause sharp increases in body temperature and can result in liver , kidney or heart damage . When laced with meth , officials say , the combination can cause more severe harm because meth can damage brain functions , as well as lead to an increase in breathing , irregular heartbeats and increased blood pressure . The National Institute on Drug Abuse says meth -- or methamphetamine -- is a "  very addictive stimulant drug . " Law enforcement officials say European countries cracked down on ecstasy production in the early 2000s and manufacturing moved to Canada . And now , Asian gangs in Canada have been smuggling the chemicals needed to make ecstasy from China and India , officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police tell CNN . Finished pills are then pushed in vast quantities into the United States , a flow that 's difficult to stop because of the vast , largely unpoliced border , officials say . Those on the front lines in Canada and the United States say they are working closely and sharing intelligence to try to stem the flow . Canadian officials also say they have a good relationship with Chinese law enforcement . The Mounties have created teams across Canada focused on identifying the criminal organizations producing ecstasy and meth and say they have shut down 17 labs in the past year . "  The labs that we 're finding now are what you refer to in the United States as super labs . We call them economic-based labs , " says Raf Souccar , assistant commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Each lab produces more than 10 pounds of ecstasy in one batch , he says . "  It 's not your mom and pop operation . It tells me that it is criminal organizations that are , yes , more sophisticated and producing it for profit as opposed to producing it to fuel their habit . " It 's then finding its way into schools , like Nick 's in Albany , New York . "  I have been seeing an increase in pill use among the teens in general , " says Greg Reid , a counselor at Equinox Community Services Agency , which sponsors drug counseling and other activities for youth in Albany . "  They do something called ` pharming ' where they throw a bunch of pills into a bowl and kind of choose or take out the pills they want . " Ecstasy pills are often among the drugs of choice in the bowl . "  I have seen that increase in the past two years , " Reid says . "  Ecstasy ... can be very dangerous , especially if you do n't know what it is getting mixed with . " E-mail to a friend	More than half of all ecstasy seized in U.S. in 2007 was laced with meth Teen in Albany , New York , says , "  It 's easy to get " Ecstasy is coming in at rapid pace from Canada , law enforcement officials say Canadian officials say gangs with ties to China and India are behind the smuggling
CNN  -- One in six mobile phones in Britain is contaminated with fecal matter , according to research made public Friday that cited poor hygiene as the cause . "  This study provides more evidence that people still do n't wash their hands properly , especially after going to the toilet , " Dr. Val Curtis of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine said in the report . In the study , researchers in 12 cities took 390 samples from mobile phones and hands , then analyzed in a laboratory what they had found . Londoners had the highest incidence of the E. coli bacteria , which are associated with fecal matter , on their hands  28 %  . The bacteria can result in food poisoning and , in extreme cases , can prove fatal . The study , which also included scientists from Queen Mary , University of London , found that Britons tend not to come clean about their hygiene practices . When surveyed , 95 % of respondents told the researchers that they washed their hands with soap where possible , but the researchers said 92 % of phones and 82 % of hands had bacteria on them . And 16 % of hands and 16 % of phones harbored the E. coli bacteria . "  People may claim they wash their hands regularly but the science shows otherwise , " said Dr. Ron Cutler , of Queen Mary , University of London . A person can transfer fecal bacteria by touching door handles , food and mobile phones and , from there , to other people . The study was funded by the Wellcome Trust .	1 in 6 mobile phones is contaminated with fecal matter , study finds More than 1 in 4 Londoners ' hands have the E. coli bacteria
CNN  -- A seventh minute goal from Brazilian teenager Alexander Pato proved enough to give AC Milan a 1-0 home victory over Fiorentina in a match totally dominated by Manchester City 's $ 150 million bid for playmaker Kaka this week . Pato  right  and David Beckham celebrate Milan 's only goal at the San Siro on Saturday evening . The goal was created by David Beckham who beat two defenders to a loose ball . He poked it back to Marek Jankulovski who played in Pato inside the penalty area . There still appeared no danger to the Fiorentina goal , but Pato hit a stunning strike from the left that went in off the far post . Fiorentina should have equalized on 66 minutes when Juan Vargas got to the byline and crossed to Mario Santana but the Argentine put his shot too close to goalkeeper Christian Abbiati who managed to save . The result leaves Milan in third place on 37 points , six points behind leaders and city rivals Inter , who have a game in hand . Jose Mourinho 's side travel to Atalanta on Sunday . Jankulovski collected a late red card for timewasting , but Milan held on to secure the three points . Meanwhile , Milan supporters made their opposition to the Kaka bid , and his possible departure , perfectly clear throughout the match -- unveiling a host of banners and singing songs pleading with the Brazilian to stay at the San Siro . Reggina remain deep in relegation trouble after suffering a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Siena . Mario Frick 's goal 15 minutes from time was enough to give the Bianconeri three points which sees them leapfrog Sampdoria and move up to the relative comfort of 14th spot . Siena in contrast , stay second from bottom and could slip to the foot of the Serie A standings if Chievo beat Napoli on Sunday .	Alexander Pato scores seventh minute goal as AC Milan defeat Fiorentina 1-0 The win puts Milan within six points of Serie A leaders and rivals Inter at top Milan supporters display displeasure at Kaka 's possible departure from club
London  CNN  -- She did n't even know she had produced one of the most dramatic goals in U.S. women 's football history until the crowd and her teammates went crazy . With the match between the United States and Canada just seconds from going to penalty kicks , American Alex Morgan outleaped a Canadian defender and headed a Heather O'Reilly cross over goalkeeper Erin McLeod to give the U.S. a thrilling 4-3 extra time victory on Monday . "  I did n't even see it go in , " Morgan said . "  I just try and be in the right position . " Three times , the Canadians took a one-goal lead , as their star Christine Sinclair scored in the 22nd , 67th and 73rd minutes . But Megan Rapinoe of the U.S. netted twice and Abby Wambach scored a penalty kick after a disputed call to send the match into extra time . "  We are unwilling to give up and that says a lot about who we are as a team , what our goals are , " Wambach said . "  Even when Canada scored their third goal there was something in me that knew that we had more , that we could give more . I know that this team has belief in itself , even when the going gets tough . " The Canadian players said the referee helped the U.S. win . "  She actually giggled  when awarding the penalty  and said nothing , " Sinclair said . "  Classy ! In an important match it 's a disappointment that the referee had such an impact on it . We feel cheated . " The U.S. will meet World Cup winners Japan in Thursday 's final at Wembley Stadium , a rematch of last year 's Cup final in which Japan won the penalty-kick shootout 3-1 . The Americans have won three of the four previous gold medal matches . At Beijing , the U.S. beat Brazil 1-0 on an extra time goal . The U.S. men 's basketball team pulled away from Argentina in the third quarter and won 126-97 to set up a quarterfinal match against Australia , which finished fourth in its group . Kevin Durant led the Americans with 28 points . LeBron James had 18 , including the first seven U.S. points of the third quarter . The Americans only led 60-59 at halftime , but outscored the Argentines 42-17 in the third period . While the Olympics continue for Team USA and the American women , a legend 's career has come to an end . Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian in history , said Monday that he really means it when he says he is retiring . "  I 'm done . I do n't know if people really believe me , but I am actually finished . I 'm retiring , " he told CNN 's Becky Anderson . "  D-O-N-E . Done , " she pressed . "  Yes -- I 'm done , " he insisted . Phelps , the U.S. swimmer , not only shattered the record for the most medals ever won by a single person at the Olympics -- with 22 , including 18 golds -- but also made history as the first swimmer to win gold in two different events in three consecutive Olympics . On Monday , he also defended the gold medal-winning swimmer Ye Shiwen , who has been suspected -- without proof -- of doping after her remarkable victories . "  It 's kind of sad that people have a great swim and that 's the first thing they say , " Phelps said of the Chinese 16-year-old . "  People who work hard -- it shows . There are people who just jump to that conclusion sometimes , and it 's not right . " American gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas was back in action Monday on the uneven bars , but turned in a disappointing performance and came eighth . "  It was an amazing finals with so many great competitors , " she said . "  Coming into bar finals was a big challenge for me , and I made a little mistake . Even if I would have hit a solid routine , I know I have a lower start value than the other competitors . " Hometown favorite Beth Tweddle took bronze in the event , behind Russia 's Aliya Mustafina , who claimed gold , and Kexin He of China , who earned silver . "  I 'm very happy that I 'm following on with the Russian traditions , " Mustafina said . "  When I won the bronze medal  in the all around  , I became more confident that I could overcome my  2011 ACL  injury and do better . " At Olympic Stadium , site of track and field events , Jennifer Suhr of the United States cleared 4.75 meters  15 feet , 7 inches  to win the women 's pole vault . Silver medalist Yarisley Silva of Cuba cleared the same height but had more misses in the competition than Suhr . Two-time champion Elena Isinbaeva of Russia was third . "  It 's something that 's so emotional I ca n't even describe it , " Suhr said . "  To work so hard for four years , to have injuries . My husband  and coach  and I got through this . To have faith and to have it all come together and to achieve what we dreamed of , it 's amazing . " Kirani James of Grenada won the men 's 400 meters and gave Grenada , which competed in its first Olympics in 1984 , its first medal ever . The 19-year-old thanked God , his coach and his family . Of his family he said : "  They 're probably having a street party ; everyone 's having a good time . " In the 400-meter hurdles , Felix Sanchez of the Dominican Republic , with a picture of his late grandmother underneath his name bib , won the gold medal , fulfilling a promise he made after he learned she had died while he was racing at the 2008 Olympics . "  When I got on the podium it was raining and it was as if my grandmother was crying tears of happiness , crying for all the sacrifices I have made , " he said . Pavlos Kontides earned the first medal for Cyprus ever -- a silver -- in the Laser class sailing competition . "  It is really amazing . For me and my country , it is a historic day , " he said . "  I suspect my name will be written in golden letters in Cyprus . " It was another tense final shot , and another awful one for American Matt Emmons but he still managed to finally get a medal in the men 's 50-meter rifle three positions . Going into the last round , Emmons sat in second . He had to be thinking about the previous two Games when he was in gold-medal position with one shot to go . But each time before he had blown it , once shooting at the wrong target and once his rifle went off before he had lined it up with the target . Those times he not only lost gold , he lost any medal . This time , he scored 7.6 on his final shot , his worst score of the day , but it was enough to stay ahead of Cyril Graff of France for a bronze . "  Any time you stand on an Olympic podium is not a loss , it is a pretty cool thing , " Emmons said . His wife , a shooter whom he met after his disappointment in Athens , said her husband was extremely nervous before the final shot . "  He could n't hold still , so he just took the shot as best he could , " Katy Emmons said . "  This time the luck was on his side . " It was a sixth medal for the family -- Katy has three for the Czech Republic and Matt has previously won a gold and a silver medal in the 50-meter prone event . A gold medalist found himself at the center of another controversy Monday as Kenyan police confirmed that steeplechase winner Ezekiel Kemboi was under investigation on suspicion of trying to stab a woman on a date before he left for the Games . Olympics Infographic : The numbers behind London 2012 The woman accused Kemboi of making sexual advances , said deputy police spokesman Charles Owino , without naming the alleged victim . Kemboi is a police officer himself , according to Owino . Kemboi said that he was the victim of attempted extortion and that police had not given him a fair hearing , Owino said . And the International Olympic Committee announced that it disqualified American judoka Nicholas Delpopolo from the men 's 73-kg judo event for a doping violation . It stripped the 23-year-old of his seventh-place finish after he tested positive for a cannabis byproduct . CNN 's Jo Shelley and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : Team USA routs Argentina in men 's basketball to set up quarterfinal game against Australia NEW : Grenada , Cyprus get first medals ever Alex Morgan scores game-winning goal for the U.S. football team American gymnast Gabby Douglas gets a disappointing result on the uneven bars
London , England  CNN  -- News of Britain 's next royal wedding was on the front page of every British paper Wednesday , but so were mentions of the late Princess Diana . The day after Prince William announced he had proposed to his longtime girlfriend , Kate Middleton , tabloids carried full-page pictures of the couple and broadsheets ran large , above-the-fold headlines . "  We got there in the end , darling ! " was the headline on the Daily Mail . "  And it 's sealed with Diana 's ring !  " "  Something borrowed , something blue , " wrote The Times , referring to the large sapphire-and-diamond ring William used to propose to Middleton last month . "  With this ring , Di thee wed , " wrote the Daily Mirror . William said in the couple 's first joint interview Tuesday that he chose to use the ring because he wanted his mother to "  be with us at such a happy time . " Diana died in a Paris , France , car crash in 1997 , when William was 15 . Attention on the ring and the link to Princess Diana showed how much her memory is already hovering over the upcoming wedding . "  The presence of Diana , it has always been there throughout William and Harry 's life , and it will now become even greater , because Kate is going to be compared at every turn , " said Mark Saunders , the author of several books on the royals , also making reference to William 's brother and Diana 's youngest son . His remarks were made on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  We 're supposed to call her Catherine now -- Catherine will be compared to Diana constantly . It will never go away . " Richard Fitzwilliams , a public relations consultant and royal commentator , said the comparisons with Diana can only go so far . "  I assure you that Kate Middleton is not being looked at as another Princess Diana , " he told CNN . "  I think Prince William was emphasizing in the interview it 's time to move on . " British Prime Minister David Cameron passed on the congratulations of the whole House of Commons during his weekly question time on Wednesday . "  This is wonderful news , " he said . "  We look forward to the wedding itself with excitement and anticipation . " That same sentiment will also draw huge numbers of tourists to Britain over the next few years and boost the British economy by 620 million pounds  $ 985 million  , a retail research firm said Wednesday . Wedding-related merchandise sales alone could top 26 million pounds  $ 41.3 million  , according to Neil Saunders , a consulting director at Verdict . Food and grocery retailers could also benefit as people buy extra food , treats , champagne , and wine to celebrate the occasion , he said . Tourism and travel could bring in an additional 216 million pounds  $ 343 million  , he said . "  Although times have changed since the last big royal engagement of Prince Charles and Lady Diana , many people will still be keen to buy some form or keepsake or memento and retailers will rush to capitalize on the merchandising opportunities , " Saunders said .	The engagement news is on the front page of every British newspaper Many also mention that Prince William proposed with Diana 's ring Royal author says the comparisons "  will never go away "
CNN  -- Our democracy is endangered . Not by the Russians , North Korea , the Iran regime , or even terrorists . To quote Pogo : "  We have met the enemy and he is us . " Inside the beltway , the fingers point and the media tuts and struts in glee , and we , the American public , respond by becoming more rigid and divided ourselves . No more "  truth springing from argument amongst friends , " as David Hume said . A recent nonpartisan Pew Research Poll finds our knee-jerk partisanship has increased dramatically . This road we 're on will lead us step-by-step to an extreme : either an autocratic government that functions , or a dysfunctional anarchy . The petty squabbles , bilge in the name of party or principle , will dissolve our self-government . Abraham Lincoln felt no foreign power could ever defeat the United States . He said , "  From whence shall we expect the approach of danger ? Shall some trans-Atlantic military giant step the earth and crush us at a blow ? Never ... No , if destruction be our lot we must ourselves be its author and finisher . As a nation of free men we will live forever or die by suicide . " We 're pointing a pistol at our heads . A government of , by , and for the people requires that people talk to people , that we can agree to disagree but do so in civility . If we let the politicians and those who report dictate our discourse , then our course will be dictated . Why am I alarmed ? Because two "  scandals " -- the IRS tax-exempt inquiries and the Department of Justice 's tapping of reporters ' phones -- have become lynch parties . And the congressional investigation of Benghazi may become a scandal in itself . The IRS scandal has sparked bipartisan outrage that should require a bipartisan solution . The director who oversaw this was a Bush appointee who was confirmed by a Democratic Congress . Even Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein says he doubts very much that Obama was involved We , the people , need to stay focused on facts , causes and solutions . Let 's begin with the findings of the Treasury 's inspector general who uncovered it : That it was bureaucratic mismanagement , but that there was no evidence of any political motivation or influence from outside the IRS . And that , according to acting Commissioner Steven Miller , who just resigned , the problem started because the Supreme Court 's Citizens ' United decision created a surge of requests by political groups for tax-exempt status . Democrats and Republicans agree there 's a problem . Maybe they should focus on solutions . Let 's demand an end to partisan sideshows or media witch hunts : It turns out that the leaked White House Benghazi e-mails which allegedly show a coverup of a terrorist attack were themselves altered . Those e-mails are , in a word , bogus Next up on the playbill : The Department of Justice secretly obtained dozens of reporters ' phone records because of a serious security leak . The double contradictory shell game we 're supposed to believe : Obama is not in charge and he has his finger in every pot . This bamboozling of the American people obscures the main point : How do we safeguard American lives and respect our freedoms at the same time ? Maybe working together -- Republicans and Democrats , conservatives and liberals -- the Media Shield Law , a solution to the problem , can be passed . Both the Democrats and Republicans have run roughshod over our separation of powers . Both parties have misused and abused their constitutional powers . Democrats blocked , again and again , President Bush 's nominees for federal judges . Today , Republicans are n't just blocking Obama 's judicial nominees , they 're blocking the Senate from considering laws and blocking Cabinet appointees necessary for the federal government to run . Why should we allow any political party or personality to render our government unable to govern ? On 9/11 terrorists attacked the World Trade Center , the Pentagon , and tried to attack the U.S. Capitol building in order to destroy our institutions , our economic strength , our military and our democratic Congress where "  the people rule . " But in our partisan self-righteousness , we 're destroying our foundations of government more effectively than al Qaeda ever could . Whether it 's the media or the politicians , the churning of partisan passion into anger , indeed hate , has an ulterior purpose : If Obama 's administration is constantly engaged in fighting for its existence , the governing comes to a halt , and his agenda will go nowhere . Aiming for that and little if nothing else weakens and harms our democratic institutions , both Congress and the presidency . Remember , Obama was elected by a bigger margin than George W. Bush . He deserves to have his appointees , and he deserves to have votes on the issues , to have the government function , and to fight for the policies on which he was elected . By allowing problems to become scandals and scandals to become demagoguery , we 're shooting ourselves in the foot . If it keeps up , we will all be complicit in weakening our democracy . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Knee-jerk partisanship is worse than ever in politics and public discourse Brazile : Democracy endangered without civil discussion among people who disagree IRS and Justice Department "  scandals " have become lynch parties , she says Brazile : Both parties and the public must stay focused on facts , causes and solutions
LONGMONT , Colorado  CNN  -- A Colorado solar-energy company has high hopes for the economic stimulus bill that President Barack Obama will sign Tuesday in Denver . AVA Solar CEO Pascal Noronha holds one of the solar panels his company produces . Obama touts that the stimulus bill will help create up to a half a million so-called "  green " jobs in the field of alternative energy . Colorado has a growing green energy industry . Executives of AVA Solar , based in Fort Collins , Colorado , are among green energy industry representatives invited to the bill signing . AVA Solar has its plant in Longmont , about 30 minutes north of Denver . The plant , set to begin production in the spring , will construct solar panels for solar power plants . Once production is up to speed , CEO Pascal Noronha says , the plant should create enough solar panels a year to power 40,000 U.S. homes . Noronha says AVA Solar needs two things : Government loans to expand its factory , and more government assistance to help power companies commit to building large solar power plants in the United States . iReport.com : What would you fix first ? Noronha says those two moves would help AVA Solar create 1,000 to 2,000 new jobs in its factory , plus added employment for its suppliers . The company , founded in 2007 , currently has 175 employees . Without the stimulus , Noronha said , AVA Solar is on track to create 420 new jobs by the end of this year . AVA Solar currently operates on $ 175 million in U.S.-based private venture capital . In 2007 the company also received $ 3 million in seed money from the U.S. Department of Energy . Noronha says Obama is on the right track in terms of the stimulus bill . "  What everybody needs is a little seed money because five years from now there 's no question -LSB- that -RSB- solar has to replace the oil that we import , " Noronha says . "  What the government needs to do is provide the traction that is needed to get the first few projects on the ground . " "  We need money from the federal government ... to facilitate production immediately , " the CEO adds . "  Otherwise , we will be sitting and waiting for projects in the U.S. , and if we have to wait one year or two years -- when we 're able to produce a solution for this country today -- that is a really good reason for the government to say , ` Here it is , let 's go . ' " Noronha says his company 's biggest customer base is in Germany , a country that is far ahead of the United States in embracing solar energy . Obtaining U.S. customers is a priority , he explains . "  As a company we would very much like to have customers here in the U.S. , " Noronha says . "  The government needs to be able to facilitate these customers by making it possible for them to put large-scale power plants up . " Noronha is optimistic about the stimulus bill and the direction of the Obama administration . "  If you look at the vision of the president , you know he is looking out in the future and saying we 've got to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , " Noronha says . "  Well , to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , there is only renewable energy . And there are two forms that are promising -- one is wind and the other is solar . And solar , you 've got the sun 's resources all over the world . "	Solar-panel company has high interest in stimulus bill Creation of "  green " energy jobs is among hallmarks of stimulus bill AVA Solar of Colorado says it needs seed money to expand , hire more employees Obtaining customers in the United States is a priority for the company
Galway , Ireland  CNN  -- One fateful day in October , life changed forever for Praveen Halappanavar . The engineer from India , who had settled in Ireland four years earlier with his wife , Savita , found himself suddenly a widower . Savita , a 31-year-old dentist , had died of blood poisoning after being denied an abortion for a miscarrying fetus under Ireland 's strict laws , her husband says . Read more : Protesters in Ireland rally for abortion rights A month later , Halappanavar is without his beloved partner and the child they both longed for -- and now fears the truth behind her tragic death may be lost , too . "  We 've seen some tampering  with  the medical records -- basically some key information in the medical reports is missing , " he told CNN . The missing notes concern the couple 's requests to hospital staff for a termination , Halappanavar said . The Galway/Roscommon University Hospitals Group has declined to comment on his claim . Meanwhile , heath authorities have already launched one inquiry into Savita 's death , and a second into the care of critically ill patients was announced by the Board of the Health Information and Quality Authority on Friday . Read more : Woman 's death prompts abortion debate in Ireland But whatever conclusions are reached , they wo n't diminish her husband 's grief . Prospects for the couple , who married after meeting in India , had looked so bright . Together they had dreams of a beautiful future in Galway -- of children , forming a family . "  She was looking forward ... in a way she found she was in the right place , " said her husband . "  She was well-organized too . She knew what she wanted in life . That 's why she had decided to settle here in the long term . " When Savita , an attractive woman who loved to dance , became pregnant they were overjoyed . But then their ordeal began . Seventeen weeks into her pregnancy Savita began suffering severe back pain , and sought medical help . Read more : Who calls the shots on abortion laws ? Doctors at the Galway University Hospital told her she was miscarrying and that her baby would likely die . Savita 's husband says his wife , who was in extreme pain , asked for a termination , but was told that Ireland is a Catholic country and that the procedure could not be carried out while the fetus was alive . "  We requested a termination , " he said . "  We wanted to go back , to go home and think about the next pregnancy because it was a planned pregnancy . We were so happy , we wanted to have babies . " Three days after the request for a termination was made , the fetus died and was removed . Four days later , Savita was dead from a blood infection . Read more : Pregnant teen dies after abortion ban delays her chemo treatment for leukemia The circumstances of her death have prompted outrage in Ireland . Protests in support of Savita , held not just in Ireland but across the world , have urged the country 's politicians to update its abortion laws and prevent similar tragedies . In Ireland , abortion is legal if the mother 's life is at risk , which differs from her health being at risk , said Kitty Holland , a reporter with the Irish Times . With abortion a hot-button issue in Ireland , there has been political fallout from the controversy , too . Prime Minister Enda Kenny is under pressure to get Halappanavar to assist with a Health Service Executive inquiry into his wife 's death , which was the first investigation set up . But Halappanavar says government steps so far have done little to inspire confidence , not just because officials took weeks to announce the inquiry , but also because when they did , three of the seven medical professionals on the investigation team were from the same hospital where his wife died . Although they have now been replaced on the team , other issues remain , Halappanavar said . "  We made a request for termination and there is no note of the request at all , and of the medical notes . The response from the doctor is not in the medical records either . " Asked what he thinks has happened to the information , Halappanavar has no answer . "  We do n't know what has happened to it , " Halappanavar said . "  It is strange that all other information is in there -- when we requested things like tea and toast , and when things like we requested an extra blanket , all that is in the medical notes . " Halappanavar says he will settle for nothing less than a full public inquiry -- one in which the wider health service , not just his wife 's death , is investigated by independent experts . "  Every single person in the family asked me how could this happen in a place like Ireland in the 21st century , because it was just so simple , " he said . "  When they knew the baby was not going to survive , why not think about the bigger life which was the mother , my wife Savita ? And they did n't . " All he wants , he said , is the truth .	Praveen Halappanavar believes notes are missing from his wife 's medical records She died of blood poisoning after being denied an abortion while miscarrying , he says Ireland , a majority Catholic country , has strict laws on abortion Health authorities are reviewing the circumstances of Savita Halappanavar 's death
CNN  -- A few months ago , after drinking scorpion shots with Zappos ' CEO Tony Hsieh , he gave me a tour of the Downtown Project , a formerly blighted neighborhood in Las Vegas being revitalized . Hsieh and others are investing $ 350 million to help turn the desert town into the smartest city in the world . Sound ambitious ? It is . Hsieh 's interest in cities strikes many people as a curiosity , given his track record at Zappos . Talk to him  especially over scorpion shots  , and you find out it 's actually the reverse . "  Every time the size of a city doubles , innovation per person increases , but when a company gets bigger , innovation per person goes down . Why is that ? " he asked . "  In a city , " he explained , "  people and businesses are self-organizing . We 're trying to do the same thing at Zappos . " Part of that goal involves moving Zappos to holacracy -- an organizational system that throws out all job descriptions , job titles , management  as we know it  , and the organization chart , and starts over . Since Zappos ' announced this move , people have wondered whether holacracy is just another fad or something to be taken seriously . Let 's take a closer look at holacracy .  Full disclosure : I endorsed Hsieh 's book "  Delivering Happiness , " and he wrote the preface for my book , "  Tribal Leadership . " He 's spoken to my USC classes , and I 've spoken at several Zappos events . You should care about holacracy because it tries to fix many things we all hate about companies , including : 1 . The organization chart on the wall has nothing to do with how people do their jobs . 2 . The title you have probably does n't reflect what you do , unless you own the company . 3 . Your manager knows nothing about what you do much of the time , and yet makes decisions that determine your success . 4 . Traditional management creates "  my life sucks " cultures . If any of these problems sound familiar , then you and Hsieh  and many of us in the leadership world  are on the same page , so far at least . Holacracy was pioneered by Brian Robertson and outlined in his upcoming book , "  Holacracy : Evolution for Organizations . " The basic building block is a role , which is a breakdown of the organization 's work . Roles work together in "  circles " that self-organize . Circles can spawn sub-circles , and connect with other circles with "  links " â $ " roles that form conduits between circles . People "  energize " roles , and one person can energize multiple roles . Circles have regular governance meetings in which people talk about roles , accountabilities , authority and policies . If this description  which I ran by Robertson word-for-word  sounds like he 's been reading the rules of Monopoly translated into computer code by way of Burning Man , you 're not far off . Holacracy is complex , and designed to be so . It is hard to implement . To date , Zappos is by far the largest adopter of holacracy . When it works , holacracy is amazing , so it 's no wonder business leaders are paying attention . David Allen , author of "  Getting Things Done " and founder of a consulting and training company that runs on holacracy , told me that after a tough adjustment period : "  The company becomes much like a well-tuned machine that , to some degree , is self-correcting . You do n't have to spend a lot of time going through channels to get things handled . " So , will it work at Zappos ? Probably . Holacracy requires a great culture , and people who value egalitarianism . It 's not communism  despite what some critics are saying  , but it does throw out conventional ideas of power and hierarchy . It helps if people are grounded in customer service , can tolerate weirdness , and can take a leap of faith into the unknown . If this description is n't your company , then holacracy will not be a great fit . Holacracy is not coming to a company near you , at least not in its current form . Few have the value set of Zappos and very few have great cultures . It remains to be seen whether it can scale to a company of Zappos ' size . The real story here is that there are many new organizational forms out there , holacracy being one . Most emphasize ownership thinking , agile methods and great cultures . Like cell phones in the 1980s , these new organizational models are big , bulky and hard to use . Many do n't work at all . But over time , some of them will become sleek , easy to use , more powerful , and even elegant . Holacracy may just surprise us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Logan .	Zappos is trying out holacacy , an organizational system that does away with hierarchy David Logan : Holacracy tries to fix many things we all hate about companies He says as a company gets larger , innovation per person tends to go down Logan : Holacracy might just work at Zappos because of its unique culture
CNN  -- British cyclist Mark Cavendish extended his lead in the Tour de France 's sprint standings with victory in Sunday 's stage 15 , while Thomas Voeckler retained his overall advantage . Cavendish claimed his fourth win of this month 's race and the 19th of his career as his HTC Highroad team guided him home in the 192.5-kilometer ride from Limoux to Montpellier . With the sprinters back to the fore in a route featuring just one small climb , the 26-year-old headed off American Tyler Farrar and Italians Alessandro Petacchi and Daniel Oss . He is now 47 points clear of Jose Joaquin Rojas in the race for the green jersey after the Spaniard came home fifth , also in four hours 20 minutes 24 seconds . Vanendert wins tough 14th stage Voeckler was listed as 71st after the top 116 finishers were given the same time as Cavendish , meaning he retains his yellow jersey for Tuesday 's 16th stage from Saint-Paul-Trois-Chateaux to Gap as the three-week race heads towards the Alps . The Frenchman is one minute and 49 seconds ahead of Luxembourg 's Frank Schleck , whose brother Andy is fourth behind Australia 's two-time runner-up Cadel Evans . "  It was a good day for us but I do n't think that the teams of the sprinters did their job to make us happy . It was in their interest and it was normal that they do a good job , " Voeckler told the race website . "  For us it was a good day , and as it was a flat stage it was welcome because yesterday 's stage was very hard . Everyone is happy and I feel that the guys are really proud to ride for this jersey , so I have to try something . I 'm not obliged to keep the jersey but I must give all I can to hold onto it . "  This is my ninth Tour de France . I 've been doing this race since 2003 and obviously I 'm not able to win it . I 'll give all that I 'm able to -- as I 've said since I took the jersey -- but when I saw the guys who were just behind me in the overall classification , when I saw the different stages that are yet to come ... I do n't know how I could keep on to the lead . " Cavendish credited his teammates after putting him in prime position to win the green jersey for the first time . "  It was a really nervous day , you saw everyone fighting for the front the whole day . I 'm lucky that I 've got a group of guys like I have to keep me out of trouble at the front and that kind of took the pressure off a bit , but it 's still hard , " he said . "  It was up and down , there were crosswinds the whole day . It was a difficult stage but it was a sprint and the guys controlled it . They delivered me perfectly to the last 200 meters . "	Mark Cavendish takes his career tally of Tour de France stage wins to 19 on Sunday UK cyclist extends his lead in green jersey standings after sprint home in 15th leg France 's Thomas Voeckler retains his overall lead as top 116 riders finish in same time The three-week race has a rest on Monday before heading towards the Alps
CNN  -- Amid all the talk about storm clouds gathering over the U.S. economy , it 's easy to forget there are other places in the world where the sun is still shining . A shortage of housing is contributing to an inflation rate of almost 14 percent in Qatar Take Qatar , for example ; a small emirate in the Gulf whose economy is booming . When the final figures come in , Qatar 's economy is expected to have grown 17.8 percent in 2007 . Qatar National Bank predicts growth to slow in 2008 , but at 16.5 percent who could complain ? Well , consumers for one . While growth has steamed ahead , so has inflation . At the end of 2007 , Qatar 's official inflation rate was nearing 14 percent -- the highest in the region . Three major factors are contributing to Qatar 's soaring inflation rate : High levels of government spending ; growing demand for housing , which is pushing up house prices and rent , and the riyal 's peg with the dollar , which is pushing down interest rates . The U.S. Federal Reserve exacerbated the latter problem by slashing U.S. interest rates twice in the past eight days to three percent . Gulf States with currencies linked to the U.S. dollar were under pressure to follow suit . Qatar reduced its deposit rate to 3.5 percent , but left its lending rate at 5.5 percent . Liz Martins , Head of MENA , Business Monitor International says Qatar is facing a serious problem . "  You 've huge a amount of monetary easing and if you think that that 's not even going to feed through properly for six to nine months then , you 've got a really dangerous inflationary outlook , " she says . "  The only policy option really that they have is to revalue the exchange rate . " Kuwait did just that in May , ditching the dollar-peg for a basket of currencies , and speculation is growing that other GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  countries will do the same . Tristan Cooper , Vice President and Senior Analyst at Moody 's Middle East , says the argument for revaluation is becoming more convincing . "  The economic justification for revaluation is growing stronger as inflation multiplies and the government increases expenditure . " He says any move by Gulf governments to curb public spending would not be welcomed by locals facing higher living costs . In Qatar 's instance , new housing stock is expected to come onto the market to help ease inflation in the rental market . "  There is some hope that prices will begin to slow as that supply comes onto the market , but that 's not guaranteed , " Tristan Cooper says . So that leaves a currency revaluation . "  The easier policy option would presumably be to revalue , but that also has political difficulties . It involves to some extent coordinating with GCC members . " In the past , Saudi Arabia has ruled out any change to its dollar-peg . Qatar has made it clear that it prefers any move to be made with a GCC consensus . In an interview with Marketplace Middle East , Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al Thani said that the emirate is "  studying all options " in relation to the dollar-peg . "  Every country has to see its way out of this , but only after a consultation with the GCC , " he said . "  For us , our wish is that it 's a policy to be taken by the whole GCC , to either basket or revalue our currency . I can not see a decision . Even in Qatar , we have no decision up to now . " This week , one of Qatar 's leading economic advisors was quoted as saying any policy change would have to be substantial . In an interview with Reuters news agency , Ibrahim Al-Ibrahim said , "  change should be major ; minor change wo n't solve the problem . " He ruled out any potential moves to float the Qatari riyal . "  As a small country we can not float our currency ... it has to be tied , " he said . One of the main reasons GCC members are reluctant to abandon their dollar link is because they 're working towards their own monetary union . A policy diversion now may make it more difficult to unite again under a common currency by the nominated deadline of 2010 . There 's widespread skepticism that that deadline can be reached . "  The timeframe of 2010 is rather unlikely now , and the project itself seems to be facing increasing difficulties given the pressure on individual states to go their own way and revalue , " Tristan Cooper says . E-mail to a friend	Qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in Gulf Two recent cuts in U.S. interest rates putting pressure on Gulf currencies Qatari PM says "  studying all options " on dollar-peg , GCC consensus ideal Members reluctant to drop the dollar-peg despite growing inflationary pressure
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Moshe Katsav , the former Israeli president , began a seven-year prison sentence on Wednesday for rape and other sexual offenses . Two days after his 66th birthday , Katsav arrived at the Maasiyahu Prison in Ramla , central Israel , where he will be kept in a cell block for prisoners who are observant Jews . " "  The five and a half years of battle come to an end in anger and frustration , " Katsav said as he left his home surrounded by well wishers . He insisted the evidence against him was flawed . The case involved three women -- two in the president 's office and one in the tourism ministry . A three judge panel last year found Katsav guilty of two charges of rape , two charges of forceful sexual harassment and one charge of sexual harassment . He was sentenced in in March . He had agreed in 2007 to plead guilty to lesser charges and pay a fine to avoid jail time , but withdrew from the deal when the moment came to enter his plea . After the verdict , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it was a "  sad day " for Israel . Katsav , of the center-right Likud Party , was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007 . He was minister of tourism before that . The charges stem from allegations made against him in both jobs . As an inmate of the block for religious prisoners , Katsav will not be required to wear a prison uniform . CNN 's Paul Colsey contributed to this report .	Moshe Katsav enters prison after being convicted last year of rape and other sexual offenses He continues to insist the evidence against him was flawed as he leaves his home He will be kept in a cell block for prisoners who are observant Jews Katsav , of the center-right Likud Party , was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007
CNN  -- Day six of the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows and the shocks just keep on coming in the women 's draw . Reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is the latest casualty after crashing out in the third round to Aleksandra Krunic , a player ranked 145 in the world . The Serbian qualifier made light work of the heavy-hitting opponent from the Czech Republic winning in straight sets 6-4 6-4 in one hour 34 minutes . To say that Kvitova was off her game is an understatement as she lost serve five times and racked up 34 unforced errors . But rather than focus on the shortcomings in her own game on Saturday , Kvitova chose to praise her opponent . "  I think she played really unbelievable tennis , and she put a lot of balls back , " Kvitova said . "  I did mistakes , and I was really trying everything that I could in that moment . I was trying to fight and fighting every point , but it was so difficult . It was n't really my day . She played really great tennis today . " By her standards , Kvitova has a poor record at the U.S. Open having never got further than the fourth round . But the 24-year-old had reason to hope that this year might be different after claiming a second Wimbledon title in July and her win at the New Haven tournament last week . But her dreams have been extinguished for another 12 months as she becomes the fifth top 10 seed to depart the women 's tournament . Kvitova joins second seed Simona Halep , fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , sixth seed Angelique Kerber and Ana Ivanovic , the eight seed -- all of whom have already packed their bags . For Krunic , who will now play Belarusian Victoria Azarenka in the fourth round , it was a victory to savor . "  It was an honor for me to be in the same court with Petra . Of course , I did n't expect to win . Of course , I was hoping at least to win a set , but I managed to win a match somehow . " Azarenka , seeded 16 at Flushing Meadows this year , eased through to the last 16 with a 6-1 6-1 win over Russia 's Elena Vesnina . Reigning champion Serena Williams is also safely through to the second week following a 6-3 6-3 win over Varvara Lepchenko while 11th-seed Flavia Pennetta from Italy will face Australia 's Casey Dellacqua for a place in the quarterfinals . Pennetta saw off Nicole Gibbs of the U.S. in straight sets 6-4 6-0 , while Dellacqua , the 29th seed , needed three sets to get past Karolina Pliskova , winning 6-3 3-6 6-4 in one hour 54 minutes . In the men 's competition , the top seeds are faring better . Champion of two years ago Andy Murray , seeded eighth this year , progressed to the fourth round with a four-set win over Russia 's Andrey Kuznetsov 6-1 7-5 4-6 6-2 . "  I got off to a good start , then had a bit of a cushion when he started to get back in the match , " Murray said . "  I just tried to stay solid in the fourth set and thankfully it paid off . " The 27-year-old Scot 's reward is a match up against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . The French ninth seed beat Spain 's Pablo Carreno Busta in straight sets 6-4 6-4 6-4 . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic did n't break sweat against Sam Querrey , beating his American opponent 6-3 6-2 6-2 to set up last 16 tie against either Philipp Kohlschreiber or American 13th seed John Isner . Earlier on Saturday , Milos Raonic won in straight sets against Victor Estrella Burgos of the Dominican Republic . The number five seed from Canada will now play 10th seed Kei Nishikori in the last 16 . The Japanese No. 1 beat Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer 6-4 6-2 6-3 .	Reigning Wimbledon champion the latest top seed to fall World No. 4 loses in straight sets to world No. 145 Aleksandra Krunic Serena Williams through to last 16 following win over Varvara Lepchenko Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic through to last 16 in men 's draw
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Grandparents , retirees and struggling seniors have waited months for this . Seniors will receive their stimulus payments the same way they receive their Social Security funds . Tens of millions of Social Security recipients will see their bank accounts jump by $ 250 starting Thursday , when the government began sending out checks and transferring funds for a one-time boost coming from the stimulus bill passed in February . The payments are flowing to nearly 55 million seniors and retirees between now and June 4 , with a huge batch of checks hitting the mail this week . "  Approximately half of them will be out in the next day or two , " Social Security Commissioner Michael Astrue told CNN Thursday . The money will arrive in the same way that each person receives regular Social Security or Supplemental Security Income funds . If a person receives a Social Security check in the mail , the $ 250 stimulus payment will also appear in his or her mailbox . An increasing number of people use direct deposit , so many seniors and SSI recipients could see the $ 250 boost in their accounts immediately . Social Security and SSI recipients make up the largest groups to get the stimulus money , but it will also go out to railroad retirees and disabled veterans . Agencies serving those groups will release the funds separately . All told , the government estimates some 64 million Americans will receive the one-time stimulus checks this year , at a cost of $ 13 billion to the federal budget . This comes as the Obama administration continues a public relations push to show that the $ 787 billion stimulus act is warming up the economy . Astrue noted that these $ 250 payments are going out weeks before the deadline and are , by far , the largest single stimulus payment to individual Americans . "  This is a point in time where some of the first big chunks of stimulus money is actually going into the economy , " Astrue said . Meanwhile , there is vigorous debate over how stimulus payments will be spent in tough times . Will the checks do anything for the overall economy ? Astrue 's agency has asked seniors to e-mail and tell what they plan to do with the $ 250 . He admits that some have said they expect to save the money or pay off debts , but he insists that many responses listed hands-on spending . "  We get people who say they 'll buy paint , we get people who say they 'll buy furniture , " he said . "  Quite a few of our recipients say they 'll buy clothes or school supplies for their grandkids . "	Stimulus payments to be sent to 55 million recipients between now and June 4 $ 250 payments are for people who receive Social Security , SSI funds Money will come in same form as regular payments -- mailed check or direct deposit Social Security chief says many people will spend their checks rather than saving
CNN  -- Like any major city , Amsterdam has world class museums crammed with classic art works that visitors will drop major money to see . Being a city that has traditionally championed liberal attitudes , it 's no surprise it also hosts exhibitions dedicated to sex and drugs . Where Amsterdam excels , though , is in its extensive collections of curiosities -- museums that celebrate the engagingly odd obsessions of their curators . Here are seven of the best : Cheese Museum In an ideal world there would have been a fifth Indiana Jones sequel in which our hero goes in search of vintage dairy produce buried deep below some ancient ruined temple . Grabbing his treasure from its booby-trapped resting place , Indy would growl : "  This cheese belongs in a museum , " before dashing for safety as a giant ball of Gouda comes crashing toward him . The museum in question would have to be Amsterdam 's Cheese Museum , a tiny two-floor celebration of Dutch cow creations just over the canal from the Anne Frank House . Exhibits are thin on the ground but there are enough free Gouda samples to induce a bad case of the cheese sweats before you 're back on the street . Eccentric exhibit : The world 's most expensive cheese slicer -- a diamond-encrusted tool said to be worth $ 34,000 Cheese Museum , 112 Prinsengracht ; +31 20 331 6605 The Cat Cabinet It 's no secret that people who love cats sometimes love them slightly too much -- but they 've got nothing on Dutchman Bob Meijer . When the former banker 's much-cherished mog , who went by the name of J.P. Morgan , shuffled off to the cattery in the sky , he decided to transform his home into a shrine to his departed pet . The result is De Kattenkabinet -- several rooms of a well preserved 1880s canal house crammed with cat collectibles and feline-themed paintings and sketches from artists including Rembrandt and Picasso . Meijer continues to occupy the building 's upper stories , as do four other felines , including Lily , a 19-year-old tortoiseshell cat who enjoys the attention of visitors . Eccentric exhibit : A massive oil painting that appears to show a wizard casting spells over a giant ghostly cat . The Cat Cabinet , 497 Herengracht ; +31 20 626 9040 Dutch Funeral Museum It lies some distance out of the city center , but the Dutch Funeral Museum is worth the trip just to marvel at Amsterdam 's absurdly well planned suburbs . The museum is housed in what 's left of the former home of a cemetery director , close to the entrance of the graveyard he used to supervise . Despite its gloomy subject matter , the Funeral Museum is surprisingly un-macabre , with informative and matter-of-fact displays on different Dutch burial rituals and the paraphernalia of death . Just as well , really , otherwise no one would want to visit the rather pleasant and airy cafe at its entrance . Eccentric exhibit : Black , square noses , designed as the grieving equivalent to a clown 's red nose . Dutch Funeral Museum , 124 Kruislaan ; +31 20 694 0482 Museum of Bags and Purses Another collection crammed into a grand canal house that justifies the entrance fee almost as much as the items on display . This serious display of historic handbags and larger luggage starts off sedately with a selection of dainty , metallic numbers favored by royalty . It explodes into life with more contemporary baggage , some shaped like hats or stags . There are an eyebrow-raising "  Guardian Angel " knife and gun bags designed by Vlieger & Vandam Bags . Eccentric exhibit : A pre-mobile telephone bag that features a handset , dialer and long cord to plug into the wall . Museum of Bags and Purses , 573 Herengracht ; +31 20 52464 52 Max Euwe Chess museum Sure , there 's nothing too extraordinary about a museum exploring the checkered history of one of the world 's oldest games -- but this goes further , focusing on one single player . This diminutive facility on the first floor of a notorious former prison charts the life and times of Max Euwe , the Netherlands ' only world chess champion . It 's an affectionate tribute to Euwe , who died in 1981 , and perhaps only one for chess aficionados -- but there 's also a great chance to stick your nose into working offices based in the same building . There 's a giant board outside the building where you can watch talented teenagers wipe the floor with professorial old chessmen straight out of central casting . Eccentric exhibit : A chess wall of fame featuring grandmasters such as Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky . Chess Museum , Max Euwe Plein 30A ; +31 20 625 7017 National Museum of Spectacles A museum for people who enjoy trying on other people 's glasses -- and let 's face it , that 's everyone . Housed in and above a genuine optician 's shop virtually unchanged since customers first squinted through its windows in the 19th century , this shop charts 700 years of serving the shortsighted . Once you 've viewed eyewear ranging from early owl-like nose-perchers to the chunkier frames sported by Buddy Holly and Elvis Costello , you can enter the shop and purchase your own pair . Eccentric exhibit : Masquerade masks with built-in lenses -- for those who want to recognize other people , but not be recognized . Spectacles Museum , 7 Gasthuismolensteeg ; +31 20 421 2414 Pipe Museum In a city where there 's an entire industry based around smoking certain substances , it stands to reason there 's a museum dedicated to the pipe . This is no novelty head shop though -- it 's a serious study of toking devices that hark back 2,500 years to the days when coughing up lumps of tar was considered healthy . Space in this lovely 17th-century canal house is given over to pipes designed for smoking stuff stronger than a bowlful of shag -- and these are out-smoked by elaborate European fumers designed for more pedestrian fare . Eccentric exhibit : A pipe crafted from the pincers of a crab . Pipe Museum , 488 Prinsengracht ; +31 20 421 1779	Amsterdam is home to world class museums , but also some highly odd collections A shrine to a deceased cat , a collection of bags and purses and a display on funerals among the oddest Several of the Dutch city 's smaller museums are housed in elegant canal-side houses
To some , they 're the gut-wrenching emotional cries of a man whose stepson 's life was taken . Others say they were dangerous words that sparked a powder keg as violent protests broke out in Ferguson , Missouri last week . But did Michael Brown 's stepfather intend to incite rioting in the St. Louis suburb ? That 's a question Ferguson police say they 're looking into . Brown 's stepfather did n't hold back as news of a grand jury 's decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson reached Ferguson . As throngs in front of the Ferguson Police Department listened to St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch 's announcement on cell phones and radios , Louis Head stepped onto a platform above the crowd and embraced his wife , Brown 's mother . He then turned to the demonstrators -- some of them shouting "  F -- the police ! " -- and yelled , "  Burn this motherf -- er down ! " and "  Burn this bitch down ! " His comments drew widespread attention in the aftermath of the violence as a video of his reaction , recorded just after McCulloch 's announcement , circulated online . No charges have been filed against Head , but police have interviewed people who know Head and who were with him November 24 , the day a prosecutor announced that Wilson would not be indicted in the August 9 shooting , Police Chief Tom Jackson said Tuesday . Head is n't being singled out , but he 's one of the people being "  looked at as part of an ongoing investigation into the activities surrounding Nov 24 pertaining to the rioting , looting and arsons , " Ferguson spokesman Jeff Small said . Brown 's mother has defended her husband 's reaction . Last week , CNN 's Sunny Hostin asked her about accusations that her husband 's words single-handedly started rioting and fires . "  I say that that 's impossible , " Lesley McSpadden said . "  These things have been going on since August 9th , when it first happened . " Protests rocked Ferguson that day , hours after Wilson shot Brown . They grew as time passed and news of the shooting spread . When the prosecutor finally revealed the grand jury 's long-awaited decision last week , it was n't long before Ferguson erupted again . St. Louis County Police tweeted their first reports of looting less than 15 minutes later . In the hours that followed , a row of businesses on West Florissant Avenue , a major thoroughfare in the St. Louis suburb , was engulfed in flames . Police cars and vehicles at a nearby dealership were turned into fireballs . There were so many blazes that firefighters could n't reach them all . Police chief : ` We are pursuing those comments ' Police have not spoken to Head about his actions , but they intend to do so , Jackson said Tuesday , adding that multiple law enforcement agencies were involved in the investigation . The police chief told TV and radio host Sean Hannity something similar Monday , but he did n't classify the probe as formal . "  We are pursuing those comments , and there 's a lot of discussion going on about that right now , but I really ca n't get into that at this time , " he said . But police are n't singling out Head , Jackson told Hannity . "  We ca n't let all that happened in Ferguson and Dellwood and the community die . Everyone who is responsible for taking away people 's property , their livelihoods , their jobs , their businesses -- every single one of them needs to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law , " he said . McSpadden , who was standing next to Head when he made the comments and herself told the crowd she 'd never experienced anything like this , offered some context in a CNN interview last week . After hearing the grand jury 's decision , McSpadden said she felt like she 'd been shot herself and her "  emotions were raging . " Head was angry , too , she said . "  He just spoke out of anger . It 's one thing to speak , and it 's a different thing to act . He did not act . He just spoke out of anger , " she said . "  When you 're that hurt and the system has did you this wrong , you may say some things as well . We 've all spoke out of anger before . " Share your view on the Ferguson decision Brown family attorney Benjamin Crump has previously called Head 's remarks inappropriate but asked the public not to condemn the family for being human . More recently , he told CNN to remember that Brown 's mother and father have repeatedly asked protesters to remain peaceful . He further called Head 's statements "  indefensible " and "  not appropriate in any way . " "  We do n't condone people acting on emotion calling for people to do irresponsible things at all , " Crump told CNN . "  And so we want his family , his mother and father 's message to come across louder than anybody who might be associated with them . ... And they ca n't control what others do . They can control what they pray for . " Others have called for Head 's arrest , including Missouri Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder , who told radio host Laura Ingraham last week "  that he should be arrested and charged with inciting to riot . " Would prosecutors pursue charges ? St. Louis County Police also said Tuesday that they were looking into Head 's comments . Police will present their investigation to prosecutors once its complete , police spokesman Brian Schellman said . But is it a case prosecutors would pursue ? It 's unlikely , CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes said . "  I think they 'll have a hard time proving that somebody that heard him in the midst of all that noise actually went over and did an arson or committed an act of starting a fire . I think most of the people you see in the crowd are not watching CNN . They 're not watching media reporting of him saying that , " he told "  The Situation Room . " "  So it is probably very few people that heard it at that time . " Also , Fuentes said , it 's likely many people who 'd gathered in Ferguson as the grand jury 's decision was announced were already determined to act . "  I think the cause and effect of his words will be hard to prove , " Fuentes said . Hostin , a CNN legal analyst , said prosecutors should also weigh what impact charging Head could have on the community . "  I think any prosecutor that looks at a case like this , given what is going on , what has gone on in Ferguson , would never touch this case , " she said . "  You would have to be really tone deaf to the larger issues that are at play here to bring a case like that . " Ferguson police also under investigation More than a week after the grand jury 's decision , investigations into Brown 's shooting and its aftermath are far from over . The U.S. Justice Department also is investigating the shooting as part of a civil rights probe -- and investigating the Ferguson Police Department , looking at past incidents , procedures and training . Another part of the probe , according to law enforcement officials , is a pattern of actions by Jackson , the Ferguson police chief , who critics accuse of inflaming public reactions after Brown 's shooting . Among them : the chief 's decision to release a video showing a convenience store robbery in which Michael Brown stole cigars minutes before the fatal confrontation with Wilson , Jackson 's comments to the media that Wilson would be welcomed back to the police department if a grand jury declined to bring charges , and , now , Jackson 's announcement that his department was investigating Head for possibly inciting a riot . Wilson resigned over the weekend , saying he was worried about putting Ferguson 's residents and police officers at risk . On Tuesday , the Fraternal Order of Police revealed that its members had been providing the officer with free protection since Brown was killed . Wilson began receiving threats via phone , email and social media after the shooting , and "  the  Ferguson Police  department being unwilling or unable as an entity to provide security for him , Fraternal Order of Police members from the surrounding area volunteered and have provided him with security from that time , right up until the present , " said the group 's executive director , Jim Pasco . Despite Pasco 's assertion that a police department is supposed to protect someone "  when a person in the community is inundated with threats on his or her life , " it 's been widely reported that Wilson went into hiding so hastily after the Brown shooting that he left his lawn half-mowed . In another development Tuesday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon announced that the National Guard will scale back operations in the area . "  The Guard has completed its duties within the city of St. Louis , and has begun to systematically reduce its presence in St. Louis County , " Nixon said in a statement . Troops are still supporting local law enforcement agencies in Ferguson and other parts of the county , he said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Multiple agencies investigating whether Louis Head intended to incite riot last week Head 's attorney and wife say he was hurt and angry when he spoke to crowds After announcement that Wilson would not be indicted , Ferguson erupted in chaos Head shouted to crowd , "  Burn this motherf -- er down ! " and "  Burn this bitch down ! "
CNN  -- Roy Braswell was 9 years old when the flu pandemic of 1918 hit . Margaret Duchez , 94 , sees some similarities to the 1918 situation , like the dozens of school closings . "  I know it 's a bad feeling , 'cause I had it , " said Braswell , 100 , who now lives in Cobb County in Georgia . "  It makes you have headaches , you be out of your head , you do n't know nothing . " Margaret Duchez , 94 , did not have the flu , but remembers that in 1918 her grandmother locked the door so that she could n't go outside during the pandemic . In her community near Cleveland , Ohio , people were afraid to go to church , walk in the street or let children play outside , she said . An entire family died around the corner from her . "  People were dying so fast in our parish , which was old St. Patrick 's , they could not bury them fast enough , " Duchez said . A study in Nature last year showed survivors of the 1918 pandemic still have some immunity to that virus in the form of B cells , which are immune cells that produce antibodies . Now , researchers are taking the knowledge from that study to work toward an antibody treatment for swine flu , the 2009 H1N1 virus that has sickened hundreds of people worldwide . Learn about other influenza pandemics in history " When a person gets infected with a virus , the body typically mounts an immune response to it . B cells produce antibodies , leaving the person at least partially immune to the disease , said Dr. James Crowe , professor at Vanderbilt University and lead study author . The levels of immune response tend to wane with time , he said . The response is strongest within the first several months , and then diminishes over the following years . In the Nature study , supported by the National Institutes of Health , Crowe and colleagues took these rare B cells from survivors ' blood and cloned the antibody genes from these cells to produce antibodies in the laboratory . "  It 's interesting because we had this technology , and we should be able to do this with survivors of any flu , " he said . Applying this technique to the 2009 H1N1 virus , researchers could use blood from swine flu survivors to develop an antibody molecule , which is "  a biologic drug that we could give to people to protect them against the current swine flu , or possibly to treat them , " he said . Crowe said he was shocked to find B cells that produce 1918 flu antibodies from the blood of flu survivor volunteers 90 years after they got the illness . "  Typically , it 's thought that you have high levels of antibodies for about 10 years , " he said . "  Our studies have shown in some cases you keep antibodies for the rest of your life . Crowe and collaborators are now in the process of working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to get blood samples of survivors of 2009 H1N1 . If a survivor of a virus maintains immunity for years , does this mean people should try to contract a mild case of a virus so that they will naturally develop antibodies ? This used to be the logic with chicken pox , a far more serious illness for adults than children . Before there was a vaccine , people thought children ought to catch the disease to avoid complications later in life , he said . But Crowe does not advise that anyone purposely contract swine flu to develop immunity , even in the United States , where most cases appear mild . "  We do n't know yet how severe this virus is going to be , " he said . Duchez , who follows the news on television from her assisted living community in Westlake , Ohio , sees some similarities to the 1918 situation -- for example , the dozens of school closings nationwide . Watch another 1918 epidemic survivor share her memories " Still , the swine flu does not seem as bad , she said . Duchez recalls that when she went to school at age 6 , in 1920 , the nuns told of how they became nurses and put sulfur in their shoes to protect themselves from catching diseases . People are worried now , but not like they were back then . And Duchez herself does not fear the swine flu . "  My life is in the hands of God . Why should I be afraid ? " she said .	Study : Survivors of 1918 pandemic still have some immunity to that virus Researchers are working with CDC on antibody treatment Expert : Do n't try to catch swine flu just to be immune to it later
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A fluffy white polar bear cub that has captured German hearts is making her first public appearance Tuesday at the Nuremberg City Zoo . Flocke was bottle-fed by zookeepers because they feared she would be eaten by her mother . Flocke , whose name means "  snowflake " in German , was born at the zoo in December . She gained international attention in January after zookeepers said they had taken Flocke away from her mother because of concerns she would eat her . The zoo 's other female polar bear had recently eaten her two offspring , and the zoo was worried that Flocke 's mother would do the same . Zookeepers bottle-fed Flocke and kept her warm with blankets and heatlamps . Watch video of baby polar bear . " Sweet pictures of the young bear being cuddled by her keepers or sleeping with her tongue sticking out boosted Flocke 's popularity , and she quickly eclipsed Knut , the polar bear at the Berlin Zoo . Knut was a sensation when he was born in December 2006 , but at 16 months old , he 's no longer considered as cute as his Nuremberg counterpart . Flocke has grown into a bouncy young cub who is learning how to use her large paws . The zoo 's latest pictures of Flocke , from early last week , show her frolicking in her enclosure and paddling in a pool of shallow water . The first chance to see Flocke up close was Tuesday , when the zoo held a media event with about 50 members of the public . Starting Wednesday , people visiting the zoo will be able to see Flocke in her enclosure from 9 to 11 a.m. and 1 to 4 p.m. daily -- "  if Flocke plays along " and decides to step outside , the zoo said . E-mail to a friend	Polar bear cub that has captured German hearts makes public debut Cub bottle-fed by zookeepers after fears mother would eat her Cub has learnt to use paws and takes to paddling in pool
CNN  -- While there 's been no shortage of snow this winter , the barrage of winter storms has left many U.S. cities short of one thing : salt . In New Jersey , record amounts of snowfall have left mayors scrambling for more salt to sprinkle on their roads and sidewalks for safety . The salt situation in West New York has been "  very critical , " Mayor Felix Roque said . In a typical winter , the town 's salt silos would normally be at least three-quarters full at this time of the year , he said . Now , they are virtually empty . They 've had to mix the small amounts of salt they have left with sand to try stretch resources , Roque said . Mayor Steven Fulop of Jersey City , the second-largest city in New Jersey , said its salt shortage also has been difficult . A delivery of salt arrived in Jersey City on Monday -- an order placed two and a half weeks ago . Normally , salt arrives only two or three days after an order is placed . And the shipment is less than what the city will need , he said . Instead of badly needed salt , the city has been "  using pretty much anything and everything we can get our hands on , " including sand and liquid brine , Fulop said . But the New Jersey Department of Transportation says it has enough salt for "  several storms , " noting that its commissioner , James Simpson , has been working tirelessly to acquire more resources . "  In addition to getting salt from our normal channels , the commissioner has reached out to other companies and agencies for salt that we can obtain independently from our normal suppliers , " said Joseph Dee , a spokesman for the department . Daring motorists urged to smarten up before taking on bad weather Rules torpedo salt shipment While coordinating with one of its main salt suppliers , Dee said , the New Jersey DOT learned of a 40,000-ton pile of salt in Maine that had not been spoken for . Its supplier said , "  If you can get a ship to take it , it 's yours , " Dee said . According to the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 , also known as the Jones Act , all commercial goods transported between ports in U.S. waters must be carried on U.S.-flagged ships , but the New Jersey DOT did n't have a U.S.-flagged barge large enough to carry all of the salt in one trip . A waiver of the Jones Act would have to come from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . A Department of Homeland Security official said Tuesday that no decision has been made on waiving the requirements of the Jones Act . Dee said his department was seeking a waiver so a larger ship without a U.S. flag could make the delivery , but he got "  indications that the waiver was not going to be successful . " CNN first learned of the 40,000-ton salt supply via Twitter . The New Jersey DOT sent a smaller U.S.-flagged barge Monday night to bring about 9,500 tons of salt to New Jersey and expects it to arrive by Friday or Saturday , Dee said . The barge will have to make multiple trips to carry all of the salt , possibly taking several weeks . Dee did not know if more ships would become available to help transport the salt . Still , Dee says , New Jersey is well-equipped to handle any winter weather . "  Clearly we want the salt , we 'd like it as quickly as possible , but we have enough salt on hand , " he said . Some cities are close to their snowiest winter in history Shortages in other areas New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said this month that the long , snowy winter had left New York City and Long Island with salt shortages as well , prompting the state Department of Transportation to move 3,500 tons of road salt to those areas from state stockpiles , according to a statement . The state is also mixing sand with salt to stretch resources , a Cuomo spokesman said . Boston has gone beyond U.S. borders in its quest for more salt , receiving shipments from as far away as Mexico , according to a tweet from CNN affiliate WBZ . The scramble for salt has led many in other states to turn to alternatives to keep roads safe , with some methods of snow and ice removal proving to be cheaper than traditional salt . In Polk County , Wisconsin , cheese brine from factories is used for snow and ice control , said Michael Sproul , program manager at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation . "  Cheese brine is not an alternative to salt , it 's just a cheaper version , " he said , adding that it 's mixed with salt to conserve supplies . "  In Wisconsin , it 's a waste product . For us , it can be used on the roads . Someone can give it to us . We ask them to filter and deliver it , and we use it . ... We 're doing them a favor . It 's just another material that we can use with salt to treat the snow and ice that 's supposed to be close to free . " The brine is effective because it works at a lower temperature than normal salt , said Emil Norby , technical support manager at the Polk County Highway Department . In 2011 , Bergen County , New Jersey , officials used a mixture of salt and water that resembles pickle juice and costs significantly less than salt , former county Public Works Director Joe Crifasi told CNN affiliate WCBS . The county also had an exceptionally snowy winter this year . Other alternatives to salt have included liquid byproducts , including beer waste and beet juice , according to a study by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies , a New York state-based environmental group . Some communities are dealing with high costs for both salt and overtime for plow drivers . In Oak Park , Illinois , salt is three times the normal price because of high demand this winter , and overtime for plow workers is adding up . The New Jersey DOT reports that it has spent more than $ 82 million for snow and ice removal through February 11 of this year , compared with $ 62 million spent all of last year 's winter season . Even before the last storm , more than 372,000 tons of salt had been used in New Jersey this winter , compared with "  last year 's 258,000 tons for the whole winter , " Dee said . 5 reasons climate change is back in the news CNN 's Ross Levitt , Maria Santana , and Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	Salt shortages are hitting cities across the country , particularly in the Midwest and Northeast Federal rules have delayed delivery of a 40,000-ton pile of salt to New Jersey Some governments are using brine instead of salt , and others have used sand-salt mixtures Costs of snow removal are much higher now than in previous years
CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's bid to break Gerd Muller 's record for goals in a calendar year is back on after the Argentina star was named in Barcelona 's squad to travel to Real Betis on Sunday . Messi , who is one short of the German 's 1972 milestone mark of 85 , has made a quick recovery from the injury he suffered on Wednesday that had football fans around the world so worried . "  He completed training on Saturday without any kind of trouble , " coach Tito Vilanova said on Barca 's website . "  There are still a lot of hours until kickoff and we 'll all evaluate the situation together and decide whether he 'll play the full 90 minutes or just part of the match . "  The important thing is that he 's feeling okay ... But he could easily wake up in the morning and tell us he 's feeling pain again . " Mapping Messi 's annus mirabilis Messi injured his knee after coming on as a substitute in the 0-0 Champions League draw with Benfica , prompting fears that he would miss Barcelona 's last four games of 2012 . "  When I first felt the knock , the pain made me imagine I 'd be out for many months , " he said . However , he announced the following day that the injury was not serious -- and now it appears he is fit to face fifth-placed Betis . "  If he travels it 's because he 's ready to play . If there was the slightest risk , he would n't be going , " Vilanova said . "  I think Messi was comforted when he found out that it 's not a serious injury . If he wants to be in the squad because he 's not feeling any trouble , then so much the better for us . "  But he does n't need to make this kind of effort to show how much he loves this sport . " Barcelona went into the weekend six points clear of Atletico Madrid , who host Deportivo La Coruna earlier on Sunday . Champions Real Madrid closed to within two points of Atletico after coming from behind to beat seventh-placed Valladolid on Saturday . Angolan striker Manucho twice put the home side ahead , but Germany midfielder Mesut Osil scored his second goal of the match with a superb 72nd-minute free-kick that went in off the underside of the crossbar to clinch a vital win for Real . Jose Mourinho brought on Angel Di Maria and Luka Modric in the second half to boost his attacking options , then was able to substitute opening goalscorer Karim Benzema late in the match with Real ahead . Malaga , like Real and Barca through to the last 16 of the Champions League , moved up to fourth on goal difference after a 4-0 win at home to Granada . Joaquin and Javier Saviola scored in the first half , while Ignacio Camacho and Roque Santa Cruz netted late in the second to leave Granada third from bottom . In Italy , veteran striker Francesco Totti scored twice as Roma moved up to fourth place in Serie A with a 3-2 win at home to Fiorentina . Fiorentina could have moved above third-placed Inter Milan , but went 3-1 down as Totti netted his second in first-half injury time . Moroccan striker Mounir El Hamdaoui reduced the deficit immediately after the interval but Totti set up Argentina-born Italy international Pablo Osvaldo for his eighth goal this season to put the capital side above the visitors on goal difference . Atalanta moved up to seventh with a 2-1 win over mid-table Parma , as veteran Argentine striker German Denis netted the opener for his sixth goal in Serie A this campaign . Defender Federico Peluso made it 2-0 before Brazilian Amauri reduced the deficit just before halftime . Valencia beat Osasuna 1-0 in Ernesto Valverde 's first game as coach , moving up to 10th in the table thanks to a 55th-minute goal from Spain striker Roberto Soldado .	Lionel Messi named in Barcelona squad for Sunday 's La Liga trip to Real Betis Argentine has recovered quickly from injury that threatened his world record bid Messi is one goals short of Gerd Muller 's record of 85 in a calendar year Real Madrid come from behind to close gap on second-placed Atletico
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court sided on Tuesday with adoptive parents in a divisive custody fight over a Native American child after the biological father asserted his parental rights . The justices , by a 5-4 margin , said the adoption by a white couple was proper and did not intrude on the federal rights of the father , a registered member of the Cherokee tribe , over where his daughter , Veronica , 3 , would live . The court said the father could not rely on the Indian Child Welfare Act for relief because he never had legal or physical custody at the time of adoption proceedings , which were initiated by the birth mother without his knowledge . Justice Samuel Alito said when "  the adoption of an Indian child is voluntarily and lawfully initiated by a non-Indian parent with sole custodial rights , the  law 's  primary goal of preventing unwarranted removal of Indian children and the dissolution of Indian families is not implicated . " The appeal was filed by Matt and Melanie Capobianco , who legally adopted Veronica in 2009 shortly after the birth mother agreed to give up the child . She is known in court papers as "  Baby Girl . " The South Carolina Supreme Court ruled last year for the biological father , Dusten Brown , who had sought custody after Veronica 's birth . He is a registered member of the Cherokee Nation and is raising the child in Oklahoma . The ICWA remains in effect , but the high court majority concluded the biological father could not apply it to his circumstances . The Supreme Court ruling throws the issue back to the state courts , but it was not clear whether and when Brown would have to turn the girl over to the Capobiancos . The Charleston , South Carolina , couple said they hope the ruling will prevent disruptions of other adoptions . "  We are very happy with the ruling today . The Supreme Court gave us everything that we asked for , " Melanie Capobianco told CNN affiliate WCSC . "  They made it very clear that Veronica would have never been taken from her home and from her family and that the adoption would have been approved . " She and Matt Capobianco said separation from Veronica has been difficult . "  We are looking forward to seeing her again soon when we have the opportunity to do so , because we miss her so very much , " said Melanie Capobianco . Christinna Maldanado , Veronica 's birth mother , also expressed satisfaction . "  Matt and Melanie are part of my family , and they have treated me like part of theirs . I 'm hopeful that we will all be reunited with Veronica very soon , " the statement said . There was no immediate reaction from Brown , or the tribe . But Native American groups remained hopeful he would still keep custody . "  While we are pleased the court has upheld ICWA , we 're very disappointed for Dusten , Veronica , and the Brown family that the court has ruled to send the case back to the South Carolina courts on a technicality , " said Jefferson Keel , president of the National Congress of American Indians . "  However , the courts in South Carolina have previously affirmed that Dusten Brown is Veronica 's father and that he is a fit parent . We are confident that his parental rights will be upheld and that Veronica will stay with her family , " Keel said . The case is Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl , a Minor Child Under the Age of Fourteen Years  12-399	Sharply divided Supreme Court says adoption by white couple of Native American girl was legal Justices say the father , a member of the Cherokee Nation , can not rely on federal law for relief Case goes back to South Carolina courts ; Girl being raised in Oklahoma by father Adoptive family , birth mother express satisfaction with ruling
New York  CNN  -- John Lennon 's autographed lyrics for "  A Day in the Life " -- one of the top tunes from an iconic album -- went for more than a song Friday when it was sold at Sotheby 's Auction house in New York for $ 1,202,500 . The price paid by a private American collector is close to the sale price in 2005 when Lennon 's lyrics for "  All you need is Love " sold for over $ 1.2 million . A total of three bidders weighed in for the manuscript , taking over six minutes until the bidding ended . The double-sided single sheet of paper written in Lennon 's hand includes cross-outs and corrections , and chronicles the evolution of one of the most famous musical masterpieces by the Beatles . "  A Day in the Life " was the final track of the Beatles ' legendary 1967 album , "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . " The album spent 27 weeks at the top of the British charts and 15 weeks at number one on the American Billboard 200 . The album is considered a turning point in the career of the Beatles , transforming them from pop icons to among the 20th century 's leading artists . Rolling Stone magazine has ranked "  A Day in the Life " as number 26 in its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time . Rolling Stone Assistant Editor Andy Greene thinks the song and the album deserve higher praise , considering it was the last album the Beatles collectively worked on together . "  That album was the beginning of the Album Era , " said Greene . "  It was the Big Bang of albums . This was the first concept album . All the songs go together to tell a story and it 's inspired every musician . " The lyrics , once owned by Mal Evans , the Beatles ' road manager , exceeded Sotheby 's estimates of $ 500,000 to $ 700,000 . The lyrics were sold by an unidentified collector , an American , who purchased the sheet in 1992 at Sotheby 's for # 48,000 , or $ 93,000 . The auction house said the seller plans to use the proceeds to buy a vineyard . The first side of the lyrics -- which are believed to have been composed on the morning and afternoon of January 17 , 1967 -- features a rough draft written in script with a black felt marker and blue ballpoint pen , with a few annotations in red ink . The other side of the page , whose ink is also bright and vibrant , is written in block letters , according to Sotheby 's spokesman Dan Abernethy . Both versions begin with the same familiar line : "  I read the news today , oh boy . " Rolling Stone 's Greene did n't seem fazed by the expected sale price for the lyrics . "  I can see why it 's worth that , " he said . "  Beatles stuff always sells well . It is the crown jewel of the Beatles collection . "	Double-sided sheet of paper sells for $ 1,202,500 Final track on ` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ' Believed composed on the morning and afternoon of January 17 , 1967
CNN  -- Two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames Thursday on a bridge between the United States and Mexico , shutting a key border crossing and killing four people , police said . Police look at the aftermath of a fiery crash on a bridge linking Reynosa , Mexico , and Pharr , Texas . The collision on the Pharr-Reynosa International Bridge in Texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles , said Lt. Lupe Salinas with the Pharr Police Department . A pickup flipped off the bridge , killing three people . Another person died in a vehicle that struck one of the tractor-trailers . Six others were injured . Pharr Emergency Management Coordinator Elsa Sanchez told The Associated Press the pickup truck had Texas license plates , and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have Mexican plates . Watch aftermath of fiery crash " The accident happened around 7:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  . The bridge was closed for the rest of the evening . The bridge reopened on Friday morning after Texas Department of Trnasportation engineers inspected it , according to CNN affiliate KRGV . The bridge is normally open from 6 a.m. until midnight and is closed overnight . The 3.2-mile-long bridge connects U.S. 281 in Pharr , Texas , to the city of Reynosa in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas , according to the city of Pharr 's Web site . On an average day , the site says , 5,800 vehicles cross it . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Payne and Jessica Jordan contributed to this story . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Bridge reopens Friday morning after highway engineers give OK Four killed in chain reaction crash that started when two tractor-trailers collided Three killed in pickup truck that fell off bridge ; 4th victim in car that hit one 18-wheeler Crash happened on bridge linking Pharr , Texas , and Reynosa , Mexico
EW.com  -- Look here , it 's Jep , Si and Willie Robertson at New York Fashion Week ! Which begs the question : Why were the Duck Dynasty stars mingling with models backstage at the Evening by Sherri Hill fashion show ? Members of the Robertson clan were in town to watch Willie 's 16-year-old daughter Sadie make her runway debut at designer Sherri Hill 's Spring 2014 presentation on Monday . Willie , wife Korie , and their three other children â $ " John Luke , Will , and Bella â $ " sat in the front row alongside Si , Willie 's brother Jep and his wife Jessica to watch Sadie strut down the catwalk . EW : New crowdfunding campaign raising money for a ` Duck Dynasty ' sneaker line Before the show , the aspiring model admitted to E! News that she was "  a little nervous , but more excited than anything . " "  I 've done small -LSB- fashion-related -RSB- things in Louisiana , but this is New York Fashion Week , " she said . "  This is a whole new ball game ! " Robertson modeled a black-and-white gown with a sequin and mesh bodice and polka dot-print skirt , which had been pre-approved by her father . "  They have to make it once by me to make sure I give 'em the thumbs-up , " Willie said of playing the fashion police . EW : David and Victoria Beckham 's daughter Harper sits front-row at Fashion Week This is n't the first time designer Sherri Hill has hired celebrity offspring to drum up buzz for her line . In 2012 , Kim Kardashian caused a media pile-up when she attended Hill 's Spring show to watch stepsister Kendall Jenner hit the catwalk . Kathie Lee Gifford showed up to support daughter Cassidy Gifford at Hill 's 2011 show . Sadie 's great-uncle Si told E! that the event was his first fashion show . "  And it 'll probably be the last , " he quipped . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sadie Robertson from "  Duck Dynasty " walked in her first show Her family came out to support her at New York Fashion Week
CNN  -- Pop star Justin Bieber was arrested Thursday and was charged with drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license after police spotted him street racing early Thursday morning . Here 's what we know about elements of the case : 1 . Bieber "  made some statements that he had consumed some alcohol , and that he had been smoking marijuana and consumed some prescription medication , " said Miami Beach Police Chief Raymond Martinez . How did Bieber , who 's just 19 , get the alcohol , marijuana and pills ? An excellent question , and one that has no certain answer . Bieber may be 19 but he had "  an entourage of about 15 people , " says CNN 's John Couwels . In Miami Beach that included Bieber 's father , Jeremy Bieber , 38 . Given money , fame and willing pals , Bieber conceivably had access to whatever he desired . Justin Bieber arrested on drunken driving , resisting arrest charges 2 . Bieber was driving a yellow Lamborghini . Again , given his age , how did he rent it ? Lou La Vie , the exotic-auto rental establishment from which Bieber rented the Lambo , posted a blog entry and a series of pictures about the return of the vehicle and another on Thursday . "  For everyone that was concerned with the news , the cars are back safe and sound ! Believe half of what you see and none of what you hear , " the firm wrote . According to Lou La Vie 's rental policy , "  LLV requires driver to be 25 years of age and older to rent a vehicle . In certain cases , we may be able to rent to drivers between the ages of 21-25 . " The Lamborghinis rent for between $ 600 and $ 1,800 a day , and require a deposit of between $ 5,000 and $ 12,000 . The person who made the rental for Bieber has n't been revealed . Rob Ferretti , the COO of Gotham Dream Cars , which has a Miami location , says his company requires both a valid driver 's license and valid insurance and will not rent to people under 21 . Gotham also runs a license check to make sure there are n't any surprises in the driver 's background , Ferretti says . However , he observed , those policies are n't uniform in the rental-car world . The Smoking Tire 's Matt Farah told Jalopnik.com that the onus is on the rental company , not the renter . "  The law varies by state but technically anyone under 21 should n't be driving even if someone of age signs for the car , " he said . "  It would be the burden of the rental company to prosecute that , though ; as long as the car is n't stolen the cops would n't care . " 3 . Bieber is a Canadian citizen . Could this arrest lead to his deportation ? It 's too early to say . First of all , Bieber has not been convicted of a crime . Second , the charges thus far are misdemeanors . The state attorney 's office told CNN that it could take several weeks to determine what type of charges may be added -- if there are charges added at all . U.S. immigration law says people can be deported if they 're convicted of what 's called an "  aggravated felony " or a "  crime of moral turpitude . " HLN 's Vinnie Politan , a former prosecutor , points out , "  DUI is not an aggravated felony . However , ` aggravated DUI ' can be considered a crime of moral turpitude . An aggravated DUI in Florida is generally charged for repeat offenders or in cases where an accident has occurred resulting in serious injury or death . " However , Politan says he believes Bieber would not likely face deportation as a result of these charges . 4 . Could the police file more charges in the Bieber case ? Maybe . The state attorney 's office told CNN it is looking at a variety of sources , including social media accounts , and will decide if other charges are warranted , including contributing to the delinquency of a minor or street racing . Bieber and his cohort , R&B singer Khalil , were doing up to 60 mph in a 30 mph zone , according to the police report . 5 . Was Bieber given preferential treatment ? There are n't any reports of the Miami Beach Police treating Bieber any differently than other people they 've arrested . However , three officers in nearby Opa-Locka have been suspended in connection with allegations that they escorted Bieber 's caravan in the Miami area without authorization this week . CNN 's John Couwels and Tory Dunnan contributed to this report .	Justin Bieber 's arrest Thursday raises several questions Bieber , 19 , told police he had been drinking , smoking pot Bieber is a Canadian citizen ; could arrest hurt his U.S. status ?
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- America faces an economic calamity . Trouble brews in faraway lands . Superman # 14 , cover art . Artist : Fred Ray .  c  1941 DC Comics . All rights reserved . Sound familiar ? More than 70 years ago , the very first superheroes debuted in the dire times of the Great Depression and the early years of World War II . Their names became legend -- Superman , Batman  or , as he was then known , the Bat-Man  , Wonder Woman , Captain America -- and they 're still with us today . A new exhibit at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles celebrates these icons from the Golden Age of Comic Books . Through a collection of rare original artwork and comics , the exhibit explores how a group of mostly Jewish artists created the costumed heroes who came to symbolize the hopes of a beleaguered nation . "  In the 1930s , the American Dream had become a nightmare , and I think comic books and superheroes in particular provided an escapist form of entertainment that allowed the American public to go into a fantasy world where all the ills of the world were righted by these larger-than-life heroes , " says Erin Clancy , a curator at the Skirball . Watch a tour of the exhibit " Guest curator Jerry Robinson not only organized the exhibit , he 's a part of it . The comic book pioneer created Batman 's arch-enemy , The Joker , and named the caped crusader 's sidekick Robin .  Success has many fathers , of course : Bob Kane , credited with creating Batman , has long disputed elements of Robinson 's creation stories . "  We were just emerging from the Depression , " Robinson recalls . "  Superman started in 1938 . Batman started in 1939 . So , we were just recovering . " Robinson says the villains changed with the times . "  The first villains in the comic books were hijackers , embezzlers , bank robbers . It was the era of Pretty Boy Floyd and so forth . Once the war came along , we felt a need for more patriotic heroes to fight Hitler . "  In fact , " he adds , "  Hitler banned American comics , at least Superman and superheroes . He said they were Jewish . Little did he know that the creators were actually Jewish . ... Hitler banned American comics , except one : Mickey Mouse , which was his favorite . " One of the highlights of the collection is Robinson 's original sketch for The Joker . "  My first thought was that a villain who had a sense of humor would be different and memorable , " he says . "  So , I 'm thinking of a name for a villain that has a sense of humor . I thought of ` The Joker ' as a name , and as soon as I thought that , I associate it with the playing card , as my family had a tradition of champion playing ; my brother was a contract champion bridge player . There were always cards around the house . "  So I searched , and luckily it had the typical image of the joker , which came out of a tradition in Europe . This was an important element . Throughout history , we had court jesters , clowns , and so this was an iconic image that was also very useful . " In our own times , the public is turning to costumed heroes again in record numbers . Movies based on comic books are box office leaders ; comic books themselves remain a strong and growing industry . "  I think the comic book superhero came out of a context in which the political , social and economic realties were a little tough , " Clancy says , "  and we can certainly relate to those realities now in our own day . I think the resurgence of popularity of superheroes can be attributed to that . " Last year , audiences made "  The Dark Knight " the second-highest grossing film of all time . The late Heath Ledger , who won a best supporting actor Oscar for his performance as The Joker in that film , spoke with Robinson before he died . "  I was flattered to hear from him that he based the whole concept of The Joker 's persona and rationale on our first concept of The Joker , " Robinson says . With the box office success of "  The Dark Knight " and "  Iron Man " -- plus comic book-inspired films like "  The First Avenger : Captain America , " "  The Avengers " and "  Thor " in development -- it looks like superheroes will continue to inspire . "  I think heroes are back , " Robinson says . "  I think you can almost chart it . The times are not so good -- we 're looking for heroes . " All images and characters copyright DC Comics . DC Comics , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	Superman , Batman , others born during Great Depression , early World War II years New exhibit shows "  golden age " of superhero characters Artist Jerry Robinson , who created The Joker : "  We 're looking for heroes "
EW  -- Daniel Tosh is n't the sort of comedian who typically apologizes for anything . His hit Comedy Central series "  Tosh .0 " frequently explores potentially offensive territory with jokes that some would consider misogynistic or racist , and that his fans find hilarious . But it seems Tosh firmly strayed over the line during a recent live appearance . The comedian tweeted an apology and a link to a blogger 's account of his recent stand-up performance . "  All the out of context misquotes aside , I 'd like to sincerely apologize , " Tosh wrote . The original anonymous "  friend of a friend " account would be too sketchy to use for a source if not for Tosh 's tweet acknowledging there is some substance to it . So keeping in mind that Tosh says he was misquoted , the original account was by a female audience member who says she was unfamiliar with Tosh 's act when she caught his performance at the Hollywood Laugh Factory . She claims , "  Tosh -LSB- started -RSB- making some very generalizing , declarative statements about rape jokes always being funny , how can a rape joke not be funny , rape is hilarious . " The audience member felt "  provoked " and says she yelled out , "  Actually , rape jokes are never funny ! " Continues the account : "  After I called out to him , Tosh paused for a moment . Then , he says , ` Would n't it be funny if that girl got raped by like , 5 guys right now ? Like right now ? What if a bunch of guys just raped her ... ' and I , completely stunned and finding it hard to process what was happening but knowing I needed to get out of there , immediately nudged my friend , who was also completely stunned , and we high-tailed it out of there ... I should probably add that having to basically flee while Tosh was enthusing about how hilarious it would be if I was gang-raped in that small , claustrophobic room was pretty viscerally terrifying ... " Tosh tweeted : "  The point I was making before I was heckled is there are awful things in the world but you can still make jokes about them , " then added : "  On a lighter note tonight 's new episode of Tosh .0 will be featuring clowns . " Comedy Central had no comment . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Comic Daniel Tosh has tweeted an apology for a recent stand-up appearance Tosh says alleged comments about rape were taken out of context The comedian was performing at the Hollywood Laugh Factory
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A new cable network for Latino audiences will mark the culmination of two decades of filmmaking for writer-director Robert Rodriguez , who is leading the ambitious effort . "  I 've been on this journey for 20 years now ... and this seems to be the reason , " " Rodriguez said Friday during a conference of independent Latino filmmakers and documentarians . "  What 's great about this is that no one is doing this for an audience that is growing so fast , " Rodriguez said , referring to how Latinos are now the nation 's No. 2 group in the latest census , surpassing the 50 million mark . "  When you think that there 's nothing on television like this , it boggles the mind . " The El Rey network starts broadcasting between September 2013 and January 2014 . It is a daunting venture as talk show queen Oprah has discovered at her struggling OWN Network , whose woes have resulted in recent layoffs . But the film maker of "  El Mariachi , " "  Spy Kids " and other features is n't deterred . "  I 'm glad I 'm so naÃ ¯ ve , " Rodriguez said . "  I do n't think about the obstacles too far in advance . " The response has been overwhelming , according to Rodriguez , who was attending the Friday opener of the annual NALIP conference . The network will allow Latino filmmakers to tell stories about the Latino community from their own point of view , he said . El Rey network will also appeal to general audiences , he added . "  It not only reflects the identity of a culture but shapes it , " Rodriguez said of the new network . Rodriguez is Mexican-American with deep roots in Texas , where his family can trace its history to a land grant in 1760 , he said . He grew up making movies in his backyard with a home video camera and proved to the world that a film can be made "  with very little money and no film crew " when he enjoyed widespread success with "  El Mariachi " in the early 1990s . The El Rey network will offer "  an action-packed , general entertainment network in English for Latino and general audiences that includes a mix of reality , scripted and animated series , movies , documentaries , news , music , comedy , and sports programming , " according to Comcast . The Federal Communications Commission and the U.S. Justice Department last year approved the merger of Comcast and NBC Universal , and now Comcast is starting the Aspire cable network for African-Americans led by Magic Johnson ; the Revolt network for pop music by Sean "  P. Diddy " Combs and MTV veteran Andy Schuon ; and Rodriguez 's El Rey network , said NALIP board member Joseph Torres . The independent Latino producers group was formed in 1999 when film documentarian Maria Agui Carter and other Latinos banded together to address their under-representation in mass media , Carter said . "  We used to be few hundred people that started in 1999 , very frustrated at lack of access , trying to kick down the doors " of major media and film making outlets , Carter said . "  Through our own community building , we finally realized that we are the ones that we were waiting for . " The group now touts a newsletter of industry trends with 10,000 subscribers , and this week will address how the nation 's second-largest group watches more television , buys more movie tickets and consumes more media than any other ethnicity -- and yet comprises less than 1 % of executives in Hollywood . At its annual conference that began Friday in Universal City , California , the group will honor actress Rita Moreno , who has won an Oscar , an Emmy , a Tony and a Grammy Award , and will feature a keynote speech by Rodriguez . NALIP describes itself as the nation 's pre-eminent association for Latino independent film and video makers . The NALIP 2012 conference , called "  Diverse Voices , Universal Content , " is chiefly sponsored by Time Warner  the parent company of CNN  and the National Latino Media Council . "  We are celebrating the incredible explosion of Latinos in the media both in front and behind the camera , " Carter said . "  There are great improvements in the representation of Latinos , especially in television , but there are very few directors , vice presidents and above , film and TV executives and very few at the major and mini-major studios and few in the  talent  agencies and the management companies , " Carter said . "  That , of course , affects the opportunities that Latinos in the media are able to take advantage of , " she said . The group points out how the presence of minority industry writers in film and television has been stuck at 6 % since 1999 and the percentage of minority directors is even smaller . Meanwhile , Latinos are estimated to spend $ 1 billion on U.S. filmed entertainment and hold $ 1 trillion in general market buying power , NALIP says . On Saturday , the organization will discuss "  race and the media " in a closing plenary that will look at how systemic , economic and cultural factors affect representation in mass media . Torres , co-author with New York Daily News columnist Juan Gonzalez of "  News for All the People : The Epic Story of Race and the American Media , " said among the ways to remedy the inequities is continued training of "  the new generation of filmmakers . " Advocacy groups also need to hold media companies accountable through federal laws and policy , said Torres , who is senior director at the national media reform and public interest group Free Press . Government policy "  determines who are the corporate gatekeepers , who owns media outlets under mergers , and whether the Internet will continue to remain a communications network for people to express themselves , " Torres said . The El Rey network would be "  the biggest opportunity , the biggest bellwether trend , for opening mainstream media to Latinos , " Torres said . "  It 's one of the biggest opportunities to come around in a while for Latinos , to have a presence in cable television , " Torres said . "  It 's going to be an opportunity for jobs and producing content . "	Filmmaker Robert Rodriguez will lead El Rey , a new Latino network The network will launch between September 2013 and January 2014 "  When you think that there 's nothing on television like this , it boggles the mind , " he says He speaks at the National Association of Latino Independent Producers conference
CNN  It 's long been known that dogs and cats , with their highly developed sense of smell , can be trained to identify the volatile chemicals released by human illnesses . In some cases , researchers have even trained household pets to detect cancer or predict epileptic seizures . But what if we could fine tune that sense and put it into a microchip , allowing us to create a breathalyzer for diseases ? For Dr. Andrew Koehl , the inventor of the microchip spectrometer technology at the heart of this "  digital nose " , the technology that will allow us to do just that is already here . "  We can detect down to parts per billion levels , " Koehl says . "  To give you an analogy that 's equivalent to one drop in an Olympic size swimming pool . " The sensor , which is no bigger than a dime , works by creating a spectrum of what chemicals are in the air . It then identifies each chemical 's unique make-up . If the sensor is set and calibrated to a certain level , it will trigger an alarm . Work continues to shrink it even further in a bid to enter the healthcare market . Within several years , the company hopes to develop it as a diagnostic tool . "  What 's amazing is that there really are compounds on your breath that indicate illness , that 's been shown through a number of studies and we can detect those , " he said . "  There have already been a number of research papers published suggesting we can detect cancer , detect tuberculosis , detect asthma . " Initially , the technology had been developed for defense purposes . He said the threat posed by the events of September 11 had got him thinking about the security applications of this type of sensor . "  Originally it was aimed at detecting things like explosives , toxic chemicals and other threats that might occur , " Dr Koehl told CNN . Developed at a research lab at the University of Cambridge in the UK and now in commercial production at a company called Owlstone with close links to the university , Dr Koehl says the sensor is already in use by oil industry giants like BP and Shell and in the food industry by Coca Cola and Nestle . Eventually the sensor could become a part of many everyday appliances , alerting consumers to which foods are going bad in the fridge or even the optimum moment to take the roast out of the oven . You could even , one day , have a digital nose that you could carry in your hip pocket . "  More recently we 've been looking at consumer spaces so we 're talking to a number of manufacturers of mobile phones and mobile phone components , " he said . "  We want to develop a module small enough to put into mobile devices like phones . "	Researches know that dogs and cats can sometimes detect diseases with their keen sense of smell Owlstone has created a microchip that can detect chemical molecules in the air with great accuracy Eventually the company wants to enter the healthcare space with a breathalyzer that could detect diseases Its ` digital nose ' can already detect down to parts per billion , equivalent to one drop in an Olympic swimming pool
CNN  -- A journalist who was interviewing a key political protest leader in Bangkok said the sniper bullet that struck the man came so close that it "  felt like it grazed my head . " Describing a chaotic scene on the streets of the Thai capital Thursday night , Thomas Fuller of the International Herald Tribune described to CNN how Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol was shot in the head as he was interviewing the opposition figure . "  I was facing him , he was answering my questions , looking at me and the bullet hit him in the forehead , from what I could tell , " Fuller told CNN 's Michael Holmes . "  It looks like the bullet came over my head and struck him . I do n't have any way of confirming this beyond what I remember from the scene , but it felt like it grazed my head . " Thomas Fuller describes scene in Bangkok Fuller and other journalists were interviewing the general -- better known as Seh Daeng -- in makeshift barricades that protesters have set up in downtown Bangkok . The United Front for Democracy  UDD  has turned the posh commercial center of Bangkok into a makeshift fortress , as they continue to demand that Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections . The protesters ' barricades appear as a combination "  of ` Mad Max ' and some medieval scene , " Fuller said . Bamboo pikes and rubber tire barricades have been formed as a makeshift camp by the protesters , Fuller said . iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video Fuller said he was just inside the barricades when he was interviewing Seh Daeng . The opposition figure was facing out of the barricades and into Bangkok 's business district of tall office buildings . "  He was standing in the same location for a while when I was talking to him but he was moving around , he was gesticulating , " Fuller said . "  He was n't standing still , he was bobbing his head . " Seh Daeng did not appear to be armed or have bodyguards but was dressed in camouflage jacket and a floppy hat , Fuller said . The opposition leader was listed in critical condition from the shooting , his guards said . Violence erupted after Thai authorities set a new deadline to seal off the Bangkok intersection where protesters have gathered by the thousands for the past month . Escalating violence in Bangkok The government said it has been forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Abhisit to vacate the intersection by Wednesday . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . What are the protests about ? Seh Daeng -- or Red Commander -- is a controversial public figure , even within the protest movement , Fuller said . Some Thai opposition leaders see him as an impediment to a peaceful resolution to the political stalemate that has gripped Thai politics , Fuller said . "  He 's a renegade in all sense , " Fuller said . "  He 's a renegade from the army , a hardliner within the protest movement . He told me today he thought they  other opposition leaders  were being cowardly , and he wanted to carry on . " More than two dozen civilians and military personnel have died in police-protester clashes in the ongoing unrest .	Reporter was interviewing Thai opposition figure when man was shot in head Many Thai protesters has set up a makeshift barricade , reporter says More than two dozen civilians , military personnel have died from police-protester clashes
CNN  -- Twitter users will be seeing a new look on their desktops and laptops soon , one that will look familiar if they also use the app on their smartphones . In a post Monday afternoon , Twitter announced "  a refreshed twitter.com reflecting the look & feel of our iOS & Android apps . " The look wo n't be a change for some users . Twitter has been testing out the new design on about 1 % of people who use the site , studying their habits and making tweaks before rolling it out to everyone . The main change , other than aesthetics , is a built-in "  compose " box in the left rail of the Web page . The new location eliminates the old pop-up style compose box and appears to be a way for Twitter to encourage more users to actually tweet instead of just browse . Twitter has said in the past that as many as 40 % of its users are "  lurkers , " folks who read what others post but do n't share anything themselves . Users also will see their profile and header photos at the top of a rail on the left of the page . The main Twitter feed appears to be largely unchanged . The new design had not appeared for all users as of Tuesday . Twitter did n't offer a specific timetable ,	New Twitter Web design mimics mobile apps Built-in "  compose " box makes it quicker to post Some users have had test designs for weeks
Washington  CNN  -- More U.S. Marines are fortifying security at the American Embassy in Nairobi following the deadly shopping mall attack there , CNN has learned . Two U.S. officials confirmed the move in Kenya , but declined to be identified because they are not authorized to speak publicly about the matter . The newly arrived Marines are part of a unit specially trained in enhanced security , including providing personal protection to senior American officials . That kind of assistance was recently added to tasks performed by the embassy guard program after the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , last year . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the armed assault that , in part , focused attention on State Department security readiness and military response . The security step also follows a State Department travel advisory on Wednesday about potential terror threats in East Africa from al Qaeda and affiliated groups following the Westgate Mall attack and standoff that killed 67 people . Due to security concerns , the officials would not discuss the precise number of Marines added to the embassy since the shopping mall attack . While there is no specific threat against the embassy at this time , the Obama administration deemed it a "  high threat " facility , the officials said . The United States has doubled the number of Marine guards at the Nairobi embassy in the past eight weeks . The force was first increased during a heightened state of alert during which the United States close nearly two dozen embassies worldwide due to a threat from al Qaeda in Yemen . Security was beefed up again prior to the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . Separately on Thursday , Attorney General Eric Holder said there was no evidence so far to indicate that any Americans were involved in the Nairobi attack . Citing a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the situation and the latest security assessment , CNN reported on Wednesday that authorities want to know if any Americans were among the attackers as claimed by the Somali-based al-Shabaab terror group said to be behind it . Was ` White Widow ' involved in mall attack ? Kenyan authorities have said the attackers were from a number of countries , but have not confirmed that any Americans were involved . "  We do n't have verifiable information that would indicate one way or the other way whether any Americans were involved , " Holder said . "  That is one of the things that we are trying to do with our Kenyan colleagues - go through the forensic things , materials that we have , physical things to make that kind of determination . " United States knows so far that the attack that began on Saturday was carefully planned . FBI experts are assisting the Kenyans on a preliminary basis . They have specific expertise in analyzing explosives and fingerprints . "  FBI agents have been on the ground since right after the incident began . We have been flowing resources into Nairobi on a continuing basis . We have had conversations about this matter both here and at the White House , " Holder said . American forensic investigators were granted access to mall alongside Kenyan officials on Thursday , CNN 's Evan Perez reported . But U.S. law enforcement officials told Perez that there is an increasing concern that some of the perpetrators escaped alongside fleeing victims , making the effort to piece together who was responsible more difficult . The updated State Department travel caution on security threats and terror activities worldwide included the Kenya attack , saying al-Shabaab had "  taken credit " for it . "  Al-Shabaab assassinations , suicide bombings , hostage taking , and indiscriminate attacks in civilian-populated areas are also frequent in Somalia , " the advisory said . Holder added that there was no "  specific , credible evidence " that al-Shabaab is planning anything domestically . "  I am not sure they have the capacity to do anything in the United States , " he said , adding that the United States is taking the "  threat that they pose " seriously . A U.S. official with access to the latest intelligence told CNN the State Department advisory was issued out of an "  abundance of caution . " But officials are concerned there could be other plots in the works . Source : Kenya mall attack suspect eyed after ammunition fell out of his pocket	First on CNN : Additional Marines sent to embassy in Kenya following shopping mall attack Marines are specially trained in personal protection for senior officials Move follows State Department travel advisory , which includes latest overseas terror attack NEW : Some suspects may have escaped alongside fleeing shoppers ; U.S. gains access to mall
CNN  -- Dutch striker Robin van Persie has returned to the Arsenal squad for their European Champions League clash against Barcelona on Tuesday . Van Persie , 27 , was expected to miss the second leg of the last 16 tie after suffering a knee injury while scoring Arsenal 's goal in the 2-1 Carling Cup final defeat to Birmingham City . However , manager Arsene Wenger told a news conference : "  Van Persie has made quick progress over the last few days and this morning he had tests as he really wanted to play . "  I really want him to play but only if he is 100 % fit . With Van Persie he has had a ligament problem which is different to a muscular injury and so the risk is a lot less of himself doing damage . " The Gunners were given a further boost with the news that captain Cesc Fabregas has a "  90 % " chance of facing the Spanish giants . Spain 's Fabregas has been sidelined with a hamstring injury picked up in Wenger 's side 's 1-0 win over Stoke on February 23 . Wenger also confirmed England midfielder Jack Wilshere will be fit for the tie , which Arsenal lead 2-1 ahead of the second leg at the Nou Camp , but central midfielder Alex Song will miss the match with a knee injury . "  Cesc is vital for us because he is important in the transition between attacking and defending . He is also the leader of the team so we want him there . "  Alex Song is completely out . He had a test on Sunday morning and it was negative . Wilshere will be fit . " Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola also has his own injury worries ahead of Tuesday 's match . The former Barca captain is currently suffering from a back injury and will spend Monday night receiving treatment ahead of the game . The 40-year-old is expected to be fit enough to stand on the touchline for the contest with Arsenal and Guardiola hopes the London team 's top players are fit enough to take part . "  I want all the great players to play , everyone against everyone and see a great show tomorrow , " Guardiola told a press conference . "  I hope they are all in the team , Van Persie , Samir Nasri , Cesc  Fabregas  , because I would like to play the best possible Arsenal . "  Arsenal are always at the top , when you compete every season at the top , it is because they are quality . Many teams arrive at the top for a year , but then are finished . Arsenal are there every season . " The Catalan outfit are without first-choice central defensive duo Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique for the match . Former Manchester United defender Pique is suspended , while captain Puyol has been out with a knee problem since January .	Robin van Persie has been named in Arsenal 's squad for their match at Barcelona Van Persie picked up a knee injury in Arsenal 's Carling Cup final defeat to Birmingham Arsene Wenger says Cesc Fabregas has a "  90 % " chance of playing in the match Barcelona will be without defensive duo Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique
CNN  -- It 's a long way from the bits and bytes of Silicon Valley to the bright lights of Broadway . But former Facebook exec Randi Zuckerberg is ready for her turn on stage . Zuckerberg , the sister of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , will do a two-week stint in "  Rock of Ages , " the Tony Award-nominated musical that celebrates the glam-metal rock of the 1980s . Her appearance is part of a "  social networking " promotion by the show , now in its fifth year .  It also inspired a 2012 movie with Tom Cruise . "  For over 2,000 performances ` Rock of Ages ' has taken audiences on a wild ride back to when ` social ' meant something very different , " producer Matthew Weaver said on the show 's website . "  Every performance , for the last five years , has delivered an incredible onstage and audience experience , earning the show its title as Broadway 's Best Party . So for the next four weeks , kicking off with Randi Zuckerberg , we 're going to be ` sharing ' the love with our audiences with a ton of fun surprises . " Zuckerberg , now CEO of Zuckerberg Media and author of New York Times bestseller , "  Dot Complicated : Untangling Our Wired Lives , " confirmed as much on her Facebook page . "  Friends , it 's official ! I 'm joining the cast of Rock of Ages on Broadway from March 14-28 !!! #LifeDreamComeTrue #Iwannarock , " she wrote . It 's her first time on Broadway -- and likely a first for any dotcom exec -- but Zuckerberg is no stranger behind the microphone . She sings in a band called Feedbomb , made up of current and former Facebook employees . The lighthearted group 's numbers range from Cee-Lo 's "  Forget You " to a Carly Rae Jepsen parody , "  Fund Me Maybe . " "  Theater-going is one of the few sacred activities where audiences truly unplug and enjoy the moment with the live entertainment right in front of them , " Zuckerberg said in the statement . "  It 's been a lifelong dream for me to perform on Broadway . I thought I needed to shelve those dreams for my career , but this experience has taught me that there are multiple paths to achieving our dreams . "  In the age of social media where we share both our professional and our personal lives , having a successful career no longer means putting your hobbies and passions aside . As a New Yorker , a theater-lover , and a child of the 80s , I could n't be more thrilled for the opportunity to perform in ` Rock of Ages ' on Broadway . " Zuckerberg will play city planner Regina , whose numbers include Twisted Sister 's "  We 're Not Gon na Take It " and Jefferson Starship 's "  We Built This City . " Other songs in the show include Quiet Riot 's "  Cum on Feel the Noize , " Night Ranger 's "  Sister Christian " and Poison 's "  Every Rose Has Its Thorn " but not , curiously , Def Leppard 's "  Rock of Ages . "	Former Facebook exec Randi Zuckerberg will appear in "  Rock of Ages " Zuckerberg 's two-week run is part of a social-networking promotion She 'll play city planner Regina in the jukebox-style show Zuckerberg sings in a Facebook-employee band , Feedbomb
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- There have been conflicting accounts of how former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto died Thursday . Here is a timeline of the accounts reported by CNN . Late Thursday , Pakistan time : • Pakistani police say that a suicide bomber killed 14 people at a rally in Rawalpindi organized by Bhutto supporters . A Bhutto spokesman says the opposition leader was rushed away from the scene and was safe . Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto arrives at a campaign rally Thursday in Rawalpindi , Pakistan . • Pakistan 's Geo Television Network , quoting Bhutto 's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , reports the ex-premier was critically wounded in the bombing . • Former Pakistani government spokesman Tariq Azim Khan says Bhutto was hurt leaving the rally , but there is no indication whether she was shot or hurt in the bombing . Reports from police and the Bhutto camp conflict over whether she was injured . • Geo TV quotes Zardari saying his wife suffered a bullet wound to the neck after the suicide bombing . • Khan and Pakistan 's primary television networks report Bhutto is dead . Television reports indicate she died of bullet wounds suffered after the suicide bombing . • Khan says it appears Bhutto was shot , but he adds it 's unclear whether bullets or shrapnel caused her wounds . • Doctors and a spokesman for Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party confirm the ex-premier 's death , but it remains unclear how she was killed . • Police tell CNN that a suicide bomber riding a motorcycle detonated himself near Bhutto 's motorcade . She was rushed to nearby Rawalpindi General Hospital , where doctors pronounced her dead . Khan says it 's unclear if a bullet or shrapnel dealt the fatal wounds . Friday morning , Pakistan time : • The Pakistani Interior Ministry tells the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan that Bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck . The suicide bomber fired shots before blowing himself up , the ministry tells the news agency . A photographer for Getty Images confirms hearing three shots before the blast . • CNN quotes a witness who describes Bhutto 's killer as a "  thin young man jumping toward the vehicle and opening fire . " Friday evening , Pakistan time : • The Interior Ministry tells the Associated Press of Pakistan that flying shrapnel from a suicide bomb killed Bhutto . The bomber also shot at her with a pistol , the ministry tells the state-run news agency , but Bhutto suffered no injuries from bullets . • Interior Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Javed Iqbal Cheema , citing a medical report , says Bhutto was hit on the right side of her skull with shrapnel . • Another Associated Press of Pakistan report quotes Dr. Mussadiq Khan saying that Bhutto showed "  no signs of life " on her arrival at Rawalpindi General Hospital and that she was pronounced dead about 40 minutes later . • Cheema says Bhutto died after fracturing her skull on a sunroof lever in her vehicle . Contrary to previous reports , she did not die from bullet or shrapnel wounds and nothing entered her head , the Interior Ministry spokesman said . • Cheema says that Bhutto "  fell down or perhaps ducked " when gunshots rang out . She apparently hit her head on a lever , Cheema said , adding that it was stained with blood . • Khan , the doctor who treated Bhutto before she was declared dead , says the former prime minister had a "  big wound " on the side of her head "  that usually occurs when something big , with a lot of speed , hits that area . " E-mail to a friend	Pakistani government now says Bhutto died after hitting head on sunroof lever Reports early Friday said Bhutto died from a gunshot wound to the neck Reports later Friday said flying shrapnel from a suicide bomb killed Bhutto
CNN  -- Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has been named TIME magazine 's Person of the Year . Rick Stengel , the magazine 's managing editor , made the announcement Wednesday on NBC 's "  Today " show . Zuckerberg created the widely popular and influential social networking site , which reflects a major transformation in the way people communicate and do business . "  Facebook has merged with the social fabric of American life , and not just American but human life : nearly half of all Americans have a Facebook account , but 70 % of Facebook users live outside the U.S. It 's a permanent fact of our global social reality . We have entered the Facebook age , and Mark Zuckerberg is the man who brought us here . " TIME noted that in less than seven years , "  Zuckerberg wired together a twelfth of humanity into a single network , thereby creating a social entity almost twice as large as the U.S. " If the service were a country "  it would be the third largest , behind only China and India , " TIME wrote . "  It started out as a lark , a diversion , but it has turned into something real , something that has changed the way human beings relate to one another on a species-wide scale . We are now running our social lives through a for-profit network that , on paper at least , has made Zuckerberg a billionaire six times over . " Read the TIME essay explaining "  Why We Chose Him . " The annual Person of the Year award is a staple of American journalism . Others considered for the honor this year were Afghan President Hamid Karzai , the trapped Chilean miners , the Tea Party movement in the United States , and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . Film-goers got a taste of Zuckerberg and the early days of the site in this year 's movie , "  The Social Network . " Zuckerberg grew up in Dobbs Ferry , New York , and graduated from high school at Phillips Exeter Academy . There , he studied Latin and became a fan of the classics . At Harvard University , which he attended for two years before dropping out to pursue Facebook , Zuckerberg "  was known for reciting lines from epic poems such as "  The Iliad , ' " writes Jessica Vascellaro in The Wall Street Journal . From Shakira to "  ending desire , " the interests Zuckerberg has listed on his private Facebook page are certainly unexpected . Among the others are "  Eliminating Desire , Minimalism , Making Things , Breaking Things , Information flow , Revolutions , Openness . " His favorite musicians include Daft Punk and Lady Gaga . Among his favorite TV shows , he lists "  The West Wing , " which , as The New Yorker 's profile of Zuckerberg points out , was written by Aaron Sorkin , who wrote the screenplay for "  The Social Network . " Friends and co-workers call him "  Zuck . " But Zuckerberg has earned other nicknames , too . The Wall Street Journal says his mom used to call him "  Princely " when he was young . When he joined the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity at Harvard , his friends took to calling him "  Slayer , " writes Rebecca Davis O'Brien , who attended Harvard with Zuckerberg and wrote a piece about him in The Daily Beast .	The annual award is a staple of U.S. journalism Others considered were Julian Assange , Hamid Karzai
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier captured in Afghanistan in 2009 has received his second promotion while in captivity , U.S. Central Command announced Friday . With the promotion , Bowe Bergdahl , 25 , rises to the rank of sergeant . He was last promoted in June 2010 to the rank of specialist , according to Central Command . Brig. Gen. Rick Mustion , the adjutant general of the Army , traveled to Bergdahl 's hometown of Hailey , Idaho , on Thursday to deliver the promotion certificate to his parents . The Army has been giving Bergdahl promotions that would have come to him had his Army career gone as planned . If he returns home safely , the Army will give him all the back pay that he has earned while in captivity . Bergdahl was a private first class when he disappeared in June 2009 , after finishing his guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Afghanistan 's Paktika province . He has been seen in several videos released by the Taliban . His whereabouts today are unknown , though some security analysts say it is likely he is in Pakistan . In December , Bergdahl appeared in footage released by Manba al-Jihad , a video production group associated with the Taliban . A speaker said the Paktia mujahedeen captured the soldier , and he is in the custody of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan  the Taliban  and has all "  Islamic rights . " In the nearly 45-minute video , Bowe Bergdahl wears an open-necked tan shirt and has a large abrasion on his left cheek , just below the eye . Bergdahl 's father , Robert Bergdahl , made his first public appeal last month for his son 's release , using a YouTube video recording to address the Taliban and its allies . In the video , the elder Bergdahl also conveyed "  compassionate respect " to the people of Pakistan , who have endured war , earthquakes , floods and crop failures . He concluded the video with a message to his son : "  God bless you ! We love you ! We have been quiet in public , but we have not been quiet behind the scenes . Continue to be patient and kind to those around you . You are not forgotten . You are not forgotten . " Bergdahl is assigned to 1st Battalion , 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division , Fort Richardson , Alaska . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Bowe Bergdahl disappeared in June 2009 in Afghanistan He has been in several videos released by the Taliban He has been promoted from specialist to sergeant , U.S. Central Command says Bergdahl 's father last month used a YouTube video recording to plead for his release
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Adm. William Fallon has resigned as chief of U.S. forces in the Middle East and Central Asia after more than a year in the post , citing what he called an inaccurate perception that he is at odds with the Bush administration over Iran . Adm. William Fallon had been serving as chief of U.S. forces in the Middle East and Central Asia since 2007 . Fallon , the head of U.S. Central Command , was the subject of a recent Esquire magazine profile that portrayed him as resisting pressure for military action against Iran , which the Bush administration accuses of trying to develop nuclear weapons . In a written statement , he said the article 's "  disrespect for the president " and "  resulting embarrassment " have become a distraction . "  Although I do n't believe there have ever been any differences about the objectives of our policy in the Central Command area of responsibility , the simple perception that there is makes it difficult for me to effectively serve America 's interests there , " Fallon said . In Washington , Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters at the Pentagon that he accepted Fallon 's resignation "  with reluctance and regret . " But , he added , "  I think it 's the right decision . " Watch why some believe Fallon was forced to resign " "  Admiral Fallon reached this difficult decision entirely on his own . I believe it was the right thing to do , even though I do not believe there are in fact significant differences between his views and administration policy , " Gates said . In a written statement , President Bush praised Fallon for helping "  ensure that America 's military forces are ready to meet the threats of an often troubled region of the world . "  He deserves considerable credit for progress that has been made there , especially in Iraq and Afghanistan . " Fallon , a 41-year veteran of the Navy , took over as chief of Central Command in early 2007 . Gates said he will be replaced by Lt. Gen. Martin Dempsey , his deputy , who commanded an Army division in Iraq in the early days of the war and led efforts to train the Iraqi military . The perception that Fallon has opposed a drive toward military action against Iran from within the Bush administration dates to his confirmation hearings in January 2007 , when he told the Senate that the United States needed to exhaust all diplomatic options in its disputes with the Islamic republic . But he also has said that the United States would be able to take steps if Tehran were to attempt to block the Strait of Hormuz , the outlet of the Persian Gulf and a choke point for much of the world 's oil . And he recently told CNN that the United States is looking for a peaceful settlement to disputes "  in every case . " "  We 're trying to encourage dialogue and find resolution , " he said . "  In fact , that 's our message to the Iranians out here , given that everybody is nervous and anxious about their activities , is to come forth and explain what they are doing with all the people in the region . " On Tuesday , Gates said , "  We have tried between us to put this misperception behind us over a period of months and , frankly , just have not been successful in doing so . " But Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Fallon 's resignation showed that independent views "  are not welcomed in this administration . " "  It is also a sign that the administration is blind to the growing costs and consequences of the Iraq war , which has so damaged America 's security interests in the Middle East and beyond , " said Reid , D-Nevada . "  Democrats will continue to examine these matters very closely in the coming weeks and months . " Meanwhile , Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain offered words of praise for Fallon . "  Under Adm. Fallon 's leadership at Central Command , the situation in Iraq has improved dramatically , " McCain said in a statement . "  All Americans should be grateful for Adm. Fallon 's service and respect his decision to retire . " Gates ' spokesman , Geoff Morrell , said Monday that the secretary and the admiral still had "  a good working relationship " and that the Esquire article -- "  The Man Between War and Peace " -- had not changed that . He said Gates had read the article and had no comment on it . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kyra Phillips and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Bush : "  He deserves considerable credit for progress that has been made " Defense Secretary Robert Gates says he accepts the resignation with regret Gates says Fallon will be replaced by his deputy , Lt. Gen. Martin Dempsey Fallon cites what he calls inaccurate news reports for decision to step aside
CNN  For years , Native Americans have called on Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder to change the team 's name . It 's a dictionary-defined racial slur that 's dehumanizing to Native Americans . And , in my view , that outweighs the arguments of Redskins advocates who defend the name as a symbol of team pride . But what about the thousands of high schools across the United States that have the name as its mascot ? Where do they fit in the debate ? Once you factor in freedom of speech , how should one approach this issue ? Recently , in upstate New York , the Lancaster Central District School Board unanimously voted to retire its high school 's mascot and moniker -- the "  Redskins . " The board called the mascot "  a symbol of ethnic stereotyping " and said the school "  can not continue practices which are offensive and hurtful to others " -- namely Native Americans . Some students opposed the board 's decision citing school legacy and tradition . A group of Lancaster High students hosted a walk out in protest with many carrying placards reading , "  Redskins Pride " and "  Once a Redskin , Always a Redskin . " Coincidentally , around the same time in Delaware , the Conrad Schools of Science announced it will begin to take steps to drop its "  Redskins " mascot before the beginning of the 2015-16 school year . Local school districts are responding to the growing chorus of voices who oppose antiquated Native American mascots . Furthermore , there 's research that shows Indian mascots and monikers harm the mental health of Native American youths . According to one study , Native American students are reported to have low self-esteem and a suppressed sense of self-worth as a consequence of such images and language . Other research shows how all ethnic groups are hurt by poor representations of Native Americans . People "  are more likely to negatively stereotype other ethnic groups as well , " according to Wendy Quinton , clinical assistant professor of psychology at the University at Buffalo . What the Conrad Schools of Science and the Lancaster school board decisions represent for Native Americans are hope -- for us and our kids -- that broader awareness is changing perspectives and that hurtful stereotypical nicknames should not have to be tolerated by any ethnic group . Still , there 's the issue of free speech . Many have made the argument that Native Americans like me are trampling on the First Amendment when we call for the Washington football team to change its name . Even the ACLU has chimed in on the matter . On March 6 , the organization said in a blog it does not support the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 's decision to cancel federal trademark protection of the Washington football team 's use of the word "  redskins . " In June of last year , the USPTO had repealed six of the team 's seven trademarks , finding the r-word is "  disparaging to Native Americans . " Although the ACLU agrees the team name is "  offensive and perpetuates racism against Native Americans , " it can not support what it refers to as language policing . " ... Because the First Amendment protects against government interference in private speech , " staff attorney Esha Bhandari wrote . "  It is n't government 's role to pick and choose which viewpoints are acceptable and which are not . " Here 's the thing , folks -- no one has a First Amendment right to federal trademark protection . Tara Houska , a tribal rights attorney in Washington , said , "  Freedom of speech is a fundamental right . In contrast , federal trademark protection is a privilege that one applies for at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office . " I think the ACLU is confusing rights with privileges . The U.S. government is n't telling the Washington football team it ca n't use the word . According to the USPTO , Snyder and his ilk can keep using the team name -- he just wo n't have federal trademark protection . Last month , Democratic Rep. Mike Honda of California filed a bill that would ban existing and future teams that use the word from receiving federal trademark protection . He told me he 's "  disappointed " that the ACLU would defend the Washington team , which he refers to as "  a multi-billion dollar company profiting off a racial slur . " "  The First Amendment is not the issue here -- no one , including the football team , would be prohibited from using the name , " he wrote in an email . "  The team would only lose their exclusive rights to it . " And in the case of Lancaster High Schools , the government did n't step in -- the decision to retire the name was made by conscientious objectors in the community . Let 's look at the issue from another angle . What do we do as responsible adults when we learn a habit or tradition is adversely affecting our children ? We do everything we can to fix the problem . What we do not do is make excuses so we can continue the terrible habit . As the late Maya Angelou so aptly put it , "  Do the best you can until you know better . Then when you know better , do better . " America needs to do better as a whole with regard to Native Americans . This is n't just about Indian mascots . This is n't just about offensive racial slurs . This is about the dehumanization of Native Americans . And if history has shown us anything , it 's that when one group dehumanizes another , bad things happen . Honda 's bill , the USPTO 's repeal and the Lancaster school board 's decision are not examples of anti-free speech madness . They are acting like responsible adults in defense of children who are at risk . And as for me , I 'll protect children first before I protect anyone 's right to harm them .	Recently , schools are deciding to retire the term ` redskins ' for their mascots Simon Moya-Smith : It 's a dictionary-defined racial slur that 's dehumanizing to Native Americans
CNN Student News  -- July 1 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : • Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . Leadership Unplugged CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi ! I 'm Carl Azuz , welcoming you back to another summer edition of CNN Student News . Got something really cool for you this week . We 're talking about Leadership Unplugged . This is a program that just wrapped up . It 's a partnership between a group called 21st Century Leaders and the staff of CNN and CNN Student News ; and what it does is bring about 75 of Georgia 's brightest high school students to the Georgia Tech campus , where they spend a week learning about everything from journalism to , of course , leadership skills . PRISSY STEWART , 21ST CENTURY LEADERS ASSISTANT DIRECTOR : That 's our goal , is to help them become more comfortable as leaders . You can tell as the week progresses they have come out of their shells , they have taken some risks and learned to work with people who are very different from them . AZUZ : I had the honor and privilege of kicking things off . I talked a little bit about how I got to where I am , what we do at CNN , and some students then talked to us about their first impressions as the week started . LEJOI LANE , SENIOR : I think that what stood out most to me was the fact that we got the chance to meet so many unique people and so many different genres of CNN . TYLER MEUSE , SENIOR : Being able to sit down and talk to professionals one-on-one and ask them the most important questions . BROOKE VAUGHAN , SENIOR : What stood out to me the most was Carl Azuz . His speech was great . I love how he asked questions and actually got the audience involved in us as students . He actually cared about our answers and cared to have a conversation with normal high school students . AZUZ : As things got rolling , students learned about many different facets of media . We talked to them about some of the new technologies available to us . We talked about how social networking gets used in newscasts . These were their impressions of that . EMILY CHO , SENIOR : I learned a lot about how you have to balance between the social media and what actual news is . It 's a big question as to which one comes first : determining what your audience wants to hear and what they need to hear . GRACE LITTLE , SENIOR : This panel showed me just how much social media influences the way news gets around the world , especially in areas that do n't allow CNN to have cameras on the ground . It 's truly essential in making accurate news reporting . PHILIP MUSEY , SENIOR : I learned that CNN uses Twitter a lot . You hear a lot about younger generations using Facebook , but Twitter is pretty well known and well used at CNN . AZUZ : A big highlight of this conference happened right here at the CNN Center in Atlanta , Georgia . Students got to listen to a dinner panel of CNN talent and executives , and they heard a few things about work and life . OLA RICHARDSON , JUNIOR : Something I really learned is that the friends you get here are the friends that you will need in life . VICTORIA PARKS , JUNIOR : Definitely that just be yourself and you can be whoever you want to be , and you can do whatever you want to do . Just follow your dreams and pursue yourself . RED DENTY , JUNIOR : Keep working at it . If you want to work in video broadcasting , you have to start low and work your way up . CHANDLER BARRE , JUNIOR : You have to have your hook and the one thing that sets yourself apart from everybody else , and make yourself the one that is remembered . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Who is credited with saying , "  Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other " ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Mahatma Gandhi , B  John F. Kennedy , C  Martin Luther King Jr. or D  Abraham Lincoln ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! That quote about leadership comes from former U.S. President John F. Kennedy . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Leadership Unplugged AZUZ : Of course , the name of the program : Leadership Unplugged . A big focus is learning what it takes to be a leader . Here 's what students said about that in their own words . GABRIELLE PUYAT , GRADUATED AS A JUNIOR : You have to be able to connect with all different kinds of people . And not everyone 's going to like you ; you 're not going to like everyone . But if you have the ability to communicate and cooperate , then you can lead . FIRST BORN , JUNIOR : I think leadership is the ability to stand out above other people and give them a sense of belonging . As a leader , I do n't think that you 're able to have everyone like you . MACHMUD MAKHMUDOV , JUNIOR : If you want to be exceptional and create something and be really successful , you really need to persevere as a leader . And know that even though you might be going through tough times , in the end , true leaders do what it takes to be successful . AZUZ : This was the 6th year for Leadership Unplugged , but this was the first year that some of the students actually got to go on the air live on a CNN network . A few of the students were interviewed by Carlos Montero , an anchor with CNN en Espanol . CAMILA DONOSO , SENIOR : He just asked us about how we liked it and everyone was a little nervous . He said it was good . The captions were really funny because it said , you know , "  young leaders changing the world . " And we 're like , "  Oh my God ! " But if you think about it , we are , because we 're making a difference . Winners AZUZ : These 75 students were divided into groups and they were given a project to work on throughout the week . That project was to pitch a story to a panel of CNN executives , so a little bit intimidating there . But they were scored on their pitch , and they were scored on things like the presentation itself , how creative the story was , how balanced the story was . And the winning pitch was a story about illegal immigration in the United States . Some members of that winning group talked to us about what it was like to win . JUSTIN WHITE , JUNIOR : I was actually afraid that we had n't won , but when they called our name , I just knew we had it . ADEOLA ADENIRAN , SENIOR : Yeah , I was really excited . But I knew that , like , deep down , that we might have a chance because of our title . Our title was really powerful : "  Undocumented and Unafraid . " It gave me a little hope there . Goodbye AZUZ : So , that was how the week wrapped up , and that is how we wrap up this special summer edition of CNN Student News . We hope to lead you back to CNNStudentNews.com , and that you 'll plug in for more stories right here throughout the summer . Hope to see you soon . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	CNN Student News is producing special , web-only shows all summer long This week , we explore a week-long conference called Leadership Unplugged The program introduces high school students to the world of journalism
CNN  -- For me , predicting the future is a family business . My grandmother was a professional clairvoyant  called , unimaginatively , Madam Clair  and used to offer palm readings and crystal ball gazing in her living room . Growing up around tarot cards and horoscopes has left me a bit cynical about making firm predictions , if only because they always seemed to be "  You will meet a tall , dark stranger . " But it 's not impossible to make some intelligent guesses about the political world in the coming months based on the information we already have . Here are five of them . 1 . The 2016 presidential election will start very early . In fact , it sort of began before the last election even ended , when Vice President Joe Biden told reporters that he did n't think 2012 was the last race he would run . In recent weeks , Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , and Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , have laid out some philosophical visions , and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has tried to brand himself as the Republican Party 's Mr. Sane . We can expect some casual visits to Iowa or New Hampshire by outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton or New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , but an outsider candidate worth watching will be Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland . He has yet to establish himself on the national stage , but he has a strong reputation among grassroots liberals . What Americans want in 2013 2 . Guns will become a big legislative issue . We 're not going to see the kind of action that Piers Morgan wants , but the tragedy at Sandy Hook has certainly started a debate that should be continued by the new Congress . California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat , has promised to introduce legislation on Day One that will be similar to the federal assault weapons ban , which passed in 1994 and expired in 2004 , and she has likely support from the White House and conservative Democrats like Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia . But we 'll see tough opposition from Republicans . 3 . No , the tea party wo n't go away . It 's true that the anti-government movement has had a very bad year in 2012 and that it has been somewhat sidelined by House Speaker John Boehner , but that does n't spell the end . First , the tea party has planted some strong roots in online activism and fund-raising : The big conservative event of 2013 will be CPAC , and only the tea party has the resources to dominate it . Second , Boehner might find his leadership challenged on January 3 and be forced to accept the movement 's continued influence within the GOP . Third , the issue agenda remains favorable to the tea party . Tax cuts , balanced budgets and gun control are exactly the kind of mobilizers that are likely to revive the right . The tea party disappeared from view in 2012 only because it was eclipsed by the drive to elect Mitt Romney . Now that the debate has moved back from the party/personal to the substantive/legislative , the tea party will capitalize . A big year for issues in the courts 4 . Gay marriage will return as a big talking point in the summer . In June , the Supreme Court will likely make a decision on the fate of California 's Proposition 8 and the federal Defense of Marriage Act . My instinct is that the justices will make decisions that satisfy no one , perhaps ruling against DOMA but accepting Proposition 8 . Certainly it feels unlikely that they 'd want to give a definitive ruling on the constitutionality of gay marriage , which would mean pushing the law in a direction that very few state governments seem willing to go . Either way , President Barack Obama 's victory in 2012 did n't end the culture war ; it just evened the odds a little . From the perspective of a European , America remains a remarkably socially conservative country that has yet to be sold on marriage equality . Opinion : America on the cusp of social change 5 . We will come to miss Newt Gingrich . One of the real joys of the 2012 race was covering the campaign of "  The Newtster , " a man with a chin for every insult he delivered . He jumped to the front of the nomination pack in early 2012 partly because GOP conservatives had few other options  one South Carolina operative described him to me as "  an imperfect vehicle "  but also because of the sheer strength of his personality . And while the rest of the party limited itself to discussing petty matters such as health care or the federal budget , Newt 's plans ranged from getting school kids to work as janitors to building mines on the moon . He seemed genuinely surprised that the cash-strapped voters did n't buy his idea of conquering the galaxy , but a prophet in his own land is always without honor . In a hundred years time , when the American colonists of Sirius 3 are still debating gun control , do n't be surprised if Newt is n't revisited as a man before his time . Perhaps he 'll make the back of the $ 10,000 bill . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : There are a few reasonable political predictions that can be made for 2013 For one thing , he says , the 2016 election will start early ; Biden already dropping hints He says gun control and gay marriage will be big issues in coming months He says the tea party will rise again , and we will all realize we miss Newt Gingrich
CNN  It 's Canada 's ultimate pairing . World No. 7 and Wimbledon runner up Eugenie Bouchard posted a photo of herself on Twitter with compatriot and heartthrob Justin Bieber as they teamed up for a game of tennis . Bouchard credited the pop star 's "  nice serve " and once said the "  Baby " singer would be her ideal date during an awkward on-court interview at 2014 's Australian Open . Bieber courts a lot of interest on social media with a Twitter following of 61.3 million -- roughly the entire population of Italy -- but the 21-year-old has yet to respond to Bouchard 's tweet . The pair played doubles at the Annual Desert Smash event hosted by Will Ferrell at California 's La Quinta Resort in aid of Cancer for College , a charity that provides scholarships for students who have battled with the disease . Danish tennis star and recent Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Caroline Wozniacki also had her photo taken with the singer estimated to be worth $ 80m , tweeting : "  Just another night in the desert #beliebit . "	World No. 7 tennis player Eugenie Bouchard partners up with pop star Justin Bieber in game of doubles Bouchard has previously said she would like to date the Hollywood starlet Former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki also got a snap with "  the Bieb "
Talks with Iran over its nuclear program resume Thursday . Make no mistake : The deal the Obama administration is pursuing with Iran over its nuclear program is a good deal . It will leave Iran with neither a nuclear weapon nor an undetectable breakout capability . And by ensuring that the deal also is a win for Iran , Tehran wo n't have incentives to cheat and violate the agreement . Based on conversations with diplomats on both sides of the table , I believe it is a durable deal that enhances America 's security and nonproliferation goals while making Iran much less hostile and U.S. allies in the region much more safe . And make no mistake about the flip side : The alternative to this deal -- the continuation of the sanctions path -- will see Iran continue to inch toward a nuclear weapons option while the U.S. and Iran gravitate toward a disastrous military confrontation . It 's either a deal or another war in the Middle East . Those are the stakes . It is true that Iran is eager to get a deal . President Hassan Rouhani will likely lose the popular support he enjoys unless he can find a fix to Iran 's economic troubles . The best way of achieving that goal is to reduce Iran 's tensions with the U.S. and get sanctions lifted by showing flexibility on the nuclear issue . But it is also true that Washington needs a deal . Iran 's nuclear program has steadily advanced over the years . As the West has escalated sanctions to gain leverage , the Iranians have escalated their nuclear program for the same reason . In 2005 , the Iranians offered to cap their enrichment program at 3,000 centrifuges . The West nixed that offer . By the time the George W. Bush administration left office , the Iranians had around 7,221 centrifuges . Today , they have more than 19,000 centrifuges . Their stockpile of low enriched uranium has reached more than 10,000 kilograms . It was around 1,000 kilograms when Barack Obama took office . The end result is that the Iranians have added a lot of new facts on the ground , making a complete roll back a near impossibility . The nuclear deal that could have been secured years ago is likely more attractive than any deal Washington can strike a year from now . In addition , Washington 's current negotiation cards may soon expire . The sanctions regime and the international consensus to isolate Tehran might quickly disintegrate if talks fail and the blame falls on Washington  read Congress  . In fact , the Iranians are counting on this . The more forthcoming , flexible and reasonable they come across on the nuclear issue in their current charm offensive and the more the U.S. Congress puts its hawkishness and dysfunctionality on public display , the easier they can shift the blame for the impasse onto the United States and the more successful they will be in peeling countries off from the sanctions regime . This is exactly how Obama succeeded in securing this unlikely sanctions program in the first place : His extended hand of friendship in 2009 and Tehran 's inability to unclench its fist shifted the blame squarely to the rulers of Iran . As a result , sanctions that the Bush administration did not even dare to dream of became reality only 18 months into Obama 's presidency . The Iranians have now set the stage to return the favor if Congress fails to be serious about a deal . Those in Congress worried that even the offer of modest sanctions relief in the talks will cause the collapse of the current sanctions infrastructure must consider how quickly sanctions can fall apart if there is n't a deal . In the former case , Washington will extract valuable concessions from Iran in return for the lifting of sanctions . In the latter case , Washington will lose the sanctions without getting anything from the Iranians . And the moment the sanctions regime begins to fall apart while Tehran continues to expand its nuclear program , the calls for military action will rise once more . That would be the cost of Congress overplaying its hand . No wonder U.S. lead negotiator Wendy Sherman told CNN after the last round of talks that "  we have to do everything we can to reach a diplomatic solution . " She continued : "  There are other options , but a diplomatic solution is the best option , and we all have to do everything we can as quickly as we can to see if in fact we can achieve just that . " The American people sent an unmistakable message to Congress against war with Syria . On Iran , the American public needs to make its voice heard on Capitol Hill once more in order to avoid a war that would be far more devastating than Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan combined . Fortunately , diplomacy is not only the best available option , the deal Obama is pursuing is also a very good option . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Trita Parsi : Talks with Iran restarting and a good compromise is possible Deal helps U.S. security and nonproliferation goals and makes Iran less hostile , Parsi says Parsi : Past has been a cycle of increasing sanctions met with escalating nuclear program He says it 's a deal or war , one that would be worse than Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan combined
Apple said Tuesday that a small amount of its employees ' computers had been hacked , but that no data were exposed . The company said the breach occurred when some employees visited a developer website that exploited a vulnerability in the Java browser plug-in , installing malware on their Mac computers . "  We identified a small number of systems within Apple that were infected and isolated them from our network . There is no evidence that any data left Apple , " the company said in a statement . Apple did not specify when the hack occurred . The company released a Java patch for OS X users that can be installed from Software Update , and said it 's planning on releasing a tool Tuesday that will sweep Mac computers for any Java malware and remove the offending software . Reuters first reported the breach early Tuesday . The security breach appears to mirror a similar hack at Facebook in January . On Friday , the social network announced it had been the victim of an intrusion after a handful of employees visited a compromised developer site . Apple is the latest high-profile American entity to say it was the victim of a recent cyberattack , following similar admissions by Twitter , The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal , The Washington Post and the U.S. Department of Energy . While the news organizations said they believed hackers in China were responsible for their intrusions , Facebook , Twitter and Apple have not mentioned China by name . Security company Mandiant published a 60-page report Tuesday linking groups of hackers in China to the Chinese government . The cybersecurity company tracked the attacks to specific networks in Shanghai and some to the headquarters of one of China 's secret military groups . Security holes in Oracle 's Java have been responsible for a number of the recent attacks . The Department of Homeland Security released a warning about the software in January . Apple pointed out in its statement that Macs running the most recent operating system , OS X Lion , have not come with Java pre-installed and that the computers automatically disable the plug-in after 35-days of inactivity .	Apple says a small amount of its employees ' computers have been hacked Statement : "  There is no evidence that any data left Apple " The security breach mirrors a similar hack at Facebook in January Apple did not finger a culprit in the hack
CNN  -- Iraq is today a shattered society , shaped by two major international wars , bombings , debilitating sanctions , civil war , emigration of millions of its best-educated people , deadly insurgency and counterinsurgency and foreign occupation over 20 years . While Iraq never achieved full unity after it was cobbled together by the British in 1920 from three large and mutually alien communities -- the Sunni Muslim Kurds in the northern highlands , the Sunni Muslim Arabs in the central plains and the partly Farsi-speaking Shia Muslim Arabs in the southern lowlands -- Iraq had made great social and economic progress . By 1990 , it was the most advanced of the Arab countries . Now that is all gone . Yet , even today , there is a memory of collective statehood , or Iraqiyah . Some of us who have lived among the Iraqis believe they have a chance to invigorate a new beginning of Iraqiyah but that the return to something like the state that existed before will take years . How is the American withdrawal regarded ? My hunch , from having known Iraq and Iraqis of all persuasions for more than half a century , is that most will be happy to see us leave . But , at the same time , they have learned to fear one another , so their politically effective attitudes will vary from one community to the next . Insofar as there are winners from these destructive years , it is the Shiites . With our help , they emerged to control the government and such armed forces as exist . Most of their leaders have lived and studied in Iranian theological institutions , so they see Iran as a friend and patron . More recently , they have made beneficial economic and diplomatic contact with China , Russia , India and members of the European Union . Thus , while the  Shia  Iraqi government realizes that the United States  inadvertently  helped them to power , that time is past , and an anti-Iranian America could pose dangers . Better , they would conclude , that America be gone . For the Kurds , the answer is different . They have benefited from the destruction of the Sunni Arab central government to establish a vigorous mini-state under the Kurdistan Regional Government . The Shia Iraqi regime is unlikely to challenge Kurdish autonomy . And if it manages to keep the giant oil field at Kirkuk , the Kurdistan Regional Government could underwrite its autonomy economically . But , with the Americans gone , the Kurdistan Regional Government faces one danger : their people , as distinct from their state , spill over into Syria , Iran and Turkey . Revanchist movements of Kurds in those countries have brought upon the Kurdistan Regional Government attacks and may bring more severe attacks once the American hand is withdrawn . Thus , the Kurdistan Regional Government should favor at least a strong American influence in their neighborhood . The Sunni Arabs have been the big losers in this long and dreadful conflict . A whole generation of their educated elite have fled the country , tens of thousands have been killed , hundreds of thousands wounded . Most of their property has been looted , seized or burned . The dangers posed by the Shiites are still clear and present . Surely , one would think , despite the memory of the American role in these events , they would like the Americans to stay to prevent the Shiites from further action against them . No , I find that is not true . They , above all other Iraqis , were the nationalists , raised on efforts to eject the British and then to overthrow the British puppets ; for them , getting rid of foreign manipulation was always the ultimate objective . So , although they might hope that America 's hostility to Iran would spill over into Iraq to their advantage , they share with the Shiites and the Kurds satisfaction that the Americans are nearly gone . But are the Americans really nearly gone ? Are any of the hopes or beliefs of the Iraqis likely to be fulfilled ? The U.S. is reportedly doubling the size of its embassy personnel from 8,000 to 16,000 , with about 200 military personnel remaining to assist them . So long as hostility to Iran remains the governing policy in the Middle East , Iraq remains pivotal . The same geostrategic appreciation , but focused on India and the Gulf oil states , governed British policy in the 1930s and 1940s . There is no sign the basic policy has changed by the move from London to Washington . While at least the more abrasive aspects of the American presence in Iraq are likely to diminish , I believe that in the eyes of all three groups of Iraqis , the withdrawal will be regarded as cosmetic rather than real . In this event , it seems likely that the current friction among at least America , the Sunni Arab rebels and the Shia government will not abate much while the Kurds will continue to cultivate their close but covert relationship with Israel . And if America 's relationship with Iran worsens , the Kurds and Americans will draw closer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William R. Polk .	Iraq is a shattered society , yet there is a memory of collective statehood , says William R. Polk Polk : Most Iraqis will be happy to see us leave , but they have also learned to fear one another Kurdistan Regional Government should favor a strong American influence in its area , he says The Sunni Arabs have been the big losers in this long and dreadful conflict , Polk says
CNN  "  My son served in the army for four years . In Iraq . He served because we love our country . As we should . Now look at us ? " Muna Mansour is gesturing around her at the slatted cargo hold she and her family -- all nine of them -- are trying to get comfortable in . They 're squeezed in with two other families . On the ground by my feet , Muna 's middle grandchild is sleeping , curled up beside an oil drum . "  There 's nowhere to sleep , there 's no food -- you can see how people are just thrown around all over the place , " she said . Muna is from Buffalo in upstate New York . Her family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen . And although many other countries evacuated their citizens , India most notably ferrying out around 5,000 , the United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals . For more than three weeks , neighboring Saudi Arabia has been conducting airstrikes in Yemen . They want to drive out the Shiite Houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory . At one time , the Houthis held Yemen 's President under house arrest , before he escaped and fled . The bombings have decimated some cities , including Aden , and foreigners find themselves trapped . "  I was there when the Indians picked up 200 of their people from the port . It was embarrassing . We were just sitting there waiting for someone to come and say ` OK where are the Americans , let 's pick them up , ' " she said . "  I called the Riyadh embassy , " she adds , referring to the U.S. Embassy in neighboring Saudi Arabia . "  I told them there were about 75 families here waiting at the port . My family has been waiting there for two weeks . We ran out of money , we ran out of food . " The State Department said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area . "  We have to make a decision based on the security situation and what is feasible to do , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said earlier this month . "  And given the situation in Yemen is quite dangerous and unpredictable , doing something like sending in military assets even for an evacuation could put U.S. citizen lives at greater risk . " A group of U.S. organizations , including the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination League , have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department over the government 's stance on evacuations . It was purely coincidence that led to Muna being on board this ship , a wooden vessel chartered by CNN to reach the port city of Aden , in Yemen . Muna was visiting her sick father in Aden when fighting broke out around her . With the Houthi forces to the north and the waters of the Gulf of Aden to the south , the city is essentially besieged . It took us over 30 hours of travel -- and a lull in the fighting -- for us to be able to dock at one of Aden 's smaller ports . She has a "  nice , normal life " in New York and said she could n't wait to get back . Our ship was the first the port had seen in over a week . We agreed to take back 60 refugees -- including 15 Americans -- who had gathered at the port 's gate when news of our arrival spread . But of course that 's nowhere near enough . So many more are desperate to leave . I asked Muna what life in Aden was like . "  My daughter-in-law would crouch down and hide in the kitchen , " she recalls . "  It was just bombs all the time . Gunshots . People running down the street . " She trails off into silence . For everyone here with us on the boat , there are families left behind . Mothers and fathers . Daughters and sons . The first night on board our boat had an almost festive air . Our new passengers were laughing and sharing cigarettes , euphoric at their escape . One woman though was sitting alone on deck and I realized she was crying . She told me her 15-year-old son was trapped on the other side of one of the many front lines that are now etched into the city 's streets . They 'd waited for 10 days , but neither her son nor her parents could cross over to the port , in Al Tawahi district . Too scared to risk missing the boat and endangering the lives of their other three children , her husband had convinced her to board . When they called to tell her son he also had news for them : He 'd joined the fight against the Houthi forces . For Muna , her ordeal ended at Djibouti Port where Christina Higgins , the U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission , was among the embassy staff waiting to meet them . I asked Higgins about the sense of abandonment Muna and many of the other Americans trapped in Yemen said they felt . "  We have one of the branches of al Qaeda that 's especially active . There 's the Houthis -- neither of these two groups friendly to U.S. citizens . We 've had to weigh very , very carefully what is the safest way , the best way for us to help them . " Higgins said ultimately each U.S. citizen is going to have to judge what is best for themselves and their families . "  For many U.S. citizens , that 's going to mean sheltering in place . For other U.S. citizens , we 're actively working at getting information to them on different avenues for travel out of Yemen . " Watching them hand out cookies , water and phones to reassure those waiting at home , it 's clear the staff here are overjoyed to have some of their citizens safe and sound . There are many more though of course who are still in danger . There are no definitive records , but the 15 Americans on board our ship said they had counted 75 more families waiting in Aden port who could n't afford an "  exit/transport " fee being charged to depart Aden . In this time of crisis , the $ 300-a-person fee was n't an official tax , but something that local fishermen were charging to ferry passengers to the boat to board . That 's 75 more families waiting for another happy coincidence to dock at Aden 's deserted ports .	No official way out for Americans stranded amid fighting in Yemen U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission says situation is very dangerous so no mass evacuation is planned
CNN  -- Contradicting claims by a coroner and her family , a new report by San Francisco authorities concludes 16-year-old Ye Meng Yuan was already dead when two fire trucks ran over her on the Northern California airport 's tarmac . The official accident investigation prepared by San Francisco International Airport and city fire department officials -- submitted earlier this month but not revealed publicly until Wednesday , states that "  ample evidence refutes " the contention that Ye was killed by the vehicles . At least three firefighters determined that the Chinese teenager -- who , it was determined , was n't wearing a seatbelt when she was ejected from Asiana Flight 214 as it crashed July 6 -- was dead before she was struck , the report found . "  As trained mass casualty responders , the firefighters moved onto other immediate tasks " after quickly determining Ye had died , the report said . "  Tragically and regretfully , two ... vehicles later rolled over the deceased during active firefighting operations . " One person who does n't buy this argument is San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault , who performed the autopsy on Ye 's body . He determined she died of blunt trauma injuries . Asiana victims sue Boeing Foucrault said he was giving "  an unbiased review " and "  does n't have a dog in this , " but said of the investigation 's finding : "  It is not factually accurate . " The coroner added : "  Her injuries were  consistent with being run over by a motor vehicle and there is overwhelming physical and scientific evidence to support she was run over . " Fourcrault is n't alone . Earlier this month , a lawyer for Ye 's family said video shows several firefighters saw her lying on the tarmac , but none "  did the basic step of checking if she was alive . " "  It 's unthinkable , " the attorney , Justin Green , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  It 's unimaginable , because the first thing -- the first priority of the firefighters or any rescue personnel -- is saving lives , and the first step in triage is to take the pulse , check the respiration . That was never done . " The 16-year-old was on her way to an American summer camp from her home in China when the crash happened . She and the two other victims -- one of whom died six days later -- were sitting in the back of the plane when they were ejected as the Boeing 777 crashed . The investigation determined that one first responder first thought Ye was a doll after noticing her in front of the plane 's left wing amid a debris cloud . Several firefighters determined "  very early in the response " that she was dead but did not move her body , in part so they could devote their time to helping others and also so as not to move it before other officials could inspect it , the report said . They were all part of an intense , sizable firefighting and rescue effort . Most of the more than 300 people on board began leaving the plane on their own accord within 90 seconds of impact , though five people -- including the three who died -- were ejected and five others were taken off by firefighters . All the while , crews were battling flames inside and outside the aircraft . "  Unique among recent airplane accidents in the United States , the incident resulted in more than 300 persons receiving triage in the midst of heavy rescue and firefighting activity with the potential for an imminent explosion . " The new report lamented the lack of a firm protocol for first responders on what they should do when there 's a fatality at the same time as an active firefighting operation involving fast-moving crews , but did not say firefighters erred or caused Ye 's death . San Mateo County District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe announced last October that a firefighter who accidentally ran over her body would not face charges . The San Francisco investigation report appears unlikely to please those who believe the Chinese teen was alive until vehicles hit her . Talking about the dispute over how Ye died , Foucrault -- the San Mateo County coroner -- said , "  It 's unfortunate that it 's come to this . " Firefighters saw injured girl before she was run over	Ye Meng Yuan , 16 , was one of three killed when Asiana Flight 214 crashed A new official report says she was ejected and was n't wearing a seatbelt Report : At least three firefighters determined she was dead but did n't move her Coroner says this finding is wrong and she died after being struck by vehicles
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- She 's been called the "  mother of the believers , " a middle-aged woman possibly responsible for recruiting more than 80 female suicide bombers in Iraq and involvement in at least 28 terrorist operations . Television picture reportedly showing Samira Ahmed Jassim during her alleged confession . Now she 's in jail , arrested on January 21 in what an Iraqi commander called "  heroic " security force operations that unfolded without "  any losses . " Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , spokesman for the Baghdad command , identified the suspect as Samira Ahmed Jassim , also known as Umm-al-Moumineen , or "  the mother of the believers . " The arrest is considered a major stride in confronting the challenge of female suicide bombers , more than 30 of whom detonated themselves last year . Atta could n't say where she was detained for intelligence reasons . That 's because the authorities are after more targets . The bombers were recruited in Baghdad and Diyala province for the Ansar al-Sunna militant group , said Atta , who added police were aware of the identities of the women , including their fake names on fake IDs , and were on the hunt for them . They said they were also trying to verify Jassim 's confessions . Atta played a DVD for reporters with excerpts of the confessions of Jassim , who is in her 40s or 50s . Wearing a black robe and veil , she said she was asked by a man named "  Shaker " to recruit women for an Ansar al-Sunna operative named Hareth , also known as Abu Rami . She spoke about a number of the women she recruited , spending days talking to prospective operatives and persuading them to carry out attacks . Jassim said she would deliver a recruit to Shaker . Later , she returned and picked up the recruit , dropping them at locations like the Muqdadiya police station , a Sons of Iraq office and a Baghdad car park . One woman she recruited did n't even look at Jassim when she was picked up for a job . She just whispered Quranic verses en route to a bombing . Another woman -- described as psychologically challenged -- came from a financially hard-up family . In November , 18 would-be female suicide bombers turned themselves in to coalition forces in northern Iraq . The women , whose ages and names were not released by the military , gave themselves up after being persuaded by religious leaders and family members to "  cease their training in suicide operations and reconcile , " the U.S. military said . The women were connected to al Qaeda in Iraq suicide bombing cells , but it was not clear where they had been training or operating . The statement also did not say where the women turned themselves in , though the northern city of Mosul and surrounding parts of northern Iraq are still a hotbed for insurgent activity and considered the last stronghold for al Qaeda in Iraq . Troops have launched operations targeting members of families of suspected female bombers trying to break up the rings that are recruiting the women and girls . Intelligence gathered from detainees indicates that al Qaeda in Iraq is looking for women with three main characteristics : those who are illiterate , are deeply religious or have financial struggles , most likely because they 've lost the male head of the household . Females always have played a role in the insurgency in Iraq , helping feed militants , hiding them in their homes and helping to sneak weapons around the country . They have proven to be highly effective in their operations , because of the cultural convention that women are not to be searched by men for cultural and religious reasons . The U.S. military has created a program called the Daughters of Iraq , analogous to U.S. backed Sons of Iraq , to conduct searches of women .	Jassim also known as Umm-al-Moumineen , or mother of the believers Arrested on Jan. 21 in what an Iraqi commander called "  heroic " security operation Considered a major stride in confronting challenge of female suicide bombers Troops have launched operations targeting families of suspected bombers
CNN  -- On Labor Day , we celebrate the American worker . And more than four years since the Great Recession ended in June 2009 , the unemployment rate is 7.4 % , a big improvement from the high of 10 % in the fall of 2009 . Unfortunately , the rate is hugely misleading : Most of that improvement was for all the wrong reasons . Remember , jobless workers are not counted as being part of the labor force unless they are actively looking for work , and the decline in the unemployment rate since its peak has mostly been the result of workers dropping out of -- or not entering -- the labor force . According to Congressional Budget Office estimates , if the labor market were healthy , the labor force would number about 159.2 million . But the actual labor force numbers just 155.8 million . That means about 3.4 million "  missing workers " are out there -- jobless people who would be in the labor force if job opportunities were strong . Given the weak labor market , they 're not actively looking for work and so are n't counted . If those missing workers were actively looking , the unemployment rate would be 9.4 % . We need 8.3 million jobs to get back to the prerecession unemployment rate , considering the 2 million jobs we are still down from the start of the Great Recession in December 2007 plus the 6.3 million jobs we should have added since just to keep up with normal growth in the potential labor force . Over the past three months , we 've added 175,000 jobs a month . At this rate , it will take six years -- until the middle of 2019 -- to return to a healthy labor market . Federal contract workers deserve justice on pay Our sustained high unemployment and weak job growth is also hurting wages : When workers have limited outside job opportunities , employers simply do n't have to offer much in raises to get and keep the workers they need . The typical worker saw wages drop 2.6 % between 2007 and 2012 , and with unemployment expected to remain high , wages for most workers are n't expected to grow much -- if at all -- in the next few years . The reason we are having such a sluggish jobs recovery is not complicated -- there is simply not enough work to be done . Economists refer to this as weak aggregate demand . Another way to say this is that demand for goods and services has n't picked up enough for businesses to ramp up hiring . The notion that today 's high unemployment is caused by workers not having the right skills for the jobs that are available has been soundly debunked by economists . To solve the economy 's key problem , weak aggregate demand , Washington needs to focus on policies that will stimulate demand . In the current economy , this means fiscal expansion , such as re-establishing the state and local public services that were cut in the Great Recession and its aftermath , and large-scale infrastructure investments . The priority has to be jobs , not deficit reduction . Filling the jobs gap is only the first step , given that weak wage growth for most workers predates the Great Recession . From 2002 to 2012 , wages were flat or declined for a vast majority of workers , a lost decade for wages that comes on the heels of a generation of inadequate wage growth . For almost the entire period since the 1970s , wage growth for most workers has been weak . This means that in addition to the fiscal expansion in the short run to spur us to full employment , we need policies that will restore the bargaining power of low - and middle-wage workers . These policies include everything from aggressively increasing the minimum wage until it is equal to half the average worker 's wage to updating labor law to keep up with increased employer aggressiveness in fighting unions so that willing workers can join a union . Also , the president needs to take executive action to ensure that federal dollars are never spent employing people in jobs with poverty-level wages . Broadly , it means making wages grow for not just the affluent but also low - and middle-income workers a key priority in economic policymaking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heidi Shierholz .	Heidi Shierholz : Jobless rate improvement has been caused by all the wrong reasons She says rate down because workers have dropped out or are not entering labor force Shierholz : Demand for goods , services has n't gone up enough for businesses to hire more She says restore state , local public services : Priority has to be jobs , not deficit reduction
CNN  -- It lit up the world and showed us all our way . It served presidents , princes , and paupers with equal alacrity . It brought the writings of Yeats , Joyce , Rowling , and Trudeau to millions of bed-readers , and helped countless people around the world avoid stubbing their toes in the dark . And now , it is no more . Farewell , traditional light bulb . As the clock strikes midnight , the light dims on your reign as the mechanical illuminator of human existence . Rest in peace . This was no sudden death . The diagnosis came in years ago , in 2007 , when President George W. Bush signed a law to replace standard incandescents with more efficient bulbs . Much more . Only about 10 % of the energy these traditional bulbs use is for light , the Environmental Protection Agency says . Seventy-five - and 100-watt bulbs were already banned this year . The ban on production of 40 and 60-watt bulbs -- the most popular in the country -- kicks in as 2014 begins . "  There are 4 billion light bulb sockets in the U.S. and more than 3 billion of them still use the standard incandescent technology that has n't changed much in 125 years , " the EPA says . "  A standard incandescent is only 10 % efficient -- the other 90 % of the electricity it uses is lost as heat . " It 's the dawn of a new day . Taking over the limelight now : halogen bulbs , compact fluorescent bulbs , LED bulbs and high efficiency incandescents . While CNNMoney has covered the business behind all this , as well as the battle over whether it 's a sign of too much government meddling , on this New Year 's Eve , we 're left with the sad sense of saying goodbye to you , sweet standard -- but also the knowledge that your legacy will irradiate our world , brighter than ever . Born in 1803 or later , depending on how you measure it , you , in all your transformational beauty , were raised by more parents than we could name -- Humphry Davy , James Bowman Lindsay , William Sawyer , Albon Man , Joseph Swan , and , of course , Thomas Edison , the Energy Department notes . While , unlike President Barack Obama , you have no birth certificate , we will always treasure Edison 's patent of you from January 27 , 1880 . And we find solace in knowing that he just might be glad to see you exit gracefully , making way for the next generation . "  Thomas Edison was a patriot , he was a futurist , and he was green . Edison 's concern after the turn of the last century was with pollution and nonrenewable resources , not with freezing technological change at the level of 1879 , " David Edward Edison Sloane , Thomas Edison 's great grandson , wrote for CNN.com under the headline , "  Edison would 've loved new light bulb law . " Still , some are n't quite as ready to let go . And , in a way , they wo n't have to . As with all laws , there are some loopholes . Three-way standard incandescent light bulbs will still be made . Yes , we live in an era of space stations , blazing fast computers , and access to just about any piece of information we need . But no one can take away the glory of that click-click-click you give us in our hotel-room lamps . So , for those who just ca n't quit you yet , some enterprising shop owners have a plan . "  Any regular lamp , you can change it from an on-and-off to a three-way , and we do it for our customers here , " Doug Satterfield , owner of Rollier 's Hardware in Mount Lebanon , Pennsylvania , told CNN affiliate KDKA . But in the not-so-long run , we know , your gleaming presence in our lives is fading . Today 's children wo n't know you as previous generations did . At CNNMoney.com , a commenter calling himself Mudbone Willie posted his concern -- and received hundreds of "  upvotes " for it . "  Great . I do all of my baking in a small oven that uses a light bulb at its heat source . Now what ? " Worry not , Mudbone Willie . The Easy-Bake oven has changed with the times . "  No more light bulbs needed ! " Hasbro says in its ad for the Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven . As greenbiz.com reported , Hasbro revised its classic in response to the new law . The new lights taking over our lives will surely bring joy and less wasted energy -- perhaps a beautiful new beginning . Still , on two of life 's most pressing questions , we remain in the dark : What will happen when a cartoon character gets a great idea ? On this , Fortuna Lee offers some suggestions . And , finally , how many psychiatrists/lawyers/programmers / med students/economists/surrealists will it now take to change a light bulb ? Oh , there are new ones that look the same ? Problems solved . Here 's to you , standard incandescent light bulb . May the fireworks that light up the skies this evening give you the blazing sendoff you deserve .	Standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured They 're being replaced by more energy-efficient bulbs A standard bulb only puts 10 % of its energy into light , the EPA says Three-way standard lights will still be made
CNN  Combining healthy eating with moral support , Jean Nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry . The founder of Weight Watchers died Wednesday at her home in Florida . She was 91 . What would become Weight Watchers started as a group of friends meeting in her Queens , New York , living room in 1961 . Nidetch described herself as an "  overweight housewife obsessed with cookies . " After countless fad diets , Nidetch figured that accountability was the key to keeping the weight off . At the time , she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds . Her guiding philosophy : "  It 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny . " Through the program of regular weigh-ins , peer support and accountability , not only did Nidetch lose 72 pounds , but she inspired millions more to shed pounds too . She officially launched Weight Watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later . "  Jean was an inspiration and an innovator who leaves behind a legacy and program that has positively impacted the health and well-being of millions of people around the world , " said Jim Chambers , president and CEO Weight Watchers International . "  It is our honor and responsibility to carry on her legacy to help more people to transform their lives . "	Jean Nidetch started Weight Watchers in 1963 Nidetch 's philosophy : "  It 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny "
CNN  -- A twisted boardwalk , a glowing carousel flooded with water and a cresting river breaching its banks . These are among the memorable images from Superstorm Sandy , but they were n't taken with fancy cameras -- they were shot with smartphones and immediately seen around the world via photography app Instagram . On the day the storm came ashore , users shared 800,000 images tagged #Sandy on Instagram . At one point , Instagram reported people were posting 10 Sandy photos per second on October 29 , 2012 . "  During Hurricane Sandy , we saw people along the Atlantic Coast using Instagram to document how the storm was affecting their communities , and to let loved ones know they were OK , " Instagram founder Kevin Systrom told CNN this week . "  As Sandy made landfall , we saw photojournalists like Ben Lowy documenting in real time the storm 's path of destruction . In the immediate aftermath , we saw local residents like Steph Goralnick sharing images that humanized the relief efforts in some of the hardest-hit communities like Rockaway Beach . " Goralnick : Let 's not forget Superstorm Sandy 's victims Instagram reached a saturation point as Sandy hit , and the platform became a storytelling medium for the storm . After that watershed moment a year ago , it seemed apropos to do an Instagram-only project for CNN 's anniversary coverage . Instagram friends Tim Lampe and Keith Weaver visited families in some of the hardest-hit areas , photographed intimate portraits of people and their new homes and highlighted the rebuilding efforts along the coast . Lampe is the manager of CNN 's Instagram account , and Weaver is an Atlanta photographer . CNN sent Lampe back to New York , armed with an iPhone , and the full experience was only for the Instagram audience . He has 28,000 followers on his personal account and is one of CNN 's in-house experts on the platform . Here 's what Lampe had to say about this storytelling experiment . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN has never done an original photo and video series housed on Instagram . Why did you choose the Sandy anniversary to embark on this Instagram-only project ? Lampe : Sandy itself was the biggest event Instagram had ever seen . Everything unfolded there . My personal experience was that I grew up in the area , and I knew a lot of people who were documenting it on Instagram . The mentality of a big organization like this is that these stories and these photos need to be in a lot of places . We put these stories together exclusively for Instagram , just for that platform , because we saw a lot of value in it . Time magazine photographers ditched their professional cameras for mobile phones to tell the story of Sandy last year . What is your take on news outlets using the storytelling medium of the average person ? And , who 's doing it well ? Lampe : Instagram is a great spot for everyday stories . It started with just seeing what our own people were doing in the field . We have correspondents and producers out in really cool places across the world documenting everyday stories . For example , Patrick Oppmann , our correspondent in Cuba , is documenting stories in Cuba that nobody else is doing . It 's not always something that fits in broadcast , but there 's a lot of value in seeing that continuing story in Instagram . I like The New Yorker . Almost every week , they let someone take over their Instagram and document where they are , whether they 're documenting something as simple as a small town in the U.S. or a war zone in a different country , where life is very different . Looking back at the Instagram images from Superstorm Sandy , there were compelling , verified ones but also false ones . How can we tease out the real from the fake ? Lampe : The way that we currently feature images on the CNN account , we 're only featuring stuff from CNN folks across the world and featuring images from CNN iReporters . If we 're featuring citizen photos , we 're going to the team behind CNN iReport and trusting how they verify photographs and stories . Location is one thing to help us verify photos . You ca n't falsely tag something that 's geotagged on Instagram . Seeing the people who it 's from is also helpful . If you look at their account if there 's a genuine love for storytelling , you can see it in the everyday stories they tell . There 's a consistency in how they shoot and tell stories . But with a suspicious account , you can tell because they 're posting photos of various quality . Their feed is n't consistent . Some journalism experts say it 's not the camera you have , but how you use it that 's important . How do you use the phone 's camera to your advantage ? Lampe : For me , what I love about the mobile phone camera is this fixed-lens mentality . It has its own set of challenges . One of the best things about Instagram is that because of the challenges of shooting on mobile , people look to tell stories differently than they would with a traditional photo outlet . With this project , we did some things that have become popular on the platform . For example , the "  dear portrait " is when you hold up a physical photo from the past in a current location . You try to line it up with what 's there . You only get one photo or video to tell a story per Instagram post . What are some of the ways to tell long-form stories in this format ? Lampe : It seems like because Instagram allows you to post as much as you want that you should post everything that you have . What works best is the idea of restraint : Which photos tell or continue your story the best way . I think portraits tell a story really well even if people do n't read the caption below . For example , with the stories from Sandy , I was amazed that when I took peoples ' portraits , you could see almost the whole experience of the year in their eyes . I did n't see that until I went back and reviewed the photos . This is the first of many long-form stories we 're going to tell on Instagram . It 's a huge success on the Instagram platform . We 've got a lot of great engagement and would love to be able to tell another set of stories like this again . What are the limitations of working with such a small photo as a storytelling format ? Lampe : It 's probably the detail because with Instagram , when you 're going to take portraits , you want to get close . With the square format , what is in the center is the focus , so you center the persons ' eyes and face in the photo . There 's no ability to zoom in and out on a photo , so you 're presenting what you can in the space give to you . On social media , the tendency is to keep things short , yet you often write long captions on your Instagram posts . What 's your rationale for long captions ? Lampe : I start long and I reduce , reduce , reduce until I get to the story that needs to be told . From my previous experience in telling long stories on Instagram , I realized people read through the long captions based on the comments they left . The people who follow the CNN account are trained to read the caption , whereas on personal accounts , people see the long caption and are turned away . Fill in the blank : Storytelling magic happens when _______ . Lampe : Storytelling magic happens when the subject is at its most comfortable , and you get their best story . The reason why some of these stories were so honest and so true was because they did n't feel like this huge media outlet was on them . They had the freedom to tell their whole story . We did our best to stay true to the stories .	For Sandy 's anniversary , CNN tried an Instagram-only project Users shared 800,000 Instagram images of the storm as it hit Photographers visited families in hard-hit areas , captured intimate portraits
CNN  -- They stood and squatted for hours , crammed into two sweltering semi-trailers , clinging to ropes so they would not fall as the trucks traveled through winding mountain roads . Mexican authorities say the more than 500 illegal immigrants they detained Tuesday wanted to reach the United States and each had paid $ 7,000 to get there . But by Wednesday , a day after X-ray equipment detected them at a highway checkpoint , the majority of them had been deported to their home countries in Central and South America . In a migrant detention center surrounded by high walls near Mexico 's southern border , the remaining 23 immigrants , who hailed from countries as nearby as the Dominican Republic and as far away as Nepal , will wait as officials arrange their deportation . Immigrant detentions are nothing new in the southern Mexican border state of Chiapas , where at least 25,000 immigrants were apprehended last year . But the large number authorities found in two vehicles Tuesday was a startling reminder of the desperation that drives immigrants to risk dangerous conditions . The case drew national attention in Mexico , where the country 's interior minister announced he would begin following the "  migrant 's route " through Mexico on Wednesday . The three-day trip was scheduled to include meetings on immigration with local officials and his Guatemalan counterpart . The vast majority of the immigrants detained Tuesday were from Guatemala , and all 410 of them had been handed over to Guatemalan police by Wednesday afternoon , according to Mexico 's National Migration Institute . The 80 detained immigrants who hailed from El Salvador , Ecuador and Honduras were scheduled to be deported Wednesday evening . The immigrants who hailed from the Dominican Republic , India , Nepal , China and Japan awaited their fate Wednesday in Tapachula , Chiapas , at the recently renovated 21st Century Migration Station , Mexico 's largest immigrant detention center . Experts say the passage of Central American immigrants through Mexico on their way to the United States is hardly a 21st century phenomenon . Immigration of Central Americans into the United States began to grow in the early 1980s , said Demetrios Papademetriou , president of the Migration Policy Institute in Washington . And for at least 15 years , American authorities have been pushing Mexican officials to crack down on "  transit migration . " "  Going back to the 1990s when we start to engage Mexico , this has been one of the two main goals of our conversation , " Papademetriou said . But the Guatemala-Mexico border was easy to cross until recently , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  There 's more of a federal presence today than there 's ever been , for two reasons , " he said . "  One , because Mexico has been trying to make a case that the country is secure , and that they 're doing their part on terrorism and on illegal immigration ; but also , in part , because Mexico is very concerned about crime on the southern border . " That has n't stopped immigrants from embarking on the journey , despite the dangers . "  People are going to keep coming , " Selee said . "  As bad as the economy has been in the U.S. over the past couple years , there are still people willing to take the risk of not finding a job because they also see no prospects where they are . " Journalist Angeles Mariscal of CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	After X-rays detect them , the immigrants are sent to a detention facility The case , a reminder of dangers immigrants face , draws national attention in Mexico The country 's interior minister tours the "  migrant 's route " Wednesday Expert : Mexican authorities beef up enforcement along the Guatemala border
Atlanta  CNN  -- Former NBA guard Javaris Crittenton is wanted in connection with the murder of an Atlanta woman , authorities said Monday . Crittenton , 23 , of Fayetteville , Georgia , faces murder charges from the August 19 shooting of 22-year-old Julian Jones in Atlanta . Jones suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was pronounced dead at a hospital , the FBI said . Authorities believe Jones was killed in a drive-by shooting involving a dark-colored SUV and an assault rifle . The FBI said Crittenton probably is in Los Angeles with family and friends . He purchased a one-way plane ticket to Los Angeles five days after the shooting . He is also named in a federal arrest warrant for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . Crittenton , who played for Georgia Tech before going pro , was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in 2007 and then traded to the Memphis Grizzlies . He was picked up by the Washington Wizards in December 2008 but was suspended and later released by the NBA in 2010 after a gun-related incident involving teammate Gilbert Arenas . Crittenton 's representatives could not be immediately reached for comment Monday .	Crittenton is accused of murdering a 22-year-old woman The FBI says the former NBA player has fled to avoid prosecution He is believed to be in Los Angeles
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department on Friday night provided Congress with a new batch of Operation Fast and Furious documents from early 2011 . They show a top Justice Department official and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives acting director suggested illegally purchased weapons be allowed to cross into Mexico where Mexican officials would be waiting to arrest , prosecute and convict the gun traffickers . Justice also sent a letter to Capitol Hill leaders providing details of a series of reforms made by the Justice Department and ATF to ensure there is no repeat of the controversial operation which allowed hundreds of illegal weapons to be sold in the United States and trafficked into Mexico . The intent of the operation was to monitor the flow of the weapons to their ultimate destination . The ATF plan was to track the weapons to Mexican drug cartels . However , hundreds of weapons were lost or unaccounted for . The Justice documents include an e-mail from a U.S. official in the Mexican Embassy which shows that in a meeting in early 2011 U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer suggested the illegal weapons could be intercepted if the two nations worked together . Then acting ATF chief Ken Melson made similar suggestions . Breuer "  suggested allowing straw purchasers cross into Mexico so  Mexican federal police  can arrest and  the Mexican attorney general 's office -RSB- can prosecute and convict . " The e-mail author , a Justice official stationed at the embassy , said he thought that was risky because Mexico might not seize the weapons and a crime could be committed . The Justice officials were in Mexico City to coordinate with that nation 's authorities after the death of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry near the Mexican border . Two illegally purchased weapons which were lost in Mexico were discovered at the crime scene where Terry was slain . The controversy is the subject of a hearing set for next Thursday . Attorney General Eric Holder is scheduled to testify before the House Investigations Committee chaired by Rep. Darrell Issa  R-California  . Holder is likely to stress the changes and reforms that have been made since the flawed operation occurred . In the letter to key congressional leaders Friday , the Justice Department said ATF policy now says it may be necessary to interdict illegal weapons early to ensure the safety of the public . The Justice Department also revealed that undercover operations have to be reviewed by an internal committee if they involve "  sensitive circumstances . " The letter to Congress also says ATF agents are undergoing special training "  based on the lessons " of Fast and Furious .	Justice department sends documents to Congress They concern the flawed "  Fast and Furious " operation Hundreds of weapons were lost or unaccounted for
CNN  -- Mariah Carey is known for her five-octave voice , her slinky dresses and her many hits , including "  All I Want for Christmas is You . " Unfortunately , she is also known for her tardiness . And her behavior this week at the Rockefeller Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony in New York wo n't do anything to help that reputation . Because of her history , NBC decided to tape Carey singing her holiday classic before a live audience Tuesday night , then air it Wednesday for the network 's coverage of the 82nd annual Rockefeller Center tree lighting . But the self-titled Queen of Christmas kept the audience waiting for three hours Tuesday before NBC made the decision to cancel the performance . According to TMZ , Carey was delayed because she was meeting with her lawyer about her divorce settlement with husband Nick Cannon . Carey took to Twitter to apologize for failing to show up . But some fans were already annoyed . Her no-show forced NBC to air Carey singing "  All I Want for Christmas is You " live during its broadcast of the tree-lighting Wednesday night . The diva was on time , but many observers are saying her performance was less than stellar . Decked out in a tight red gown before a backdrop of costumed children , Carey seemed winded and had trouble hitting some of her trademark high notes . A clip of Carey 's raw microphone feed , without backing instrumentation , also was leaked to YouTube -- and probably did not do her any favors . Twitter lit up during and after , with most of the tweets admonishing the singer for a lackluster performance . Still , some fans rallied to her side . "  So , was #mariahcarey 's Rockefeller performance perfect ? No . Was it good ? Yes ! Do you know how cold it is out there ??? " said one . .	Mariah Carey 's tardiness forced NBC to cancel her live performance Tuesday night Carey then sang live during Wednesday 's broadcast of the Rockefeller tree lighting Many observers criticized her performance
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Director Antoine Fuqua , the force behind films such as "  Training Day " and "  Shooter , " turned his focus to creating CNN 's exclusive short film "  From MLK to Today , " which airs at 7 p.m. ET Monday . Filmmaker Antoine Fuqua , 43 , says he did n't believe he would see an African-American president in his lifetime . Before flying off to the Sundance Film Festival to premiere his latest action-thriller , "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " starring Richard Gere , Ethan Hawke and Don Cheadle , Fuqua , 43 , stopped by the CNN newsroom in Hollywood to discuss the making of this film . He outlined his vision for the piece , which chronicles America 's civil rights journey from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to Barack Obama . CNN : As a filmmaker , you work with people like Don Cheadle , Ethan Hawke and Denzel Washington . Why are you sitting here in our edit bay doing this project ? Antoine Fuqua : Because it 's Martin Luther King , and because it 's Barack Obama 's story . And because it 's CNN . It 's important to be a part of history , and a part of inspiring people today . I think this is one of the biggest times in my life -- besides my children . So why would n't I be here ? What else would I be doing except flying to Sundance to promote my movie ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Watch a clip from "  From MLK to Today " " CNN : You were born in the '60s , so you were very young during the civil rights movement . You were barely out of diapers when Martin Luther King was assassinated . Fuqua : I am familiar with the history because I love history . African-Americans -- I feel we can not ever forget our past . Not in an angry or negative way -- just to know where we come from , so we get a better sense of where we 're going , and how to get there , and what not to do . I do n't think you can ever forget Martin Luther King and many other people who sacrificed , whose names we do n't even know . CNN : What do you remember from your childhood ? Fuqua : I remember being afraid at times . I remember the Black Panthers . When I was a little boy , the men that were around me were part of a movement . There was a lot of tension . There were a lot of weapons around . There was talk of FBI . I was a little kid , you know -- 6 , 5 years old . I did n't really know what it meant . But there was a lot of fear -- a lot of fear of police , or of leaving your neighborhood . CNN : Did you experience much racism growing up in Pittsburgh ? Fuqua : I remember a lot of racism . I mean , we used to get beat up by the police . We used to go to certain areas , and cops would slap you around , and grab you by your collar and treat you a certain way . I remember getting on a bus and drivers would treat us disrespectfully , assuming we were going to misbehave . And we were just going to school . I got into fights at school . ... No real reason , except for color of the skin . I do n't think they even understood really . CNN : Did you understand ? Fuqua : Not really . I did n't really understand it . I was used to it . I had an understanding of it at that age , which was I was black and they were white , and I was poor and they had money . CNN : Did you think there were certain things you could n't accomplish because you were black ? What about being a director ? Fuqua : When I was a little kid , I used to sleep in my grandmother 's basement , and I would read magazines , and books and things -- and I would dream of places I would go . I remember thinking , "  Well , if it 's just a matter of money to leave my neighborhood , then I have to make money . " Then I read something about craftsmanship -- which is not a word you used often in that time in the ghettos . If you learn a craft , then you can make a living for the rest of your life . So I went to school to be an electrical engineer . And when I was in school , I took a Baroque art class . They were talking about Caravaggio , who was a Baroque painter . Now he was from the streets in Italy , and he used to paint these very provocative paintings of people he lived with on the streets -- beggars , and prostitutes and things . It reminded me of my world -- in the sense of being a young kid on the streets , growing up , seeing a lot of provocative images that I was probably too young to see -- and I would express them , and I would do little illustrations or I would paint on a wall . Then I started to study -LSB- Akira -RSB- Kurosawa , who was a painter as well as a director . I saw his movies -- "  The Seven Samurai " and all that -- and I thought , "  Wow , that 's even more interesting , because it 's a moving picture and you get to tell a story . " CNN : And now you 're telling the story of Martin Luther King and Barack Obama . Did you ever think you 'd see an African-American president of the United States ? Fuqua : Never . Never . Not in my time . I thought somewhere down the line it would happen , but not in my time -- because I still deal with racial situations . Sometimes people do n't do it blatantly . They 'll say something , or they 'll behave a certain way when I know they do n't normally behave that way . As a director , you run into walls where they say , "  Well , it does n't translate well overseas . You know , you need to have a white movie star in it . " There 's some truth to that . So if Hollywood 's not ready to embrace more stories about African-Americans -- and that 's based on the money that the movies make -- then would the country really be ready to embrace a president ? You know , the CEO of the country ? And obviously , we are . We are ready . CNN : As a director , you have this story about an unbelievable presidential election , where a first-term senator wins . Would you have cast Barack Obama in that role ? Fuqua : In a heartbeat , in a heartbeat . He 's like a movie star . Look at the guy . He 's dashing , he 's charming , he 's got a little swagger about him . He reminds me of Denzel in their way . -LSB- Fuqua directed Washington in the 2001 action-thriller "  Training Day . " -RSB- I was with Denzel over Christmas , and they 're very similar -- their mannerisms at times . CNN : In the short film you 're directing for us , you 've drawn the parallel between Obama and Martin Luther King . Fuqua : It is the passing of the torch between Martin Luther King and Barack Obama . I think Barack Obama is the "  dream . " I mean , we 're all the dream . I think it 's a bigger picture than one man . CNN : What 's the message you want to convey with your short film ? Fuqua : Hope . A sense of the past . But more than anything , I would love people to walk away feeling like we 've just begun .	Director Antoine Fuqua is filmmaker behind CNN 's "  From MLK to Today " Fuqua discusses life , experiences with racism and the hope Barack Obama brings Fuqua , director of "  Training Day , " compares Obama with Denzel Washington Fuqua 's latest feature-length project , "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " screened at Sundance fest
CNN  -- David Beckham believes the furore that followed his return to the LA Galaxy from his loan spell with AC Milan earlier this year has galvanized the team . The Galaxy won the MLS Western Conference Championship with a 2-0 win at home to Houston Dynamo on Friday night , Beckham setting up Gregg Berhalter 's 102nd-minute opener . They will face Real Salt Lake , who upset the favored Chicago Fire 5-4 in a penalty shootout to win the Eastern Conference title on Saturday to reach the MLS Cup final in Seattle next Sunday . Beckham had been subjected to abuse by his own fans after missing the start of the MLS season when he was in Italy , while Galaxy captain Landon Donovan questioned his commitment to the LA franchise . However , the England midfielder -- who missed Saturday 's 1-0 friendly defeat by Brazil in Qatar to play for his club -- thinks the situation helped bring the team together . "  There 's nothing wrong with a bit of controversy in a club , it brings players and teams together and it 's done that , " Beckham told ESPN in a post-match interview . "  I do n't have to say anything about myself , I leave that down to other people to decide . "  I love playing soccer . I work hard for my teammates , myself , my manager , the fans and I hope that 's enough for people . " Beckham joined the Galaxy from Real Madrid in 2007 but they struggled to make an impact during the Englishman 's time with the team until the arrival of former USA national team coach Bruce Arena . Beckham , who returns to Milan in January as he bids to win a place in England 's World Cup squad , believes this season 's achievements have already gone some way for making up for the previous two seasons . "  We want to win next week but reaching it is the biggest thing , " he told the UK Press Association . "  We 've done that , done the hard work and this team deserves it . "	LA Galaxy beat Houston Dynamo 2-0 to win the MLS Western Conference Championship Beckham believes controversy over his first loan spell with AC Milan brought team together The Galaxy can win their third MLS Cup when they face Real Salt Lake in Seattle next weekend
London  CNN  -- Police have released CCTV photographs of the man they believe tried to kill a former Russian banker gunned down outside his east London home last month . German Gorbuntsov , 45 , was shot several times as he walked from a taxi to an apartment block on Byng Street in the Isle of Dogs , near the Canary Wharf business district , at around 7.20 pm GMT on March 20 . The man police believe tried to kill him was caught on surveillance cameras in nearby Manilla Street moments after the shooting . Detectives say a gun , a hooded top and a bag were later found dumped close by . "  We are continuing to examine CCTV footage from the area , " said Detective Chief Inspector Russell Taylor of the Metropolitan Police , who is in charge of the investigation . Taxi clue in hunt for Russian businessman 's attacker "  We are keen to speak with anyone who may have information about the shooting . Were you in Byng Street or nearby , shortly before or after 7.20 pm GMT on Tuesday March 20 ? "  Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area ? Did you see the man in the CCTV stills taking off a dark hooded top or leaving a bag ? " Police say the suspect is white , about 6ft tall and slim . He was wearing a dark hooded top and jeans . More than a month on from the shooting , Gorbuntsov remains in an unnamed London hospital in a stable condition ; police say he is no longer in a coma . The motive for the attack remains unclear ; detectives say they are keeping "  an open mind " as to why Gorbuntsov was targeted . Last month , Russia 's Kommersant newspaper cited Gorbuntsov 's Russian lawyer , Vadim Vedenin , as saying the attack could be linked to an ongoing investigation into the attempted murder of another Russian banker , Aleksandr Antonov , in Moscow in 2009 .	Police reveal images of suspect in shooting of Russian businessman German Gorbuntsov was gunned down outside his home in east London on March 20 Victim remains in hospital ; police say he is in a stable condition , out of coma Motive for attack unclear , detectives say they are keeping "  an open mind "
CNN  -- More than a week after a video showing what appears to be a Saudi man beating a migrant worker was posted on the Internet , a government official questioned its authenticity . "  There is no proof this is real yet , " said Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , in a telephone interview on Tuesday . "  The police are still investigating and trying to verify the video clip . " The video , which was posted October 27 to YouTube , had received more than 127,000 views by Tuesday . In a telephone interview with CNN , Al-Turki called on anyone with knowledge of the video to contact authorities . "  Nobody has actually reported this incident to the police yet , " he said . "  And nobody has come to police claiming to be a victim of the abuse . " In addition , he said , no evidence has emerged to indicate that the incident occurred in Saudi Arabia or involved a Saudi . "  Just because it may seem to be a Saudi man in the clip does n't mean that it actually is a Saudi , " he said . In the one-minute and 53-second video , a man wearing an orange jumpsuit , his right eye swollen , appears seated on the floor of a room as another man -- dressed in white -- yells at him , initially striking him in the head with his open hand . A shaky video shot by someone out of camera view documents the incident . Government officials told CNN last week they believed the aggressor was a Saudi man who was angry because he thought the man in orange -- perhaps a worker -- had spoken to his wife . "  Why did you come here when she was here ? " he asks in what sounds like Saudi-accented Arabic . "  I swear I did n't mean it , " pleads the man , whose clothes and accent appear to be those of a migrant laborer , adding , "  I swear to God I did n't know . " As the questioning continues , the man in white -- slapping his victim -- demands to know why he would dare contact his wife . The slapping then grows in ferocity to include kicks and blows to the head and body with what appears to be a leather strap or belt . "  Sit down ! Kneel down ! " yells the man as the flogging continues . He then asks the victim if he wants to die . "  No ! " the man screams . Officials said they did not know where the incident took place , but were investigating . Women who defied Saudi driving ban fear repercussions The Saudi government-backed Human Rights Commission has condemned the incident . "  We are taking this very seriously and are looking into it with Saudi security , " said the commission 's Mohammed Al-Madi . "  We are doing our utmost to ensure the accused abuser is arrested and tried . We are also doing everything we can to find the abused man , so that we can help him in any way . " Another Saudi government-backed human rights group , the National Society for Human Rights , is also investigating . "  We do n't know where it took place , but it is under investigation and we 'll release details in a few days ' time , " said Mifleh Al-Qahtani , president of the society , last week . The incident is not unique . Global human rights groups have documented widespread abuse of migrant workers in Saudi Arabia . According to Human Rights Watch , more than 9 million migrants work in Saudi Arabia , making up more than half the work force . "  Many suffer multiple abuses and labor exploitation , sometimes amounting to slavery-like conditions , " the rights group said in July . "  The kafala , or sponsorship , system ties migrant workers ' residency permits to ` sponsoring ' employers , whose written consent is required for workers to change employers or leave the country , " the rights group said . "  Employers often abuse this power in violation of Saudi law to confiscate passports , withhold wages and force migrants to work against their will or on exploitative terms . " Human Rights Watch Saudi researcher Adam Coogle said that "  Saudi Arabia needs to get serious about protecting migrant workers by providing adequate avenues to justice and mechanisms of redress . " Saudi preacher sentenced to 8 years , 600 lashes for killing 5-year-old daughter Migrant laborers elsewhere in the Middle East face similar problems . "  Nobody can come into the Arab states or in the Middle East without a sponsor , " says Azfar Khan , with the International Labor Organization . Migrant workers are routinely asked to surrender their passports , which can leave them vulnerable to abuse , he said . "  When the employer has that kind of power , then they can dictate the working conditions , " Khan said . "  Whether it 's a question of the wage rates , whether it 's a question of the work time . " Rights activists say the problem is getting worse .	"  There is no proof this is real yet , " says Saudi Interior Ministry spokesman Amateur video apparently shows a Saudi man berating and beating a migrant worker Saudi government-backed Human Rights Commission says it 's investigating Rights groups have documented widespread abuse of migrant workers in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Two graduate students were found shot to death Thursday night in an apartment a block off the Louisiana State University campus , officials said . LSU Chancellor Sean O'Keefe briefs reporters on the fatal shootings of two international graduate students . No suspects have been identified in what police are investigating as a double homicide . Neighbors told police three strange men were seen in the area . The bodies of Chandrasekhar Reddy Komma and Kiran Kumar Allam , both Ph.D. candidates from India , were found inside Allam 's apartment at the Edward Gay complex near the LSU band 's practice field . The complex houses graduate and married students . A task force of LSU campus police and the Baton Rouge Police Department is investigating , university Chancellor Sean O'Keefe said . "  If anybody can find them , they can , " O'Keefe told reporters Friday . Watch O'Keefe discuss "  a tragic situation " " O'Keefe said campus police responded to a 911 call at 10:37 p.m. and encountered "  a very , very tragic scene . " Both men had been shot in the head . One was bound with phone cable and the other was lying near the door . The apartment was cluttered and items were strewn about , so it has been difficult to determine whether anything was taken , O'Keefe said . Emergency text messages were sent to students and faculty across the LSU campus late Thursday , but the campus remained open on Friday . O'Keefe said officials decided against a campus lockdown after police determined that the slayings were not part "  an escalating pattern . " People were warned in the text messages to use caution , but not all of the 8,000 students who had signed up for them received them , O'Keefe said . Officials are looking into what went wrong . The Associated Press reported that Allam 's pregnant wife found the bodies and called 911 . Although police have indicated they suspect the slayings occurred during a home invasion robbery , O'Keefe told reporters no motive has been determined . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Pregnant woman reportedly found husband , other man dead in apartment Slain students were international Ph.D. candidates Apartment is on edge of university campus In text-message alert , campus officials urge students to be careful
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Officials from six countries gathered Monday in Turkey and signed a deal to build a U.S.-backed pipeline , aimed at breaking Russia 's near-monopoly on natural gas supplies to Europe . The proposed pipeline could end Russia 's near monopoly on gas supplies to Europe . The proposed Nabucco pipeline would run from Turkey 's eastern border , through Bulgaria , Romania and Hungary , to a key gas terminal in Baumgarten , Austria . Germany is also a partner in the deal , which is being signed in the Turkish capital , Ankara . Russia controls the current network of pipelines that supply Europe with natural gas . To challenge the Nabucco proposal , Russia has proposed a competing natural gas pipeline to southeastern Europe . The South Stream pipeline would pass under the Black Sea and connect with Bulgaria . Russia and Italy would each control half of that pipeline . See map of pipeline " However , Nabucco got a boost after Russia turned off the gas to Europe in January , during the latest in a series of price disputes with Ukraine , according to industry analysts . The Nabucco project is budgeted at $ 7.9 billion  about $ 11 billion  . Since the idea 's inception in 2002 , plans for Nabucco have languished amid disagreements among consortium partners and lack of commitment from natural gas suppliers . Turkey had demanded to retain 15 percent of the gas passing through the pipeline for consumption and export , which its European partners rejected . The energy minister of Azerbaijan is expected to attend Monday 's signing , a top Western government official said . Gas from Azerbaijan 's Shah Deniz 2 field will be a crucial component of the project . European officials have raised hopes that other gas producers , such as Iraq and Turkmenistan , also might contribute to the pipeline . Big hurdles remain for the pipeline project named after an opera by Verdi . Consortium members must raise billions of dollars for the Nabucco project . Construction has not begun , and gas is not projected to be pumped through until 2014 . Still , industry analysts called Monday 's intergovernmental agreement a significant development . "  It 's one of those steps that moves Nabucco out of the possible column and into the probable column , " said John Roberts , an energy security specialist with Platts . "  My own guess is roughly by the end of the year , it will be pretty clear that Nabucco will be built . "	Nabucco pipeline would run from through Bulgaria , Romania and Hungary Project is budgeted at $ 7.9 billion  about $ 11 billion Russia has proposed a rival pipeline through southeastern Europe
CNN  -- Liverpool have secured the biggest sponsorship deal in the English Premier League club 's history after they announced a four-year deal with Standard Chartered Bank . Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish and managing director Christian Purslow confirm the new sponsorship deal . The Reds have confirmed that the bank will replace current sponsors Carlsberg at the start of the 2010-11 season , ending a 17-year association with the Reds , for the beer maker . The figure for the sponsorship has not be disclosed but reports in British newspaper The Guardian suggest the deal is worth $ 133 million . Liverpool managing director Christian Purslow spoke of his delight on sealing the sponsorship agreement for the Anfield-based side . "  I am tremendously excited - it 's a hugely important day in the history of Liverpool FC , " he told the club 's official Web site . "  This is the largest commercial agreement we have ever entered into . To have attracted a partner of the caliber of Standard Chartered Bank says everything about where we are trying to take this football club . "  They operate in a number of markets around the world where we have a long term plan to increase the family of Liverpool fans and this agreement will be very helpful to us in doing that . " Purslow added : "  Many branches in these countries will effectively be a shop window for Liverpool FC and a means of attracting more supporters to the cause . "  We aspire to be the best at what we do on and off the field . This is the first commercial agreement the club has entered into which can truly be described as the best of its kind in world football . "  I hope this tells everyone , especially our fans , what we are trying to do with this football club in the future . " The move follows Liverpool 's American owners , George Gillett and Tom Hicks , concluding a deal in July to re-finance a $ 380 million bank loan they took out to buy the club in 2007 . Plans to develop a new 60,000-seater stadium at a cost of $ 580 million were shelved due to the recession in 2008 by the club , despite planning permission being granted by the local city council .	Liverpool announce a new sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank The means the end of the Reds 17-year association with brewers Carlsberg Liverpool will carry the bank 's name on their shirts at the start of the 2010/11 The deal is reported to be worth approximately $ 133 million to the club
CNN  -- French Prime Minister Francois Fillon unveiled further details Monday of a 26 billion-euro  $ 33 billion  business stimulus package which his government hopes can stall falling growth and prevent the country joining other major European economies in recession . Up to 1,000 projects will benefit from the package , which was first proposed by President Nicolas Sarkozy in December and approved by French lawmakers last week . Around 20 billion euros of the total amount will be spent over the next 12 months . Businesses will receive 11.4 billion euros while the same amount will be invested in public projects with social housing identified as a priority . The final 4 billion euros will be spent on improving France 's transport , energy and postal service infrastructure . The package is expected to stimulate economic growth of around 1.3 percent , Fillon said . France has so far avoided the worst of the recession that has gripped many of its western European neighbors , including Germany and the UK . But unemployment rose by a further 45,000 in December after surging by 64,000 in November , French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde said Monday , adding that she would be "  very surprised " if France experienced positive growth in 2009 . Speaking to CNN this weekend at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Lagarde , defended the case for public spending in the face of fears that stimulus packages amounted to storing up unmanageable debts for future generations . "  When the house is on fire we do n't look at what can be built , Lagarde said . "  We need to kick start  the economy  and we need to restore confidence . "	French government to spend $ 33 billion in effort to bolster economy French PM Fillon hopes package will stimulate 1.3 percent in 2009 Unemployment rose by 45,000 in December , according to French finance minister
CNN  -- The highest court in Massachusetts Tuesday struck down down life sentences without parole for juveniles as unconstitutional , ruling that applying such sentences against minors was "  strikingly similar , in many respects , to the death penalty . " The decision by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court comes one year after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that two men convicted of killings committed when they were 14 could not be sentenced to life in prison without parole . The nation 's highest court said the sentences violated the "  principle of proportionality , and so violate the Eighth Amendment 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . " In Massachusetts , the court ruled that "  the imposition of a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole for the commission of murder in the first degree by a juvenile under the age of eighteen is disproportionate not with respect to the offense itself , but with regard to the particular offender . " Since the brain of a juvenile is not fully formed , a judge could not make an accurate determination on whether the minor is "  irretrievably depraved . " "  Simply put , because the brain of a juvenile is not fully developed , either structurally or functionally , by the age of eighteen , a judge can not find with confidence that a particular offender , at that point in time , is irretrievably depraved , the court said . The decision stems from the case of Gregory Diatchenko , who was 17 when he stabbed Thomas Wharf nine times near Kenmore Square in Boston in 1981 . Diatchenko was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to a mandatory term of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole . The court ruled Diatchenko , who has served 31 years in prison , was eligible to be considered for parole . The court also ruled in the separate case of Marquise Brown , who was tried and convicted last year of first-degree murder in the killing of Tyriffe Lewis . The slaying happened in 2009 , when Brown was 17 . Brown was awaiting trial when the U.S. Supreme Court made its 2012 ruling in Miller v. Alabama , which affirmed recent high court rulings against harsh criminal sentences . "  When considered in the context of the offender 's age and the wholesale forfeiture of all liberties , the imposition of a sentence of life without parole on a juvenile homicide offender is strikingly similar , in many respects , to the death penalty , which this court has determined is unconstitutional , " the Massachusetts court wrote Citing "  current scientific evidence , " the judge wrote that the "  discretionary imposition of a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole on juveniles ... under the age of eighteen when they commit murder in the first degree violates the prohibition against ` cruel or unusual punishment . ' " The U.S. Supreme Court in 2005 banned the death penalty for those under 18 who commit aggravated murder . Then , five years later , the justices said juveniles found guilty of non-homicides could not receive life without parole . The rulings put the spotlight on the youngest of killers and the question of whether a national consensus has developed to treat them differently regarding a lifetime of incarceration . At the time of high court ruling , about 2,500 prisoners were serving life sentences without parole for crimes committed as juveniles . At least 79 of those were 14 years or younger at the time , according to the Equal Justice Initiative .	Massachusetts court equates life terms for minors , "  in many respects , " to the death penalty Court reasons that judges ca n't determine whether a juvenile is "  irretrievably depraved " Ruling : Imposing such sentences violates Eighth Amendment protections
CNN  -- If you 're a Michael Jackson fan , chances are you spent May 13 escaping with some of his new music . The King of Pop 's posthumous album , "  Xscape , " officially landed Tuesday after weeks of anticipation , and critics have been generally pleased . The disc features eight never-before-heard Jackson songs that have been finished by a crew of producers led by the prolific Timbaland . Using an array of tracks that were worked on from 1983 to 1999 , "  Xscape " digs into Jackson 's archives and updates the music to make it sound like a contemporary release . In a review , Billboard reassures the curious that the album is worth a listen , adding that "  it 's better than you think , " primarily because Jackson 's vocal talents are "  front and center . " Rolling Stone gives the record a more reserved three and a half stars , calling the track "  Loving You " a standout . "  The song  follows the wonderful , breezy legacy of ` Rock With You ' and ` The Way You Make Me Feel , ' but it 's an exception : Most of these songs rot and sway with fear , " the review says . "  Even with such dark subject matter , though , it 's a joy to hear the joy in Jackson 's voice . " The artist died at 50 in 2009 and , as The New York Times points out in its review , a "  contemporized " album such as "  Xscape " can only do so much to sate a fan 's desire to hear new music . While " ` Xscape ' does polish up these old songs , " the Times observes , it 's also "  clear why Jackson shelved  them  . They 're near misses , either not quite as striking as what he released or lesser examples of ideas he exploited better elsewhere . " The U.K. 's Guardian found the effort to be lacking in coherence , but does believe it 's a sound reminder of why "  Jackson was once pop 's premier genius , still cited by the likes of Pharrell Williams and Justin Timberlake , " the review notes . "  You could even say it 's a fitting bookend to the man 's career . "	Michael Jackson 's posthumous album "  Xscape " arrived Tuesday Fans have been anticipating the disc , which features eight never-before-heard songs Critics have been generally pleased with the material The main drawback has been the subject matter and lack of coherence
CNN  -- A human rights activist who was active in Bahrain 's pro-democracy street protests appeared Sunday before a special military court showing signs of ill-treatment and perhaps torture , Human Rights Watch said Tuesday . Abdulhadi al-Khawaja was one of 14 defendants , most of them active with opposition political movements , who were charged with seeking to "  topple the regime forcibly in collaboration with a terrorist organization working for a foreign country , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . The human rights group said al-Khawaja 's wife and daughter spoke with him briefly after the court session , which was the first time they had been allowed to see him since April 9 , when he was arrested and beaten . They said that they could see a number of injuries to his face , and that he told them he had suffered four fractures to his face , including one to his jaw that required four hours of surgery , the rights group said . "  It appears that Abdulhadi al-Khawaja 's jailers tortured him during the month they held him in incommunicado detention , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Torture or ill-treatment is a serious crime , and Bahraini officials who did or authorized this treatment need to be held accountable , " Stork said . Human Rights Watch said it has documented the routine use of torture by Bahraini security officials during similar interrogations in political and security-related cases . To give time for defendants to prepare their defenses or appoint their lawyers , Bahrain 's National Safety Lower Court postponed the resumption of their trial until May 12 , the rights group said . The military prosecutor brought the case against al-Khawaja , and the case is being overseen by a military judge . Bahrain 's police and military have operated under a "  state of national safety " since March 15 . The defendants appeared before the special court with al-Khawaja ; seven others are being tried in absentia , Human Rights Watch said . Before Sunday 's court session , Bahrain 's military public prosecutor , Col. Yusif Rashid Feleyfel , formed a committee composed of public prosecutors who questioned the 14 suspects , the state-run Bahrain News Agency  BNA  said . The agency said the defendants are accused of crimes that include "  organizing and managing a terrorist group for the overthrow and the change of the country 's constitution and the royal rule , " "  the seeking and correspondence with a terrorist organization abroad working for a foreign country to conduct heinous acts against the Kingdom of Bahrain , " "  an attempt to overthrow and change the country 's constitution and royal rule by force , " funding a terrorist group , insulting the army , "  broadcasting false news and rumors " that threatened public security , "  inciting the hatred of a certain sect of people , " and organizing and participating in rallies without having obtained the proper permits . Two other detainees entered court with limps , the rights group said . "  Sources told Human Rights Watch that when the defendants asked to speak about the abuse they allegedly experienced in detention , security forces forcibly removed them from court , " it added . Maryam al-Khawaja , Abdulhadi al-Khawaja 's daughter , told Human Rights Watch on Monday that her mother , Khadija al-Mousawi , and sister , Zainab al-Khawaja , met with him for 10 minutes after the initial hearing . "  She said her father had gone on a hunger strike to protest his ill treatment and his lack of access to a lawyer , " the statement said . "  She also said that he told his wife and daughter that he had been tortured , but could not describe details because the family meetings took place in the presence of security guards . " The rights group said it had previously received "  credible reports " that al-Khawaja had been admitted to Bahrain Defense Force Hospital for treatment of injuries for six days . "  One person who claimed to have seen him said he was at that point unrecognizable as a result of apparent beatings in detention , " it said . But authorities denied on Sunday that he had been hospitalized or that any of the detainees had been tortured , Human Rights Watch said . And BNA called the reports "  fabricated , politically-motivated news . " Human Rights Watch noted that Bahrain is a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , which prohibits torture , and that Bahrain has ratified the Convention Against Torture . The rights group called on Bahrain to suspend prosecution of civilians in special military courts , to grant them access to lawyers , relatives , and medical care , and to set up an impartial commission to look into allegations of torture . The country is ruled by the Al-Khalifa family , which has been in power since the 18th century . Many protesters are calling for the removal of the royal family , whom they blame for the country 's high unemployment and for running a corrupt government that relies on torture and other harsh measures to clamp down on dissent . Bahrain is an American ally and home to the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . The Al-Khalifa royal family is Sunni Muslim , but two-thirds of the population are Shiites . In recent years , younger Shiites have staged violent protests to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , and many Shiites say the country 's constitution has done little to improve their condition .	Abulhadi al-Khawaja shows possible signs of torture , Human Rights Watch says His wife and daughter said they saw him in court Sunday and that he told them of abuse Two other detainees entered court with limps , Human Rights Watch says
Baghdad  CNN  -- A series of car and roadside bombs targeting buses and bus stations rocked predominately Shiite areas of Iraq on Thursday , killing at least 19 people and wounding more than 100 , police said . Two separate incidents happened at bus stations in Karbala province , south of Baghdad . In the first bombing , a car exploded at a bus depot near the Awan Shiite shrine , killing a bystander and wounding 17 . Later Thursday , a pair of bombs erupted in a busy bus station in northern Karbala , killing at least five and wounding 15 others . Read more : Dozens killed in attacks in Iraq In Salaheddin province , north of Baghdad , a car bomb and three roadside bombs exploded near buses carrying Shiite pilgrims in al-Dujail . The blasts killed at least eight and wounded 81 . And in Babil province , south of the Iraqi capital , another bus station bombing killed five and wounded 10 . Overall , violence has dropped significantly in the country since the peak of sectarian violence between 2005 and 2007 , but flare-ups have become commonplace again recently . Read more : Suicide bomber kills Iraqi lawmaker , police say Last month , at least 208 Iraqi soldiers , police officers , and -- mostly -- civilians were killed in attacks , according to figures compiled by Iraq 's Interior , Defense and Health ministries . The uptick in violence has coincided with three weeks of demonstrations in Sunni provinces , including Anbar and Mosul , with protesters demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Sunnis largely boycotted Iraq 's 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected , which contributed to years of bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare . These protests were triggered last month when Iraqi security forces arrested bodyguards of Finance Minister Rafie al-Essawi , a Sunni . Al-Essawi on Monday escaped a roadside bomb attack on his convoy near Baghdad . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Iraq and Mark Morgenstein contributed from Atlanta .	At least 19 people killed and more than 100 injured in bombings in Iraq , police say The targets were mainly buses and bus stations in predominately Shiite areas Violence has increased across Iraq recently Sunnis have protested against Shiite-led government , calling for an end to discrimination
CNN  A vein on an Oklahoma inmate "  exploded " in the middle of his execution Tuesday , prompting authorities to abruptly halt the process and call off another execution later in the day as they try to figure out what went wrong . The inmate , Clayton Lockett , died 43 minutes after the first injection was administered -- according to reporter Courtney Francisco of CNN affiliate KFOR who witnessed the ordeal -- of an apparent heart attack , Oklahoma Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton said . That first drug , midazolam , is supposed to render a person unconscious . Seven minutes later , Lockett was still conscious . About 16 minutes in , after his mouth and then his head moved , he seemingly tried to get up and tried to talk , saying "  man " aloud , according to the KFOR account . Other reporters -- including Cary Aspinwall of the Tulsa World newspaper -- similarly claimed that Lockett was "  still alive , " having lifted his head while prison officials lowered the blinds at that time so that onlookers could n't see what was going on . Dean Sanderford , Lockett 's attorney , said that he saw his client 's body start "  to twitch  and  he mumbled something . " Then "  the convulsing got worse , it looked like his whole upper body was trying to lift off the gurney . " Yet the office of Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin issued a statement indicating "  execution officials said Lockett remained unconscious after the lethal injection drugs were administered . " After the ordeal , Patton told reporters that Lockett , a convicted murderer , had been sedated and then was given the second and third drugs in protocol . "  There was some concern at that time that the drugs were not having the effect , so the doctor observed the line and determined that the line had blown , " he said , before elaborating that Lockett 's vein had "  exploded . " "  I notified the attorney general 's office , the governor 's office of my intent to stop the execution and requested a stay for 14 days for the second execution scheduled this afternoon , " said Patton , referring to the execution of Charles Warner . Dianne Clay , a spokeswoman for the state attorney general 's office , said Tuesday night that her office was "  gathering information on what happened in order to evaluate . " The state 's governor ordered an investigation and issued an executive order granting a 2-week delay in executions . "  I have asked the Department of Corrections to conduct a full review of Oklahoma 's execution procedures to determine what happened and why during this evening 's execution of Clayton Derrell Lockett , " Fallin said in a statement . The constitutionality of lethal injection drugs and drug cocktails has made headlines since last year , when European manufacturers -- including Denmark-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital -- banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Thirty-two states were left to find new drug protocols . Opinion : End secrecy in lethal injections According to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections , its protocol includes midazolam , which causes unconsciousness , vecuronium bromide , which stops respiration , and potassium chloride , which is meant to stop the heart . Lockett was convicted in 2000 of a bevy of crimes , including first-degree murder , first-degree rape , kidnapping and robbery in a 1999 home invasion and crime spree that left Stephanie Nieman dead and two people injured . His final moments gave new life , at least temporarily , to Charles Warner . Warner was convicted in 2003 for the first-degree rape and murder six years earlier of his then-girlfriend 's 11-month-old daughter , Adrianna Waller . The state decided to put off his execution set for Tuesday . But it has given no indication this delay will be indefinite despite calls from the likes of Adam Leathers , co-chair of the Oklahoma Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty , who accused the state of having "  tortured a human being in an unconstitutional experimental act of evil . " "  Tonight , our state government has acted in sin and violated God 's law , " Leathers said . "  We will pray for their souls . " Notably , Lockett and Warner -- who were both held at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester -- had been at the center of a court fight over the drugs used in their execution . They 'd initially challenged the state Department of Corrections ' unwillingness to divulge which drugs would be used , only for the department to budge and disclosed the substances . But Lockett and Warner did n't stop there , taking issue with the state 's so-called secrecy provision forbidding it from disclosing the identities of anyone involved in the execution process or suppliers of any drugs or medical equipment . Oklahoma 's high court initially issued stays on their executions , only to lift those stays last week in ruling the two men had no right to know the source of the drugs intended to kill them . Warner 's attorney , Madeline Cohen , said that further legal action can be expected given how "  something went horribly awry " Tuesday . "  Oklahoma can not carry out further executions until there 's transparency in this process , " Cohen said . " ... I think they should all be looking at themselves hard . Oklahoma needs to take a step back . " Death penalty Fast Facts Death penalty in the United States gradually declining CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Anti-death penalty advocate says the state government "  acted in sin " Witnesses say the inmate moved , seemingly tried to talk well after being given drugs The inmate , Clayton Lockett , later suffered what appeared to be a heart attack -- and died "  The doctor observed the line and determined that the line had blown , " an official says
Washington  CNN  -- President James K. Polk holds a distinction among those who have sought the nation 's top job : He 's the only major candidate to win the White House despite losing the vote in the state where he was born and the state where he lived . It happened in 1844 , and now 168 years later , Republican nominee Mitt Romney may need to duplicate Polk 's feat if he wants to defeat President Barack Obama in Tuesday 's election . According to polls , Romney faces the prospect of losing both the state of his birth , Michigan , and the state where he lives and served as governor , Massachusetts . CNN Polling Center Obama holds a double digit lead in Massachusetts , but the race is closer in Michigan , with the polls tightening , though the president remains in front . Under the Electoral College system , each state is worth a certain number of electoral votes based on population . There are a total of 538 electoral votes available , meaning 270 are required to win . Romney has many plausible paths to victory on Tuesday without winning Michigan or Massachusetts . Yet the prospect that he might lose either or both raises the question of how many other presidential candidates in U.S. history also were unable to win their birth or home states ? Winners who overcame the loss of a state with strong personal ties included Abraham Lincoln , Richard Nixon and both George H.W. Bush and his son , George W. Bush . New national poll shows Obama , Romney virtually tied Honest Abe won his home state of Illinois , but lost his birth state of Kentucky in both of his presidential runs in 1860 and 1864 . In 1968 , Nixon won his birth state of California , where he also ran unsuccessfully as governor , but lost his home state of New York , where he had been working as a lawyer for a few years . Both of the Bushes won the state where they lived -- Texas -- in their three successful presidential campaigns , but lost their birth states -- Massachusetts for the father and Connecticut for the son . Many more candidates who lost either their birth or home states also lost the election . Al Gore would have defeated George W. Bush in 2000 if the Democratic vice president carried his home state of Tennessee . Democratic President Grover Cleveland won a larger share of the popular vote than Benjamin Harrison in 1888 , but he lost his home state of New York and the electoral vote to his Republican foe . Here 's a look at some of the presidential candidates who lost their home or birth states : Two candidates , two journeys , one race of lost dreams 1844 -- Democrat James K. Polk lost both his birth state of North Carolina and home state of Tennessee , but still managed to defeat Henry Clay . 1860 -- Republican Abraham Lincoln lost his birth state of Kentucky , but won his home state of Illinois in defeating Stephen Douglas . The same dynamic occurred four years later when Lincoln defeated George McCLellan . 1888 -- Incumbent Democratic President Grover Cleveland won his birth state of New Jersey , but lost his home state of New York in falling to Benjamin Harrison . In this race , Cleveland won a slightly larger share of the popular vote than Harrison , but lost in the Electoral College . 1916 -- Incumbent Democratic President Woodrow Wilson won his birth state of Virginia , but lost his home state of New Jersey in defeating Charles Evans Hughes . 1932 -- Republican President Herbert Hoover lost his birth state of Iowa in falling to Democrat Franklin Delano Roosevelt . As the incumbent and a former cabinet secretary , Hoover had been living in Washington for years before the election , and he also lost the District vote . 1944 -- Republican Thomas Dewey lost both his birth state of Michigan and his home state of New York , where he was governor , in falling to incumbent President Franklin Roosevelt . 1952 -- Democrat Adlai Stevenson lost his birth state of California and his home state of Illinois , where he was governor , in falling to Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower . The same thing happened four years later , when the incumbent President Eisenhower also won California and Illinois in defeating Stevenson . 1968 -- Former Republican Vice President Richard Nixon won his birth state of California , but lost his home state of New York in defeating Democrat Hubert Humphrey , who lost his birth state of South Dakota , but won his home state of Minnesota , which he had represented in the U.S. Senate . 1972 - Democratic Sen. George McGovern lost South Dakota , both his birth and home state , in getting swamped by incumbent President Nixon . 1992 - Incumbent President George H.W. Bush lost his birth state of Massachusetts , but won his home state of Texas in falling to Democratic Gov. Bill Clinton . 2000 -- Texas Gov. George W. Bush won his home state , but lost his birth state of Connecticut in defeating Democratic Vice President Al Gore , who won his birthplace of Washington , D.C. , but lost his home state of Tennessee , which he had represented in the U.S. Senate . 2004 -- Incumbent President George W. Bush again won his home state of Texas , but lost his birth state of Connecticut in defeating Democrat John Kerry , who lost his birth state of Colorado , but won his home state of Massachusetts , which he represented in the U.S. Senate . CNN 's Keating Holland contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney might not win Michigan , where he was born He is well behind in Massachusetts , where he served as governor Romney has many plausible paths to victory without those states James K. Polk in 1844 lost his birth and home states but won the presidency
CNN  -- It was n't easy for 59-year-old Margie White to ask her husband , Dick , for a divorce after 37 years of marriage . "  It really was the most courageous thing that I had to do , " she said . The couple met in college and married young . They settled down in a rambling , split-level house in the leafy suburbs of northern Virginia and raised two sons , now grown . But they struggled over the years to communicate and connect , they say , and they slowly grew apart . When one son and his wife had a child , Margie spent more than eight months living in Pennsylvania helping out with the baby . It was during her time there that she realized how much she preferred living on her own . "  We really did struggle , " she said . "  We gave it our best shot . We really tried . We were no strangers to marriage counseling , when it came to that , and individual counseling , but there just was n't the glue to hold it together anymore , for me . " Dick agreed . "  It was always sort of lurking in the background there , " he said . "  When Margie put it on the table it just seemed like , OK , yeah , we really should do this , and let 's try to do it right . " Baby boomers looking for love online The Whites ' story is part of a larger trend . Even as divorce rates for the general population have stabilized over the past several decades , they are on the rise among baby boomers . Divorce rates among couples over 50 have doubled in the last 20 years , according to a study by Bowling Green State University . In 1990 , fewer than one in 10 people who divorced were 50 or older . In 2009 , that figure was one in four . Using data from the federal government 's 2009 American Community Survey , the study also looked at the demographics of divorce and found that rates for those over 50 were highest among black couples and lowest among white couples . Hispanics fell in the middle . Older adults who divorced also tended to be less educated than those who remained married . The authors identified several factors that could explain the rising rates , from longer life spans to the changing marital biographies of many baby boomers . They found the divorce rate for those who were in their second or third marriage was 2.5 times higher than for those in first marriages . "  Increasingly , these are baby boomers . They were the first generation to come of age when we saw the rapid acceleration in premarital cohabitation and divorce rates in the 1970s and the early 1980s , " said co-author Susan L. Brown . She also pointed to boomers ' changing ideas about marriage . "  We have high expectations for what constitutes a good marriage today and we 're looking for self-fulfillment and individual happiness in our relationships , " Brown said . "  When you are 60 , 65 you retire ,  and say  ` Well , I can live another 20 , 25 years . Do I want to spend my life with that person ? Is she or he making me happy ? ' And if not , well , divorce is a viable alternative . " Dick White , now 62 , said members of his generation are used to getting what they want and that what many boomers want is changing now that they are entering a new phase of life . "  There was a joke that one of the retirement counselors made at a seminar that I went through as part of my retirement planning , " he said . "  The counselor said that couples will look at each other and say , ` Well , I married you for life , but not for lunch . ' That , OK , now you have all day looking at each other , trying to deal with each other . What do we do for lunch ? Previously , you kind of went through your business day in your own world and you got together in the evening for family time , children time , relationship time . Now you have deal with each other for all day long , and that 's different . And can you do it for another 20 years ? Maybe not . " New Beginnings : A divorced and separated persons support group Doing it "  right " While the Whites decided their marriage was over , that did n't mean their relationship was . Dick lives just a few miles away from Margie and still helps out with maintenance at the home they once shared . When Margie was in a minor car accident recently , Dick was the first person she called . "  I feel like it 's worked out the best for both of us , because living together did n't work for us at all well , " Margie said . "  We used to joke about how maybe if we had a duplex maybe we 'd get along better . But this is actually better . " Both said part of the reason they have been able to maintain a positive relationship in the six months since their divorce was the way they went about the process . The Whites had a so-called "  collaborative divorce . " Each had his or her own lawyer , but they used a neutral financial planner and mental health professional to help them get through the process smoothly . Collaborative divorces aim to avoid the traditional adversarial route of most divorces . And while a judge has to sign off on the agreement to make it official , the process is meant to avoid courtroom fights . "  We worked it out . We wrote it down , " Dick explained . "  The lawyers put the proper language on it , and we sent it to the court . It says , ` We 've already decided what we want to do with the rest of our lives . Now please , your honor , sign . ' " Divorce over 50 raises important issues The rise in newly single boomers like the Whites raises important issues , from loneliness and financial concerns to dealing with failing health in their later years . "  When these folks face health challenges , they are not going to have a spouse at the ready to provide for them , " Brown said . "  Traditionally in America , that is what we 've relied on . The No. 1 caregiver has been the spouse . " Caregiving for loved ones the ` new normal ' for boomers The Whites both take precautions now that they are living alone . Margie has a friend she e-mails each morning to let her know she 's OK , while Dick religiously carries his cell phone while working around the house in case he falls and gets hurt . Those concerns aside , both Margie and Dick have taken advantage of their new lives . Margie , who is retired but works part-time as a nanny , is learning about Buddhist meditation , while Dick joined a boat club and now rows several times a week on a nearby reservoir . He also teaches pottery classes near his home . They have begun to wade into the dating world , but are n't necessarily looking to get married again . "  Hope springs eternal , does n't it ? " Margie said . "  I would like to have a life partner . I do n't know about marriage . I think the statistics for a second marriage are grimmer than they are for the first . I certainly would like to have a special someone in my life . " Dick said he does not define himself by whether he is married or not . "  That 's a particular legal statement that does n't necessarily in itself matter . It 's the relationships that matter . "	Margie and Dick White got divorced after 37 years of marriage Divorce among baby boomers is on the rise Changing ideas about marriage , longer life span could be contributing factors Rise in single boomers raises issues such as financial and health concerns
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A restaurant vestibule normally is a place for patrons to exchange greetings and hold the door for each other . What occurred at an Atlanta restaurant last year turned into much more than that , with allegations of punches , kicks , racial invective and spitting . Testimony providing two different views of the confrontation ended Friday in Clayton County Superior Court , with a man accused of punching and kicking a female patron at a Cracker Barrel restaurant agreeing to a plea deal . He received six months in jail . "  Justice was served , " District Attorney Tracy Graham Lawson told CNN on Saturday , acknowledging that her case became unraveled when jurors learned the accuser faces charges of her own . Troy Dale West Jr. , who is white , was accused of screaming racial slurs while beating Tasha Hill , an African-American female Army reservist , at the Morrow restaurant in September 2009 . The Poulan , Georgia , resident faced 44 years if convicted of all charges . Felony charges of aggravated assault and false imprisonment were dropped and he pleaded guilty to four misdemeanors : battery , two counts of disorderly conduct and cruelty to children in the third degree , Lawson said . He has no prior criminal convictions . The state asked for 48 months in jail . West 's attorney , Tony Axam , asked for time served . The judge gave him 36 months and suspended all but six . West , who has served 40 days already , was sent to jail . Axam was not immediately available for comment Saturday . West , then 47 , was arrested on misdemeanor charges after the incident , but Lawson took the case to a grand jury asking for more serious charges . Hill was with her 7-year-old daughter when the incident occurred at the entrance to the restaurant . Hill , then 35 , testified the attack occurred after she warned West to be careful , after she said he almost hit her daughter with the restaurant door as she was leaving . West claimed he was trying to let the girl enter the restaurant . West told police after the arrest that he hit Hill "  after she spit on me and accused me of trying to hit her daughter with a door . " "  She said , ` I 'm a U.S. military soldier . I 'll kill you , " West testified Friday . "  As I start to turn away , she spits in my face , " CNN affiliate WXIA reported Friday . The defendant said he used an open hand rather than a fist . Hill said she did nothing to provoke the alleged attack , adding that West yelled racial epithets at her during the beating . "  I do n't feel I 've done anything wrong , " West said to Judge Geronda V. Carter on Friday about his plea . "  But it 's in my best interest . " Hill was angry that West did not get more time . "  I did n't ask you to hit me . You beat me down and you need to pay for it , " she said . "  You said you did n't do anything wrong . You can at least apologize if you did . " Lawson said facts she learned since the indictment and during the trial affected the case . A Cracker Barrel employee who claimed to have witnessed the confrontation was in the back of the restaurant and could n't have seen it , she said . And two "  very credible " witnesses were adamant about seeing Hill spit on West , she said . Hill has previous cases involving violent and verbal altercations and is currently charged with disorderly conduct from an incident this summer , Lawson said . Hill is accused of threatening to shoot two boys , claiming they burglarized her home , Lawson told CNN . Lawson said she heard a 911 call about the incident just before the trial began . Hill 's attorney declined to comment Saturday . Lawson and an assistant prosecutor said they spoke with jurors after the plea deal . They confirmed they would likely not have convicted West of felonies . "  They felt the resolution was fair , " the prosecutor said . The district attorney declined to answer whether she would have handled the case differently once she learned about the spitting testimony and cases against Hill . She said she knew of only one previous incident before the trial . During the trial , assistant district attorney Jason Green asked West if it is acceptable to strike a woman . West replied , "  it depends . " Lawson believes West needed to be punished for hitting Hill and using racial epithets . "  I wanted him convicted of something , " she said .	The incident occurred at a Cracker Barrel in suburban Atlanta A woman claims Troy Dale West Jr. used racial epithets against her and struck her West and other eyewitnesses claim the woman spit on him
GDANSK , Poland  CNN  -- At least 20 world leaders gathered Tuesday in Poland to commemorate the start of World War II 70 years ago -- a conflict in which 6 million Poles died . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin  right  chats with his Polish counterpart Donald Tusk in Poland on Tuesday . Germany 's pre-dawn invasion began when the battleship Schleswig-Holstein fired on the Westerplatte military base in Gdansk harbor on September 1 , 1939 . The attack set off a chain of events that eventually embroiled all of the world 's major powers in the war . Polish World War II veteran Romuald Bardzynski , said : "  I was a soldier on the front , a corporal in the cavalry . On September 16 I was injured . We were fighting against the Germans but I was shot by the Soviets . I was wounded three times . "  But the worst thing for me is the land in eastern Poland which was occupied by the Soviets ... and to this day we can not come to terms with it . "  The Russians took half of Poland , and after the Polish fighting on all the world war fronts it turns out that after the war Poland was 77 sq km smaller ! This was a great loss for us . " Eugeniusz Cydzik , another Polish veteran , added : "  We have to talk about what happened ... to make sure it does n't happen again . "  The young generations , like the boy scouts for example , are continuing the memory of those who perished . We take them to the sites of the battles . We even found munitions from the 1914 -LSB- war -RSB- . " WWII lasted until September 2 , 1945 when Germany 's ally Japan signed an unconditional surrender . Leaders from many of the warring nations were in Gdansk on Tuesday for a wreath-laying ceremony at the Cemetery of Defenders at Westerplatte , with commemoration speeches to take place in front of the Westerplatte memorial . Among those attending were German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- leaders of the two nations that once held power over Poland . Merkel said on Tuesday that her country unleashed "  endless suffering " by starting the war , but also recalled the fate of ethnic Germans expelled at the end of the conflict . Watch as Poland marks start of WWII " "  Germany attacked Poland , Germany started World War II . We caused unending suffering in the world . Sixty million dead ... was the result , " Merkel said on German television , according to Agence-France Presse . Send us your World War II stories "  But the expulsion of well over 12 million people from areas of the former Germany and present-day Poland is of course an injustice . This must also be recognized , " she said . Poland first came under German influence at the start of the war , but was later dominated for about 40 years by the Russian-led Soviet Union as the Cold War between East and West settled in after World War II . A dwindling group of veterans , now in their 80s and 90s , was also due to attend . Later on Tuesday , many of the world 's leading classical musicians , playing together as the World Orchestra for Peace , performed a concert in Krakow to mark the 70th anniversary . Watch highlights of the performance "	About 20 world leaders gathered in Poland to mark the start of World War II Attack set off chain of events that embroiled all of the world 's major powers German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Russian PM Vladimir Putin at event Merkel says her country unleashed "  endless suffering " by starting war
CNN  -- The Russian Football Union  RFU  has appointed Fabio Capello as the new national team manager . The former England coach will be hoping to revive the fortunes of a promising Russian squad after a disappointing Euro 2012 , where they crashed out at the group stages . "  Today we decided to appoint Capello as our national team 's new manager , " RFU deputy president Nikita Simonyan told ITAR-TASS news agency . Simonyan , the acting chief of the Union , said they expected the Italian "  to come to Moscow in the nearest future to finalize the details of his contract and sign it . " Capello is expected in the Russian capital on Wednesday or Thursday . The 66-year-old has previously coached the English national side to quarterfinals at the 2010 World Cup and 2008 European Championships . He quit in February after the English FA stripped John Terry of the national side 's captaincy without his consultation . Before moving into international football Capello won domestic and continental titles with AC Milan , Juventus , Roma and Spanish side Real Madrid . Capello had been part of a managerial wish list published by the RFU featuring , amongst others , former Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola , former Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez and World Cup winning Italian manager Marcello Lippi . Capello told the Italian news agency ANSA that he was "  happy and proud " to be taking charge of the Russian national team . "  I 'll be happy if my work with the Russian team will go the right way . The cooperation with this team is a great challenge for me as Russia is a great country . " World Soccer Magazine 's executive editor Keir Radnedge told CNN the Russian national team "  wanted international pedigree , they felt this was important . " "  They want pedigree , achievement , which whatever he did or did n't do with England he certainly did at club level , " he said . "  They felt he qualified England for two major tournaments and he got them through the group stages . He 's now got the international tournament pedigree he did n't have before he got the England job . " Capello replaces the Dutch coach Dick Advocaat , whose Russian team crashed out of Euro 2012 after a surprise defeat by Greece in the group stages . Russia is hosting the 2018 FIFA World Cup and Radnedge believes this had a bearing on Capello 's appointment . "  There has been talk that if he gets them through the next two years then he could go on to the hosting in Russia . It is important for the Russians to build their own kudos on the world stage . They 've gone to so many tournaments and started like world beaters and really fizzled out halfway along the course . " Capello 's first game in charge will be against Northern Ireland on September 7 when Russia begin their campaign to qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .	Fabio Capello is the new manager of the Russian national team The Italian is "  happy and proud " to be taking charge Russia suffered a shock early exit at Euro 2012 Russia are due to host the 2018 Fifa World Cup
CNN  -- The struggle for women 's rights against the backdrops of the Arab Spring and democratic progress in Africa will be recognized by this year 's Nobel Peace Prize on Saturday , at a ceremony unlikely to repeat controversy seen last year . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , and Leymah Gbowee , a social worker and peace campaigner from the same country , will share the prize with Tawakkul Karman , an activist and journalist who this year played a key opposition role in Yemen . The three , chosen "  for their non-violent struggle for the safety of women and for women 's rights to full participation in peace-building work , " will be honored in Oslo , Norway , during a program of events that culminates on Sunday in a star-studded concert . All three will be interviewed by CNN 's Jonathan Mann , a veteran of Nobel Peace Prize ceremonies , shortly after they receive their medals and $ 1.5 million in cash . The interviews and concert , hosted by actors Helen Mirren and Rosario Dawson , will be broadcast live online and mobile on CNN.com . Acts performing at the concert include David Gray , Jill Scott , rock band Evanescence and country duo Sugarland . Johnson Sirleaf , a 73-year-old Harvard graduate whose political resilience has earned her the nickname "  Iron Lady , " became Africa 's first democratically-elected female president in 2006 , three years after decades of civil war ended . Crediting women with ending the conflict and challenging the dictatorship of former President Charles Taylor , she declared a zero-tolerance policy against corruption and made education compulsory and free for all primary-age children . Gbowee , 39 , led a women 's movement that protested the use of rape and child soldiers in Liberia 's civil war . She mobilized hundreds of women to force delegates at 2003 peace talks to sign a treaty - at one point calling for a "  sex strike " until demands were met . Read more about this year 's Nobel Peace Prize winners Although Karman , 32 , emerged as an icon of change as Yemen was swept up in the tumult of the Arab Spring , the mother-of-three has long been active in campaigning for women and human rights . Karman , the first Arab woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize -- and one of its youngest recipients -- founded the rights group Women Journalists without Chains , and emerged as a key figure in protests against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime . While Johnson Sirleaf 's Nobel achievement has stirred anger among Liberian political opponents who claim recent elections were rigged in her favour , this year 's Nobel Peace Price is unlikely to attract the level of controversy seen in 2010 . China and more than a dozen other countries , including Russia , Saudi Arabia and Iran , boycotted the event over the decision to award the prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , a key figure in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests . Read more about the Nobel Peace Prize Liu , who is serving an 11-year-sentence in a Chinese prison for what the government called "  inciting subversion of state power , " was not allowed to travel to Norway to accept the prize , which China denounced as a "  political farce . " Awarded almost every year since 1901  it has been halted during times of major international conflict  the Peace Prize has a history of contentious laureates . Previous winners include former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , who won alongside Vietnamese revolutionary Le Duc Tho  who declined the award  , and the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who won jointly with Israeli President Shimon Peres and former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . In 2009 , the prize was awarded to U.S. President Barack Obama despite the fact he had spent less than one year in office . Two years earlier , former U.S. Vice President Al Gore was a joint recipient in recognition of work highlighting climate change . â $ cents Just hours after officially receiving the Nobel Peace Prize , this year 's three co-laureates sit down with Jonathan Mann for an hour-long special interview . The interview will broadcast live on CNN International and CNN.com on Saturday at 1600 GMT  11 am ET  and repeated on Sunday at 0300 GMT  10 pm ET Saturday  . â $ cents The concert in honor of the Nobel prize winners will be broadcast on CNN.com on Sunday between 1900-2000 GMT  2pm-3pm ET  and 2030-2130 GMT  3.30pm-4 .30 pm ET  .	Three women to jointly receive the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize Prize recognizes non-violent struggle of safety of women and women 's rights Prize winners to be honored with a concert on Sunday hosted by Helen Mirren
Paris , France  CNN  -- French police raided the Paris home of L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt on Wednesday , a local prosecutor told CNN . Investigators have been looking into Bettencourt 's finances for weeks after allegations of secret , possibly illegal payments to French politicians , including President Nicolas Sarkozy . The lawyer for Bettencourt , reported to be France 's richest woman , asked the court last month to stop the retrieval of additional information on his client . A decision on his request is due in two weeks . Bettencourt is at the center of several ongoing cases , including the one involving the alleged payments to politicians . Her former bookkeeper , Claire Thibout , told police she received envelopes of cash that were to be given to Sarkozy and French Labor Minister Eric Woerth , who previously worked in the Budget Ministry and was in charge of reforms to France 's retirement system . Thibout said she withdrew the sums of money at the request of Bettencourt 's financial adviser , Patrice de Maistre . Police have questioned de Maistre several times about the allegations , which Sarkozy and Woerth have both denied . The alleged payments came to light in secret recordings , purportedly made by Bettencourt 's butler and revealed this summer , that also refer to a Bettencourt bank account in Switzerland containing 80 million euros  $ 98.3 million  which had not been reported on her taxes . At the same time , Bettencourt 's daughter went to court in June accusing a photographer of bilking her mother out of a billion euros . Bettencourt was friends with the photographer , Francois-Marie Banier , and allegedly gave him the money . The daughter , however , claims her mother is not mentally competent to handle her own affairs and took the case to court to recover the funds . Bettencourt has since cut Banier out of her will , her lawyer , Georges Kiejman , told CNN on Wednesday . Banier had been the sole heir to Bettencourt 's fortune , and no one has been added to the will in his place , Agence France-Presse reported , citing Kiejman . CNN 's Sarah Goddard contributed to this report .	Liliane Bettencourt is at the center of several ongoing cases She is reported to be France 's richest woman One case involves alleged secret payments to politicians
CNN  -- While most professional golfers pride themselves on using the latest whiz-bang equipment , deep within the Scottish countryside a very different tournament is taking place -- one where the players are happily swinging antiques . In fact , anyone watching the World Hickory Open Championship could be forgiven for thinking they 'd stumbled 100 years back in time . It 's not just the old-fashioned equipment -- wooden-shafted clubs that date back to the late 19th and early 20th centuries -- but also the clothes : the players trek across this dramatic landscape dressed in plus fours and flat caps for the men and long skirts for the women . It 's as if they are unwitting sports hipsters . "  Hickory golf has taken on a new lease of life in the past few years because , I 'm not sure I really like the word , but it 's a bit sort of retro , " Lionel Freedman , co-founder and director of the World Hickory Open , tells CNN . "  It 's almost anti-modern in some ways . " Freedman has played his own role in hickory golf 's ascent over the past decade with the creation of the tournament , which takes place at Panmure Golf Club on the east coast of Scotland on Tuesday and Wednesday . Upon joining the British Golf Collectors ' Society -- founded in 1987 off the back of the U.S. version created 17 years previously -- he became aware of a number of hickory events that initially grew out of members wanting to test their antique clubs . Keen to promote the movement to the masses , Freedman decided to introduce an open competition of his own that anybody could play in , and so the maiden World Hickory Open was staged in 2005 at the Old Golf Course in Musselburgh , Scotland -- recognized by many as the oldest course in the world and the oldest on which play has been continuous . "  I cheekily called it the World Hickory Open , which was a bit of a joke really , " Freedman says . "  I held the first tournament -- 36 people played and I had to give out 36 sets of clubs . But everybody enjoyed it so much , so I said I would continue it . " And so he did , with Freedman 's brainchild having gone from strength to strength , annually touring some of Scotland 's most prestigious courses and becoming one of the world 's leading hickory tournaments in the process . Next year , it will take place at Carnoustie Golf Links to become the first modern hickory tournament to be played on a current British Open Championship course . Freedman estimates that 90 % of the 100-plus competitors this week -- including ex-professional golfers -- will arrive fully-stocked with their own antique equipment . "  Over the years it 's developed and it now really is a World Hickory Open , " he says . "  My tournament this year will have Americans , Swedes , Germans , Swiss , South Africans , Australians , English and Scots . " What is it that attracts these golfers from around the globe to hunt down a rare club made out of wood , when a souped-up version with the latest technological advancements is so readily available instead ? It 's a chance to play on some of the game 's oldest courses , which by today 's standards are often considered too short and antiquated due to the distance the ball can be hit with modern clubs . Courses dating back to the 1930s and older are often around 1,000 yards shorter than those the likes of Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods find themselves playing on week-in , week-out , and so offer a different kind of challenge for hickory golfers , who also play with an older type of ball . "  I do n't think the modern golf course can get any longer , it 's a joke , " Freedman says . "  On the great old courses you walk straight from the green onto the next tee . With the modern golf course you might walk 50-100 yards for the next tee , so you need an enormous piece of land and it takes you much longer to go round . " According to Paolo Quirici , who is defending his title at Panmure , this is golf in its purest form . "  It 's all about distance in the modern game and the putting becomes even more the game inside the game , " says the 46-year-old Swiss golfer , a member of the European Tour from 1989-2001 . "  In the old days , I think the skill of the player was really more put into value , whereas today the clubs are much better than they used to be so many players can get away with hitting bad shots . " For Freedman , that thrill of finally connecting with a more technically challenging swing is the true essence of hickory golf . "  The reason I have a passion for hickory golf is because you really know when you 've hit a good shot . You do n't know when you 've had a good shot until you hit the sweet spot from the face of the club , " he says . "  The modern club is much more forgiving . I know with a modern club , if I have n't connected properly I still get a result . It 's almost like you 're cheating a bit . But if I do that with a hickory , you do n't get the result . " One worry for the movement of hickory golf , however , is that , as time passes by , antique clubs inevitably begin to become that much harder to locate . Fewer and fewer companies manufacture modern authentic versions today -- St. Andrews Golf Company is one -- and certain collectors will always prefer to hang their clubs up on the wall rather than sample them out on the golf course . Some tournaments , including those held by the British Golf Collectors ' Society , state that pre-1935 golf clubs , and not replicas , must be used . "  If I have a wish , it 's that people who are collecting the clubs considered giving some of those clubs back onto the market to try to get people into hickory golf . People would enjoy it a lot more if they had the old clubs to play with , " Quirici says . "  I have been repairing over the past few years about 10 sets of clubs , then I resell them to friends who want to start hickory golf . I do n't like to keep them in the house , I want to keep the movement of hickory golf going . " However , Freedman is sure hickory golf will continue to attract waves of new players in the years to come . "  I do n't think there 's any doubt that it will continue to grow , " he says . "  I 've already been asked if I will hold a World Hickory Open at a golf course in 2017 to celebrate their 150th anniversary . It 's definitely got a bit of wind in its sails . "	World Hickory Open Championship set for its 10th year this week at Panmure The hickory golf movement is becoming more and more popular Players use hickory-shafted clubs that date back to the late 1800s and early 1900s Former pro Paolo Quirici is aiming to defend his title in Scotland
Washington  CNN  -- Members of a key Democratic-controlled Senate panel cast the first congressional votes on a sweeping bipartisan immigration reform bill on Thursday , turning back the first GOP attempts to beef up the legislation 's border security provisions . The Senate Judiciary Committee met for eight hours , debating and holding votes on more than 30 proposed amendments . A majority of the amendments were adopted , but no key provisions in the 844-page bill were significantly altered . "  When it comes to border security , for whatever reason , Democrats are going to be inclined to say it is secure and Republicans are going to be inclined to say it 's not , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  I 'm not blaming anybody , but that 's the way this thing 's going to break out in terms of votes . " Graham and Arizona GOP Sen. Jeff Flake -- part of the "  Gang of Eight " senators responsible for crafting the bill -- sided with the committee 's Democrats on the key votes . The four Democrats and four Republicans in the "  Gang of Eight " have promised to oppose any major changes to the bill . "  The gang stuck together , as we were told they would , on anything that 's significantly impacting their legislation that they drafted with their friends , " said Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , a leading critic of the bill . "  I know it . And everybody needs to know it -- who 's calling the shots . " Another member of the "  Gang of Eight " on the committee , New York Democrat Chuck Schumer , urged his colleagues to "  be constructive . " "  Do n't make an effort to kill a bill that is the best hope for immigration reform , " Schumer said . This is the "  best hope to  overcome  the partisan gridlock that has strangled the Senate , the Congress and the country . " Among the amendments rejected by the committee : a proposal from Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , to block the legalization of any undocumented resident until "  effective " control of the entire U.S.-Mexico border has been established for six months . A majority on the committee also rejected a proposal by Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz to triple the number of U.S. Border Patrol agents along the Mexican border , while quadrupling the level of equipment and other assets along the border , including cameras , sensors , drones , and helicopters . Cruz 's amendment , similar to Grassley 's , would have blocked any legalization of undocumented residents until "  operational control " of the entire Mexican border has been established . Flake and other opponents of Cruz 's amendment argued it would cost tens of billions of dollars -- a fiscally irresponsible move when Congress is trying to cut deficit spending . The bill as currently written commits additional resources to southern border security and establishes a new system of metrics to measure border control effectiveness , but critics insist the plan is full of holes and will ultimately do little to help stem to the tide of illegal immigration . While claiming to strengthen the border , the legislation would also create a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants while bringing dramatic change to labor policy on America 's farms . If enacted , the plan would constitute the first overhaul of the nation 's immigration policy since 1986 . Proponents say the change is necessary to permanently and fairly resolve the status of roughly 11 million undocumented residents . Critics insist the proposed change amounts to amnesty , rewarding those who chose to break the country 's immigration laws . The Judiciary Committee is set to continue its consideration of the "  Gang of Eight " bill next Tuesday .	NEW : Senate Judiciary Committee considers amendments to "  Gang of Eight " bill for eight hours NEW : Panel rejects major changes to border control provisions in the bill NEW : Panel set to resume consideration of the bill next Tuesday If enacted , the plan would be the first overhaul of U.S. immigration policy since 1986
CNN  -- Portugal took a big step to escaping the World Cup 's so-called "  group of death " by crushing North Korea 7-0 in a rematch of the two nations ' famous 1966 clash in South Africa on Monday . Forty-four years ago , the communist country 's team shocked the soccer world by taking a 3-0 lead after only 24 minutes of their quarterfinal in England , but the Europeans hit back to win 5-3 with four goals from star forward Eusebio . There was to be no repeat in rain-drenched Cape Town , as Portugal found form after the disappointing opening draw with the Ivory Coast and claimed second place in Group G ahead of Friday 's final round of matches . Carlos Queiroz 's team led just 1-0 at halftime thanks to a 29th-minute strike from Raul Meireles as the North Koreans again showed the fighting spirit that tested Brazil in their opening 2-1 defeat . But the floodgates opened in the second spell as Simao Sabrosa , Hugo Almeida and Tiago scored in the space of eight minutes , then substitute Liedson netted to clinch the biggest winning margin of the tournament so far . Captain Cristiano Ronaldo and then Tiago again compounded the Koreans ' misery , giving the Portuguese a massive goal-difference advantage over the Ivorians ahead of their eagerly-anticipated showdown with leaders Brazil . The Brazilians have already qualified for the second round , with six points from two victories , while the Portuguese have four points and the Ivory Coast one . "  We got seven goals but only three points . We need to be more ambitious and determined for the next phase , " Queiroz told AFP . "  We were very determined to win this game but the game we played today will not help us overcome Brazil . We do n't want Brazil to score any goals because this will put our reputation , our prestige , into question . " Portugal went close to opening the scoring in the seventh minute when defender Ricardo Carvalho hit the post with a powerful header from a corner . Meireles , who scored the winner in the second leg of Portugal 's qualifying playoff against Bosnia , broke the deadlock when he ran onto a fine threaded pass from midfielder Tiago and slotted coolly past Ri Myong-Guk . Eight minutes after halftime , winger Simao fired a shot through the goalkeeper 's legs after being set up by Meireles and Almeida . Striker Almeida , recalled after missing the first match , then headed in Fabio Coentrao 's left-wing cross on 56 minutes before Ronaldo laid on the third goal for Tiago on the hour mark . Ronaldo , the world 's most expensive player , hit the crossbar in the 71st minute as he was denied his first goal of the tournament -- a similarly spectacular effort against the Ivory Coast also smashed into the woodwork . Liedson made it 5-0 after the besieged Korean defense failed to cut a cross by fellow substitute Duda 10 minutes later . Ronaldo finally found the net with two minutes to play , showing his trademark cheeky skill as he pushed the ball past the keeper and then juggled the rebound on his back before slotting into the empty goal . Tiago added his second just a minute later with a powerful header from a cross by another replacement , Miguel Veloso .	Portugal take a big step to escaping the World Cup 's so-called "  group of death " Tiago nets a double as Europeans thrash North Korea 7-0 in rematch of 1966 clash Cristiano Ronaldo scores his first goal of the tournament as Portugal go second in Group G Ivory Coast need to defeat Koreans by a similar margin and hope Portugal lose to Brazil
Cairo  CNN  -- Mona Seif is deep in a crowd of thousands , her cell phone camera held high overhead . She is streaming live video and pushing for a better shot of a protest in Tahrir Square , the spiritual heart of the Egyptian revolution . It is Friday in downtown Cairo , and people are shouting and screaming across the square , waving signs and chanting in unison . A fever for change pulses through the land of the Pharaohs . It is weeks after the revolution -- yet the fever here still has not broken . Nearly every Friday across much of Egypt , crowds take to the streets , their passion and push for change still visible . Seif , a soft-spoken , petite brunette with big brown eyes , is on the lookout for human rights abuses or beatings of protesters -- her specialty and personal crusade . Before the day is over , she will send dozens of tweets , post online pictures and video , and record her observations and interviews with people in the streets . And this is not even her day job . Seif is a cancer research lab worker . But she is also a blogger and internet activist , one of Egypt 's many prominent internet revolutionaries who helped topple former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in February . Though their revolution is officially over , they consider the fight ongoing and any sort of real democracy but a far-off dream . They continue to tweet and upload photos and live-streaming video for all the world to see . A similar network of online bloggers and activists stretches across the entire Middle East and North Africa , from Yemen in the east to Morocco in the west , many of them friends and in constant contact with one another . Mostly in their mid-20s , the young i-revolutionaries have various motivations and backgrounds . For Seif , the mission is personal and , in many ways , an inherited mantle . She comes from a well-known and respected family of Egyptian human rights activists , dissidents and protesters who have helped shape her view of the world and prepare her and her siblings to take a place on the front lines of Egypt 's revolution , using the latest technological and digital weapons . She was born into the fight , literally . On the day of her birth , her father was in prison because of his activism . Ahmed Seif El-Islam Hamad is an internationally known human rights attorney in Cairo who was arrested in 1983 and held five years for his work with the country 's socialist movement . During his detention , he was tortured , which he has spoken about publicly . After his release , he dedicated himself to fighting torture and injustice , becoming central to some of Egypt 's most celebrated human rights cases . A decade after he was freed , Ahmed Seif helped found one of Egypt 's top human rights centers . Much of his work at the Hisham Mubarak Law Centre has put him in direct conflict with the Mubarak regime . Mona Seif 's mother , Laila Soueif , is a math professor at Cairo University who helped organize many of the country 's most important demonstrations against the Mubarak regime during the last two decades . At the height of the last big pro-democracy push , known in part for the "  Kefayah " movement in 2005 , Soueif was among a group of women assaulted by Mubarak thugs on the streets . In that attack , Mona 's older brother , Alaa , protected his mother by repelling blows with his arm , which was broken in the attack . Soueif is widely known on the streets as brash and courageous , and has on numerous occasions faced down baton-wielding policemen with nothing but her scolding , scathing , booming voice and steely eyes . "  She is unbelievable , " Mona said of her mother . "  The joke with all of our friends is , if you see Laila Soueif in a protest , then you stick to her and you will be safe . " "  People always assume ,  because  she is a woman and she has white hair , so they want to protect her . But really she does n't fear anything . She never fears state security . I have one photo of her in a protest where she is literally pushing against this line of state security policemen . She 's amazing in this sense . " With their parents so involved in politics and dissent , Mona and her siblings grew up hearing about torture , repression , injustice and the law . The Mubarak dictatorship and police brutality were typical subjects of dinner-table conversation . Seif 's oldest brother , Alaa Abd El Fattah , is a computer programmer who has become one of the most widely known internet revolutionaries in Egypt . He and his wife , Manal , created the Egyptian blog aggregator site Manalaa . Shortly after the incident with his mother in 2005 , Alaa 's insightful , analytical blogs , in which he documented and analyzed the growing abuses by the Mubarak regime , captured attention . As his voice grew , Alaa , too , became a threat to the regime . He was arrested at a demonstration in 2006 and imprisoned for some 45 days . Mona and Manal helped organize a successful worldwide online campaign to free Alaa . Upon his release , he and his wife moved to South Africa , where they continue their campaigns and criticism . Mona 's younger sister , Sanaa , is also already involved in helping organize rallies and groups of young activists . Mona , the middle child , always knew this was her path . "  I 've always known I 'll be politically active . It 's sort of , I do n't know , part of my heritage I guess , " she said . "  But I needed to find my own space , " a way to make her own mark . "  Using Twitter , using social networks , and with my phone , working on cases of military detentions , tribunals and torture -- this has become my own space . I 've found my own way of being part of all of this now . " In 2010 , as events began to heat up , leading to the revolution , Mona began regularly attending demonstrations and working to help the cause . "  I actually celebrated my 25th birthday at a demonstration , in front of the ministry of prosecution . My friends were all there and it was very funny . " During the revolution , between January 25 and February 5 , when President Mubarak finally stepped down , Mona 's entire family was together in the square , night and day . Aunts and uncles and cousins came from afar -- one from London -- to join them . "  We actually had our first family reunion in a long time in Tahrir Square , during the revolution , " Mona said . Facing down the Mubarak regime is something she will never forget . "  It was a life-changing moment for most of the people in Tahrir Square . You could see the gunshots at people , and you could see how people were just going to face the thugs that were attacking us , with nothing to protect themselves . ... "  This was the important moment when everyone realized that everyone in Tahrir Square is willing to take this to the end , no matter what . From that moment on , for me and a lot of others , we had this blind faith that we really will win in the end . " Today , Mona 's main political focus is on individuals who have been detained by the military and are denied due process or fair representation . Many detainees have been held with virtually no legal representation , she said , and many of the trials of protesters by the military have been conducted en masse . "  We have evidence that the military right now is targeting protesters . ... They selected known figures of the Tahrir protest . They selected people who were known and they tortured and beat them up , " she said . "  And if you read or listen to the testimonies of those who were released , which are a few , we still have a lot of people detained unconstitutionally . And you see that it 's not just that they 're getting tortured or beaten up , but there 's an element of the Army trying to break the revolutionary spirit . " CNN 's request for an interview with the Egyptian military leaders was denied . CNN was instead given a statement denying these allegations . "  These cases of torture are false rumors . None of these accounts are true . We are in unstable times in Egypt . There are thugs loose , " said the statement from the Egyptian military spokesman . Mona Seif said the military used different tactics against male revolutionaries than they did the women . "  For the guys , they said the officer told them that they wo n't stop beating them up until they say ` Long live Mubarak . ' In another testimony , they told them to raise their hands up high , and when they would do this they would get beat , kicked in their faces and their heads . ... "  And for the girls , they line them up and ask them who is a virgin and who is not , and whoever says she 's a virgin , they got someone , an officer wearing a white coat , so they assume he 's a doctor , to check whether they are virgins or not with the threat that those who lied about their virginity would probably face prostitution charges . ... You could see it was just to break their spirit . Because in Egypt , in this culture , nothing would break their spirits far more than this . " The Army has admitted they did the virginity tests , saying it was a way to prevent women from making false claims of rape while they were in prison . Mona works closely with many other online activists , including her friends Gigi Ibrahim and Ramy Raoof . They say the number of those who have been denied justice is not small . "  When we started following some of the cases of the protesters , we realized that since January 28 there are thousands of Egyptian citizens who have gone through this . ... They try at least 100 people per one trial . They do n't care about investigations ; they do n't care about the presence of a lawyer . So far we have 500 names of people who were tried before a military court . " The detainees who get released are asked to record what happened to them . "  They write it down . Some of them we managed to get their video testimonies right after they were released , so it actually shows bruises and burn marks . " The testimonies are now online , as a common blog , called the Tahrir Diaries . "  Especially with the army violations and the army torture cases , " she said , "  the Internet is really our only means of fighting this . " CNN 's Taryn Fixel and Leon Jobe contributed to this report .	Young bloggers playing critical roles in revolutions in Tunisia , Egypt , Bahrain Mona Seif 's parents are prominent , longtime human rights activists in Egypt Seif still documenting abuses , following plight of detainees
Lac-Megantic , Quebec  CNN  -- The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer 's story Wednesday as he arrived to face insults from survivors and harsh questions from reporters . Edward Burkhardt said the engineer has been suspended without pay and faces a criminal investigation by Canadian authorities . He said the engineer reported to railroad managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines , but "  I think it 's questionable whether he did . " "  Our general feeling is now that is not true , " said Burkhardt , chairman of the Montreal , Maine & Atlantic Railway . The engineer had worked for the MM&A for "  many years " and "  had a completely clear safety record up until Saturday , " Burkhardt said . Most of the 73-car train derailed in the center of Lac-Megantic early Saturday , and tank cars full of oil exploded and burned . Quebec provincial authorities have found 20 bodies , and 30 more are missing "  and most probably dead , " Quebec Provincial Police Capt. Michel Forget said Wednesday . Graphic : Runaway train devastates Canadian town Authorities have said those still missing may have been vaporized by the resulting inferno . The number of those unaccounted for dropped from the 45 reported earlier Wednesday , and Forget said the numbers could fluctuate as the investigation continues . The railway cars strewn throughout the center of the town 6,000 have barely stopped smoldering , and the area around them remained cordoned off Wednesday afternoon . Hundreds of evacuees , mostly older residents , were still taking shelter in a local school , said Myrian Marotte , a spokeswoman for the Canadian Red Cross . In the beginning , there were 2,000 people who were forced to flee their homes , Marotte said "  Everyone here knows someone who was evacuated , " she said . Nevertheless , she added , "  You see a lot of solidarity and resilience . " A fair bit of anger was also on display as Burkhardt arrived Wednesday afternoon . Two middle-aged men shouted at him as he spoke with reporters , calling him an obscene name and challenging him to walk into the heart of the disaster . One of the men , Pierre L'Heureux , told CNN he knew at least half the people who were dead or missing . "  They should put that guy in prison , " L'Heureux said . "  He 's a murderer ... he should be in prison . " Burkhardt also was likely to face a chilly reception from Mayor Colette Roy-Laroche . Burkhardt said he was trying to arrange meetings with the mayor , who would not tell reporters Wednesday whether she would meet with him . Burkhardt said he felt "  personally , absolutely rotten " about the crash and said his railroad would "  stand up to our responsibility . " As chairman , "  I guess it 's my role to collect all this criticism , " he said . "  We think we have plenty of responsibility , " he said . But whether the company bears "  total responsibility " for the crash is "  yet to be determined , " he added . The cars broke free from an MM&A train as it was parked in the nearby town of Nantes early Saturday , plunging down a seven-mile incline into Lac-Megantic . Firefighters in Nantes had been called to put out a fire on the train before the cars broke away , and Burkhardt said those firefighters may have shut down systems on the train 's five locomotives that contributed to the disaster . "  We felt this probably had an important part to play in this tragedy , " he said . The fire department in Nantes has rejected the notion . The engineer had parked the train and set hand brakes on all five engines and then checked into a hotel for the night . Firefighters reported the blaze to a track maintenance man , who alerted the company to the incident , Burkhardt said . The engines and nine other cars remained behind when the rest of the train broke away sometime later . They stopped a quarter of a mile away from their original parking spot in Nantes . Police : Evidence criminal act may have led to train crash Investigators have asked fire crews to stop spraying down the wreckage to preserve as much of the remaining evidence as possible . Quebec police spokesman Benoit Richard said Wednesday , "  We are no longer treating this as just an accident . " Some of the evidence led investigators to believe a "  criminal act " may have contributed to the train crash , Forget said Tuesday . But Forget said authorities would lay no blame until the investigation shows exactly what happened . All businesses and factories in the affected region that are able were reopening Wednesday morning , Roy-Laroche said . She said the Red Cross would begin distributing vouchers to those returning home for food and other essential items , with the funds for the vouchers donated by people in the community and businesses in the region . The mayor urged tourists not to cancel their reservations in the area , noting that some 300,000 people visit the region between May and October every year . And she thanked people from around the world who sent messages in the aftermath of the tragedy . "  All these messages give us the strength to face this catastrophe , " she said . Quebec Premier Pauline Marois said the provincial government would provide $ 25 million in emergency assistance immediately , with another $ 25 million to help with reconstruction efforts . "  It 's small comfort , we know , " Marois said . But she said the government hopes rebuilding will become "  a mobilizing force " for the town . Tuesday , some 1,200 residents were allowed to return to their homes in the area . Among them was Michel Gagnon , who was eating lunch Wednesday on his patio , a few blocks from the edge of the cordon . Gagnon said Lac-Megantic 's downtown had lost everything , but within a few years , "  everything will be back up . " CNN 's Paula Newton , Ben Brumfield , Holly Yan , Umaro Djau , Jonathan Mann , Pierre Meilhan and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	At least 20 dead , 30 missing and "  most probably " dead , police say Railway CEO casts doubt on engineer 's story "  They should put that guy in prison , " heckler says 72 unsecured oil tank cars roared into Lac-Megantic Saturday , killing at least 15
