Los Angeles  CNN  -- Terminally ill singer Etta James was released Thursday from a Southern California hospital , her manager said . "  She is home with her husband and family by her side , " said Lupe De Leon . "  Her condition remains stable . " James , 73 , was hospitalized two weeks , battling the final stages of terminal leukemia and suffering from dementia . The "  At Last " singer spent New Year 's Eve watching the ball drop with her sons , Donto and Sametto James , in her hospital room , said Donto James , who played drums in his mother 's Roots band for 15 years . Paul Wright , a lawyer who represents the sons in their dispute with Etta James ' husband over who makes decisions for her , said Sunday that the singer is "  nearing the end of her time , but she 's a tough lady . " The judge overseeing James ' conservatorship approved an agreement last month in which husband Artis Mills is the conservator , but he must equally share "  end of life " decisions with the sons , Wright said . Mills is also limited in how much of her estate he can spend and he can not "  encumber her music catalog , " Wright said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The "  At Last " singer is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia James , 73 , rang in New Year 's Eve with her sons in her hospital room She is "  nearing the end of her time , but she 's a tough lady , " attorney Paul Wright says
In China it 's known as gaokao -- the college entrance exams -- and for most young people it dictates the course of a life . A good score in the gaokao will open the doors to the country 's most prestigious universities , granting access not only to the best education and the chance to work overseas but also to an elite Rolodex of upper-echelon contacts . Chinese society , more than any other , is predicated on its networks , or guanxi , and grooming them is a lifetime 's work . For those that miss out on their gaokao , the years of tutoring and months of cramming could mean relegation to a provincial university and the oblivion of a major city "  ant colony " -- the shared dormitory accommodation that awaits graduates trying to find work in China 's urban centers . For others hoping to escape the ineluctable cycle of the gaokao , overseas study is only possible through a limited number of scholarships or rich parents . Increasingly , however , Chinese private schools -- with British A-level exams and the International Baccalaureate -- are geared towards giving the children of the middle class the edge when it comes to gaining a place at a foreign university . "  What we are talking about here really are the upper middle class and above -- people who are aware of what education systems are like in other parts of the world , " said Michel Hockx , Professor of Chinese at the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London . Heading abroad It 'd be hard to find another country over the past 10 years that has spent as much , and as furiously , as China on giving its next generation the kind of head start that an expensive international education provides . The number of Chinese studying in the United States has increased more than fourfold from about 60,000 in 2004 to more than 274,000 in 2014 , according to figures from the Institution for International Education . China now accounts for almost a third of international students in the U.S. , marking an historic high . While the Chinese government assists students that want to study abroad , the majority of students are privately funded and education , in particular recently online education , is now part of a billion dollar industry . Many education companies are publicly-listed companies and a new boom in online education is expected over the next three years , according to a report by Deloitte . For the move towards private education in China not only reflects the aspirations of China 's growing middle class but also a growing dissatisfaction with China 's often tradition-bound curriculum . "  People who are aware of what education systems are like in other parts of the world are becoming increasingly impatient with the Chinese education system , " Hockx said . "  It has an enormous emphasis on rote learning , classes can spend ludicrous amounts of time repeating the same things again and again , it often does n't value creativity . "  The elite are looking at other options and that includes sending their children to private schools in China and also sending them to English-speaking schools , in particular boarding schools in Britain which have a very good reputation in China . " He said Chinese teenagers who must sit the gaokao are required to put in very long hours of study . "  I personally know 13 and 14-year-olds in China who do not get more than four or five hours of sleep a day because of all the work that they need to do . I think many parents are worried because they 're not seeing it as a way of moving up in the world , " Hockx said . English skills While the Chinese system , with its emphasis on rote-learning , is good for certain subjects such as maths and the sciences , Hockx said that the weighting on English in the gaokao -- and a shot at working and studying internationally -- still remained strong . Last year , an attempt by the government to level the playing field by reducing the English-language section of the gaokao  seen as a way of favoring students in provincial areas with fewer opportunities of gaining exposure to English  has done little to dent China 's RMB30 billion  $ 5 billion  English language industry . English language sections of the gaokao were reduced from 150 to 100 points while Chinese sections were increased from 150 points to 180 . Even with some leading teaching companies charging as much as RMB16 ,000 a year for extra-curricular tuition , in a country where the average wage can be as low RMB13 ,000 a year , the English-teaching industry has only grown stronger , especially since the Beijing Olympics in 2008 . New Oriental , China 's largest English-language tuition company , is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and has a market capitalization of $ 4.4 billion . Chinese traditionally have a deep respect for education but increasingly the option of dropping out of the Chinese education system altogether is becoming attractive to some . Han Han , the rebel voice of China 's post-1980s generation , is China 's most famous high school drop out and has gone on to parlay fame as a blogger and social commentator . "  He became famous because when he was 18 he won a writing competition and won a free place at one of the best universities and he said no I 'm not interested , I do n't like this system and I just want to become an independent writer , " Hockx said . "  He became a celebrity overnight almost . " Read this : Asia 's love affair with cosmetics More from Virtual Think Tank	In China the gaokao -- the highly competitive college entrance exams -- dictates the course of a lifetime A good score in the gaokao will open the doors to the country 's most prestigious universities The number of Chinese studying in the US is up from about 60,000 in 2004 to more than 274,000 in 2014 The majority of students are privately funded and education is now part of a billion dollar industry
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Four aid workers , who were abducted from Kenya 's vast Dadaab refugee complex near the Somali border last week , were freed late Sunday during a shootout with kidnappers , a military official said . . Kenya Defense Force soldiers , working with Somali government troops , confronted the abductors after tips from local residents , Col. Cyrus Oguna said . One of the kidnappers was killed , and two escaped when they tried to flee with their hostages . The workers , a Norwegian , Pakistani , Filipino and Canadian , were taken to a military base in Dhobley , Somalia , he said . Although none of them were hurt in Sunday 's gunfight , the Pakistani was shot in the leg during the kidnapping and underwent surgery at the base . Details on his condition were not immediately available . Several days on the run took its toll on the workers . "  They were tired , fatigued , hungry and unwell , " Oguna said . "  The kidnappers were making them walk during the night and hide during the day . " All work for the Norwegian Refugee Council , a European aid group . "  The Norwegian Refugee Council is relieved and pleased to confirm that our four abducted colleagues are found and released , " according to the global humanitarian agency 's website . The aid group said the workers ' families have been notified and more information will be released later . The council has released few details about the kidnappings . "  In our experience with these types of incidents , the less information we provide on the identity of those abducted , the better , " agency spokesman Rolf Vestvik said Friday . The aid agency said only that a convoy "  was involved in an incident " in Dadaab and that Secretary-General Elisabeth Rasmusson and Country Director Hassan Khaire were at the camp but neither was in the convoy . While the four aid workers were taken , their Kenyan driver was killed , police said Friday . Two other staff members were injured and treated at a hospital in the capital of Nairobi , officials said . A Norwegian Refugee Council vehicle also was taken . Police have not said whether the kidnappers were from Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group that is fighting to impose Islamic law in Somalia and controls large parts of the troubled nation . Kenya has blamed previous abductions of tourists and aid workers on Al-Shabaab . In September , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away on a speedboat . She was released months later in Somalia after her family paid a ransom . In October , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s , who used a wheelchair and was believed to be in bad health , from a holiday home on Manda Island , where she lived part of the year . She later died , likely because of the kidnappers ' refusal to give her medicine , according to the French Foreign Ministry . Also in October , gunmen abducted two Spanish workers with the medical charity Doctors Without Borders from Dadaab , the world 's largest refugee camp , which houses nearly 500,000 people about 50 miles west of the Somali border . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph and Journalist Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	NEW : A shootout frees the four aid workers , the Kenyan military says The aid workers are with the Norwegian Refugee Council The abductors get away with a refugee council vehicle Kenya has blamed previous abductions on the militant Al-Shabaab group
CNN  -- Fuel-saving gas-electric hybrid and all-electric cars and trucks powered by sizable battery packs and high voltage motors could present a new kind of danger at serious accident scenes , according to an industry group . A report by the Society of Automotive Engineers  SAE  highlighted risks to first responders and tow operators from potential electric shock from damaged systems not disengaged during or immediately after a crash . "  As electric vehicles enter the marketplace in greater numbers , it 's an appropriate time to recognize best practices that facilitate a safe response when these vehicles are in an accident , " said Todd Mackintosh , chairman of the SAE technical committee that issued the report earlier this month . The group recommended automakers install switches that would kill battery power in the event of an accident . The location of those switches should be standardized for safety . Another recommendation would create a guide for emergency workers , something Mackintosh called a "  cheat sheet for first responders . " It would quickly identify the location of high-voltage components allowing them to be disabled . Tow truck drivers also need better information and training on how to handle hybrids and electric vehicles without receiving an unexpected jolt , the report said . More than 435,000 battery powered electric and hybrid electric vehicles were sold in the United States this year , an increase of 53 % , compared to 2011 sales numbers , according to the Electric Drive Transportation Association . In May , auto industry officials and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  NHTSA  and the Energy Department discussed potential dangers faced by first responders from electrical charges produced by hybrid and electric cars . NHTSA later issued interim guidance for consumers , emergency responders and tow truck operators to increase awareness about specific dangers . Dangers can be reduced if responders have easy access to battery packs and if auto manufacturers create common disconnect locations in all hybrid and electric vehicles , NHTSA said . Automakers are getting the message out to drivers and responders . Nissan places the battery pack of its LEAF all-electric car in a steel case . The Japanese automaker also designed the battery pack to sense a crash and disable its electrical charge when involved in an accident . Ford has published a guide for first responders encountering its Focus EV involved in accidents . The Focus EV includes what Ford calls "  Electric Badges , " which are clearly marked logos on the doors and trunk lid to warn responders of possible electric shock . Cables wrapped in orange high-voltage warning sleeves are located under the hood of the Focus EV . General Motors , maker of the Chevy Volt , is also helping to prepare fire service and other first responders . Moreover , GM took steps to better protect the Volt battery pack following a fire that flared after a crash test in 2011 . NHTSA found no defect with the lithium-ion battery system nor were any real world crash-fires ever reported . But the case highlighted potential safety concerns for first responders .	Batteries of hybrid and electric cars could present safety risk in crashes , group says Clear labels recommended about battery and power systems to protect first responders More than 435,000 electric , hybrid vehicles sold in the United States this year , figures show
Justin Bieber was charged with drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license after police saw the pop star street racing early Thursday morning , Miami Beach police said . "  What the f *** did I do ? Why did you stop me ? " Bieber asked the police officer who pulled him over just after 4 a.m. , according to the arrest report . Bieber , 19 , was released from a Miami jail an hour after he made a brief appearance through a video link before a Miami judge , who set a "  standard " $ 2,500 bond Thursday afternoon . He strutted out of the jail dressed in black , with a baggy hoodie covering his head . His pants appeared to be baggy leather . Bieber briefly sat on top of a black Cadillac Escalade , where he waved to screaming fans , before he was chauffeured away . At the bail hearing , the singer , dressed in an orange jail uniform , stood silently with his lips sometimes pursed as attorney Roy Black represented him in the hearing earlier . Black told Judge Joseph Farina that he had been retained by Bieber 's manager . He said his partner had been denied access to Bieber in jail before the hearing . Bieber was booked into a Miami jail after failing a sobriety test , Miami Beach Police Chief Raymond Martinez told reporters Thursday . Bieber "  made some statements that he had consumed some alcohol , and that he had been smoking marijuana and consumed some prescription medication , " Martinez said . A Miami Beach officer saw Bieber driving a yellow Lamborghini in a race against a red Ferrari in a residential area of Miami Beach , Martinez said . The cars were speeding at about 55 to 60 mph in a 30 mph zone , he said . Police report details Bieber arrest The officer pulled Bieber 's car over , but the singer was "  was not cooperating with the officer 's instructions , " Martinez said . "  At first , he was a little belligerent , using some choice words questioning why he was being stopped and why the officer was even questioning him , " he said . He allegedly ignored a police officer 's request to keep his hands on the car while he did "  a cursory patdown for weapons , " the report said . "  I ai n't got no f *** ing weapons , " the arresting officer quoted Bieber as saying . "  Why do you have to search me ? What the f *** is this about ? " The arrest report describes Bieber as having a "  flushed face , bloodshot eyes , and the odor of alcohol on his breath . " Bieber failed a field sobriety test , Miami Beach Police Sgt. Bobby Hernandez told CNN . Two black SUVs blocked the traffic at 26th and Pine Tree Drive , which "  facilitated an open road " for the two cars to race on Pine Tree , the report said . The Ferrari 's driver , identified as 19-year-old Def Jam recording artist Khalil Sharieff , was also arrested on a drunken driving charge , police said . Sharieff posted a photo on his Instagram account of Bieber in the yellow Lamborghini with a woman behind the wheel early Thursday . "  U know bizzle brought that lambo out , " he wrote in the caption . Another posting showed a photo of a Ferrari steering wheel with the caption : "  Miami nights ridin thru yo city in that hot wheel . " A tweet posted Wednesday evening on Sharieff 's verfied Twitter account linked to a video of him playing basketball with Bieber . Bieber flew to Miami on Monday . Other complaints Another police department in the Miami area is investigating a report that some of its officers escorted Bieber 's caravan between Miami strip clubs this week without authorization . Opa-Locka Assistant City Manager David Chiverton told CNN affiliate WSVN-TV that "  at some point , the escort took them at least to two locations that we know of . " "  The police administration had no knowledge of this escort , and it is not the norm for those things to occur without the chief and his administration authorizing such escorts , " Chiverton told the TV station . Thursday 's incident marks the first time the teen singer has been arrested , although he is under investigation on allegations of egging his California neighbor 's home . Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies used a felony search warrant last week to raid Bieber 's mansion in the felony vandalism investigation . They seized Bieber 's iPhone and the security camera system , which detectives have been examining for clues about who tossed eggs over a fence that splattered onto the next-door house , causing an estimated $ 20,000 in damage . Bieber is having some issues Deputies have also investigated reports by Bieber 's neighbors that he raced his expensive sports car down the streets of the exclusive Oaks community of Calabasas , California , but no charges ever resulted . One neighbor accused Bieber of spitting in his face during a heated confrontation last March . Deputies have responded to complaints about loud parties at Bieber 's place . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office concluded it could n't prove the spitting or speeding cases in court , so it declined to prosecute . Prosecutors also rejected a misdemeanor battery complaint from a photographer who accused Bieber of attacking him in the parking lot of a Calabasas shopping center as he was taking photos of Bieber and his then-girlfriend , Selena Gomez , in May 2012 . "  We did n't do this search warrant to send a message , " Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson said last week . "  That 's not what we do , but we hope maybe that understanding the gravity of this will change some of the behavior . " Bieber 's phone seized in egging probe Stars who threatened to retire and did n't	Bieber leaves jail an hour after judge sets bond at $ 2,500 "  I ai n't got no f *** ing weapons , " police quote Justin Bieber as saying Chief : He told police he drank , smoked pot , took prescription medication before driving SUVs blocked traffic , which "  facilitated an open road " for two cars to race , police say
CNN Student News  -- April 2 , 2014 In what ways do scientists know more about Mars than the Earth 's oceans ? You 'll find out this Wednesday on CNN Student News ! We 'll also tell you about a General Motors recall , a U.S. government requirement for backup cameras on all new cars , and the challenges facing air traffic controllers at the world 's busiest airport . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What information do you think should be included in a news report about a product recall ? Why ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . General Motors 2 . CEO 3 . air traffic controller Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is Mary Barra ? Why was she on Capitol Hill yesterday ? What problem was the focus of her testimony ? When was the problem discovered ? When did General Motors order a recall of the cars that may have this problem ? What are legislators in Washington , D.C. trying to determine ? 2 . What piece of equipment is the U.S. government requiring in cars , SUVs and trucks by 2018 ? What is the government 's rationale for this requirement ? Why are some critical of this requirement ? 3 . Describe the scene in the video taken by a camera mounted on a tank in Syria . Who is fighting in Syria 's civil war ? When did it start ? According to the video , is there an end in sight to this war ? Explain . 4 . How do we currently get data about the bottom of the ocean ? According to the video : What are the challenges associated with mapping the earth 's oceans ? If you were using one ship and it never stopped , how long would it take to map the floor of the Earth 's oceans ? Why do we know more about the surface of the moon and Mars than we do about the oceans ? 5 . What is the world 's busiest airport ? How many runways does it have ? What is the job of an air traffic controller ? How many airplanes do air traffic controllers handle at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport every day ? What are some of the emergencies that arise on almost every shift ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What 's your opinion of the U.S. government 's requirement to include backup cameras on most new vehicles in the coming years ? State your rationale . 2 . Do you think that knowledge of the Earth 's oceans is important ? Do you think that knowledge of space is important ? Why or why not ? If you were elected to Congress , what would your priorities be for exploration funding ? Why ? 3 . What do you think the air traffic controller in the video means when he says that "  volume breeds complexity " ? Why do you think that focus is so important for this kind of work ? What other skills and qualities do you think that the job of an air traffic controller demands ? Could you ever see yourself in a line of work like this , or something similar ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Barely a day passes without news of another major computer security breach . Last week a hacking network named "  Hollywood Leaks " began their attack on the personal data of celebrities , officially adding the glitterati to a roll of shame that already includes targets as diffuse as Sony , the Church of Scientology and PayPal . However only a few days before the emergence of this latest hacking outfit , a far less conspicuous but similarly-skilled group met at a London hotel to discuss the other side of all matters of information security , otherwise known as "  infosec " . The inaugural 44Con was Britain 's first major conference for the good guys of infosec . Among the 300 delegates and speakers were a number of so-called "  white hats " , programmers and penetration testers specifically employed to discover businesses ' weak spots . Using information from these ethical hackers , manufacturers can remedy or "  patch " the problem before its release and companies can take measures to safeguard their data . Although their more destructive brethren might continue to grab headlines , 44Con demonstrated that the fight against hackers , and other more traditional threats to information security , is also strong . "  The way people use and consume media and share information has drastically changed over the past ten years , " said Steve Lord , a security professional and co-founder of 44Con . "  The information that we used to think would stay on a computer , in an increasingly networked world , it goes everywhere . So there is an increasing demand for people to secure that information because otherwise people wo n't put it there . " 44Con attracted representatives from governments and members of the military , alongside risk managers , consultants and students . According to Lord , the roll call included "  hackers , freaks , geeks , spooks and kooks , " none of whom was required to identify themselves further than a first name . "  It 's everyone around the table all looking at the same problems and hopefully coming up with some solutions , " Lord said . High-profile hacking is only one strand of the ongoing battle to protect electronic information from damage or infiltration . Events at 44Con ran the gamut from workshops demonstrating old-fashioned lock-picking with a paperclip , through discussions of threats to iPads and smart phones and even a presentation of how NASA 's transmissions to astronauts have recently been intercepted . "  We 've got a serious problem here ... like the global financial crisis , " said Haroon Meer , a researcher at the infosec consultancy , Thinkst . But although Meer also referred to "  our upcoming security apocalypse " , others were focused on how intelligence can be used to predict attacks before they occur and , crucially , how to acquire boardroom backing for improved security measures . Infosec professionals often converse in a language that is not always immediately accessible to a layman  executives included  , but the result of their endeavors can often be startlingly clear . "  Every single guy at boardroom level that I speak to says , ` Are we going to be the next Sony ? ' " said Lord , referring to the recent devastating hack on the electronics giant . "  Everybody had a look at the Sony thing and thought , ` Oh God , I hope I 'm not next . ' " Sony given ` epic fail ' award from hackers Several presentations at 44Con offered chilling demonstrations of the vulnerabilities of common business devices . Alex Plaskett , a consultant at MWR InfoSecurity , who described himself as someone who has been "  professionally breaking things " for many years , performed a so-called "  drive-by " exploit on a Windows 7 smart phone . Independent security consultant , Neil Kettle , performed a take-down of the much garlanded online banking security software Trusteer Rapport , running a key-logging program that replicated on screen anything a user might be entering into supposedly secure password fields . Another security expert Roelof Temmingh showcased the most recent version of Maltego , software that analyzes and compares freely available information from numerous social networking sites . Using the website of the Executive Office of the President as an example , Temmingh was able to extract specific information such as favored restaurants among White House staffers , as well as other behavioral trends . "  Even if we do n't want to attack , what can we learn ? " Temmingh asked , before revealing that at least one member of the Bush administration was a fan of Moody 's Diner , visited a psychic medium named "  Rosemary the Celtic Lady " and was a keen editor of Wikipedia pages . The examples were deliberately banal and outdated , but the implication was clear . Through similar paths , hackers of more nefarious intentions could determine what versions of browsers are being used in the White House , for instance , and probe specific vulnerabilities . "  If you can exploit the browser of a leader , then you 've exploited the PC of a president , " Temmingh warned . However it was left to Alexis Conran , a former confidence trickster who appeared in a British TV show called "  The Real Hustle " , to sum up the challenges still faced by the infosec sector . "  The general public will only take steps to protect themselves if they know what the dangers are , " he said .	Information security professionals working to beat hackers Conference in London demonstrated threats and solutions Mobile devices , bank accounts and website all vulnerable People need to be aware of risks before taking action , suggests experts
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Tami Farrell , who became Miss California USA last week when Donald Trump dumped Carrie Prejean , promises to avoid controversy during the five months of her reign . Tami Farrell became Miss California USA last week and is set to reign for five months . "  I 'm trying my best to kind of calm the waters , " Farrell said in an interview Sunday at the Playboy Jazz Festival at the Hollywood Bowl . Prejean 's same-sex marriage comments , semi-nude photos and personal feud with state pageant officials contributed to a storm of controversy that brought unusual attention to the title Farrell now carries . "  I think that everything in life happens for a reason , and I 'm just blessed to have this opportunity , " Farrell said . Farrell , 24 , said , "  it 's been a crazy few days " since Wednesday , when she got the call that Prejean had been ousted . "  I keep stepping into controversy , but hopefully I can avoid it for a while , " she said . She hopes the extra attention will help launch her show business career . "  A couple of my favorite music groups have called , because I sing , so maybe we could record something together , " she said . Farrell did not name the groups . She is also a writer and has had meetings in recent days about a screenplay she 's written . "  All I can tell you is that it 's hilarious and that if  actor  Will Farrell or  director  Adam McCay could give me a call , things would be wonderful , " she said .	Tami Farrell replaces Carrie Prejean for the next five months Farrell says she hopes to avoid the controversy that plagued Prejean "  I 'm just blessed to have this opportunity , " Farrell says Farrell hopes ascending to title will help launch her show business career
CNN  -- Former European champions Feyenoord suffered an astonishing 10-0 defeat to Dutch league leaders PSV Eindhoven on Sunday . The Rotterdam side are one of the traditional powerhouses of Netherlands ' football but find themselves second bottom with coach Mario Been under intense pressure . This latest humiliation , easily the worst result in their history , they were beaten 8-2 by arch-rivals Ajax in 1982 , came at PSV 's Phillips Stadium . Their cause was not helped by the red card for Kelvin Leerdam after 34 minutes when they were a solitary goal behind through Jonathan Reis , who went on to grab a hat-trick . Jeremain Lens  2  , Balazs Dzsudzsak  2  , Ibrahim Afellay , Ola Toivonen and Orlando Engelaar also scored for the table toppers . But the immediate future looks bleak for both Been and Feyenoord , who have won 14 Dutch titles , 11 Dutch Cups to go with their 1970 European Cup triumph and two UEFA Cup crowns . Been told the official Feyenoord website that it was a "  dark day in the club 's history . " Fellow Dutch giants PSV have achieved a 10-goal victory margin twice in their history against the Go Ahead Eagles and FC Volendam in 1973 and 1998 respectively . They top the Dutch standings ahead of defending champions FC Twente who kept up the chase with a 3-2 win over Den Haag , with Marc Janko scoring the crucial goal .	PSV Eindhoven rout fellow Dutch giants 10-0 in league match Jonathan Reis hits a hat-trick as 10-man Feyenoord crumble PSV top the standings ahead of defending champions FC Twente
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Sala saunters in the red soil , her wrinkled skin glistening in the sun as she tries to keep up with the rest of the herd . It is hard to believe the 6-week-old , dwarfed by her human keeper , will grow up to be one of nature 's biggest beasts . Until then , she lives at a Nairobi orphanage that takes in baby elephants struggling to survive . There , she walks around in the lush wilderness with her peers , drinks soy milk and waves her trunk playfully as her keeper applies sunscreen on her delicate skin . A red garment tied around her back keeps it safe from the sun 's glare . Sala is one of scores of animals orphaned by drought , poaching and shrinking habitats , which have decimated wildlife across Kenya . The baby elephant was found wandering , alone and confused , after her mother died of starvation , her caretaker said . Conservation groups such as the David Sheldrick Foundation , where Sala is , have seen an influx of wildlife . The foundation takes in orphaned elephants and rhinos from across the country , a popular tourist destination because of its animals . "  You know if a human child came in need of care , you would n't put a bullet in or turn it away , " said Daphne Sheldrick of the foundation . "  Elephants are the same . ... Whatever comes in , we have to make space . " The facility has more than 20 elephants in Nairobi and more at another center in Tsavo National Park , where they are also rehabilitated . Kenya depends on tourism as a main source of income . Sala taps into that to help earn the $ 900 monthly cost for her upkeep . She slushes and slides in a mud bath for throngs of tourists and uses her trunk to nudge the only other person she dwarfs -- a squirming toddler . Sala and the other animals will be released back into the wilderness when they are old enough , which takes years . Long after they are gone , their caretakers will still worry about the fragile animals they help nurture . "  After working with these elephants , it 's no longer just a job , " said Edwin Lusichi , the chief keeper . "  It is from inside your heart , the love that you have for these animals . "	Conservation groups have seen an influx of wildlife Scores of animals are orphaned by drought , poaching and shrinking habitats David Sheldrick Foundation makes room for all the elephants that come its way
CNN  -- Investigators in Bosnia have uncovered a mass grave thought to contain several hundred bodies of victims of the conflict that followed the breakup of the former Yugoslavia two decades ago . The remains are believed to be those of victims of Bosniak and Croat ethnicity from Prijedor and its surroundings , killed in the summer of 1992 , according to the Prosecutor 's Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina . The site , at Tomasica in Prijedor municipality , is one of the biggest mass graves found in Bosnia and Herzegovina since the conflict , said Boris Grubesic , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . As of Thursday , 231 complete bodies had been exhumed , as well as the body parts of another 112 people . But , he added , the number found goes up by the day or even the hour . More than 30 personal items have also been found , he said . Excavation of the mass grave , which goes to a depth of 10 meters  33 feet  , began in early September and is expected to continue into next week . The remains are being taken to an identification center in Sanski Most , where they will remain until the forensic analysis and identification process is completed , the prosecutor 's office said . Representatives of the International Commission on Missing Persons , the interior ministry for Bosnia and Herzegovina and the prosecutor 's office are present for the dig , as well as an expert forensic pathologist . Missing relatives Identification of the remains may help bring closure for the many families whose relatives vanished in the course of the conflict , which ended in 1995 . About 9,000 people are still missing , about 30 % of all those reported after the conflict . Another 22,000 have been accounted for , according to the International Commission on Missing Persons . Ambassador Peter Sorensen , head of the delegation of the European Union to Bosnia and Herzegovina , was part of a delegation that visited the Tomasica site just over a month ago , when he spoke of the thousands still missing . "  Their families have the right to know what happened to their missing relatives , " he said . "  Governments , military authorities and former armed groups have an obligation to provide all the relevant information they hold , and assist in efforts to put families back together . " He and others also visited another grave site under excavation , this one at a garbage disposal site in Sarajevo . Witness statements suggest that as many as 100 bodies may be found there , but two decades worth of garbage must first be removed , according to a statement from the International Commission on Missing Persons . Kathryne Bomberger , director general of the commission , praised the work of the investigators , saying that the excavation works at the two sites were "  some of the most complex undertaken in the region . " "  The process of investigating these disappearances is a painstaking one which requires careful excavation of clandestine gravesites and precise documentation of evidence that is recovered , " she said . War crimes trials The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , a U.N.-backed court , continues to prosecute war crimes committed during the conflicts in the Balkans in the 1990s . Four cases remain at trial , including that of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic , accused of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The other three on trial are former Bosnian Serb army leader Ratko Mladic , who 's indicted for genocide and other war crimes ; Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic , accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes ; and Vojislav Seselj , a Serb nationalist politician who faces charges of crimes against humanity and war crimes . The tribunal said "  the most significant number " of its cases dealt with alleged crimes by Serbians or Bosnian Serbs . But there have been convictions for crimes against Serbs by others , including Croats , Bosnian Muslims and Kosovo Albanians . Serbia 's president declines to define killing of 8,000 in Srebrenica as ` genocide ' CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	The bodies are thought to be those of victims of Bosniak and Croat ethnicity killed in 1992 Excavation work began at the site in Tomasica , in Prijedor municipality , in September About 9,000 people are still missing after the conflict in the region two decades ago
CNN  -- A total of seven cases of a previously undetected strain of swine flu have been confirmed in humans in the United States , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . None of the patients has had direct contact with pigs . Swine flu is usually diagnosed only in pigs or people in regular contact with them . Five of the cases have been found in California , and two have been found in Texas , near San Antonio , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , the CDC 's Interim Deputy Director for Science and Public Health Program . The CDC reported Tuesday that two children in the San Diego , California , area , infected with a virus called swine influenza A H1N1 , whose combination of genes has not been seen in flu viruses in either human or pigs before . The patients range from age 9 to 54 , Schuchat said . They include two 16-year-old boys who attend the same Texas school , and a father and daughter in California . "  The good news is that all seven of these patients have recovered , " Schuchat said . The first two cases were picked up through a special influenza monitoring program , with stations in San Diego and El Paso , Texas . The program aims to get a better sense of what strains exist and to detect new strains before they become widespread , the CDC said . Other cases emerged through routine and expanded surveillance . At this point , the ability for the human influenza vaccine to protect against this new swine flu strain is unknown , and studies are ongoing , she said . There is no danger from contracting the virus from eating pork products , Schuchat said . The new virus has genes from North American swine and avian influenza , human influenza and swine influenza normally found in Asia and Europe , said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's Influenza Division . Swine flu is a respiratory disease of pigs caused by type A influenza , according to the CDC . It does not normally inflect humans , but cases have occurred among people , especially those who have had direct exposure to pigs . There have also been cases in the past of one person spreading swine flu to other people , the CDC said . In 1988 , in an apparent swine flu infection in pigs in Wisconsin , there was antibody evidence of virus transmission from the patient to health care workers who had contact with the patient , the CDC said . Person-to-person transmission is believed to occur in a manner similar to the spread of the influenza virus : through infected people coughing and sneezing , the CDC said . People may contract swine flu by touching something with viruses on it and then touching their mouth or nose . From December 2005 to February 2009 , 12 cases of human infection with swine flu were documented . Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble regular human seasonal influenza symptoms , including fever , lethargy , lack of appetite , and coughing , the CDC said . Other reported symptoms include runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . The new strain of swine flu has been resistant to the antiviral drugs amantadine and rimantadine , but has responded to the other licensed options : oseltamivir and zanamivir . The CDC is working closely with health officials in California and Texas to learn more about the virus . The agency expects to find more cases , Schuchat said . If swine flu can mutate to spread between humans , what does this mean for avian flu ? Because of the virus subtype , it is less likely that avian flu would become transmissible from person to person , but still possible , said Dr. William Short at the division of infectious diseases at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The news is not cause for widespread panic , but people at risk -- those who live in or have traveled to the areas where patients live , or have been in contact with pigs -- should watch out for symptoms and get tested if they occur , Short said . The three criteria for a pandemic are a new virus to which everybody is susceptible , the ability to spread from person to person readily , and wide geographic spread , said Dr. Jay Steinberg , infectious disease specialist at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta , Georgia . The new strain of swine flu only meets one of these criteria : its novelty . On the other hand , bird flu meets two of the criteria : novelty and geographic spread . If history is any indication , flu pandemics tend to occur once every 20 years or so , meaning we 're actually due for one , he said . However , it is not likely to be the swine flu , he said . "  I can say with 100 percent confidence that a pandemic of a new flu strain will spread in humans , " Steinberg said . "  What I ca n't say is when it will occur . "	CDC : Five cases found in California , two found in Texas All seven patients have recovered Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble human influenza Vaccine against human flu is not expected to work against swine flu
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to New Hampshire , where diner patrons shared their thoughts on President Obama and the economy . The Tilt 'n Diner hosted all the major presidential candidates during the primaries in 2008 . TILTON , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Kate O'Leary voted for Barack Obama and began the year full of energy . But her hope is giving way these days to a sense that some things never change . "  I trust his motives , " she said of President Obama . "  I feel like he is an honorable guy , I am not sure if he can do it . That 's the problem . " Too much too soon is one of her worries . Too much politics as usual is another . Add in too much bailout money and Kate O'Leary is more sober now than she was when Obama took the oath of office . Across from O'Leary sat Debbie Lurvey , who took a job at the Tilt 'n Diner after losing her job in the mortgage business . "  It was a forced unemployment because of the economy , " Lurvey said . "  So , you know , I decided that it was best to move on to something a little more stable . " O'Leary and Lurvey are among those who think the economy is going to get worse before it gets better . But our third guest for our weekly diner conversation , Jim Wells , is n't so sure . "  I think most of it is psychological , " said Wells , a Republican who believes consumers need to be more confident . "  The secret out of a recession like this is to spend money . And you have got to spend your own , you ca n't expect somebody else to spend it for you . " He makes the distinction between consumer spending and what he sees as too much government spending . "  We are going to have to pay the bill in another two or three years and it is going to be scary when it happens , " Wells said . All three agreed one thing missing from Washington is a spirit of cooperation and compromise . Lurvey said the pain of losing her job and dealing with foreclosure have taught her there are some things the government ca n't do . "  It is a good time to get back to what this country was made on -- it 's the family , " she said . "  And you know I think for awhile we were all going crazy and overspending and living beyond our means and this has kind of been a reality check for most people . "	Diner patron Kate O'Leary likes Obama , but doubts how much change he can bring Republican Jim Wells believes consumers need to be more confident Three diners says Washington is missing a spirit of cooperation , compromise Living beyond means has been a "  reality check " for the country , Debbie Lurvey says
CNN  -- A friend said Monday that "  something happened " to the man police accused of killing four homeless people in California , after he came back from serving in the U.S. military in Iraq . "  He was a little bit more serious , it seemed like there was something on his mind , " Brian , who lived a few doors down from Itzcoatl Ocampo and asked to be identified only by his first name , told CNN . "  He seemed really depressed and down , and things in his life were n't looking that well . " The 23-year-old Ocampo was arrested Friday night after he allegedly stabbed a transient to death in Orange County , Anaheim Police Sgt. Bob Dunn said Sunday . The suspect has not been arraigned in relation to that or the three other killings , and police have not detailed evidence behind their accusation . His father , Refugio Ocampo , who lost his home in 2008 and now lives in the cab of a semi-trailer parked in Fullerton , California , said it was hard to believe his son could be involved in the killings . "  I saw him so many times giving the last money he had in his pocket ... to the homeless , to the people that  are  asking for some help . ... My son 's always been a role model , " Ocampo said in a video interview posted on the Orange County Register 's website . Ocampo , 50 , told the Register that his son , worried about his father 's safety , had recently pointed out an FBI warning about homeless men being killed in the area . Refugio Ocampo said his son was a Marine in Iraq , and returned a changed man . He started talking about things that "  did n't make any sense , " like the end of the world . U.S. military officials did n't immediately respond Monday to CNN requests for information about Itzcoatl Ocampo 's military service . "  They killed the person he was , " he told the Orange County Register . "  And that 's the only possibility I can think of that he would do something like that . " Brian , the neighbor , described Itzcoatl Ocampo as a "  fun , ... ordinary kid " when they grew up together in southern California , adding "  he was really looking forward to the service " after graduating from high school . "  When you were around him , you had fun , " the suspect 's high school classmate said . But like Ocampo 's father , Brian said he noticed some recent changes in the young man , including when the two met up a few times last summer . "  I knew he wanted to see  combat  action , and I knew he enjoyed it , " said Brian , noting he 'd lent his friend a self-help book . "  Then something happened , and I just do n't know what . " Brian added that he had a hard time reckoning that his friend possibly could be responsible for the killings . "  I would never have guessed this , " he said . Ocampo , 50 , told the Register that his son , worried about his father 's safety , had recently pointed out an FBI warning about homeless men being killed in the area . Refugio Ocampo said his son was a Marine in Iraq , and returned a changed man . He started talking about things that "  did n't make any sense , " like the end of the world . U.S. military officials did n't immediately respond Monday to CNN requests for information about Itzcoatl Ocampo 's military service . "  They killed the person he was , " he told the Orange County Register . "  And that 's the only possibility I can think of that he would do something like that . " Brian , the neighbor , described Itzcoatl Ocampo as a "  fun , ... ordinary kid " when they grew up together in southern California , adding "  he was really looking forward to the service " after graduating from high school . "  When you were around him , you had fun , " the suspect 's high school classmate said . But like Ocampo 's father , Brian said he noticed some recent changes in the young man , including when the two met up a few times last summer . "  I knew he wanted to see  combat  action , and I knew he enjoyed it , " said Brian , noting he 'd lent his friend a self-help book . "  Then something happened , and I just do n't know what . " Brian added that he had a hard time reckoning that his friend possibly could be responsible for the killings . "  I would never have guessed this , " he said . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	NEW : A friend says "  something happened " to Itzcoatl Ocampo after a military tour NEW : He says the once fun-loving man became preoccupied and "  depressed " The suspect 's father tells a paper that his son , himself , was homeless The son is accused of killing four homeless men in Southern California
CNN  -- The daughter of actor Billy Bob Thornton was found guilty of manslaughter in the death of an infant Wednesday , but a Florida jury acquitted her on murder and child-abuse charges , a court spokeswoman said . Amanda Brumfield , 32 , was accused in the October 2008 death of 1-year-old Olivia Madison Garcia , who she was babysitting when the child fell and suffered fatal injuries . Her trial ended Wednesday in Orlando , Florida , according to court spokesman Karen Connolly Levey . Thornton released a statement through his publicist a year ago when Brumfield was charged . The actor is estranged from his daughter "  and has had no contact with her for quite some time , " publicist Arnold Robinson said . "  When informed about this situation , he  Thornton  commented that , ` Anytime a baby 's life is lost is an unimaginable tragedy and my heart goes out to the baby 's family and loved ones , ' " Robinson told CNN in a written statement . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Amanda Brumfield was babysitting an infant who died after a fall She was acquitted of murder and child abuse Brumfield , 32 , is estranged from her actor father
CNN  -- Friends and family of Rodney King gathered in Los Angeles to bid final farewell to the man whose 1991 beating by the city 's police sparked riots after the acquittal of the four officers involved . King was found dead in his swimming pool at his Rialto , California , home almost two weeks ago . He was 47 . "  I 'm extremely proud . Still , today , I can be up here and be sad , but I could have lost you when I was 6 so I 'm thankful and I 'm grateful . I would n't have had my sister if he would have died . I 'm grateful for all of you for coming to show your support , " King 's daughter , Dene , said during the service . Rodney King looks back without anger A spray of flowers perched atop King 's black casket , which was set next to a smiling photograph of him . Music played over a slideshow of family photographs . Rialto police received a 911 call from King 's fiancee , Cynthia Kelly , about 5:25 a.m. on June 17 , according to Capt. Randy De Anda . Responding officers found King at the bottom of the pool , removed him and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation until paramedics arrived . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital , police said . A preliminary autopsy report will not be released , coroner spokeswoman Jody Miller said . The coroner will wait until a full report based on the toxicology exam findings is available in six to eight weeks , Miller said . There were no preliminary signs of foul play and no obvious injuries on King 's body , De Anda said . Police are conducting a drowning investigation . King 's beating after a high-speed car chase and its aftermath forever changed Los Angeles , its police department and the dialogue on race in America . The video that captured the beating shows King cowering on the ground and attempting to crawl away as he is surrounded by a crowd of police officers . Four of them used their nightsticks to strike him . King was beaten nearly to death . Three surgeons operated on him for five hours . The video appeared on national television two days later , focusing attention on the issue of racially-motivated police brutality . Four LAPD officers -- Theodore Briseno , Laurence Powell , Timothy Wind and Sgt. Stacey Koon -- were indicted on charges of assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force by a police officer . But following a three-month trial in the predominantly white Los Angeles suburb of Simi Valley , three of the officers were acquitted of all charges . The jury , which had no black members , deadlocked on one charge of excessive force against Powell , and a mistrial was declared on that charge . African-Americans in Los Angeles exploded in outrage . Rioters ran through the streets -- looting businesses , torching buildings and attacking those who were in the wrong place at the wrong time . The violence led to more than 50 deaths and $ 1 billion in property damage . On the third day of rioting , King emerged from seclusion to make a plea : "  People , I just want to say , can we all get along ? Can we get along ? " Opinion : Can we all get along ? Nearly a year later , the four officers stood trial in federal court on civil rights charges . Two African-Americans were picked for the jury , and King testified . Koon and Powell were found guilty and sentenced to 30 months in prison . Briseno and Wind were acquitted . King also sued the city of Los Angeles , and was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . In later years , King had several more run-ins with the law , including a 90-day jail stint in 1996 for a hit-and-run involving his wife at the time . On the 20th anniversary of the beating in 2011 , he was pulled over and ticketed for a minor traffic violation . King said last year on the anniversary that he has forgiven the officers who beat him . "  Yes , I 've forgiven them , because I 've been forgiven many times , " he said . "  My country 's been good to me ... This country is my house , it 's the only home I know , so I have to be able to forgive -- for the future , for the younger generation coming behind me so ... they can understand it and if a situation like that happened again , they could deal with it a lot easier . " Overheard on CNN.com : Rodney King ` had demons . But called them his own ' Timeline : Rodney King from 1991 -- 2012	His daughter says she is proud of her father and grateful to have had him as long as she did Rodney King 's beating by Los Angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera Riots broke out after the officers involved were acquitted King 's funeral comes nearly two weeks after he was found dead in his swimming pool
CNN  -- World champion Thor Hushovd continued his superb Tour de France by powering to victory in Friday 's 152.5 km 13th stage of the race from Pau to Lourdes . Norwegian Hushovd , who wore the leader 's yellow jersey for seven days earlier in the race , was one of 10 riders who broke clear of the peloton after 57km , as the overall leaders kept their powder dry ahead of Saturday 's tough stage in the mountains . Frenchman Jeremy Roy , who made a brave bid to win Thursday 's stage before being caught on the final climb up to Luz-Ardiden , was also in the breakaway group , and he tried the same tactic again when he made another bold bid for success on the day 's big climb -- the Col d'Aubsique . However , unlike Thursday uphill finish , Friday 's major climb came 42km from the end of the stage , with a long downhill descent before a flat finish into Lourdes . And Hushovd used all his strength to catch the unfortunate Roy with just 2km remaining to win by 10 seconds , with David Moncoutie also catching and passing exhausted compatriot Roy , who was 26 seconds back in third place . The rest of the breakaway group finished in dribs and drabs ahead of the main pack , who came home over seven-and-a-half minutes behind , with all the leading contenders finishing together . There was no change in the overall classification , with Frenchman Thomas Voeckler remaining 1:49 ahead of Frank Schleck , with Cadel Evans 2:06 down in third position . Defending champion Alberto Contador , who lost a few seconds on the leaders on Thursday , remains seventh -- exactly four minutes behind Voeckler -- while the only change in the top 10 saw Belgian Philippe Gilbert , who led the race after the first stage , move up to ninth overall after attacking the peloton on the descent to the line to gain 50 seconds . The victory maintains Hushovd 's remarkable Tour record . He has now won nine individual stages , including at least one victory in the last six Tours , as well as taking the green points jersey in 2005 and 2009 . He is also the first rider to win a stage of the Tour de France whilst wearing the famous rainbow bands of the world champion 's jersey , since Spain 's Oscar Freire in 2002 . "  I find it hard to believe where that display came from , but I 'm happy . To win solo like that wearing the rainbow jersey is something else , " Hushovd told reporters . A disconsolate Roy , who did collect the climber 's polka dot jersey as a consolation after once again going close to claiming his first-ever stage victory , said : "  It 's too hard to take . I think I will have a lot of trouble digesting this . " Meanwhile , the stage saw three more riders abandon the race , with the highest profile being Radioshack 's Andreas Kloden , twice runner-up in the race , who quit following a successions of crashes throughout the last two weeks . Saturday 's 168.5 km 14th stage from Saint-Gaudens to Plateau de Beille is likely to be a key day in the destination of this year 's race , with the field tackling six major climbs before the 15.8 km ascent to the finish .	Norway 's Thor Hushovd claims victory in the 13th stage of the Tour de France Hushovd is the first world champion to win a stage since Oscar Freire in 2002 There is no change in the overall classification with Thomas Voeckler in yellow
CNN  -- To wander the Farnborough airfield during trade show week is to be dwarfed by the big beasts of global aviation , from the epic Dreamliners to the needle-sharp fighter jets , and all for sale . But with even the cheapest models costing many millions of dollars , is there any prospect that owning an aircraft could follow computers and cars in becoming affordable to the masses ? The figures indicate otherwise . Private jet sales slowed to a crawl following the global recession , falling 3.4 % to 682 in 2012 in the U.S. and rising just 0.9 % the following year . Even this minor growth has been concentrated at the top end of the market , with sales contracting toward the lower end . Bombardier airline President Eric Martel was candid about the prospect of an upturn , saying Monday : "  It 's no secret the light segment has been difficult over the last couple of years . " An enthusiast could still fulfill their dream through a fixed kit plane , or a discontinued antique . But looking ahead , their best bet might be the emerging field of the car-plane hybrid . This week at the Farnborough International Airshow , Parajet is showcasing the SkyRunner to potential aviation distributors with a price tag of $ 80,000 . The design combines an all-terrain vehicle with a light sport aircraft capable of soaring 15,000 feet at a speed of 55mph , with a flying time of three hours . Powered by an innovative low-carbon petrol engine , the hybrid is presented as "  the next generation of recreational aircraft ... designed primarily to make aviation easily accessible and fun . " The vehicle has undergone testing over five years , including a voyage from London to Timbuktu flown by inventor Gilo Cardozo . It builds on the motor design of the company 's signature product , a propeller-powered jetpack already established on the market . Parajet manager Tom Prideaux-Brune believes the new concept is ready and is now being fine tuned for specific markets . "  We have built it and proved it works so now we can take it forward to manufacturing . We can launch when we have the distributors . " Classified as a light aircraft , SkyRunner must overcome regulatory hurdles . "  It 's about planning and registering it , so that the authorities know who is operating it and has had sufficient training . The Civil Aviation Authority has been very positive . " Once a fantasy only seen in films like "  Back to the Future , " the ` caroplane ' has become an increasingly robust reality in recent years . The Terrafugia also made its air show debut recently and is set for sales next year . New competitors are also emerging . The existing market for private planes is "  not dynamic or growing " , says Charles Alcock , Editor-in-Chief of Aviation International News , suggesting there could be an opportunity for innovators to steal a march , as occurred before the crash . "  A decade earlier we saw new designs that made planes significantly more affordable ... very light jets more like sports cars with wings that bought prices down from $ 75 million to $ 1 million . It seemed they might take off before the recession . " Alcock highlights that the initial outlay can pale beside other costs such as training , licenses and parking . He adds that regulations could derail the hybrid models : "  You have to go a long way to convince the authorities . " So hardly a cloudless sky . But if the SkyRunner design is not yet cleared for take off , it provides an exciting and plausible glimpse of a future of aircraft ownership we can all aspire to .	Car-plane hybrid looks to make aviation affordable amidst private jet slump SkyRunner debuts at Farnborough this week with price tag of $ 80,000 Regulations to be resolved before caroplane really takes off
CNN  -- Kimberly Brewer 's most memorable Father 's Day was the one when she realized how much she would miss him . It was 2005 , less than two months after retired naval corpsman Wallace J. Keyser had died unexpectedly of complications from pneumonia . Her heart sank while she watched Father 's Day-themed commercials . She remembers walking through Barnes & Noble and seeing a World War II title that he would love and realizing there was no need to buy it . "  That is the most memorable Father 's Day ever , to realize the impact of loss and yet cherish the gifts given by that very same devastation , " said Brewer , who shared her story on CNN iReport . "  I missed him that Father 's Day and every day since , but count myself as oh so fortunate to have had such an amazing man in my life . " It 's easy to write off Father 's Day as yet another meaningless Hallmark holiday until you no longer have someone to send a card to . For those people , the day can be bittersweet , a reminder of the good times and all the times you 'll never again share . And for others , the day is an opportunity to celebrate all the ways dads make our lives better . Read more tributes to fathers from iReporters Brewer 's father inspired her to join the Air Force and push on to become a captain select . She shares his love of cars , Nissans in particular , and recently bought her dream car , a loaded Maxima . Yet , she could n't help but feel sad that she could n't share it with him . A child of the Depression who lived through the Korean and Vietnam Wars and Hurricane Isabel , he taught her a lesson or two in resilience . After he retired from the Navy , he went to college on the GI Bill and became the first person in his family to get a degree . Missing a dad on Father 's Day can evoke the ache of loss , but some rely on happy memories to get through the day . Carla Hurst-Chandler remembers when the family surprised her husband with the gift of a lifetime for Father 's Day . William Edward Chandler was smitten with an antique classic Guild Guitar that he 'd spotted at their local music store in Greencastle , Indiana . Carla made a deal with the proprietor to make small payments on the $ 1,000 guitar with her sons so it would be theirs in time for Father 's Day 1996 . When the son surpasses his father For weeks , she stopped in and paid installments for the guitar , along with and her sons , ages 7 , 8 and 9 , who pitched in part of their weekly allowances , Hurst-Chandler said in an iReport . Rod , the store owner , was in on the plot too , she said . When her husband stopped by to see his coveted guitar , Rod shook his head and told him it had been sold . "  That night was the hardest of all , when he came home and glumly remarked that it had sold , " she said . "  And the boys and I commiserated with him , knowing that it was sold all right ... to us . " When Father 's Day arrived , they were up early as he slept in . When he came down for breakfast , he walked into the kitchen and found the guitar case open to reveal his dream guitar . "  The look on his face , the double-take , the happiness , was priceless ! " she said . "  The boys and I lost Bill to leukemia in 2010 and spent many wonderful Father 's Days with him between these years . But this was his best Father 's Day surprise ever . " Paul Olmstead 's children imbue Father 's Day with new meaning for him . But he still wishes his father were around to enjoy his three sons . Duane D. Olmstead was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2001 and told he had six to 12 months to live , Paul Olmstead said in an iReport . He did n't want to try chemotherapy or radiation and decided to see what a raw , vegan diet would do for him . He ended up living for five more years , during which his relationship with his family changed dramatically , Paul Olmstead said . My Father 's Day wish : Curious children "  We always had a good relationship , but not super close where we shared intimate things or I would ask for his advice . That changed fairly quickly after his diagnosis , " he said . "  It softened him a bit . " Paul Olmstead said he also learned from the experience . It strengthened his faith and prompted some changes to his diet : less sugar and processed foods , more fruits , vegetables and whole grains , though his family is not vegan . From fat dad to ultra-fit father The importance of hard work and family has also taken on a new meaning , he said . "  My dad left a legacy to me , my three siblings and our families that we should value our work or whatever we are doing . Do n't just work hard ; do quality work . Be able to look at what you 've done and be proud of it because you know you gave it your best effort , " he said . "  He taught us also to always be there for each other . At the end of the day , you need to be able to count on family , and we were truly and still are very much a close family today . " For better or worse , sometimes it takes a near-death experience to remind us of life 's fragility . For Kathi Ross and her family , this Father 's Day will be a time to celebrate how her husband saved her son 's life . Her 6-year-old son , Lane , was pushing his bike into the garage in April when somehow , the family 's SUV lurched forward and pinned him underneath the front passenger tire . Beneath him was his bike wheel , which was folded over "  like a taco , " Ross said . "  I started immediately screaming and praying at the same time , " said the fifth-grade teacher from Catawba , South Carolina , who shared her story on CNN iReport . Luckily , her husband , a police officer , had come home early from work . Chuck Ross was upstairs changing when he heard his wife scream and immediately ran downstairs in his underwear and bulletproof vest . He jumped in the car and backed it off his son . Lane had lost consciousness , and his skin had taken on an ashy , purple tone by the time his father knelt and started performing CPR . Just when Ross thought it was over , her son started coughing up grassy-looking material . Her son would later tell her that he remembers being asleep when he heard someone telling him to breathe . "  I woke up , and it was my daddy , so I thought I better listen ! " he told his mother . An ambulance arrived and took him 30 minutes down the road to Charlotte , North Carolina , where he was treated for lacerations to his kidney and liver . Miraculously , he was out of the hospital a week later and playing baseball a few weeks after that . Bridging the intellectual divide with Dad He still has scars on his legs and belly , a small price to pay for a miracle , his mother said . Now , the bond between father and son is stronger than ever . Ross credits her husband 's police training with saving her son 's life . Had he still been a homebuilder , making much more money than he does now , he might not have known what to do . He joined the force after losing his job in the recession . "  A lot of the time ,  police  get a bad name , but you never hear about the good they do , " she said . "  Their training helps them help people on a daily basis , whether they 're in uniform or out of uniform . " Brewer speaks of her father in heroic terms , too . Like many veterans of his era , he seemed to harbor guilt for having survived Vietnam and Korea . She once asked him whether he was a hero , and he told her no , because "  only the cowards came home , " she said . Before his death , she made arrangements for his burial in Arlington , at the veterans cemetery , and made it to his hospital room in time to tell him that he 'd be in good company because "  there are no cowards in Arlington , as all America knows , " she said . This Father 's Day , she 'll call her mother and brothers and toast her father 's memory with a Bacardi and Coke , his favorite drink . Maybe she 'll remember when he walked her down the aisle at her wedding even though he could barely walk and pulled back her veil , kissed her cheek and told her to "  be good . " "  Many of us ... are out of daddies at our houses . That does n't make Father 's Day any less special ; in some ways , it means even more . I 'm so blessed to have the memories of the father I had , even if we do n't have him here anymore . " Share your Father 's Day memories in the comments section below ?	For those missing dads , holiday is a reminder of good times , times you 'll never again share For others , Father 's Day is an opportunity to celebrate all the ways dads make our lives better iReporter recalls Father 's Day when she surprised her husband with an antique guitar The Ross family of South Carolina is celebrating how Chuck Ross saved his son 's life
CNN  -- You may have noticed something different about your friends ' profile pictures as you scrolled through your Facebook feed this week . According to the social networking site , roughly 2.7 million users changed their profile image on Tuesday as the U.S. Supreme Court pondered the future of same-sex marriage in the United States . The Human Rights Campaign started urging people on Monday to change their Facebook profile pictures to a pink-on-red equal sign to show support for same-sex marriage , and soon the top 10 terms trending on Facebook were all related to the subject . To get a better idea of the potential amount of support for same-sex marriage on Facebook , researchers on the Facebook Data Science Team compiled information to find out how many U.S. users changed their profile photo . While the data is n't specific to users changing their profile photos to the several variations of the pink equal sign on top of a red background , variations of the Human Rights Campaign 's traditionally blue-and-yellow logo , the Facebook data show that roughly 2.7 million more users updated their profile photo on Tuesday compared with the previous Tuesday , leading the researchers to conclude the HRC appeal had a lot to do with the numbers . Same-sex marriage debate goes viral "  You always hope that these things will capture the imagination of those that see it , " Fred Saiz , vice president of communication for the HRC , told CNN Tuesday . "  I think what you ca n't predict and plan for how individuals with a bigger reach than your own are going to make your reach exponential in nature . " According to Facebook , users around 30 years of age changed their profile pictures the most , in response to the events surrounding the HRC campaign , about 3.5 % of 30-year-old Facebook users . Profile updates did not vary significantly based on gender . On average , according to Facebook , 2.3 % more self-reported female users changed their profile photos , compared with 2.1 % more self-reported males . Where you live also appears to play a role in whether you changed your profile photo this week . Opinion : Gay marriage has n't won  yet ... Facebook researchers mapped out the profile picture changes showing a fairly broad distribution throughout the country , but certain areas showed greater concentration of support than others . Many of the top 25 counties that showed the greatest support for HRC 's campaign were home to college towns , such as Washtenaw County , home of the University of Michigan and at 6.2 % the county with the largest increase in profile photo changes , as well as the home counties of the University of North Carolina , Duke University , Indiana University , the University of Colorado and the University of Texas . Major cities also showed large increases in profile photo changes : San Francisco , Los Angeles , Chicago , New York and Washington . The Family Research Council , an organization "  honoring God 's design for marriage and celebrating all who have joined together as man and wife , " also created its own shareable social graphic featuring a man and a woman holding hands . However , such campaigns have been overshadowed on Facebook by the efforts of groups on the other side of the issue . Eytan Bakshy , a researcher on the Facebook Data Science Team believes the data shows the movement has broad support . "  For a long time , when people stood up for a cause and were n't all physically standing shoulder to shoulder , the size of their impact was n't immediately apparent . But today , we can see the spread of an idea online in greater detail than ever before . That 's data well worth finding . " CNN 's Eric Weisbrod and Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Group appealed to Facebook users to change their profile pics this week Facebook data showed a 120 % bump in new profile pictures over the previous Tuesday Increases were greater in college towns , major cities
CNN  -- Police say 40 ball pythons were confiscated from a single motel room on Thursday in Brantford , Ontario , about 65 miles southwest of Toronto . The room was occupied at the time by four people -- two of them children . The incident comes just weeks after two young brothers were strangled to death by a large , exotic python as they slept at a friend 's house in Campbellton , New Brunswick . The Children 's Aid Society of Brant is investigating the welfare of those children , Brantford Police Sgt. Cheney Venn told CNN . Though it 's against the law to own a python in Brantford , no arrests have been made and no charges have been filed ; nor have any names have been released by authorities . The pythons ranged in size from 1 foot to 4 1/2 feet , and they were stored in several plastic storage bins . "  It appeared as though they were being kept for breeding purposes " Sgt. Venn told CNN . "  They  were not being suitably cared for and were in distress . " They were seized from the Bell City Motel by the county 's Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , according to executive director Robin Kuchma . She said in an e-mail they have since been sent "  off to a rescue where those who are experienced can care for them . " An exasperated employee who answered the phone at the Bell City Motel pleaded to be left alone before hanging up when reached by CNN Friday night . Venn says the couple and two children checked in a few days ago , after being evicted from their prior residence . He did not know whether the snakes played a role in their eviction . Venn said the Bell City Motel has a "  no pets " policy .	The snakes were in a single motel room in Brantford , Ontario Two of the four people occupying the room were children SPCA official : Pythons "  were not being suitably cared for and were in distress " No arrests have been made and no charges have been filed
Sara , 29 , has lived in Miami for five years , where she works as freelance writer and film maker . Her blog , All Purpose Dark , keeps tabs on the city 's nightlife and restaurants , and she is also the editor of the Miami edition of UrbanDaddy.com . Sara has lived in Miami for five years and says the city has a vibrant arts scene . CNN : What made you start blogging the city ? Sara : When I moved down here I realized there was so much more to the city than just the beach and the hotels . There were lots of extravagant condo-building parties at the time -- the type where you 'd go to the construction site , because the building was still in the planning stages , and they 'd throw this lavish catered party with open bar and feather dancers in an effort to get people to buy units . We were going to at least three of these events a week and I felt the need to document it . So my blog started out as kind of a nightlife , event-driven blog and eventually became a chronicle of my adventures in the city , focused now mostly on my eating adventures . CNN : What makes Miami so special to you ? Sara : I think Miami is a place of unbridled optimism . It 's also a place of great opportunity . There 's lots of room here for entrepreneurial spirit and it 's very much encouraged and appreciated . Just look at how much the city has changed in five years , in terms of the revival of Downtown and the Design District , and the thriving art scene . It 's a place that is still evolving identity-wise and I 'm excited to be a part of it . CNN : Is there anything you dislike about the city ? Sara : The seasonal aspect of the city can be frustrating -- the way it shuts down in the summer and then revs up in the winter . Also , the crowding in the winter , when all the seasonal residents come back and suddenly there are no parking spaces , the lines at the grocery store are horrendous and you realize you 're trying to live in a tourist Mecca and get your errands done when everyone around you is vacationing . Oh and the drivers -- possibly the worst driving etiquette in the country . CNN : Is Miami just about the sun and sand , or is there more to it ? Sara : There 's definitely more to this city than the tropical getaway . There 's a vibrant art scene , where each month the gallery district is alive with opening receptions and throngs of people interested in getting out and seeing the scene . There 's also the internationally renowned Art Basel art fair that comes to town every year putting Miami on the cultural map . Also , food-wise there 's lots of exciting things going on , from an incredibly diverse selection of Latin cuisine . Everything from Argentinean to Venezuelan food , to Haitian , to Caribbean -- there 's a ton of great ethnic food here . There 's also a growing high-end dining scene , where a lot of the national trends , like organic , locally sourced cooking , are happening on a very high level . CNN : Could you describe a typical Miamian 's weekend ? Sara : A typical weekend would probably entail going to dinner in the Design District on Friday night , going for a walk or a bike ride along the beach on Saturday morning , then lunch on Lincoln Road . Saturday night there are usually some great DJs in town , so it 's worth checking out the Downtown club scene , or if it 's Art Walk , the galleries in Wynwood . Sunday is spent perusing farmers markets , which are popping up in most neighborhoods , and lazily reading the paper over brunch . Sunday night is always bingo at the Standard hotel , a hipster hangout . CNN : Where do you shop ? Sara : I usually head to the Aventura Mall if I 'm looking to hit a bunch of stores in one fix . There 's Bloomingdales , Urban Outfitters and your typical mall stores , like Banana Republic , etc. . Collins Avenue in South Beach between 10th and 6th is good for Barney 's Co-op  where there 's always a sale  , Intermix and the Webster . CNN : If Miami was a person , what would she or he be like ? Sara : Attractive , laid back and stylish . Loves the beach and the sun but is also involved in a personal creative pursuit -- business , fashion , art or nightlife . ... . Do you agree with Sara ? Send us your comments in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Sara is a freelance writer and film maker who blogs about Miami 's nightlife She says Miami is a place of unbridled optimism and great opportunity The city has a vibrant arts scene and exciting international cuisine , says Sara
CNN  -- Looking for fine wine or a luxurious spa visit without a top-drawer price tag ? Visit one of these nine destinations where lavish experiences and affordability intersect . Whether it 's an off-season value , a cost-of-living advantage , a favorable exchange rate or simply a less-traveled locale , resourceful travelers looking for the finer things will find great bang for their buck in these spots . Argentina Known for its art , wine , food and fashion , those visiting Argentina can expect a rich cultural experience at a fraction of the cost of many European destinations . Travel specialist Vanessa Guibert Heitner of Limitless Argentina , based in Buenos Aires , says the vibrant capital city and wine-soaked Mendoza are must-see destinations for luxury travelers . Salta in the northwestern tip of the country should also not be overlooked . Heitner estimates a couple could have an exquisite , multicourse meal in Argentina for $ 60 , - not including wine or drinks . "  Dinner for two at a high-end restaurant is much more accessible than in the United States , " she says . Sydney , Australia Getting to Sydney , Australia will be the most expensive part about your vacation , but once you 're there , the prices are completely reasonable , says Arabella Bowen , editorial director of Fodor 's Travel . "  One of the great advantages is you get to stay at a major luxury grand hotel for a fraction of the price you would pay elsewhere , " Bowen says . In October , the Four Seasons in Sydney runs about $ 280 a night , while the same chain in New York City would cost about $ 1,000 , she says . Sydney offers a great mix of city life and outdoor experiences , including visiting the beaches . October is also the middle of spring in Sydney , so temperatures will hover around 72 degrees , Bowen says . "  There 's a great vibe to the place , " she says , "  and the quality of life is absolutely incredible . " Cambodia Steeped in cultural heritage dating back to the 8th century , the Ruins at Angkor are a huge draw for visitors . "  It 's an interesting collision of backpacker travel and luxury , " Bowen says . Cambodia is high-end in terms of hotel experiences , but extremely cheap in terms of getting around and eating good meals , she says . "  It 's hard to get there , but once you 're there , it 's so incredibly affordable , " Bowen says . Cambodia travel specialist Sandy Ferguson of Asia Desk , based in Duluth , Georgia , estimates an excellent meal could cost as little as $ 20 , before wine . Ferguson suggests staying in Siem Reap for its proximity to the ruins and selection of high-end hotels . Curacao Curacao , located in the far south of the Caribbean , has a Latino flavor and plenty of attractions , Bowen says . "  It 's an absolutely stunning place to walk around , " she says . There 's also great diving , excellent hiking , golfing and cool cultural nightlife . It 's off-season in the Caribbean , and through October , the four-star Hyatt Regency is running its grand opening rate of $ 149 a night . The hotel has its own golf course , a private beach and tennis courts . Bowen says the Dutch architecture around the island looks a lot like wedding cakes . Add that in with the South American influences , and you 've got a "  really interesting cultural mix , " she says . This extends to the food choices , which are extremely cosmopolitan . Berlin , Germany "  Berlin is a mercurial city , " Bowen says . Visitors can enjoy an incredible art scene , cutting-edge shopping , remarkable architecture and unlimited history . "  What 's more , Berlin remains more affordable than Paris , London and Rome , " Bowen says . In October , travelers will get shoulder-season prices . Bowen recommends the Lux 11 hotel for about 140 euros  about $ 182  per night or the Adlon Kempinski for 270 euros  $ 351  . Similar hotels in Paris would cost an additional 100 euros  $ 130  or more per night . Bowen says taking a scenic boat cruise on the Spree River can be a great way to start exploring in Berlin . Iceland For a beautiful outdoors experience married with vibrant nightlife , Iceland is a great choice for the budget-conscious traveler , Bowen says . Reykjavik , the capital of Iceland , has a cool vibe , Bowen says . "  It 's more about nightlife and restaurants than it is about cultural activities . " With its lunar-like landscapes and mysterious natural wonders , Iceland 's backdrop is a combination of Yellowstone National Park and Montreal , Bowen says . She recommends the Blue Lagoon natural spa and a tour of the unusual scenery . Bowen says autumn is shoulder season in Iceland , so rates are affordable . For example , about $ 650 will cover some package deals including round-trip airfare and three nights in a four-star hotel . India With countless resorts , relaxing yoga retreats and shopping galore , India is becoming well-known in luxury travel circles . "  India is a paradise for shoppers , " says India travel specialist Victor Biswas of International Ventures and Travel , based in New York City . He recommends visiting Jaipur , Mumbai or Delhi for great deals on fabrics and silks . For the best value , Biswas suggests traveling in the off-season -- - April through September - -- and focusing on the southern part of the country . "  The south of India has better deals all around , " he says . Biswas suggests visiting the southern city of Chennai , formerly known as Madras , for the best hotels and spas in the area . Indonesia Known for its many luxury options , Indonesia is a relaxation-seeker 's paradise . Recently spotlighted in author Elizabeth Gilbert 's best-seller , "  Eat Pray Love , " the country offers numerous first-class hotels , spas and dining options . "  Spa prices are very reasonable , even at luxury hotels , " says Indonesia travel specialist Diane Embree of Michael 's Travel Centre , based in Westlake Village , California . "  And , if you go to day spas , rather than hotel spas , the prices are extremely reasonable . " Dinner for two at a luxury hotel could cost you from $ 50 to $ 70 , and half that at a top local restaurant . Embree says that many of her clients stay in multiple hotels during a trip , just to experience the different kinds of luxury accommodations in Indonesia . "  Though spas , and to some degree , food , play a part , I think that the number one attraction for luxury clients is the accommodations , " Embree says . Oregon wine country It 's peak harvest season in Oregon wine country , but you 'll still pay less for hotels and other pleasures than you would in California 's Napa Valley , Bowen says . "  Oregon offers more flexibility and a lower price point , " Bowen says . "  You 'll pay $ 40 to $ 50 per bottle of Pinot Noir , but it 's worth it because you 're saving money on your hotel and everything else . " Plus , Oregon is n't as much of a tourist destination as Napa , so you wo n't likely see a big tour bus of people going around to vineyards , she says . Bowen recommends staying at the Allison Inn & Spa in Willamette Valley , the best-known wine region in the state . Rooms start at $ 295 a night . "  It starts with where you stay , " Bowen says . "  It 's really important since you 're going to be driving out from there every day . "	Favorable exchange rates and off-season values help travelers get the most for their money Visiting less-traveled destinations can often ensure lower prices and fewer people For great values , fall is the right time to visit places such as Curacao , Cambodia , Iceland
EW.com  -- When "  Breaking Bad " left off last summer , tenacious DEA agent Hank Schrader  Dean Norris  was hot on the trail -- and , er , toilet -- of meth maker Walter White  Bryan Cranston  . And when the revered drama returns with the second half of season 5  beginning Aug. 11 on AMC  , what should we brace for ? Among other things , maybe a bit of self-reflection from the cancer-stricken chemistry teacher who transformed himself into a lethal drug kingpin with the help of high school dropout/partner Jesse  Aaron Paul  . "  We often said in the writers ' room that if Walt had a superpower , it would be not his chemistry knowledge or his ability to cook crystal meth but his ability to lie , " series creator/executive producer Vince Gilligan tells EW . "  Walt has been the world 's greatest liar , and I think the person he lies most capably to is himself . So in these final eight episodes , perhaps the lies will cease to find traction and the scales will start to fall away from Walt 's eyes . And when that happens , will Walt really begin to realize who he is ? That 's a question that we asked ourselves a lot in the writers ' room this year . " Of course , Walt wo n't have too much time for navel-gazing , as he 'll need to keep his eyes on his brother-in-law Hank -- in addition to other adversaries . "  There will be antagonistic relationships aplenty , " promises Gilligan , adding : "  Walt 's got plenty of fight left in him . And he 's got plenty of forces to fight . You met some of them . Others you have n't . " Should viewers brace for a high body count ? "  As the movie title goes , there will be blood , " answers Gilligan . "  To my mind , that 's not the most interesting thing . It 's the emotional moments and the character moments . ... We 've got some stuff that I think is going to be truly satisfying and truly shocking and jarring . It does not always center on moments of violence . " And these moments will come flying at you at "  breakneck speed , " he warns : "  I have surprised myself at how much story there was left to tell and how quickly we tell it . You need to really settle down on the couch and pay close attention because it 's going to come at you fast and furious in the final eight episodes . " Gilligan is both cautious and upbeat when it comes to discussing that highly anticipated finale . "  We worked long and hard to ensure that these final eight -- and , in fact , the very last episode -- would satisfy an audience , " he says . "  I am guardedly optimistic that we have achieved just that . And furthermore , trying to be as coy as possible , trying to give away as little as possible , I feel like this ending represents on some level , however small , something of a victory for Walter White . Read into that what you will . And try to be as open-minded as possible when you watch this episode , because it may not indeed feel like a victory . Or maybe it will . ... I feel good about where it all ended up , and I ca n't wait for people to see it . " Asked for one last cryptic hint about the homestretch of episodes , Gilligan says : "  Sometimes you see meth labs in the darndest places . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It 's almost the end for "  Breaking Bad . " Creator says "  there will be blood " He believes the last episode will satisfy the audience
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The commander of a U.S. Navy submarine that collided with another Navy ship last month has been relieved of duty , according to a U.S. Navy statement issued Tuesday . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans are shown in Navy photos . U.S. Navy Cmdr. Ryan Brookhart was relieved by his superior officer , who cited a loss of confidence in his ability to command , according to the statement . While the investigation into the collision is still ongoing , Brookhart 's commander , Rear Adm. Michael J. Connor , decided there was enough evidence to remove him from his leadership position . Brookhart has been reassigned to administrative duty in Bahrain . Cmdr. Chris Harkins , deputy commander of Submarine Squadron Eight , based in Norfolk , Virginia , has taken over as commander of the USS Hartford , according to Navy officials . Brookhart was in command of the Hartford , a nuclear-powered submarine , when it collided with the USS New Orleans  LPD 18  on March 20 in the Strait of Hormuz . Fifteen sailors aboard the Hartford were slightly hurt in the incident , and both vessels suffered extensive damage , according to U.S. Navy officials . The submarine also punched a hole in the fuel tank of the New Orleans , causing thousands of gallons of fuel to pour from the ship . When the incident occurred , both vessels were headed to ports in the Persian Gulf to stock up on provisions and allow for some recreation , Navy officials said . There were about 200 sailors in the sub and 1,000 sailors and Marines aboard the ship . The Strait of Hormuz is between the United Arab Emirates and Iran , linking the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It is heavily used by oil tankers . Both vessels are on regularly scheduled deployments to the U.S. Navy Central Command area of responsibility and conduct Maritime Security Operations .	Superior officer cited a loss of confidence in removing the Navy commander U.S. Navy Cmdr. Ryan Brookhart reassigned to administrative duty in Bahrain Fifteen sailors were slightly hurt in the incident ; two vessels damaged
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Douglas led a dozen Hollywood A-listers in a video aimed at reminding President Barack Obama that he told the world four years ago of the need to eliminate all nuclear weapons . "  I demand zero , " said each star , including Oscar winners Douglas , Matt Damon , Morgan Freeman , Whoopi Goldberg , Christoph Waltz and Robert De Niro . The video script consists of lines straight from Obama 's landmark speech in the Czech Republic capital of Prague on April 5 , 2009 . "  Today , I state clearly and with conviction America 's commitment to seek the peace and security , " Obama is heard saying -- with Douglas and Naomi Watts both completing his sentence -- "  of a world without nuclear weapons . " CNN Poll : Obama approval falls amid controversies The celebrities -- also including Martin Sheen , Danny DeVito , Alec Baldwin , John Cusack and Zoe Kravitz -- tag-team to deliver Obama 's words : "  This matters to people everywhere ... Some argue that the spread of these weapons can not be stopped , can not be checked ... Such fatalism is a deadly adversary ... For if we believe that the spread of nuclear weapons is inevitable , then in some way we are admitting to ourselves that the use of nuclear weapons is inevitable . To denounce a call for cooperation is an easy but also a cowardly thing to do . That 's how wars begin . That 's where human progress ends . Make no mistake , when we fail to pursue peace then it stays forever beyond our grasp . It will take patience and persistence . But now we must ignore the voices who tell us that the world can not change . Human destiny will be what we make of it . Let us bridge our divisions , build upon our hopes , accept our responsibility to leave this world more prosperous and more peaceful than we found it . " North Korea proposes high-level talks with U.S. . The video concludes with Obama speaking : "  The world must stand together to prevent the spread of these weapons . " Global Zero -- a Washington-based group whose founders include Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel -- produced and released the two-minute video online just before Obama 's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the annual G8 summit in Northern Ireland that starts Monday . The United States and Russia hold 90 % of the world 's 17,000 nuclear weapons . There were 70,000 near the end of the Cold War in the mid-1980s . An open letter to Obama that accompanied the video calls for the president "  to negotiate further cuts to the massive U.S.-Russian Cold War stockpiles and pave the way to bringing world leaders into the first international negotiations in history for the elimination of all nuclear weapons . " Details on NSA-thwarted plots coming , lawmaker says GOP tries to keep focus on IRS targeting scandal	"  I demand zero , " each star says in video message to President Obama Video includes Michael Douglas , Whoopi Goldberg , Robert De Niro It is released before Obama 's meeting with Putin in Northern Ireland Celebrities deliver lines from Obama 's 2009 anti-nuclear weapons speech
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Friday defended his administration 's methods of interrogating terrorism suspects , insisting , "  This government does not torture people . " "  When we find somebody who may have information regarding a potential attack on America , you bet we 're going to detain them and you bet we 're going to question them , because the American people expect us to find out information , actionable intelligence , so we can help them -- help protect them , " Bush said . Bush said his administration sticks to "  U.S. law and our international obligations . " He said , "  The techniques that we use have been fully disclosed to appropriate members of the United States Congress . " Watch Bush defend the detainee interrogation program " Bush 's remarks followed a report Thursday in The New York Times that said a secret Justice Department memo in 2005 amounted to "  an expansive endorsement of the harshest interrogation techniques ever used by the Central Intelligence Agency . " The 2005 legal opinion was issued after then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales took over Justice , the Times reported , and authorized using a combination of techniques such as head slaps , freezing temperatures and simulated drownings , known as waterboarding . The Times said the memo was strongly opposed by then-departing Deputy Attorney General James Comey , who had repeatedly clashed with the Bush White House over terror-related policies . The Times said its investigation over three months had included interviews with more than two dozen current and former officials . On Thursday , White House Press Secretary Dana Perino confirmed the Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel wrote a previously undisclosed February 5 , 2005 memo , but she insisted the classified document did not undercut or reverse a 2004 memo that rejected torture . "  U.S. policy is not to torture -- and we do not , " Perino told reporters . "  Regardless of where we are , we do not torture anybody , but getting information from them is critically important to protecting this country . " Justice Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse issued a statement declaring the December 2004 anti-torture memo remains binding on the executive branch . "  Neither Attorney General -LSB- Alberto -RSB- Gonzales nor anyone else within the department modified or withdrew that opinion , " Roehrkasse said . CIA spokesman George Little issued a statement saying all interrogations are conducted "  in strict accord with U.S. law . " "  The agency 's terrorist detention and interrogation program has been conducted lawfully , with great care and close review , including extensive discussion within the executive branch and oversight from Congress , " Little said . On Capitol Hill , Democratic lawmakers sharply criticized the Bush administration . "  It appears that under Attorney General Gonzales , they reversed themselves and reinstated a secret regime by , in essence , reinterpreting the law in secret , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . "  I suspect that former Deputy Attorney General Comey will again prove to be right in his prediction that the Department of Justice will be ashamed when we learn more about all that they have done , " Leahy said . Leahy , who heads the Senate Judiciary Committee , warned that the "  ongoing scandals " at the Justice Department "  now encumber " the nomination of retired federal judge Michael Mukasey , selected to replace Gonzales as attorney general . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Terry Freiden contributed to this report .	President Bush defends methods used to interrogate terror suspects Says questioning of detainees necessary to obtain intelligence to protect nation Secret memo allowed methods like simulated drowning , N.Y. Times reports
CNN  The children of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. will be in an Atlanta court Tuesday in the latest chapter of an ugly legal fight pitting the two brothers against their sister . At issue : control over two precious items that belonged to their father , his Bible and his Nobel Peace Prize . Bernice King contends her brothers aim to sell them , something she robustly opposes . Dexter King and Martin Luther King III succeeded last year in getting Bernice King to hand over the relics . Since then , they 've been in a safe deposit box and , in a sign of how contentious the fight has been , only a judge has a key . Fulton County Superior Court Judge Robert McBurney could soon decide which side will ultimately control the items . The Bible , which King took on the road with him , was used to swear in President Barack Obama for his second term . The Peace Prize King received in 1964 was for his "  nonviolent campaign against racism . " King 's acceptance of that prize is the opening scene in the critically acclaimed civil rights film "  Selma . " That image : of a civil rights icon being recognized for his work stands sharply at odds with the public fight between the siblings . Something Bernice King herself has noted , calling it "  an embarrassing chapter in our family 's history . " Before the case ended up in a courtroom , the siblings held a vote to determine if they should sell the items . The three make up the board of the King Estate . The brothers say that the future of the estate would be threatened if a sale could not be made . They both voted to sell , Bernice voted against . No prospective buyers or dollar amount have been publicly disclosed . In 2006 the estate put King 's papers on the auction block . But before the planned sale at Sotheby 's could go forward a group of anonymous buyers stepped in . The group paid an "  undisclosed amount " for the 10,000 manuscripts and books , including drafts of his "  I Have a Dream " speech . The collection , which had been expected to go for as much as $ 30 million , is now housed at Morehouse College in Atlanta . Two years later Bernice and Martin filed suit against Dexter . They accused him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use . The case was later settled .	Dexter King , Martin Luther King III want to sell MLK 's Bible and Nobel Peace Prize Sister Bernice opposes selling the items
CNN  -- Fabrice Muamba , the Bolton Wanderers midfielder who suffered a near-fatal cardiac arrest on the pitch last month , has left hospital . The 24-year-old , who collapsed during a fifth round FA Cup tie against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on March 17 , was discharged from The London Chest Hospital on Monday . "  I am naturally very pleased to be discharged from hospital and would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to every single member of staff at The London Chest Hospital who have played a part in my care , " Muamba said in a statement . "  Their dedication , professionalism and expertise is simply amazing and I will forever be in their debt . I also wish to say thank you to all the many well-wishers who have sent thousands of messages of support , " he added . "  Now I am out of hospital , I am looking forward to continuing my recovery and spending precious time with my family . " Muamba 's heart stopped for 78 minutes with medics at White Hart Lane and then later at the London Chest Hospital battling to keep him alive . His discharge , less than a month after his collapse , continues what has been a remarkable recovery . Bill McKenna , Professor of Cardiology at The Heart Hospital in London told CNN 's World Sport : "  Clearly it was a difficult and prolonged resuscitation and you would have feared the worst . "  It 's great , clearly , that he 's walking , talking , moving and ready to be discharged in a very short time period . " Bolton Wanderers manager , Owen Coyle said it was "  fantastic news " before adding his thanks to all the staff at the hospital . "  It 's important that Fabrice and his family are now given time and space to be together , and we would ask the media to continue to respect their privacy , " Coyle said in a statement .	Fabrice Muamba discharged from hospital less than a month after near-fatal collapse The 24-year-old pays tribute to The London Chest Hospital staff "  Their dedication , professionalism and expertise is simply amazing , " Muamba said Bolton Wanderers midfielder collapsed during FA Cup tie against Tottenham Hostpur
When you 're a patient , you trust you 're in good hands , but even the best doctor or nurse can make a mistake on you or someone you love . "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country that we 're just not catching , " says Dr. Albert Wu , an internist at Johns Hopkins Hospital . Medical errors kill more than a quarter million people every year in the United States and injure millions . Add them all up and "  you have probably the third leading cause of death " in the country , says Dr. Peter Pronovost , an anesthesiologist and critical care physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital . The harm is often avoidable , and there are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right . Here 's a list of 10 shocking medical mistakes and ways to not become a victim : 1 . Mistake : Treating the wrong patient  Cause : Hospital staff fails to verify a patient 's identity .  Consequences : Patients with similar names are confused .  Prevention : Before every procedure in the hospital , make sure the staff checks your entire name , date of birth and barcode on your wrist band .  Example case : Kerry Higuera 2 . Mistake : Surgical souvenirs  Cause : Surgical staff miscounts  or fails to count  equipment used inside a patient during an operation .  Consequences : Tools get left inside the body .  Prevention : If you have unexpected pain , fever or swelling after surgery , ask if you might have a surgical instrument inside you .  Example case : Nelson Bailey 3 . Mistake : Lost patients  Cause : Patients with dementia are sometimes prone to wandering .  Consequences : Patients may become trapped while wandering and die from hypothermia or dehydration .  Prevention : If your loved one sometimes wanders , consider a GPS tracking bracelet .  Example case : Mary Cole 4 . Mistake : Fake doctors  Cause : Con artists pretend to be doctors .  Consequences : Medical treatments backfire . Instead of getting better , patients get sicker .  Prevention : Confirm online that your physician is licensed .  Example case : Sarafina Gerling 5 . Mistake : The ER waiting game  Cause : Emergency rooms get backed up when overcrowded hospitals do n't have enough beds .  Consequences : Patients get sicker while waiting for care .  Prevention : Doctors listen to other doctors , so on your way to the hospital call your physician and ask them to call the emergency room .  Example case : Malyia Jeffers 6 . Mistake : Air bubbles in blood  Cause : The hole in a patient 's chest is n't sealed airtight after a chest tube is removed .  Consequences : Air bubbles get sucked into the wound and cut off blood supply to the patient 's lungs , heart , kidneys and brain . Left uncorrected the patient dies .  Prevention : If you have a central line tube in you , ask how you should be positioned when the line comes out .  Example case : Blake Fought7 . Mistake : Operating on the wrong body part  Cause : A patient 's chart is incorrect , or a surgeon misreads it , or surgical draping obscures marks that denote the correct side of the operation .  Consequences : The surgeon cuts into the wrong side of a patient 's body .  Prevention : Just before surgery , make sure you reaffirm with the nurse and the surgeon the correct body part and side of your operation .  Example case : Jesse Matlock8 . Mistake : Infection infestation  Cause : Doctors and nurses do n't wash their hands .  Consequences : Patients can die from infections spread by hospital workers .  Prevention : It may be uncomfortable to ask , but make sure doctors and nurses wash their hands before they touch you , even if they 're wearing gloves .  Example case : Josh Nahum 9 . Mistake : Lookalike tubes  Cause : A chest tube and a feeding tube can look a lot alike .  Consequences : Medicine meant for the stomach goes into the chest .  Prevention : When you have tubes in you , ask the staff to trace every tube back to the point of origin so the right medicine goes to the right place .  Example case : Alicia Coleman 10 . Mistake : Waking up during surgery  Cause : An under-dose of anesthesia .  Consequences : The brain stays awake while the muscles stay frozen . Most patients are n't in any pain but some feel every poke , prod and cut .  Prevention : When you schedule surgery , ask your surgeon if you need to be put asleep or if a local anesthetic might work just as well .  Example case : Erin Cook Do you have a personal story to tell about a medical mistake ? Share it in the comments section below .	Expert : Medical errors kill more than 250,000 people in the United States yearly "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country , " says top doctor There are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right
CNN  -- These days , some of the best running trails can be found in the world 's busiest places . Which is great news for time-crunched business travelers who want to keep up with their fitness routines while seeing a bit of the city they 're visiting . Here are some of the world 's best urban running trails that allow you to experience both nature and architecture . The High Line  New York This much-hyped 2.3-kilometer-long linear park sits on a disused section of the New York Central Railroad and connects Gansevoort Street in the Meatpacking District with 34th Street . "  I love running the High Line for many reasons , " says Katie Shea , a member of the New York Road Runners . "  It 's an amazing green space high above street level , so you 're not only getting the chance to be out in nature , but you 're taking in views of the Hudson River and the Empire State Building , along with other skyscrapers . "  There are several art installations , so it 's like running through an outdoor museum . " Starting point : Gansevoort Street Riverside  Shanghai The seven-kilometer Xuhui Riverside is a shiny strip of tarmac alongside the Huangpu River that has a designated lane for runners . The route starts from the Xuhui Riverside Public Open Space , near the Chuanchang Lu metro station , and finishes near Expo Zone C. Highlights include the luxurious turreted apartment blocks near Huangpu and , on the final stretch , views of the arched Lupu Bridge . Starting point : Xuhui Riverside Public Open Space , Longteng Avenue Mont-Royal  Montreal Montreal 's 200-hectare Mont-Royal park is crisscrossed with a network of running trails . The Golden Square Mile area is the greenest section . More advanced runners head to Avenue des Pins and follow the signs for Belvedere and Chalet . This trail leads up the mountain , but the views from the top -- Montreal 's highest point -- make the effort worthwhile . "  Mont-Royal is centrally located , making it easily accessible , " says Paul Gantous , president of the Boreal Runners Club . "  The unpaved roads are easy on the joints , although the slope at times can be challenging when you 're making your way up to the top of Mont-Royal . " Starting point : 1260 Remembrance Road Hong Kong Trail  Hong Kong The Hong Kong Trail has a total length of 50 kilometers but can be easily broken down into shorter stretches . "  Starting from the Peak , the first half is a gradual descent through dense tropical woodland , crossing occasional streams and offering brief glimpses of the city below , " explains Peter Hopper , a member of Hong Kong 's Italia Running Club . "  The second half includes steep exposed climbs over some of the island 's highest peaks , with 360-degree views . The finish in Big Wave Bay is the perfect place to relax . " Those looking for something light can start with the easygoing Section # 1 -- a seven-kilometer stretch that begins at the Peak and finishes at the Pokfulam Reservoir . Starting point : Victoria Peak Trinity Skyline Trail  Dallas With stunning views over downtown Dallas , the 7.4-kilometer Trinity Skyline Trail starts at the Joppa Preserve 's Lemmon Lake in the city 's outskirts and finishes at the Trinity River Audubon Center downtown . "  What makes this such a great trail is that it 's so conveniently located near the hustle of the downtown area , yet it still gives you that nature feel , " says Alex Delacruz from the Dallas Running Club . "  The beauty of the trail makes you forget that you 're in one of the largest metropolitan cities in the United States , until you pause at the end of your run and see the sunset reflecting off the classic Dallas skyline . " Starting point : Great Trinity Forest Way , Joppa Preserve Tennessee Riverwalk  Chattanooga , Tennessee The 20-kilometer Tennessee Riverwalk is a linear park that starts at Ross 's Landing in Chattanooga and finishes in the city center . "  I like that I can run 10 kilometers in one direction , then turn around and run 10 back , and the scenery changes constantly , " says Courtney Bird , founder of Run Chattanooga . "  Not just when I change locations along the Riverwalk , but throughout the day as the sun comes out and it warms up . "  There 's really nothing like watching the sunrise over the Hunter Museum or watching the city wake up from the Walnut Street Bridge viewpoint . " Starting point : Riverfront Parkway New Orleans jogging tour  New Orleans Running can be a great way to discover a city but if you do n't want to go it alone , New Orleans offers organized running tours . Runs depart from the Old U.S. Mint building in the French Quarter and finish near the Garden District along the St. Charles Avenue streetcar tracks . The 90-minute tours start at 6 a.m. and 9 a.m. , Monday through Saturday , and the route is 10 kilometers . There are several rest stops at some of the city 's more famous buildings , such as the Old Ursuline Convent and the National WWII Museum . Neworleansjoggingtours.com has more information . Starting point : 400 Esplanade Ave. The Bay Run  Sydney "  Sydney is a place with hundreds of running trails , from runs along the city 's harbor to longer challenging bush trails in the chains of bush land that dots Sydney suburbs and outskirts , " says Joe Degabriele , president of the Sydney Striders Running Club . Among these is the Bay Run , a trail in Sydney 's western suburbs that loops around the lovely Iron Cove . In the past year it 's been widened to allow more room for both cyclists and runners . "  It 's a beautiful setting with flat separated footpaths over a seven-kilometer circuit , " says Degabriele . Starting point : King George Park Thames Path  London The 289-kilometer Thames Path stretches from the Thames Flood Barrier at Woolwich in South East London to Kemble in Gloucestershire , but unless you 're a superhuman , running the entire length in one go is n't really an option . We recommend tackling the 13-kilometer section winding from Richmond , on the outskirts of London , to Hammersmith in the city center . You can expect stunning views of the city , lots of wildlife and plenty of opportunities for an energy-boosting ice cream cone . Starting point : Richmond Riverside , Richmond Yoyogi Park  Tokyo Though temporarily closed , this 133-acre park , one of Tokyo 's biggest , is usually open 24 hours a day in the heart of the city , making it a popular destination for post-work runs . Running paths inside the park are conveniently covered with distance markers so you can gauge your progress . The park is also popular with blind runners , thanks to volunteers who lead visually impaired runners . The trail provides a pleasant , compact circuit and the only off-limits area is the park 's Meiji Shrine . If you ca n't wait til you get back to the hotel there are showers at the nearby Wired Cafe Fit outside the park 's stadium . Starting point : 2-1 Yoyogi Kamizonocho , Shibuya . Meijijingumae and Harajuku are the nearest stations to the park . Check here for details about its reopening . Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel writer based in the UK .	It 's possible to stay on your running routine even while visiting a big city Running through NYC 's High Line is like running through an outdoor museum , says one city runner Tokyo 's Yoyogi Park is popular with blind runners thanks to volunteers who lead visually impaired runners
Mariposa , California  CNN  -- A campfire left untended sparked a blaze near Yosemite National Park that is threatening hundreds of homeowners , but firefighters are starting to get a handle on it . About 500 homes are under mandatory evacuation orders , including one that belongs to Mariposa County Supervisor Kevin Cann . "  My cats are with some friends and the dogs are with some other friends , " Cann told CNN affiliate KGPE . "  When you are evacuated , it makes you think , " he said . "  I 've been in that house 23 years and it makes you think about what 's really important ; what do you have to take , and , in the end , it 's not all that much . " The quickly spreading flames forced many , like Orlando Vigil , to flee in a hurry . He made it out safely , but had to drop the animals from his property at the Mariposa County Fairgrounds . They 're safe now , but he 's not so sure about his home . "  We 'll see if there 's anything when we get back , " Vigil said . Beating back the fire More than 2,000 firefighters are battling the blaze in the steep , rugged terrain west of Yosemite . Summer wildfires are nothing new in California . But this one is happening weeks earlier than normal , and comes as parts of the state experience "  exceptional " dryness that could fuel flames . "  We usually see this sort of fire behavior in August . This is June , " said Gary Wuchner , fire spokesman for Yosemite National Park . "  It 's making us nervous . " The Carstens Fire was first spotted Sunday afternoon , after embers from a campfire that had n't been totally put out spread into the surrounding forest . By Tuesday night , it had burned nearly 1,900 acres , of which 40 % was considered contained , according to CalFire . Some 2,200 fire personnel were working the scene , using 53 engines , 11 water tenders , seven bulldozers and other equipment . Some 800 structures are being threatened . Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe Tending to the evacuees The evacuations forced some residents into the Red Cross shelter at Mariposa Elementary School . Officials are there with food , medical help and other basics . "  We also have a mental health worker to help those that are overstressed emotionally from the ordeal of being uprooted from their home , " Cindy Thomas of the Red Cross told KGPE . Not everyone is heeding the calls to evacuate , however . Among them is Paul "  Bear " Vasquez . More than 37 million people have viewed his YouTube video showing him becoming overjoyed and then breaking down at the site of a vibrant double rainbow over a mountain in 2010 . Today , that mountain is singed by the Carstens Fire . But Vasquez says he 's staying on the property he bought in 1998 , hacking out of the wilderness a spot for the home where he 's raised his children . "  I am the protector of this land , " he said . "  I am part of this place . It has magical powers , and I ca n't leave . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez reported from Mariposa , California , and Ed Payne and Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta .	The fire has burned nearly 1,900 acres and is 40 % contained More than 2,200 fire personnel are fighting Carstens Fire The blaze is striking in and around Mariposa County near Yosemite National Park The blaze comes weeks before the normal start of wildfire season in California
CNN  -- At least 61 people died Thursday when a boat believed to be carrying illegal immigrants sank off the coast of Turkey , a semiofficial news agency reported . Prosecutors were investigating the incident in which 30 adults and 31 children , including three infants , died in the Aegean Sea off Turkey 's western Izmir province , the Anadolu Agency said , citing the provincial government . The boat was carrying Palestinians and Syrians who were described by officials as "  illegal migrants , " the news agency reported . Crews rescued 46 people . Two were taken to a local hospital , the news agency reported , while the rest went to a police station and given medical checks . News reports did not indicate where the boat originated or where it was headed . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 61 after disaster in Aegean Sea News agency says boat carried Palestinians and Syrians whom officials called illegal migrants 46 people rescued : Two went to a hospital , rest got checkups at a police station , agency says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer USS Cole and other ships to the eastern Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon , Pentagon officials said Thursday . A file image of the USS Cole , which the U.S. Navy moved to the Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon . The deployment comes amid a political standoff over Lebanon 's presidency , but the Navy would not say whether the events are linked . "  It 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our Navy do , the presence is important , " Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Thursday . "  It is n't meant to send any stronger signal than that , " he said . "  But it does signal that we 're engaged and we are going to be in the vicinity , and that 's a very important part of the world . " The Cole was badly damaged by an al Qaeda bombing during a port call in Yemen in 2000 , killing 17 sailors . It returned to service in 2002 . The destroyer and two support ships are close to Lebanon but out of visual range of the coast , Pentagon officials said . Another six vessels , led by the amphibious assault ship USS Nassau , are close to Italy and steaming toward the other three , the officials said . Mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming Lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week . But he said the vote was "  important , " and Washington was waiting for it to take place . And a Bush administration official told CNN the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringSyria that "  the U.S. is concerned about the situation in Lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . " "  We are sending a clear message for the need for stability , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak for publication . The ships "  should be there a while , " the official added . Lebanon 's pro-Western majority in parliament and the pro-Syrian opposition have battled for power over the last three years . The country has been without a president since November , when pro-Syrian leader Emile Lahoud 's term expired and parliament was unable to agree on a replacement . Despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief Gen. Michel Suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future Cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote . Parliament speaker Nabih Berri 's office announced Tuesday that the next planned session has been pushed back to March 11 . Berri 's office said the Arab League needed more time to break the deadlock . Lebanon has been wracked by a sometimes-violent power struggle since the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , whose supporters blamed Damascus for his killing . The resulting outcry eventually drove Syrian forces out of Lebanon , where they had been stationed since the 1970s . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	U.S. Navy makes move amid a political standoff over Lebanon 's presidency The presence is important , " says chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff Lebanon 's pro-Western majority in parliament struggles with pro-Syrian opposition
CNN  -- President Barack Obama left for Camp David on Marine One Friday but , in a twist that has left some White House reporters scratching their heads , he apparently arrived at the presidential retreat by car . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney explained the decision not to land at Camp David was made in advance because of the weather . Marine One landed at an alternate site near Frederick , Maryland and the president and his daughter , Sasha , rode in a motorcade the rest of way to the compound . Because it is customary practice that the traveling press pool is included whenever the president uses a motorcade , reporters naturally wondered why the pool was not part of the trip or even informed that the president would use a motorcade ahead of time . Meanwhile , CNN 's weather team found no signs of stormy weather in the area at the time Marine One departed the White House . The White House said there were no mechanical issues with the presidential helicopter . "  It was a bit of a surprise because he  Obama  usually does not land here . They usually go all the way to Camp David , " said Kristy Rossignuolo , a customer service representative at the Frederick Municipal Airport . Also Friday , a fighter under the direction of North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  intercepted an aircraft in the vicinity of Camp David . The civilian aircraft left the restricted area and landed at the Martinsburg Airport in West Virginia , NORAD said . No other details were immediately available on the incident , which was separate from the decision to divert Marine One . CNN 's Jessica Yellin and John Branch contributed to this report	NEW : In a separate incident , NORAD intercepts an aircraft in the vicinity of Camp David Obama left for Camp David on the presidential helicopter but apparently arrived by car Marine One was reportedly diverted because of bad weather CNN 's weather team found no signs of stormy weather in the area
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Perhaps no one better understands what the family of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is going through like the widow and children of Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer . "  I mean , my heart is totally with the congresswoman , " says daughter Sara Taseer . What do an American lawmaker from Arizona and a Pakistani governor have in common ? Both outspoken elected officials were gunned down in broad daylight , within days of each other . Taseer died ; Giffords clings to life . Separated by half a world , they are united by similar crimes . Taseer was assassinated by his own security guard last week in Islamabad , Pakistan 's capital . He was coming out of a popular market when the guard , Mumtaz Qadri , opened fire and shot him 27 times . Governor 's accused killer makes unscheduled court appearance Taseer had been an outspoken critic of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws , which make it a crime to insult Islam or the Prophet Mohammad . He argued that in a country that 's 98 % Muslim , these laws are used to discriminate against minorites . That 's dangerous talk in a nation increasingly swayed by a more conservative brand of Islam , and several clerics targeted Taseer as a blasphemer himself . Qadri confessed in court Monday that he killed Taseer because of his support to change the blasphemy laws . And that , Taseer 's family says , is where his shooting diverges from Giffords ' . Sara Taseer says , "  The difference is in Pakistan , this is not a message just to my father or my family . This is a message to all liberal and progressive people to keep quiet , and scare and intimidate them . " She says Giffords ' shooting was an isolated incident , which has no chance of gaining popular support in the United States . "  The impact is different . And the fear among the people . I 'm sure in Arizona the general public is not feeling threatened , or not fearing that they can voice their views or openly condemn it . We are in a totally different situation . People who support us can lose their own lives . " Shooting rampage suspect to make first court appearance Another difference : even Giffords ' political opponents publicly and forcefully condemned the man who shot her . The Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner went on TV to say , "  An attack on one who serves is an attack on all who serve . " But in Pakistan , even Taseer 's supporters have been mostly silent : perhaps calling his loss a tragedy , but stopping short of criticizing the man who killed him . "  It 's because they fear for their lives , " says Taseer 's son Shehryar . "  There 's also been a warning issued -LSB- by clerics -RSB- against anyone who has any further vigils , and anyone who takes up the case of the governor and his family , their offices will be burned and their person killed . " Shehryar says that was the real tragedy of his father 's shooting : it 's forcing liberals to stay quiet and hide . "  I think they 'll be hunted . Without a doubt in my mind I believe that . " Taseer 's shooter has been hailed as a hero by many conservative Muslims in Pakistan . He has been cheered , and showered with rose petals on his way into court . "  That 's ... it makes me sick . It makes me sick to my stomach , " says Taseer 's youngest daughter Shehrbano . "  Some people genuinely believe this was ` the right thing ' to have been done . That 's the most scary and upsetting aspect of it . It 's disgusting . " Shehrbano graduated from college in Massachusetts , and now works as a journalist in Pakistan . She reserves some of her strongest criticism for Pakistan 's legal system . "  There were over 200 lawyers who went and put garlands and rose petals around my father 's assassin 's neck . And these men are the so-called vanguards of justice . " Shehrbano has little to no faith that the Anti-Terrorism Court where Mumtaz Qadri is being tried will produce a fair result . "  They have a sorry record of convictions . The investigation teams , they do n't hand in enough evidence . The lawyers are scared . The judges are bribed . People are terrified of taking a stand . " Now his family is looking back at the life of Salmaan Taseer , a businessman and governor of one of the most-populated provinces in the world . His widow Amna says , "  When I started my marriage , he was arrested and put in a Lahore fort for four months . It was a very difficult period , but we made it through that . And it 's kind of ended in such a dramatic way also . But on top of it all I say one thing : that he was a great father and even better husband . " The family says privately , they 've received thousands of messages , letters and visits to console them . Shehrbano says a Christian woman approached her after the assassination . "  She told me ` Your father was all we had . ' " They 're also looking ahead , to what legacy Taseer leaves for the future . His daughter Shehrbano says , "  I hope his passing does n't mean that the room for debate is over . I believe there 's room in the public sphere for moderates , for liberals . I really hope that this does n't mean that debate in Pakistan is over . " His son Shehryar says he refuses to back down from the causes his father stood for . "  It 's not a Taseer trait . Taseers are fighters . He believed in Pakistan too much to ever back down . In fact his last tweet was ` Even if I 'm the last one standing , I 'd still support it . ' " And daughter Sara says , "  He had a liberal and progressive and secular vision . And he ... this country needed him . This country needed people like him . The region needed people like him . The world , I think , needs people like him . "	Taseer and Giffords were both gunned down Taseer died while Giffords clings to life Daughter says father 's killing was message to liberals to keep quiet
CNN  -- For the South Korean who picked up the second major title of her career to move up to second in the world rankings , it was a walk in the Park . Inbee Park led the field by three strokes heading into the final day of the Kraft Nabisco Championship , carding a three-under-par final round of 69 to finish 15-under for the tournament - four strokes ahead of compatriot Ryu So-Yeon . After taking the traditional plunge into Poppy 's pool at the Mission Hills Country Club , Park is setting her sights on usurping Stacy Lewis and becoming the world 's top-ranked female golfer . "  That 's the place that I 've always wanted and I only have one more spot to go , " the 24-year-old told the LPGA Tour 's official website after clinching 2013 's opening major . "  That brings a lot of momentum , keeps momentum going for me , especially after this week . I felt a lot of confidence with my swing and with my putting . Everything has been going the right way this season . It feels good . " American Lewis was full of praise for Park , hailing the 2008 U.S. Women 's Open winner as "  the best putter on Tour . " "  I 've seen Inbee do this before , " said Lewis , who finished 14 shots adrift of Park . "  When she rolls it , you just ca n't beat her . "  The course here is a little softer than normal , so I think that 's to her advantage . She does n't hit it as high as some other people , but when she 's rolling it , you are not going to beat her . " The 2011 U.S. Women 's Open winner and Park 's compatriot Ryu So-Yeon  65  was second on the leaderboard on 11 under , ahead of Sweden 's Caroline Hedwall  68  and 2007 LPGA Championship winner Suzann Pettersen  69  . Haeji Kang  68  , also of South Korea , and seven-time champion Karrie Webb  72  were tied for fifth . Fifteen-year-old New Zealander Lydia Ko was the highest-placed amateur , finishing tied for 25th . Former world No. 1 Yani Tseng finished two over for the tournament , in a four-way tie for 48th place .	Inbee Park moves to No. 2 in the world rankings with win at Kraft Nabisco Championship The win at Mission Hill CC the second major triumph of Park 's career World No. 1 Stacy Lewis finished 14 shots behind Park Park 's fellow South Korean Ryu So-Yeon was second on the leaderboard
A U.S. Air Force pilot was killed when the F-16 Fighting Falcon he was flying crashed in an noncombat incident in Jordan , officials said . The crash happened at about 11 p.m. ET Sunday , U.S. Central Command said in a statement Monday . The jet was returning to its base shortly after takeoff , the statement said . It did not give a location , other than to say the crash was not in Syria or Iraq . A U.S. official told CNN the crash happened in Jordan . Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said the plane suffered maintenance problems after takeoff and then crashed as it attempted to return . Although it was a noncombat incident , the jet was headed to a combat mission , Warren said . Per military policy , the pilot 's name was not immediately released . The crash remains under investigation . Air Force pilot 's remains found in Gulf of Mexico after F-16 crash	A U.S. Air Force pilot was killed in the crash The pilot 's name has not been released The jet suffered a maintenance problem , the Pentagon says
Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina is known as a humble man , a capable administrator and -- as expected of a new pope -- a man of great faith . Those and other qualities will be put to the test as he embarks on his most historic role yet . Cardinal Bergoglio elected pope On Wednesday , cardinals elected Bergoglio to be the first non-European pope in the modern era . He is the first pontiff from South America , and the first Jesuit to be elected head of the Roman Catholic Church . "  The new pope is a very humble man , " said the Rev. Eduardo Mangiarotti , an Argentine priest . "  He takes public transport every day . He is a strongly devoted man to the poorest and suffering people in his dioceses . He is a passionate preacher and a man of prayer . " At the same time , Mangiarotti described Bergoglio , who will be called Pope Francis in honor of St. Francis of Assisi , as a man of action , and someone who can command attention . 5 things to know about Pope Francis "  When he preaches , he 's a man who can make the people listen to him . And not only Catholic people , I mean not only the people who belong to the church , but he 's also very known nationwide . The people in our country really know him and also look up to him -- the way he addresses issues regarding social justice , education , our own identify as a nation , " Mangiarotti said . In his first public act , the new pope broke with tradition by asking the estimated 150,000 people packed into St. Peter 's Square to pray for him , rather than bless the crowd first . "  He is a very simple man , " said Luis R. Zarama , auxiliary bishop of Atlanta . "  It 's very clear from the way he approached the people and asked them to bless him and pray for him . It 's a beautiful sign of closeness and humility . " A voice for the poor Francis , 76 , was born in Buenos Aires on December 17 , 1936 . The son of an Italian immigrant , he trained as a chemist before deciding to become a priest . He was ordained by the Jesuits in 1969 and became co-archbishop of Buenos Aires in 1997 , sole archbishop of that city one year later . He was made a cardinal in 2001 and served as president of the Argentine bishops conference from 2005-11 . As cardinal , Francis clashed with the government of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner over his opposition to gay marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . Pope 's name choice ` precedent shattering ' He was runner-up in the 2005 papal conclave , behind then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , according to a profile by CNN Vatican analyst John Allen published by the National Catholic Reporter . The new pope brings together the first and the developing worlds , Allen writes . Besides his Italian roots , Francis studied theology in Germany . His career coincided with the so-called Dirty War in Argentina , which lasted from 1976 until 1983 . It is estimated that as many as 30,000 people were killed or disappeared during the country 's military dictatorship . The church was seen by some as having not have done enough that period . In particular , Francis was accused in a complaint filed three days before the 2005 conclave of complicity in the 1976 kidnapping of two liberal Jesuit priests , Allen writes . Francis reportedly denied the charge . He is known for his simplicity and has a reputation of being a voice for the poor . "  We live in the most unequal part of the world , which has grown the most yet reduced misery the least , " Allen quoted Francis as saying during a gathering of Latin American bishops in 2007 . "  The unjust distribution of goods persists , creating a situation of social sin that cries out to heaven and limits the possibilities of a fuller life for so many of our brothers . " First Latin American pope ` very exciting ' ` The butt kicker that 's needed ' Francis is fan of the San Lorenzo soccer club in Argentina , and a lover of tango , according to Telam , Argentina 's state news agency . Telam says the new pope has just one lung , but a Vatican spokesman said he was unable to confirm whether that report was true . As a Jesuit , Francis is a member of the Society of Jesus , one of the biggest and most important orders in the church . Jesuits are recognized for their exceptional educational institutions and focus on social justice . "  The new Pope Francis is supposedly a reformer of sorts . He reformed the Jesuits , fighting against liberation theology when that was on the rise in Argentina , " said Raymond Arroyo , a CNN contributor and Catholic television host . About 480 million of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics live in Latin America , but no one from the region had ever been chosen as pope . By electing who they did , the cardinals sent a strong message about where the future of the church may lie . Francis takes the helm of a Catholic Church that has been rocked in recent years by sex abuse by priests and claims of corruption and infighting among the church hierarchy . "  From the people I 've spoken to here in the Vatican who know him well , they say he is , pardon the French here , the butt kicker that 's needed , " Arroyo said . Opinion : Pope Francis - humble , authentic and credible	The new pope reportedly has just one lung ; he is 76 He is the first Jesuit to become pope He will be called Pope Francis , in honor of St. Francis of Assisi He is the first non-European pontiff of the modern era , the first from South America
Rolling Stone  -- The long-gestating Tupac Shakur movie may finally begin production this November , now that director Antoine Fuqua  "  Training Day "  has brought on Oscar-nominated screenwriters Stephen J. Rivele and Chris Wilkinson to pen a new script . Wilkinson tells Vulture that the film , originally written in a documentary style , will not be a biopic . Instead , it will focus onTupac 's last day , and flash back on the four years that preceded his still-unsolved shooting death in Las Vegas . "  He was just beginning to shed that anger and look for a purer voice ... He was in the process of changing himself , and entering a new phase of his life , " says Rivele , who previously teamed with Wilkinson to script "  Ali " and "  Nixon . " "  He saw the contradiction between the musical persona of ` Thug Life , ' and his essential nature as a gentle , sensitive person . And that was partly responsible for his murder : He was not a gangster , but the people around him were . " Rolling Stone : The life and times of the hip-hop great Like "  Notorious , " the biopic that starred first-time actor Jamal Woolard as Biggie , Fuqua hopes to cast an unknown to portray Tupac .  Anthony Mackey , who would later appear in "  The Hurt Locker , " played Shakur in "  Notorious . " Plans for the movie began in 2007 , when Tupac 's mother , Afeni Shakur , sold the rights . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	The long-gestating Tupac Shakur movie may begin production this November The film , originally written in a documentary style , will not be a biopic Plans for the movie began in 2007 when Tupac 's mother sold the rights
CNN  -- The mayor of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , is asking Mexican federal authorities not to pull military units out of the region for at least another six months . A Mexican soldier controls traffic at the Mexico-U.S. border customs post in Ciudad Juarez on August 16 . A decision on whether to withdraw the troops is expected before September 15 . The troops were sent to the city across from El Paso , Texas , in the spring of 2008 to help quell violence involving warring drug cartels . An additional surge of troops was sent this spring . That surge appeared to work at first , cutting the homicide rate in Juarez drastically . But murders in the city spiked over the summer . Figures provided by the city show that in August . more than 300 people were killed , the deadliest month so far this year . In July , 260 died and in June , 220 . Those numbers were in stark contrast to 16 homicides in March , 42 in April and 60 in May . The mayor , Jose Reyes Ferriz , attributed the summer spike in violence to wars between cartels over the control of street drug-sale points . The cartels are hiring mostly youths to handle retail drug sales , he said , and that has resulted in most of the murder victims being between the ages of 14 and 25 . The mayor said Juarez is not ready for the army 's full withdrawal , even though he is aware the troops ' presence was meant to be a temporary solution to give the city time to get rid of corrupt police officers , hire new ones and train its new force . "  We have accomplished the part that has to do with strengthening the police , but the city is in a very difficult situation . We are asking part of the army to stay and help us , " Reyes Ferriz said . In September , 750 newly graduated police cadets are expected to join Ciudad Juarez Police Department , and another 400 in October , bringing the force to a total of about 3,000 officers . According to figures provided by the military , more than 6,000 soldiers are serving in Joint Operation Chihuahua in Juarez , of which 3,600 have been assigned to narco-traffic operations . The rest have been assigned to traffic duties and street patrols . The operation 's spokesman , Enrique Torres , said the military is "  evaluating the security situation " in the city and will be "  implementing a gradual withdrawal . "	Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz would like federal army troops to stay six more months Troops were sent to Ciudad Juarez to quell drug-fueled murders Murders down in spring , but spike in summer ; more than 300 killed in August Decision on whether to withdraw the troops is expected before September 15
CNN  -- Anything you can do , I can do better . That was the message from Lionel Messi to Brazil 's boy wonder Neymar . Both players , teammates at Barcelona , have lit up this World Cup with four goals in their opening three games . But unlike Neymar , who at the age of just 22 has scored 35 goals in 52 international appearances , Messi has had to contend with critics who say he never delivers when playing in an Argentina shirt . Now , having scored more times in this tournament than his previous two World Cups combined , those opinions appear to have disappeared ahead of the last-16 tie against Switzerland . Two goals against Nigeria in Wednesday 's 3-2 victory secured top spot in Group F against a Super Eagles side which qualified for the last 16 in second place courtesy of Iran 's 3-1 defeat by Bosnia . "  Messi is one heck of a player , " Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi told reporters . "  You ca n't take that away from him . He 's blessed . I think there are other players in the Argentina squad who are very strong , but Messi is from Jupiter . "  We gave too much respect to the Argentinians and did not play our game in the first half . We played a bit more aggressive in the second half . Congratulations to the Argentina team , I wish them all the best in the tournament . " Messi left Argentina for Spain at the age of 13 -- a move which led many in his homeland to question whether he had taken on a Catalan identity by the time he grew into one of the world 's greats . Surely that myth will be extinguished should Messi lead his country to its first World Cup triumph since 1986 -- and the signs are increasingly encouraging . He has now scored 42 goals in 88 international appearances while playing with an energy which suggests he may have been saving his best for last following a relatively poor season at Barcelona , which was interrupted by injury . His last-gasp goal which secured a 1-0 win over a valiant Iran was a moment of magic which will long be remembered . That goal , which came just moments after Diego Maradona -- arguably Argentina 's greatest ever player -- had left the stadium , appeared to signal his arrival as the nation 's new hero . Messi , who turned 27 on Tuesday , said his perfect birthday gift would be to win the World Cup -- and given his recent performances , it would take a brave person to bet against it . Unlike on Saturday against Iran , Messi required just three minutes to unpick the Nigerian defense in Porto Alegre . A sumptuous through ball by Javier Mascherano released Angel Di Maria and , when his shot was pushed onto the post by the Nigeria goalkeeper , Messi followed up to lash the ball high into the net . Nigeria , which had n't conceded a goal in its previous two games , could scarcely have reacted better . Just over a minute later , a quick break allowed Ahmed Musa to find space on the left before he cut inside a curled home a delightful effort past the outstretched arm of Sergio Romero . A draw would have been enough to take Nigeria through to the next stage for the first time since 1998 but the Africans struggled to contain a rampant looking Argentina . Di Maria , a star of Real Madrid 's European Champions League triumph , unleashed a fierce 30-yard drive which Vincent Enyeama , the Nigeria goalkeeper , did well to turn behind . Enyeama , who has enjoyed an impressive season with French club Lille , then denied Messi from 25 yards as the forward arrowed a free kick towards goal . But with the first half drawing to a close , he was beaten again as Messi curled home an exquisite effort from 20 yards with his wand-like left-foot . Nigeria could have been forgiven for beginning to fear the worst at the interval given Messi 's moments of magic . But Stephen Keshi 's men appeared reinvigorated after the break and Musa broke through the Argentina defense to level within two minutes of the restart . Nigeria , paired with Argentina for the fourth time in the World Cup , suffered narrow defeats in each of its previous three fixtures against the South Americans . But any thoughts that this would finally be its day were soon extinguished when Marcos Rojo bundled in Messi 's corner just three minutes later . The mercurial Messi , having already tormented Nigeria for just over an hour , was then substituted by coach Alejandro Sabella -- either to give him a rest or out of sympathy for his opponents . As Messi walked off to a standing ovation and an almighty roar from the thousands wearing blue and white packed inside the stadium , the game appeared to meander somewhat . There was still time for Musa to threaten a hat-trick while Messi 's replacement , Ricky Alvarez , should have done better with a headed chance late on . But with the news of Iran 's demise filtering through from Salvador , Nigeria appeared aware of its qualification and a showdown with France in Brasilia on Monday . Iran , which fought so valiantly during the 1-0 defeat by Argentina last Saturday , required a victory to progress for the first time in its history , combined with a Nigerian defeat . But it was frustrated in its attempt by a Bosnia team , which despite already being unable to qualify for the knockout phase , appeared determined to go out of its first World Cup in style . Bosnia 's 1-0 defeat by Nigeria , which riled coach Safet Susic after his team wrongly had a goal disallowed , left several players inconsolable at the final whistle . But there was little sign of a hangover and Edin Dzeko , the man whose effort was ruled out , finally gained the goal he so badly craved when he drove home from 20 yards . Roma 's Miralem Pjanic added a second after the break before Reza Ghoochannejad pulled one back with 11 minutes remaining . But with Iran pushing forward for an equalizer , Avdija Vrsajevic rounded off a rapid move by firing in off the post to secure his country 's historic first World Cup victory	Lionel Messi scores twice for Argentina Nigeria qualifies despite 3-2 defeat Iran beaten 3-1 by Bosnia-Herzegovina Edin Dzeko and Miralem Pjanic on target for Bosnia
CNN  -- An 8-foot-long alligator sank its teeth into a 90-year-old woman 's leg and tried to drag her into a canal in southern Florida , a spokeswoman for the state 's Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said . Margaret Webb was walking in her flooded yard Wednesday in rural Copeland , Florida , about 80 miles west of Miami , when the alligator lunged at her and grabbed her by her left leg , commission spokeswoman Gabriella Ferraro said . Dewain Daniels , who was driving by , stopped to help the woman , Ferraro said , and pulled her out of the water away from the alligator . But that did n't stop the huge reptile , which tried to come out of the water three times . Daniels shot the alligator between the eyes with a .22 Magnum rifle , according to the incident report from the wildlife commission , and it retreated into the water . Webb was airlifted to Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers , where she 's in critical condition after having her left leg amputated below the knee , Ferraro said . She 's also being treated for a bite on her right leg . Ferraro said alligators are the most active at this time of year , while water levels are at their highest , but unprovoked attacks are rare . In 2010 , the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission reported six unprovoked attacks in the state . Ferraro said the elderly woman , whose home is next to the Florida Everglades , is no stranger to alligator attacks . "  There are reports she has lost pets to alligators , " she said . Two wildlife officers and trapper David Regel returned to the site of the attack early Thursday morning to search for the alligator in the canals surrounding Webb 's home . Ferraro said it 's not clear what became of the gator . "  We do n't know if it 's alive or dead or injured . "	The woman , who has lost pets to alligators before , lives near the Everglades Her left leg was amputated below the knee , Ferraro says A man shot the gator between the eyes
CNN  -- A 39-year-old man was arrested Friday in connection with the watercraft accident death last year of the former stepson of singer Usher Raymond , said District Attorney Lee Darragh of Hall County , Georgia . Jeffrey Simon Hubbard , who was being held by authorities , will make an appearance before a judge this weekend , when Hubbard will be informed of charges against him , Darragh told CNN on Friday afternoon . Hubbard has been "  indicted for homicide by vessel in the first degree , as well as serious injury by a vessel involving a second victim , and reckless operation of a vessel , " Darragh said . The 11-year-old died last July , after a personal watercraft crashed into an inner tube he was riding on a Georgia lake . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Jeffrey Simon Hubbard , 39 , will appear before a judge this weekend He has already been indicted on a charge of homicide by vessel in the first degree Usher 's former stepson died after a watercraft accident last year
CNN  -- T-shirts and other official merchandise from what were billed as Michael Jackson 's last concerts are up for sale , the shows ' promoter told fans by e-mail Thursday . Official merchandise from Michael Jackson 's "  This Is It " tour is for sale , according to the shows ' promoter . The e-mail , which went to people with tickets to London tour dates that were to start in July , reaffirmed an earlier announcement that ticketholders will receive a full refund or , if they chose , a commemorative ticket for the tour . The concert merchandise includes Jackson belt buckles , socks , hats , wallets , music and a myriad of T-shirts . "  Early in June , Michael Jackson approved a line of official merchandise for you , his fans , " said the e-mail from concert promoter AEG Live . "  As we mourn the loss of one of the greatest talents the world has ever seen , we are only beginning to feel the impact that Michael left upon us all . A variety of official merchandise commemorates this incredible talent and preserves the legacy that is Michael Jackson . " Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled for the O2 Arena in London , starting July 13 . The shows were billed as the final concerts of his career and were called "  This Is It . " Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . The singer died with debts estimated at $ 500 million , and his estate will take years to unravel legally . On Wednesday , Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog , which Jackson co-owned . "  Some time ago , the media came up with the idea that Michael Jackson was going to leave his share in the Beatles songs to me in his will , which was completely made up and something I did n't believe for a second , " a statement on McCartney 's Web site said . "  Now the report is that I am devastated to find that he did n't leave the songs to me . This is completely untrue . I had not thought for one minute that the original report was true and , therefore , the report that I 'm devastated is also totally false , so do n't believe everything you read folks ! "	Fans were told by e-mail Thursday that "  This Is It " tour merchandise was for sale Jackson himself approved a line of official merchandise in early June Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog
CNN  -- Two New York residents have been arrested on charges of conspiring to send aid to terrorist groups in Afghanistan , New York City officials said Thursday . Humayoun Ghoulan Nabi , 27 , and Ismail Alsarabbi , 32 , are charged with conspiring to solicit aid in support of terrorist organizations -- including the Taliban and al Qaeda -- fighting American troops in Afghanistan . Nabi , a Pakistani national , and Alsarabbi , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Kuwait , allegedly planned to supply warm winter clothing and electronics to militants in the region to ensure their attacks can continue during harsh Afghan winters , according to the Queens County District Attorney 's office . Queens District Attorney Richard . A. Brown said winter jackets and electronics were "  as serious as supplying the enemy with bullets and bombs . " "  These defendants , as a result , were not merely conspiring to supply clothing items to people in Afghanistan , they were conspiring to make the enemy more effective in engaging and killing American soldiers , " said Brown , in a press release . According to the complaint , Nabi admitted to engaging in a plan to provide outerwear and jackets to fighters in Afghanistan because he hates the United States , Jewish people and U.S. soldiers . "  The arrests of these two New York City residents , Nabi and Alsarabbi , demonstrate the spectrum of terrorism threats that the New York City Police Department must continue to guard against , " said New York Police Department Commissioner Raymond Kelly in a statement . The investigation began in April 2011 when a confidential informant approached an NYPD detective and told him about Nabi 's plans , the complaint says . The informant said Nabi compared his efforts to those of Osama Bin Laden and stated that the governments in Muslim countries can not be trusted to stand up for pious Muslims , according to the complaint . Nabi told the informant he wanted to take a stand . According to the complaint , Alsarabbi and Nabi took money given by the NYPD to the informant and sent it to Lahore , Pakistan . From recorded conversation it was determined the money was sent to Nabi 's father for "  merchandise to Afghanistan , " the complaint states . Both men were arraigned on Tuesday in Queens Criminal Court and held on $ 500,000 bond . The next hearing date is set for October 25 , the district attorney 's office said . Nabi and Alsarabbi are charged with soliciting or providing support for an act of terrorism and conspiracy . If convicted on all counts , they face up to seven years behind bars . CNN was unable to reach Nabi 's and Alsarabbi 's attorneys on Thursday .	Pakistani national and U.S. naturalized citizen accused of plan to aid terrorists Humayoun Ghoulan Nabi and Ismail Alsarabbi face seven years behind bars Nabi admitted to doing it because he hates the U.S. , Jewish people and U.S. soldiers Queen 's district attorney compares these supplies to "  bullets and bombs "
CNN  -- More than two-thirds of the passengers survived an airplane crash Monday morning in southeastern Venezuela , government officials said . Fifteen people were confirmed dead and 36 survived when the plane , carrying 51 passengers and crew , crashed in the state of Bolivar , Gov. Francisco Rangel Gomez said . Many of the survivors were taken to hospitals in the city of Guayana , he said . At least two of the victims died at the hospital , said Yanitza Rodriguez , director of the Hospital Uyapar . Rangel Gomez declared three days of mourning but called it a "  miracle " that so many people survived . The survivors "  are with some problems , but they are alive , thank God , " he said . Authorities had identified all but six of the deceased . A names of the victims would be withheld until they are all identified , Rangel Gomez said . The aircraft belongs to the government-owned Conviasa airline . Aerial photographs showed that the plane crashed in an industrial storage yard . Best Western hotel clerk Ivan Maradey said he saw the plane tumble into some power lines before hitting the ground and exploding . The aircraft was an ATR42 , a twin-turboprop , short-haul airplane built in France and Italy , Rangel Gomez said . Conviasa Flight 2350 was en route from Isla Margarita to Guayana when it crashed , the governor said . The cause of the crash had not been determined and remained under investigation , Rangel Gomez said . He identified the pilot as Ramiro Cardenas . The officials made their comments on the CNN-affiliated Globovision TV station . Federal investigators arrived at the scene Monday afternoon to begin examining the crash site , the state-run AVN news agency reported .	Fifteen people confirmed dead , governor says The aircraft belongs to the government-owned Conviasa airline The plane crashed in southeastern Venezuela
An Israeli soldier who was critically injured in fighting last month died Sunday , the Israel Defense Forces announced in a tweet . The death of Sgt. Shacar Shalev , 20 , came almost a week after a new ceasefire between Israel and Hamas that ended more than seven weeks of fighting . Shalev 's death increases the number killed on the Israeli side in the conflict to 68 . Of those , 65 are soldiers and two are Israeli civilians . A foreign worker in Israel was also killed . The United Nations has said more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the violence in Gaza . The U.N estimates at least 70 % of the Palestinians killed were civilians , but Israel reports a higher number of militants among the dead . The ceasefire agreed to Tuesday between Israeli and Hamas officials has no expiration date , unlike several previous ones . The truce does not deal with core long-term issues on both sides . But Israel agreed to ease the blockade on Gaza , open border crossings for more aid to pass through and extend the fishing limit off the coast to 6 miles , according to a senior Egyptian government official . Both sides agreed to return to Cairo for further talks , the official said .	Israeli soldier dies from injuries suffered in Hamas conflict Sgt. Shacar Shalev was critically injured in Gaza fighting in late July Death toll in Israel reaches 68 ; more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed
CNN  -- Mario Colao jolted out of bed at 3 in the morning . He was covered in sweat , his left arm was completely numb and his heart was pounding violently . He started crying because he was terrified of what was happening to him . That night in January 2010 was the third time in two weeks his sleep had been interrupted by heart attack-like symptoms , and he thought he knew why . "  It 's sad to say , but I felt like I deserved this because I never took care of myself , " Colao says . He was 28 , weighed 460 pounds and wore size 6X clothing . He knew his habits of binge drinking , smoking two packs of cigarettes a day and overindulging in food were slowly killing him . "  I asked God to give me another chance , " Colao says , "  and I passed out . " The Chicago native had been overweight since childhood . He was born into an Italian family where food was at the center of everything . His parents worked long hours , so his grandfather played a large role in raising him . In school , Colao was bullied because of his weight , and his grandfather was his only friend . But when Colao was 9 , his grandfather died . He turned to food to comfort the loneliness he felt . "  Food became a total escape , " he says . "  I always considered it my drug . " The weight kept piling on through adolescence and beyond . At 18 , he started smoking . He began to drink heavily when he was 22 . All the while he continued to eat unhealthy foods day and night . On his blog , I 've Said It All Before , Colao gives examples of some of his regular meals at the time . One included two burgers , a large soda , large French fries and chicken nuggets , totaling more than 2,400 calories . By 2010 , Colao was drinking up to 10 drinks in one night and smoking two packs of cigarettes a day . But after those scary symptoms kept waking him up , he made a pact with himself to change . "  I quit smoking and stopped eating everything that was bad , " he says . Colao 's parents bought him a treadmill because he was uncomfortable exercising in a gym . "  That 's what really helped me the most -- being able to gain the physical and mental stability and work out on my own , " he recalls . He started by walking and slowly worked his way up to jogging and weightlifting . Colao overhauled his diet as well . He stopped eating fast food , fried food and red meat and drinking soda . He forced himself to get accustomed to healthy alternatives while allowing himself to indulge in small things so he would n't feel overwhelmed . He was motivated to change his eating habits by realizing how much time he would have to exercise to burn off the foods he was consuming . Over the first couple of months , Colao dropped 50 pounds . The loss drove him to continue , and he set a goal of losing 200 pounds . When he had lost down to 305 pounds , Colao went through a difficult breakup and eased up on his calorie counting and exercising habits . Six months later , he had gained back 40 pounds . Scared he would continue gaining weight , he got back on the wagon . "  I ended up being so angry at how bad I had gotten again , that I forced myself to get back on track , " he remembers . He began monitoring his caloric intake again and started exercising two hours a day , five days a week . As a reward for reaching his goal of a 200-pound weight loss , Colao booked a trip to Philadelphia to run up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and re-create a famous scene from the movie "  Rocky . " He was on course to hit his goal when a foot fracture sidelined him for a few weeks . When the trip to Philadelphia approached , Colao had lost 185 pounds and was just shy of his goal . Regardless , he decided to go and run up those stairs . Colao finally hit his goal weight of 260 pounds in October . He still wants to lose another 20 to 30 pounds , but his focus has moved toward challenging himself with new exercises . He 's also weightlifting to tone up some loose skin that has developed around his arms and stomach . Through his journey , Colao has found support and motivation in his parents and girlfriend , Julia Gonzalez . He says he still struggles to see himself in his slimmer body , and Gonzalez pushes him to look on the bright side . "  I 'm always going to be a positive voice for him to remember what a great thing he 's accomplished , " she says . "  He inspires so many people . People see him , and they realize that they can do it , too . " Colao is using his experience to become a certified personal trainer . "  My main desire is to help people like me -- people that are obese and feel hopeless about the situation , " he says . Four years ago , Colao could not tie his shoes without losing his breath . A few weeks ago , he did a push-up for the first time . In two months , he hopes to be a certified personal trainer and well on his way to helping others reach their weight-loss goals .	Mario Colao has lost 200 pounds in just under four years Three nights of heart attack-like symptoms made him realize he had to make a change He stopped smoking two packs of cigarettes a day and quit drinking excessively Colao plans to be a certified personal trainer and wants to help people like himself
CNN  -- A fire that broke out Friday in an empty Boeing 787 Dreamliner at London 's Heathrow Airport does not appear to be related to the jet 's batteries , the UK Air Accidents Investigation Branch said Saturday . "  It is clear that this heat damage is remote from the area in which the aircraft main and APU batteries are located and at this stage there is no evidence of a direct causal relationship , " the agency said in a statement . No injuries were reported , but the cause of the fire inside the Ethiopian Airlines plane was not clear . The incident puts Boeing 's marquee 787 Dreamliner fleet back in the headlines after it was grounded this year because of a fire risk associated with the planes ' batteries . The U.S. National Transportation Board said Saturday that it sent an investigator to London to aid in the investigation . Senior Air Safety Investigator Lorenda Ward was to be accompanied by NTSB airplane systems investigators and representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing . Japanese Dreamliner held due to A/C power glitch Ethiopian Airlines said in a posting on its Facebook page that the incident occurred on one of its jets after it arrived Friday morning on a normal flight from Addis Ababa to Heathrow . After passengers deplaned and the plane was cleaned , it was towed to a remote area , where it was parked and its internal and external power switched off , Ethiopian said . "  After more than 8 hours smoke was detected , " it added . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch said no one was aboard the plane when the fire broke out , causing "  extensive heat damage " to the upper portion of the rear fuselage . It predicted the initial investigation would take several days . Another 787 Dreamliner flying out of the United Kingdom and operated by Thomson Airways was forced to turn back Friday after what the airline called "  a technical issue . " The 787 Dreamliner represents a new generation of efficient wide-body , long-range aircraft , and Boeing has placed a big bet on the fleet . Customer demand for the Dreamliner has remained solid despite the grounding . The plane is more efficient than earlier models due to its lighter weight , using composite material rather than aluminum and wires instead of some of the hydraulics . Another Dreamliner diverted for mechanical problem Although Boeing has delivered to customers just 68 of the planes , it has 862 unfilled orders . Boeing says it plans to increase production to 10 per month by the end of the year , double the rate earlier this year . The first of the long-delayed Dreamliners went into service for Japan 's All Nippon Airways in October 2011 , and the planes flew without major problems for more than a year . But after the battery problem emerged in January , the company had to retrofit the 50 Dreamliners already in service before they could return to service . Though Boeing shares sank Friday 3.6 % on the news , they were still up more than 30 % since the start of 2013 .	Fire broke out Friday at London 's Heathrow Airport No injuries were reported in the incident Boeing 's marquee 787 was grounded this year because of a fire risk
CNN  -- The reading specialist who blew the whistle on an academic scandal at the University of North Carolina sued the university Monday , saying she was retaliated against after speaking out . Mary Willingham quit her job in May after she was demoted , and she 's now suing to get her original job back . UNC has been under scrutiny since 2011 , when it was revealed that it had hundreds of classes in the Afro-American studies program that required no attendance and just a single paper . The issue received national attention after CNN highlighted literacy problems at UNC . In one CNN report , Willingham said the so-called "  paper classes " were well known by the athletic support staff as easy classes for athletes who needed to stay eligible , and that the papers were often plagiarized . Willingham said she worked with athletes for several years during the time when UNC had the bogus classes . The university admitted to the irregular classes , but denied the issue was anything more than the actions of one rogue professor . That professor , Julius Nyang ` oro , was indicted in December on a fraud charge . Orange County District Attorney JIm Woodall said he 's considering dropping that charge because Nyang ` oro is cooperating . Willingham said that more people knew about the fake classes , and that athletic support staff funneled athletes into the classes to keep eligible the players who could n't otherwise keep up with rigorous UNC classwork . After speaking to the local newspaper , the News and Observer in 2013 , she was demoted and given extra work , her lawsuit says . Then , she says , university officials verbally attacked her in 2014 when CNN featured her in a story about the literacy rates of college athletes nationwide . She has said she felt university officials unfairly attacked her character after she revealed research on a selection of athletes who were reading at elementary school levels . A whistle-blower group came to her defense earlier this year , saying the university should launch an investigation into the public harassment of Willingham by UNC officials . In May , she announced she was leaving her job because of the hostile work environment , but said she loved working with students and hoped to be able to return . "  It will crush me to not be able to come to work here every day , " she said in March . "  I do n't really look forward to that day at all . " "  The train has left the station , people are talking about NCAA reform , and my university is not even in the station , " she said . "  Instead they are attacking my character . That is not a leadership . Leaders focus on the issue , not on the people . " The press she generated caused UNC to launch a new investigation into academic fraud . That investigation is underway and being conducted by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein . He recently announced that he has acquired 1.5 million e-mails and documents , talked to 30 athletic support staff , and gotten valuable information from others . He also is looking at transcripts going back to the 1980s , something no other UNC investigation had done . Wainstein also interviewed WIllingham and Nyang ` oro , which the NCAA did not do when it first looked at what happened . Wainstein shared his information with the NCAA and this week the NCAA announced it was reopening its investigation . "  There is no doubt in my mind that NCAA gave a gift to UNC by not investigating this obvious fraud , " said Oklahoma University professor Gerald Gurney . He worked in athletic support for years and has become a critic of the NCAA . He 's currently researching academic fraud at many institutions , including UNC . "  UNC is the mother of all academic fraud violations , " Gurney said . "  I have no doubt that the scale of the North Carolina case constitutes the most significant academic fraud case in the NCAA . Theres no doubt in my mind about cooperation of friendly faculty and the cover-up and the excuses of this kind of behavior that has gone on in the university . ... It 's eggregious . "  It 's quite likely that if it is shown that this is a long-term systematic scheme on the part of the university that UNC will need to vacate wins , " Gurney said . NCAA reopens ` paper class ' investigation at UNC DA ponders dropping charges in UNC ` paper classes ' case UNC probe urged over public attacks on whistleblower	UNC is accused of putting athletes in easy Afro-American studies classes Mary Willingham spoke out about the fake classes In lawsuit , she says UNC retaliated against her
Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel writes in a new ad campaign that the crisis in Gaza and Israel is a battle between "  those who celebrate life and those who champion death . " Wiesel , a Holocaust survivor and author who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986 , begins with a reference to Abraham , who is considered the father of Judaism , Christianity , and Islam . Wiesel cites the story of God stopping Abraham from sacrificing his son Isaac . "  Jews rejected child sacrifice 3,500 years ago . Now it 's Hamas ' turn , " the headline reads . Wiesel calls Hamas a "  death cult . " "  Do the two cultures that brought us the Psalms of David and the rich libraries of the Ottoman Empire not share a love of life , of transmitting wisdom and opportunity to their children ? And is any of this discernible in the dark future offered by Hamas to Arab children , to be suicide bombers or human shields for rockets ? "  Palestinian parents want a hopeful future for their children , just like Israeli parents do . And both should be joining together in peace . " Hamas ' political leader Khaled Meshaal , who lives in Qatar , presented a very different view of the conflict in an interview with CNN -- and denied that Hamas uses human shields . Wiesel , in the ad , calls on "  the Palestinian people to find true Muslims to represent them , Muslims who would never voluntarily place a child in danger . " He asks U.S. President Barack Obama and other world leaders to speak out against Hamas . Obama has discussed Middle East peace with Wiesel in the past . The ad campaign appears in some U.S. papers in Chicago , Los Angeles , Miami , New York and Washington , according to This World : The Values Network , a group that says it is committed to "  bringing Jewish values to mainstream American culture as a way of healing and strengthening families , diverting society 's focus from material greed and inspiring children to emulate caring , compassionate relationships . " "  We all lament the loss of Palestinian life brought about by the murderous Hamas regime , " founder Rabbi Shmuley Boteach said , according to the organization 's website . "  This is especially true of the children . That is why we have produced this advertising campaign with Elie Wiesel , to stop the terrorist cowards of Hamas from hiding behind innocent children and pregnant women . " Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader	Elie Wiesel won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986 He says Hamas offers a "  dark future " for children The Holocaust survivor writes that both Palestinian and Jewish parents want peace A Jewish group produced the ad campaign , which appears in some major U.S. papers
CNN  -- A federal judge in Washington state on Tuesday unsealed an indictment for airplane theft against an alleged teenage criminal known as "  the barefoot bandit . " According to the indictment , Colton Harris-Moore , 19 , stole an aircraft last year in Idaho and flew it to Washington state , where authorities found it crashed . DNA evidence and fingerprints linked Harris-Moore to the plane theft , the indictment states . The elusive fugitive is suspected in previous thefts of small planes . In the most recent case , a small high-performance plane stolen from an Indiana airport over the weekend was found in shallow waters off an island in the Bahamas , officials said , and the details surrounding the incident have people wondering if the "  barefoot bandit " was involved . Now , the FBI is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . An FBI statement indicated that agents believe Harris-Moore was involved in the Indiana theft , with the statement saying , "  Should you see Harris-Moore in The Bahamas , please contact the nearest Royal Bahamas Police Force Station . " After spending years on the run along the West Coast , Harris-Moore had surfaced in recent weeks in the Midwest , police said . Bruce Payton , director of Monroe County Airport in Bloomington , Indiana , told CNN a 2009 Cessna 400 Corvalis was reported missing on July 4 . Payton said the plane was taken from a locked hanger inside an area surrounded by a 12-foot-tall barbed wire fence . "  We 've never had an airplane stolen from this airport before , not to my knowledge , " Payton told CNN , "  and I 've been here since 1978 . " He said the owner of the aircraft was contacted by the U.S. Coast Guard and was told that the emergency locator transmitter for the Cessna was sending out a beacon off the coast of an island in the Bahamas . Payton said the sheriff 's department contacted him on June 30 and said a stolen vehicle had been recovered near the airport . "  The details associated with the stolen vehicle fit the M.O. of the person known as the barefoot bandit , " he said the authorities told him . Harris-Moore was dubbed the barefoot bandit because he allegedly broke into homes in Oregon and Washington without shoes . Police suspect he may also have stolen boats and cars in addition to airplanes . Over the past month , the teen has been linked to a string of thefts and break-ins in South Dakota , Nebraska and Iowa , police said . Authorities said Harris-Moore may have broken into two airports : Chan Gurney in Yankton , South Dakota , and Karl Stefan Memorial in Norfolk , Nebraska . After authorities told him about the possible connection between the recovered stolen vehicle and the barefoot bandit , Payton said , "  I made several contacts with the state Indiana Aviation Association and asked them to put out a bulletin to all airports . " But he said any "  uncontrolled " airport would be vulnerable to an airplane thief . "  We 're a general aviation airport , a corporate-class general aviation airport , " Payton said . "  Our air traffic control is not manned 24 hours per day . We have a controlled airspace from 6:30 in the morning until 9:30 p.m. Aircraft can still go from this area and operate under federal aviation rules as they do at all uncontrolled airports . " "  The bigger question people should be asking , " Payton said , "  is how could an airplane fly from Bloomington , Indiana , and fly across states and airspaces and international waters and never be detected ? " Harris-Moore has become an outlaw hero to tens of thousands of people who have joined a Facebook tribute page . Jim Tillman , a retired pilot and aviation expert , said his alleged crime spree should not be romanticized . "  This kid is a punk . He 's a brat who is breaking laws all over the place . " Tillman told CNN . "  You are dealing with a thief who is violating federal law and endangering anybody on the ground . There is no glamour in this , none whatsoever . " Tillman said that it "  would n't be too difficult for Harris-Moore to fly the plane to the Bahamas . Flying an airplane is not as tough to do as a lot of people would like to think it is , but it is n't like stealing a car . You 've got an airplane moving over 200 knots , it 's got a whole bunch of gasoline on board , it 's just dangerous . " Tillman said many pilots are not required to file flight plans . "  As long as you do n't fly in restricted areas , around airports , military institutions , " he said . He also had a message for those who may idolize Harris-Moore for his alleged escapades . "  He 's just an idiot pushing his luck " said Tillman .	NEW : "  Barefoot bandit " indicted for theft of a plane last year Another plane stolen from Bloomington , Indiana , airport and flown to the Bahamas in recent days Authorities say details of Indiana theft fit "  barefoot bandit " style Airport manager says authorities told him the "  barefoot bandit " could be near
Buchanan , New York  CNN  -- Stepping into the containment dome of Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant No. 3 is almost surreal . It 's like entering a movie set , but instead of walking by wooden props , we 're passing through an 11-foot-thick concrete-and-steel wall . This is the nuclear facility that New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo wants to shut down , the long-time target of both anti-nuclear and environmental activists , the nuclear power plant that sits only some 25 miles from New York City . Just a strip of yellow tape warning of radioactive danger separates me , my producer Sheila Steffen and cameramen Rod Griola and Ken Borland from white-uniformed technicians who are removing groups of nuclear fuel rods  204 rods are packaged together in each fuel assembly  and inserting new ones , a month-long process that takes place every two years . Armed guards stand behind us , even after we have cleared three levels of tight security and a radiation briefing . Getting into the White House is easier , far easier . Around my neck are two Indian Point security passes and two dosimeters that will measure the amount of radiation I receive : one will be sent for analysis to a laboratory , the other is an electronic-arming dosimeter , a real-time radiation detector set to beep if I were to receive a dose of 100 millirems per hour .  During our radiation briefing we are told a chest x-ray delivers 8 millirems . A massive 100-ton steel plug hangs from cables . Below , workers surround the nuclear core , which is underwater . They control machinery that delicately moves the fuel assemblies through a water-filled canal connected to the spent fuel pool , where rods filled with uranium pellets cool down for years . There are nearly 50,000 uranium pellets in each fuel assembly collection of rods . Pumps keep water circulating into the pool so it remains at a temperature of 100-degrees Fahrenheit  compared to the 2,100 degrees that nuclear fuel can reach before it would meltdown  . So , keeping the power on here is essential to averting disaster . Indian Point receives its power from the same electric grid to which it contributes . If the power goes out -- and it briefly did only three weeks ago due to a utility technician 's error -- backup diesel generators kick in to keep the plant functioning . That 's exactly what happened during the recent outage . Each of Indian Point 's two reactors have three auxiliary diesel generators , and then there are separately located backups to those backups as well as diesel-driven fire pumps that can keep the spent fuel rod pools filled . It 's all designed to avoid the kind of catastrophe that occurred at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi plant . Plant managers spend lots of time thinking about potential emergencies and how to avert them . "  Our plant is designed to handle the worst natural disaster . Our people are trained . We have many layers of redundancy , " said John Dinelli , director of operations at Indian Point . The plant is built to withstand at least a 6.0-magnitude earthquake , greater than the region has ever experienced , though researchers at Columbia University 's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory warn a 7.0 is not out of the realm of possibility since they have determined the plants is built near the intersection of two active seismic zones . "  We believe that we can handle a  magnitude  7 earthquake , " said Joseph Pollock , vice president of operations for Entergy , the plant 's owner . "  The theoretically highest predicted earthquake in this area would be of a magnitude where our plant design will be able to withstand that and we would be able to respond and shut the plant down in a safe manner . " In truth , Indian Point 's operators say , a severe hurricane is a far more likely event , for which they also have extensive contingency plans . During the month-long refueling process at unit No. 3 , the containment dome 's hatch remains open . To be prepared for a natural hazard -- or even the possibility of an attack -- Indian Point keeps a giant plug sitting on a massive forklift nearby that plant workers can shove into place within 15 minutes to protect the reactor . Such precautions and procedures are part of Entergy 's application to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a 20-year operating license renewal . Unit No. 3 's license expires in 2015 , unit No. 2 in 2013 .  Indian Point shut down its original reactor , No. 1 , in 1974  . Back inside the dome , after technicians vertically lift a 12-foot fuel assembly from the nuclear core , they turn it horizontally and move it along a water-filled canal to the adjacent building that houses the spent fuel pool where the assembly is positioned in an upright rack for cooling , which takes years . The pool about 40 feet deep , surrounded by 6 feet of concrete on all sides , and it has a greenish tint to it . Workers stand on metal ramps overhead , prepared to accept the next spent fuel assembly . My electronic arming dosimeter registers a .3 millirem , its first detection of radiation . In a locked , plexiglass-enclosed case not far from the pool sit brand new fuel assemblies fresh from Westinghouse , waiting their turn for a swim to the nuclear reactor core . As precise as the underwater operations are , they are not without flaw . In unit No. 2 , Indian Point 's other active plant , there has been a relatively small leak during refueling that officials say has let out as much as eight gallons of contaminated water a day into the containment dome area . "  We have n't found the exact location of the leak to be able to do the repair and stop it , " said Pollock . "  We 're working with a couple of firms . Right now there 's a technique being used in Germany that we 're trying to see if it would work here and we 're going through that evaluation right now . " Pollock says the leak is neither cause for concern nor a safety hazard since it 's within one of the reactor domes . As we leave the spent fuel pool , we hand in both our dosimeters for analysis before stepping into a device that detects if we 've picked up any contaminants on our clothing or shoes . I step in , push my chest against the oversized metal detector style contraption , wait an uncomfortably long 30-seconds , then do the same with my back up against the device . My heartbeat slows as I step through the locked security gate and walk back towards the largest part of the nuclear plant : the power-generating room . This is where the steam that 's created from the nuclear reactor flows through huge tubes to turn giant turbines that power the generator that produces the electricity Indian Point sends off to the grid . Each plant generates 1,000 megawatts of power , providing as much as 30 % of the electricity for New York and Westchester County . Since unit No. 3 is undergoing refueling , workers are busy maintaining and upgrading the turbines and generator . Both Indian Point plants are pressurized water reactors , as opposed to the crippled Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan , which is a boiling water reactor . Pressurized reactors are n't necessarily safer than boiling water reactors , they just employ a different technique to harness the heat generated by nuclear fission to produce steam . As the nuclear crisis unfolds in Japan , Indian Point officials say they 're hoping for details that might help operations here . "  Undoubtedly we will come back with lessons learned to continue to improve our safety margins and increase them even further , " said Pollack . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is initiating a safety review of Indian Point and all other U.S. nuclear power facilities , as part of its response to the crisis in Japan .	CNN Correspondent Allan Chernoff and his crew go into a nuclear power facility The Indian Point facility sits some 25 miles from New York City New York Gov. Cuomo wants to shut it ; the plant seeks a 20-year license renewal
CNN  -- Six Americans imprisoned in Honduras for more than a month on charges they attempted to smuggle weapons into the country are now free . A family member of one of the former captives and a U.S. congressman , who had traveled to the Central American nation to inquire about the Americans , said Thursday that the men were out of prison and headed home . "  It is with great pleasure I am able to announce the safe release of the six Americans wrongfully imprisoned in Honduras , " Rep. Mike Fitzpatrick , a Pennsylvania Republican , said in a statement . "  The crew of the Aqua Quest -- including the son of one of my constituents -- is in the process of traveling back to the United States and being reunited with their families following the ordeal . " The Americans were in Honduras to work with local officials in the impoverished , rural municipality of Ahuas to remove valuable mahogany logs from a nearby riverbed , remnants of decades of logging . Profits from the sale of the recovered logs would be split between the salvage company and the municipality for a social project there . But this project ended abruptly with their arrest May 5 , after Honduran authorities boarded their ship and discovered a couple of handguns , two shotguns and a semiautomatic rifle . The ship 's captain , Robert Mayne , told CNN by cell phone from his prison cell that the weapons were for protection against piracy while at sea . "  Everyone tells us this would never happen in any other port in Honduras , " he said earlier this month , expressing his frustration with the judge 's and state prosecutor 's interpretation of the law . "  We have the right to do it  carry arms  for protection on the high seas . " His brother Stephen Mayne , who owns Aqua Quest International , said he received word Thursday that the charges against his brother and the rest of the crew had been dropped . "  Right now they are on their way to the boat , " Mayne told CNN . "  We 're happy , but we wo n't celebrate until they are out of Honduran waters . "	Six Americans had been detained in Honduras for over a month They were accused of trying to smuggle weapons into the country on their ship A congressman and brother of the ship 's captain say they 're out of prison Brother : "  We 're happy , but we wo n't celebrate until they are out of Honduran waters "
Moscow  CNN  -- Four people face criminal charges in connection with the sinking of a Russian ship Sunday in which scores of people died , federal investigators said Tuesday . Both Svetlana Inyakina , general director of Argorechtur , the company that rented the cruise boat "  Bulgaria , " and Yakov Ivashov , a manager at the Kama River Register , have been detained , Russia 's Investigative Committee said . They are charged with providing services that do not meet safety standards which resulted in multiple deaths , and if convicted could be jailed for up to 10 years . Criminal charges are also being brought against the captains of two ships which are accused of passing the sinking boat without stopping to help the people in the water , the committee said . They could face heavy fines or up to three years in prison . At least 116 people died in the accident , the committee said on its website . The Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said it has recovered 90 bodies so far -- of 60 women , 16 children and 14 men . Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin , who is also head of the special government commission investigating the accident , said 22 people were buried Tuesday , and more are expected in the coming days . Divers will search around the clock until all of the victims are found , said Levitin . Recovery efforts will also include small planes conducting reconnaissance flights as far as 80 miles downstream , the minister said . According to Russian state TV , scuba divers are working underwater in low visibility and against a heavy current that is moving the boat , which is lying at the bottom of the river . Earlier Tuesday , divers broke through to an inner room where a children 's karaoke concert was taking place when the boat capsized , emergency officials said . Officials believe dozens of children were trapped in the recreation room Sunday when the "  Bulgaria " sank on the Volga river in the Russian republic of Tatarstan with about 200 people on board . There are 175 scuba divers working on the scene , the ministry said . Russia is observing a day of mourning Tuesday with church services taking place all across the country , flags flying at half-staff and national television canceling all entertainment programming in the wake of what Russian media are calling the most devastating river accident in the country 's history . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said the federal government would pay 1 million rubles  $ 35,500  to the families of each of the dead . He also promised 400,000 rubles  $ 14,250  to those who suffered major and moderately severe injuries , and half that sum to people with minor injuries . Among the bodies to have been recovered are those of the ship 's captain Alexander Ostrovsky and his wife , local officials in Tatarstan told Russian media at the site of the accident . Russian Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Shoigu said the lifting of the boat will start late afternoon Saturday . At least 79 people have been rescued , some of whom have been released from hospitals after receiving medical treatment , according to government agencies . The ship did not have a license to transport passengers , was overloaded , and was last repaired more than 30 years ago , the Russian Prosecutor 's Office said Monday . Prosecutors also established that the left engine of the ship was damaged , they said on their website . Russian state TV reported the vessel had an operational limit of about 150 passengers , citing a top government official on site . State TV also reported , citing law enforcement officials , that there were life vests on board for only 156 people . The Investigative Committee said Tuesday there were 192 people aboard the boat -- 148 passengers , plus 44 staff and their relatives . Shoigu said earlier there were 208 people aboard the ship , of whom 25 passengers were not officially registered and did n't have tickets . RIA Novosti reported that 205 people were on board . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said it was evident from the information gathered so far "  that the vessel was not in the appropriate condition . " "  We have to establish why the owner of the ship operated a ship that was in such a poor technical condition , " Medvedev said . "  It is clear that such an accident could n't have taken place if safety rules were followed , even despite the difficult weather situation . " He also called for "  a total inspection of all public carriers in Russia , " adding that it is "  obvious that this ship was not the only one with issues . "  The number of old tubs that are now in use  in Russia  is just staggering , " the president said . He instructed the Prosecutor General 's Office to investigate everyone involved in the Bulgaria cruise , including "  ship-owners , those who issued the navigation permit and those who were involved in organizing that boat tour , especially given the large number of children aboard . " Authorities have not ruled out the possibility that some passengers could have survived by swimming to the bank or one of the islands in the Volga . Survivors told Russian state TV that there were many children on board the ship . The ferry was built in 1955 in what used to be Czechoslovakia , according to Russian law enforcement officials . RIA Novosti said the double-deck cruise ship went down near the village of Syukeyevo in Tatarstan , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  south of the city of Kazan . Kazan is about 724 kilometers  450 miles  east of Moscow . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	The criminal charges brought against four people over the sinking carry heavy penalties PM Vladimir Putin promises compensation for families of the dead and those injured President Dmitry Medvedev declares Tuesday a national day of mourning The ship was overloaded and not licensed to carry passengers , prosecutors say
A man with a history of spouting anti-Semitic rhetoric is suspected of shooting to death a boy and his grandfather outside a Jewish community center near Kansas City , Kansas , and then a woman at a nearby Jewish assisted living facility . Police say Frazier Glenn Cross is the suspect in the shootings . And investigators had "  unquestionably determined " that his actions were a hate crime , said Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass . Cross is the founder and former leader of the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the White Patriot Party , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups . Both organizations operated as paramilitary groups in the 1980s , according to the SPLC . In the 73-year-old 's anti-Semitic and white-supremacist activities , he has also used the name Frazier Glenn Miller , the SPLC said . After he was apprehended at a nearby elementary school , Cross sat in the back of a patrol car and shouted "  Heil Hitler ! " video from CNN affiliate KMBC shows . For now , Cross faces charges of premeditated first-degree murder , officials said . He obtained firearms from a "  straw buyer , " a middleman with a clean record who could buy weapons legally and then sell or give them to Cross , allowing Cross to avoid federal background checks , a U.S. law enforcement official said . He had three guns when he was arrested Sunday , authorities said . Barry Grissom , the U.S. attorney for Kansas , told reporters Monday that he has "  received communications " from U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder expressing Holder 's "  concern and condolences . " "  We are in a very good place from an evidence standpoint of moving forward with this case and we will be presenting it to the grand jury in the not-too-distant future , " Grissom said . If the suspected shooter is charged and convicted of a hate crime , under federal law , the death penalty could be on the table . That would apply if the charge is that the defendant was motivated by the victims ' "  race , color , religion or national origin . " The shootings took place at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and the Village Shalom Retirement Community in Overland Park a day before the start of Passover , a major Jewish holiday . "  The timing is terrible . The timing is awful , " said Rabbi Herbert Mandl , a chaplain with the Overland Park police . The police chief said the gunman shot at five people ; none of whom he is believed to have known . There were no other injuries , authorities said . Police were investigating statements the man made after his arrest but declined to provide additional details , Douglass said . The Anti-Defamation League said it warned last week of the increased possibility of violent attacks against community centers in the coming weeks , "  which coincide both with the Passover holiday and Hitler 's birthday on April 20 , a day around which in the United States has historically been marked by extremist acts of violence and terrorism . " On Monday , the ADL reissued a security bulletin to synagogues and Jewish communal institutions across the country , urging them to review their security plans for the Passover holiday , which begins at sundown Monday . ` That idiot ... knocked a family to its knees ' The shooting began just after 1 p.m. Sunday in the Jewish community center 's parking lot . Inside , the center was a hive of activity . A performance of "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was about to begin , and auditions were under way for "  KC Superstar , " an "  American Idol " - style contest for the best high school singer in the Kansas City area . Outside , the gunman opened fire . Police said he was armed with a shotgun and may have been carrying other weapons . Reat Griffin Underwood , 14 , was there to audition for the singing competition . His grandfather , William Lewis Corporon , was driving him . The bullets struck them in their car . Both died . Reat was a high school freshman active in debate and theater . He loved singing and performing in his church 's choir , his uncle said . Corporon was a doctor who practiced family medicine in Oklahoma for many years before moving to the Kansas City area to be closer to his grandchildren , his family said . "  That idiot absolutely knocked a family to its knees for no reason , " Reat 's uncle and William 's son , Will Corporon , said at a news conference Monday afternoon . "  My dad should be seeing patients today at his work . ... There is no reason . No reason for this . And it 's just a tragedy . " Dr. Corporon worked 40 hours a week , and every free moment he had , he spent with his grandchildren , Will Corporon said . "  My father leaves a huge legacy of community and of healing , " he said . "  And it 's just unbelievable that a senseless , stupid act can cause so much hurt and grief and pain . " Mother : ` They were ambushed ' Grandfather and grandson were Methodists , their pastor , the Rev. Adam Hamilton , told CNN on Monday . Since the shooting , he has tried to comfort Mindy Losen , who is William Lewis Corporon 's daughter and Reat 's mother . "  They are devastated but they have a real deep faith and strength of conviction , " Hamilton said . "  They are overwhelmed with grief . They do n't believe that this was God 's will . This person was doing something evil and not keeping with God 's will . They do believe that their loved ones are safe in the arms of God . " On Monday , Losen told reporters that she had been comforted by family , friends and faith . "  I feel confident from what I heard that they did n't feel anything . They did n't know what was coming . They were ambushed . ... It was a horrible act of violence , " she said . "  My dad , our dad , and my son were at the wrong place at the wrong time for a split second . And we want something good to come out of this . " As she mourns her son 's death , she said she 's hoping his organs can be used in transplants . A woman caring for her mother After the shooting started , the center went into lockdown . "  Some of these kids were taken into locker rooms and told to lay on the floor as the shots rang out , " CNN affiliate KSHB reporter Lisa Benson told CNN . Jeff Nessel , a parent , told The Kansas City Star he had just dropped his 10-year-old son off at the community center when a staff member told him to get back inside because there had been a shooting . "  We 'll keep you on lockdown . You 're safe here , " Nessel said a staff member told him . The gunman then drove to the retirement home , where he shot the third victim in the parking lot . Authorities identified her as Terri LaManno , who was visiting her mother as she usually did every Sunday at Village Shalom . LaManno 's Catholic church , St. Peter 's Parish , posted a message on its web site calling LaManno "  a loving mother and wife , and a gentle and giving woman . " The Children 's Center for the Visually Impaired in Kansas City , where LaManno worked as an occupational therapist , described her as a "  gracious , generous , skilled and deeply caring individual who made a great difference in the lives of so many children and their families . " ' A raging anti-Semite ' Cross is a "  raging anti-Semite " who has posted extensively in online forums that advocate exterminating Jews , the Southern Poverty Law Center said . He has called Jews "  swarthy , hairy , bow-legged , beady-eyed , parasitic midgets . " According to the SPLC , Cross founded and ran the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1980s . He was forced to shut down after the SPLC sued him for operating an illegal paramilitary organization and intimidating African-Americans . He then formed another group , the White Patriot Party . In the late 1980s , Cross spent three years in prison on weapons charges and for plotting the assassination of SPLC founder Morris Dees . The short sentence was a result of a plea bargain he struck with federal prosecutors . In exchange , he testified against 14 white supremacists in a sedition trial in Arkansas in 1988 . "  He was reviled in white supremacist circles as a ` race traitor , ' and , for a while , kept a low profile , " according to an SPLC profile of him . "  Now he 's making a comeback with The Aryan Alternative , a racist tabloid he 's been printing since 2005 . " Connection with other shootings ? The Jewish center shootings come as a spate of highway shootings in the Kansas City area have many residents on edge . Douglass said authorities do n't have any information tying the highway shootings to Sunday 's violence , but he said that 's a possibility they 'll consider . "  It 's too early to tell , " he told reporters on Sunday . "  We have no active information that would lead us in that direction . But the investigation is so early , as you might imagine , we will be working with the Kansas City , Missouri , police department to cover any lead and if that 's a possibility . "	Police chief says that investigators have determined shootings a hate crime Frazier Glenn Cross , 73 , is accused of shooting at five people , killing three High school freshman and his grandfather were killed , as was a woman visiting her mother The suspect founded two white supremacist groups , Southern Poverty Law Center says
The suspect in a shooting at a Kentucky high school that left one student injured is in custody , a spokeswoman said . The shooting took place Tuesday afternoon just inside Fern Creek High School in Louisville . Facts about U.S. school violence One student was transported to a local hospital with an injury that was not life-threatening , said Jody Duncan , a spokeswoman for EMA-MetroSafe . Before the suspect was located and taken into custody , she described him as male , "  about 6-foot-5 , wearing a gray hoodie , black pants with a gray stripe and about 15 or 16 years old . " "  We 're not sure if he is a student at Fern Creek High School , but we do know that he 's a younger individual , " Duncan said . Does your child 's school have a security plan ? The shooting prompted a lockdown at the high school and at an area elementary school . School officials were in the process of connecting students with their parents , the spokeswoman said .	One student suffered an injury that was not life-threatening , spokeswoman says The shooting took place Tuesday at Fern Creek High School in Louisville Both the high school and an area elementary school were on lockdown
CNN  -- Bobby DeLaughter -- the prosecutor who secured the conviction in the infamous Medgar Evers Mississippi murder case -- is himself now headed to prison . It was DeLaughter 's dogged 1994 prosecution and the subsequent conviction of Ku Klux Klan member Byron De La Beckwith that helped trigger the reopening of dozens of civil rights cold cases . DeLaughter became an instant hero of the civil rights movement . Alec Baldwin portrayed him in the 1996 movie , "  Ghosts of Mississippi , " and his closing statement was once dubbed one of the greatest closing arguments in modern law . "  Is it ever too late to do the right thing ? " DeLaughter told the jury of eight blacks and four whites . "  For the sake of justice and the hope of us as a civilized society , I sincerely hope and pray that it 's not . " DeLaughter would go on to become a state judge in 2002 . His years in the robe came to an end in 2009 , when DeLaughter pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice for lying to an FBI agent in a far-reaching corruption probe that has rocked Mississippi 's judicial system . When he was sentenced in November , Byron De La Beckwith 's son sat in the chamber wearing a Confederate flag pin on his red blazer . His father had also worn a Confederate pin during the 1994 trial . DeLaughter is to begin serving his 18-month prison sentence today at a facility in Kentucky . "  The man has now been destroyed , politically and economically . It 's that serious , " said Charles Evers , the brother of Medgar Evers . He said he is trying to raise money to help pay DeLaughter 's expenses while he 's in prison . "  What can we do but fight for a man who fought for us ? " he said . "  I want DeLaughter to know I 'm behind him 100 percent . " DeLaughter 's attorney , Tom Durkin , refused CNN 's request to speak to the prosecutor-turned-judge ahead of his incarceration . "  Bobby DeLaughter remains a civil rights hero , and nothing is going to tarnish that , " Durkin said . "  The penalty he 's paying is enormous , and I think it 's sad and unfortunate . But that 's simply the way it is . " Over the last month , CNN spoke with more than a dozen lawyers in Mississippi about DeLaughter 's fall from grace . They paint a picture of an ambitious man with a brilliant legal mind who ran afoul of the law -- of friends betraying friends and of big-time money corrupting the system . Some take delight in his downfall ; others call it a tragedy that has stained the legal community . In the end , the lawyers said , DeLaughter trusted one man too much : His mentor , Ed Peters , who exploited their friendship and then turned on DeLaughter to avoid prison . "  This is a Shakespearean tragedy in the sense that a person falls from grace due to their own character defects -- in this case , misplaced trust in a friend and , perhaps , some combination of ambition and hubris , " said Matt Steffey , a law professor at Mississippi College School of Law . The story of DeLaughter going from civil rights hero to convicted felon is complicated , involving years of contentious litigation in his courtroom . At the heart of the case is Dickie Scruggs , a high-powered lawyer who made tens of millions of dollars in tobacco and asbestos litigation . Scruggs is the brother-in-law of former Sen. Trent Lott and is now serving seven years in prison for trying to influence Mississippi judges , including DeLaughter . According to prosecutors , Scruggs wanted to get to DeLaughter through his mentor , Peters , to try to influence DeLaughter 's ruling in a high stakes case , potentially worth $ 15 million . Peters received $ 1 million in illicit payments as compensation for his actions , prosecutors say . Peters was granted immunity in exchange for his cooperation . "  Mississippi would like to shake its image of being tied to civil rights crimes and the good ole boy network , and we see these two things overlap here , " Steffey said . "  It 's enormously unfortunate for a person like Judge DeLaughter who , at the very least , accomplished heroic things with bringing Byron De La Beckwith to justice . And it 's tragic for the people of Mississippi -- that the end story here is that he is a corrupt judge in prison . " DeLaughter has denied taking any money in the case or that he was improperly influenced . In his guilty plea , he admits to only obstruction of justice ; the more serious charges of involvement in a bribery scheme and mail fraud conspiracy were dismissed as part of the deal . "  To me , he is a tragic figure because he had a good career and he threw it away , " said attorney Bill Kirksey . "  He became an embarrassment to the legal community , to the judicial community and , I would hope , to himself . " Kirksey has an axe to grind with DeLaughter . He was one of the attorneys representing the client who stood to gain millions in the case at hand . Kirksey and DeLaughter also trained under the same attorney several decades ago ; Kirksey believes DeLaughter turned his back on everything they learned . "  Bobby DeLaughter betrayed every single oath he ever took . He betrayed the whole system of justice that we live by , " Kirksey said . "  You measure a man by the whole of his life , not part of it . When the measure of the man is that he 's dishonest in the end , then you have to wonder why he did anything in the beginning . " Merrida Coxwell was one of two lawyers who represented De La Beckwith in the 1994 trial . He has known DeLaughter for three decades , first as a defense attorney , then a prosecutor and finally as a judge . "  Quite frankly , I thought he was a very moderate , straight-down-the-line judge , " he said . He was shocked when allegations first surfaced . For a judge to be caught up in such a scandal , Coxwell said , is unfathomable . "  If you ca n't have justice inside the justice system , then it 's no good at all . " Morris Dees , the co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center , represented Myrlie Evers , the widow of Medgar Evers -- the NAACP leader who was gunned down in his driveway on June 12 , 1963 . He says only one man had the guts to seek prosecution in the case when two previous trials years before ended without convictions . "  If Bobby DeLaughter had n't been around , it would never have happened . I can guarantee you that , " Dees said . "  It was the first modern-day prosecution of one of these old civil rights-era murders , and it resulted in the prosecution and convictions of a large number later . " DeLaughter 's bravery in seeking justice in the Evers case , Dees said , makes it tough to swallow his more recent failings as a judge . "  Certainly , when a judge is put in prison and pleads guilty , " Dees said , "  it certainly tarnishes his legal and judicial reputation . " Charles Evers said he will continue fighting for the man who fought so valiantly for his brother . "  We will do whatever 's necessary to help him get over his dilemma , and I 'll say that over and over again . " Evers blasted prosecutors for offering immunity to Ed Peters , DeLaughter 's mentor who avoided jail time even though he was the one accepting illicit payments . "  The man who squealed on him should be going to jail , " Evers said . "  I hope that some day justice will be fair and equal . ... It 's not fair and equal in this case . "	Bobby DeLaughter was hailed as hero after convicting the killer of Medgar Evers DeLaughter is headed to prison after pleading guilty in a corruption probe "  The man has now been destroyed , " says Medgar Evers ' brother DeLaughter 's attorney : "  The penalty he 's paying is enormous "
CNN  -- French prosecutors in Lille asked Tuesday for charges to be dropped against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn over his alleged participation in a prostitution ring , citing a lack of evidence . Strauss-Kahn was among a number charged with aggravated pimping in an investigation into sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in the northern city of Lille . Read more : How DSK 's fall led to Hollande 's rise He did not deny attending the parties , his lawyers said , but he did not know that the young women at the parties were being paid for sex . The case is known in France as the "  Carlton affair . " A judge will decide whether to act on the recommendations of the office of the Lille prosecutor . The prosecutor also asked for charges to be dropped against a second man accused in the case , Jean-Luc Vergin , also on the grounds of insufficient evidence . However , 12 people should be called before the correctional tribunal for acts that will likely be qualified as aggravated pimping , and for a few of them , fraud , abuse of trust and abuse of public funds , a statement from the prosecutor 's office said . Investigating judges filed their 6,800-page dossier with the prosecutor 's office in March this year , two years after the investigation was opened by the Lille courthouse into aggravated pimping charges . Allegations denied Strauss-Khan , a 64-year-old economist , was widely expected to become the Socialist presidential candidate -- until his professional career imploded with an arrest in New York in May 2011 . A New York hotel housekeeper , Nafissatou Diallo , told police that a naked Strauss-Kahn emerged from a room of his spacious luxury hotel suite and tried to force himself on her , at one point dragging her into the bathroom and trying to remove her underwear . Strauss-Kahn alleged the encounter was consensual , but stepped down from his $ 500,000 job at the IMF . A grand jury indicted him on seven counts , including sexual abuse and attempted rape , but prosecutors later dropped the charges after concluding Diallo had lied about some details of the alleged attack -- despite forensic evidence that showed a sexual encounter had occurred . Diallo then sued Strauss-Kahn . The two sides reached a settlement late last year , the details of which have not been disclosed . Last October , a French prosecutor dropped an investigation connecting Strauss-Kahn to a possible gang rape in Washington . The young Belgian woman whose testimony was the basis for the inquiry withdrew her previous statement and said she would not press charges , leaving the investigation with no grounds to continue , officials said . Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape in 2003 against a young French writer , Tristane Banon . But prosecutors said the case could not be pursued because of a statute of limitations . Strauss-Kahn denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France , alleging slander . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn was investigated over sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in Lille Strauss-Khan , a 64-year-old economist , has denied wrongdoing He stepped down as IMF chief in 2011 after sex charges were filed in New York New York prosecutors dropped that case because of questions over his accuser 's credibility
CNN  -- Lawrence G. Foster , former Johnson & Johnson corporate vice president of public relations , died Thursday morning , according to his son , Lawrence G. Foster III . He was 88 years old . Foster was at the helm during the public relations storm in 1982 when seven people died after ingesting poison-laced Tylenol . Foster stepped in to ensure that 32 million bottles of the over-the-counter medicine were removed from shelves . He was lauded for his transparency during the crisis and the example he set is still taught in business and public relations schools . Foster died of natural causes at his home in Westfield , New Jersey , with family present , said his son . "  He was a man of uncommon generosity and faith . I think that summarizes him perfectly , " said his son in a statement to CNN . Foster 's longstanding career with the pharmaceutical company began in 1957 when he was lured to the company under the challenge of building Johnson & Johnson 's first public relations department , according to the Public Relations Society of America . He worked at the company for 33 years before retiring in 1990 . According to his alma mater , Pennsylvania State University , Foster was the recipient of four of the highest awards in public relations : the 1989 Gold Anvil Award from the Public Relations Society of America , for contributions to the profession ; the 1998 Atlas Award from PRSA , for lifetime achievement in international public relations ; the Hall of Fame Award from the Arthur W. Page Society in 1994 ; and the Institute for Public Relations ' Alexander Hamilton Medal for lifetime achievement in 2007 . PR Week magazine named Foster one of the 10 most influential public relations executives of the 20th century . He is survived by his wife , Ellen , and his five children , according to Lawrence Foster III . His son said there will be a funeral on Monday , followed by a private burial in Westfield , New Jersey . People we lost in 2013	Foster led PR efforts during poison-laced Tylenol incidents in 1982 He was lauded for his handling of the crisis ; his methods are taught today Foster was the recipient of four of the highest awards in public relations , alma mater says
Two weeks ago I visited the Africa Village at London 's Kensington Gardens , to appear on a radio show being broadcast from there . After the interview , I lingered , wandering around the national stands , savoring the Nigerian hip-hop that blared from the speakers . I stood in line to receive an inscription -- carefully traced out on paper by a cheerful , elderly man wielding a quill pen -- of my name in English and Arabic . So you can imagine my shock when I heard news of the premature closure of the Village -- fallout of a debt row involving the company managing events at the village , and a key supplier . For me that tragic turn of events symbolizes all that is wrong with sports administration in many African countries . Government funds meant to help Nigeria 's contingent prepare for London 2012 -- a total of $ 14 million , according to Sports Minister Bolaji Abdullahi -- were n't released to the ministry until April , just three months before the opening ceremony . Abdullahi himself was only drafted to the ministry in December 2011 , in an acting capacity ; his substantive appointment was not announced until May . Now I 'm not a sports technocrat , but something in the realm of common sense suggests to me that the Olympics are generally won and lost long before the opening ceremony cauldron is touched by fire . Watch : Games medals versus GDP Nigeria , an unrepentantly heavy trader in the stock market of optimism , went to London the way it likes to travel to global engagements  be they sporting events or climate change summits  -- eschewing serious preparation , expecting the best , and inevitably attracting the worst , which actually varies in degree depending on the amount of good luck in the air . In the end , the opening ceremony march-past turned out to be the high point of our London 2012 performance . From a tally of four medals in Beijing  1 silver and 3 bronze  we dropped into medal-less oblivion in London . As with Nigeria , so has it been with Ghana  Ghana 's last Olympic medal was its Barcelona 1992 bronze in the men 's soccer event  . Kenya , with a much better Olympic record , has also disappointed in London . The east African country , 13th on the medals table four years ago , with a total of 14 medals , all in long-distance athletics  six of which were golds  , dropped to 28th place in London , with 11 medals  only two of which were golds  . From the tales of woe filtering out from the various national camps one might be forgiven for assuming it 's the same set of officials managing the Nigerians , Ghanaians and the Kenyans . Cameroon 's problems are of a slightly different nature -- seven of its athletes vanished from camp two weeks into the Games , presumably envisaging brighter prospects as asylum-seekers than as home-bound Olympians . Across the continent there will be much handwringing and gnashing of teeth in the weeks and months to come . Governments will set up probe panels and probe panels to probe those probe panels . Two years ago , after Nigeria 's disastrous outing at the 2010 World Cup , President Goodluck Jonathan , still fresh in office , fired the football federation board and placed a two-year ban on Nigeria 's participation in international football competitions . The purpose of that ban , according to a presidential spokesperson , was to "  enable us put our house in order and enable us work out a more meaningful way to engage the global stage in terms of football so that this kind of rather embarrassing outcome we had in South Africa will not repeat itself . " Two years on , our embarrassments have grown muscle and wings . Like Usain Bolt recycling his wins with a certainty bordering on the surreal , we have made a spectacle of recycling our sporting failures . Different arenas , same scenarios . I should n't be too negative . It 's perhaps not a totally hopeless situation . In a recent interview a chastened minister Abdullahi was quoted as saying : "  If we want to win and compete sustainably , we have to develop systems that establish clear connection between process and outcome . " Sadly systems are something Nigeria is not very good at or keen on building or sustaining . But for now we 'll have to trust that the reform-minded minister has it all planned out . "  Failure can have a galvanising effect . And , I believe it is easier to deal with failure than to deal with success . This failure is an opportunity to do the right thing , " he went on to say . I bet he knows only too well that failure also presents an opportunity to fail again , and fail worse . Which is where the bulk of Nigeria 's experience lies . Watch : Looking back at London 2012 Abdullahi will have to do several things all at once -- fight mafias and cabals for whom self-enrichment is the pre-eminent sport , enlist private sector funding  long stifled by corruption  on a larger scale , rebuild a comatose school sports , raise the standard of the National Sports Festival , and offer his unconditional support to the Segun Odegbamis and Mobolaji Akiodes and others who , against many odds , and often in spite of the government , are striving to build the next generation of sporting talent . None of these will be easy . If the past is anything to go by , time is not on his side . And this is not only because the countdown to Rio 2016 has started . Since democracy returned to Nigeria in 1999 , we 've had a total of 12 ministers for sport , translating to a new minister roughly every 12 months . Going by that arithmetic , Abdullahi and his lofty dreams already have their expiry date bearing down on them with the speed of Usain Bolt , and the deadly accuracy of Yi Siling . He will therefore be needing large doses of good fortune ; the sort that every now and then transforms an underdog into an Olympic champion .	Closure of Africa Village symbolic of administration failures , writes Tolu Ogunlesi The opening ceremony was highlight for medal-less Nigeria "  We have made a spectacle of recycling our sporting failures , " the African journalist said Nigerian Sports Minister Bolaji Abdullahi will have work cut out for him
ROME , Italy -- Mauro Camoranesi scored with 13 minutes left to earn Juventus a 1-1 home draw with Serie A leaders Inter Milan on Sunday . Julio Cruz is mobbed by team-mates after giving Inter the lead in their 1-1 draw at Juventus . Camoranesi picked up a headed knock-down from substitute Vincenzo Iaquinta before seeing his shot deflect off defender Walter Samuel to leave goalkeeper Julio Cesar helpless . Inter took a first-half lead when Argentine striker Julio Cruz broke Juve 's offside trap and latched onto Brazilian midfielder Cesar 's through ball before firing past Gianluigi Buffon . The result means Inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of Patrick Vieira , Francesco Toldo , Marco Materazzi and Dejan Stankovic ruled out . The defending champions are now two points clear of Fiorentina at the top of the table , with Roma a point further behind and Juventus in fourth place . Earlier in the day , Roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on Inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at Empoli . First half goals from French winger Ludovic Giuly and Matteo Brighi had put the visiting Romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory . But with 23 minutes remaining Ighli Vannucchi reduced the deficit and Sebastian Giovinco snatched an injury time equaliser to deny Luciano Spaletti 's injury-depleted team . Siena snatched a share of the spoils from Parma in a 2-2 draw as Daniele Galloppa scored in the last minute while Napoli needed an injury time goal from striker Ezequiel Lavezzi to deny rock-bottom Reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . E-mail to a friend	A Mauro Camoranesi goal earns Juventus a 1-1 draw with leaders Inter Milan Argentine striker Julio Cruz had given injury-hit Inter the lead in the first half The result maintains Inter 's unbeaten record and moves them two points clear
London , England  CNN  -- Fugitive Raoul Moat , wanted for the shootings of three people in northern England last weekend , died early Saturday after shooting himself , police said . Moat , 37 , shot himself around 1:15 a.m.  8:15 p.m. ET Friday  , Northumbria Police said . No gunshots were fired by police , and Moat was pronounced dead around 2:20 a.m. , they said . A spokeswoman at Newcastle General Hospital confirmed Moat died shortly after arriving there . His death brought to an end a week-long manhunt that had the small northern English town of Rothbury on lockdown and dominated national news headlines . Moat , released from prison last Thursday after serving time for assault , allegedly shot and wounded his former girlfriend and killed her new partner last Saturday . He allegedly shot and wounded a police officer the next day . Convinced Moat was hiding in the area , police launched a manhunt focused around Rothbury and found several sites where they believed he had been sleeping . British news outlets reported police found letters at those sites in which he made rambling threats to police . The large-scale search involved a number of police units across Northumbria in northern England , including specialist search teams , armed response units , helicopters and dog handlers , according to police officials . It came to a head Friday evening when police discovered a man fitting Moat 's description near a riverbank around Rothbury , said Chief Superintendent Mark Dennett of the Northumbria police . "  When he was discovered , he was armed , " Dennett said . "  Expert negotiators were brought in to speak to him , and spoke to him extensively for several hours . " Speaking at a press conference Saturday , Temporary Chief Constable Sue Sim confirmed Moat had died after a single gunshot . She said no shots had been fired by police , but that officers had fired a taser . "  Right up until that time police officers were striving to persuade Mr. Moat to give himself up peacefully . During this time , officers discharged a taser . However , this did not prevent his death , " she said . Witnesses described seeing the man , believed to be Moat , with a shotgun-like weapon aimed at his neck while armed police gathered feet away to speak to him . Because police had contact with Moat before he died , the incident has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission , which is standard in such cases , Northumbria Police said . "  While the incident has been brought to a close , we must be mindful of the impact it has had on many lives , " Sim said . "  Our thoughts are with the family and friends of those affected . " British news outlets reported Saturday that police had asked for a media blackout during the investigation because Moat had threatened the public . Among the details they were asked to keep secret was the discovery of a four-hour dictaphone recording in which Moat complained about media coverage of the manhunt , shootings , and his private life . He threatened to harm a member of the public -- perhaps journalists -- for every piece of information he perceived to be inaccurate , CNN affiliate ITN reported . Police were concerned that reports could anger Moat and trigger further violence , the Press Association reported . Police also asked for stories already published about his personal life to be removed from news websites , the PA said . They included stories about Moat 's mother , Josephine Healey -- who had n't seen her son in years -- saying he would be "  better off dead , " the PA said . In messages posted on his Facebook page after his release from prison , Moat said he was upset that his girlfriend was with a new partner , according to British news outlets . "  Just got out the slammer , " Moat wrote Friday morning , according to Channel 4 News , which said it had been given access to Moat 's page . Eleven minutes later , Moat wrote , "  Lost my business . Kids to  social  services . Gon na lose my home and lost my mrs of nearly 6 years to a copper . How did a guy who had it all end up in this situation . " Police later said the man Moat killed -- his ex-girlfriend 's partner -- was not a police officer . The most recent pictures police had of Moat were taken on surveillance cameras as he shopped at a building supply store on Friday evening . Moat 's ex-girlfriend and the wounded police officer remain in the hospital .	Raoul Moat was wanted in the shooting of three people last weekend He was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at a hospital Moat had been on the run for a week
CNN  -- More than a week after the swine flu outbreak rattled the world , with cases of infected people popping up from Mexico to South Korea , the new virus strain has shown up in a herd of swine . Masked workers push food to a sealed-off hotel in Beijing where Mexican nationals are being quarantined . The catch , Canadian officials say , is that the animals may have caught the flu from a human . Canadian officials are quarantining pigs that tested positive for the virus -- scientifically known as 2009 H1N1 -- at an Alberta farm in what could be the first identified case of pigs infected during the recent outbreak . They said the pigs may have been infected by a Canadian farmer who recently returned from a trip to Mexico , the epicenter of the outbreak that has sickened more than 680 people . The farmer "  may have exposed swine on the farm to an influenza virus , " said Dr. Brian Evans of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency . "  We have determined that the virus H1N1 , found in these pigs , is the virus which is being tracked in the human population , " he added . Learn about the virus " Evans and other officials said it is not uncommon for flu viruses to jump from humans to animals and that it does not pose a risk for consuming pork . The number of pigs infected was not disclosed . The infected farmer had flu-like symptoms and is recovering , Evans said . Meanwhile , as the number of confirmed swine flu cases reached 787 worldwide , the World Health Organization said Sunday it had started distributing 2.4 million doses of a common anti-viral drug to 72 nations . So far , 17 countries have confirmed cases of swine flu , the WHO said . Watch latest developments as swine flu sweeps world " Dr. Michael J. Ryan , the WHO director of its global alert and response team , said the doses of the drug Tamiflu came from a stockpile that was donated by Swiss health-care giant Roche in 2005 and 2006 . Roche said it was working with the WHO to prepare for the virus . The drug should be taken within 48 hours of experiencing symptoms , according to the drug 's Web site . Mexico has the most confirmed swine flu cases , with 506 infected people and 16 deaths , the WHO said . Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova Villalobos reported that the country has confirmed 421 cases and 19 deaths . Several other countries , including Canada and Italy , had confirmed additional cases that had not yet been added to the WHO 's total . The United States has the second-highest number of confirmed cases , with 160 sickened and one death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the WHO . President Barack Obama spoke with Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Saturday afternoon to discuss both countries ' "  efforts to limit the spread of the 2009 H1N1 flu strain and the importance of close U.S.-Mexican cooperation , " the White House said in a statement . Other than Mexico and the United States , the WHO confirmed cases in 14 other countries : Canada , with 70 ; the United Kingdom with 15 ; Spain with 13 ; Germany with six ; New Zealand with four ; Israel with three ; France , with two ; and Austria , China , South Korea , Denmark , the Netherlands , Switzerland and Costa Rica , each have one . See where cases have been confirmed " Ryan said the WHO was still preparing for a pandemic . "  At this point we have to expect that phase six will be reached , " he said , referring to the organization 's highest pandemic threat level . "  We have to hope that it is not reached . " And he noted that a pandemic describes "  the geographic spread of the disease , not its severity . " The latest developments come as parts of Asia discovered they were not immune to the spread of the virus . Hundreds of guests and staff were under quarantine in China after health officials determined that a hotel guest had contracted the H1N1 virus . Nearly 200 hotel guests and 100 staff members were ordered to stay in Metro Park Hotel in Hong Kong for seven days to stop the spread of the H1N1 virus , a government spokesman said . The quarantine was ordered after a 25-year-old Mexican man stayed in the hotel and became sick , according to the spokesman . It is the first confirmed case of the virus in Hong Kong , local medical officials said . South Korean officials on Saturday confirmed their first case -- a 51-year-old nun who recently traveled to Mexico for volunteer work .	Pigs in Canada may be first in recent outbreak to test positive for virus One-third of 160 sick Americans visited Mexico or had contact with visitor WHO reports 787 confirmed cases of H1N1 virus in 17 countries
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Pro-Russian separatists in the eastern Ukraine city of Donetsk dug in Friday despite an international deal aimed at being a key first step in resolving a crisis that has threatened to devolve into civil war . The separatists ' self-declared leader , Denis Pushilin , said it is those aligned with the Kiev-based national government who should vacate all public buildings , not the militants in Donetsk . Pushilin , the head of a group called the Donetsk People 's Republic , addressed reporters on the heels of an agreement Thursday between officials from Ukraine , the United States , the European Union and Russia . Among other things , that deal calls for amnesty for anti-Kiev factions provided they give up their weapons and leave government buildings . But separatists in eastern Ukraine have not signed on nor indicated they intend to , unless the pro-Western government in Kiev steps down . "  Lavrov did not sign anything for us , he signed on behalf of the Russian Federation , " Pushilin said Friday , referring to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . Instead of any such agreement , Pushilin has pushed for a referendum by May 11 to ask residents whether they want sovereignty from Ukraine . This step may be popular with those who view Ukraine 's interim authorities -- who took power in February after the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych , who some saw as too closely aligned with Russia -- as illegitimate . Ukraine President Olexander Turchynov on Friday criticized the "  factions of communists  who have  refused to sign or even vote on the document " agreed to in Geneva , Switzerland . He and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk urged them to do so , saying in a joint statement , "  We have to do everything possible not to take this treasure of  Ukrainian unity  from our children . " "  We are calling on our compatriots to  reach out  to each other and give up actions aimed at hatred , and come back to  work toward  rebuilding a united Ukraine , " the two leaders said . In addition to groups disarming and returning seized buildings to their legitimate owners , Yatsenyuk and Turchynov spoke of plans to change the constitution , provide "  more powers " and "  necessary financial resources " to the regions and allow for Russian and other languages in addition to Ukrainian . "  We are all different , but we all have one thing in common : We are all citizens of a sovereign and independent Ukraine , " the leaders said . But the key to the Geneva agreement is whether Russia can and does use its influence to persuade protesters to comply . Acting Ukrainian Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia told reporters Friday in Kiev that Russia still must prove its intentions in Ukraine are sincere . "  I do n't know the Russian intentions , but Minister Lavrov did promise that they want to de-escalate , so we will see in a few days if it was  a  sincere promise and sincere participation , " he said . Deshchytsia said the Ukraine government 's "  anti-terrorist operation " against the pro-Russian protesters who have taken control of key sites will continue , but its intensity will "  depend on the practical implementation " of the pact . So far the show of force has done little to bring the eastern region back under Kiev 's control . Monitoring mission All sides agreed on Thursday to ask for monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which has a mission in Ukraine , to help implement the measures aimed at easing the crisis . Deshchytsia said there would be a meeting later Friday at the Foreign Ministry with leaders of the mission to discuss the process by which occupied buildings will be handed over . He noted OSCE had "  over 100 monitors " in the country . The European organization released a statement Friday describing the situation in western and central Ukraine as calm , whereas the Lukansk and Donetsk districts were "  tense due to the activity of armed opponents of the central government and Ukrainian special forces conducting a ` counterterrorist operation . ' " The OSCE noted , for example , that the state security service building in Luhansk was occupied . Observers saw evidence of blood , gunfire and Molotov cocktails at a military base in Mariupol . A hospital official indicated five people had been treated for gunshot wounds , and local government officials reported three dead , according to OSCE . This unsettled situation speaks to the drama , tension and challenges for those hoping for a speedy , peaceful resolution . Even as he announced the pact Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry stressed that the proof of the agreement would be in its swift implementation on the ground . "  The job will not be done until these principles are implemented and are followed up on , " he said . Kerry warned Russia could face "  further costs " if the situation does not de-escalate in line with the concrete steps set out in the statement . Ukraine 's leaders must also play their part in calming the situation , he said . Caution , skepticism greet deal His boss , U.S. President Barack Obama , said the hope is that "  diplomacy may de-escalate the situation , " but admitted that is not a given . "  I do n't think we can be sure of anything at this point , " he said at a news conference Thursday . The President added the United States and its allies "  have to be prepared -- potentially -- to respond " to continued efforts by Russia to interfere in southern and eastern Ukraine . Already , he signed off on more nonlethal aid to Ukraine 's military and state border guard service . At the same time , Obama said U.S. military options are still not on the table "  because this is not a situation that would be amendable to a clear military solution . " Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , told CNN 's "  New Day " that the focus now was "  appropriately on diplomatic and economic pressure " rather than military might . "  We 're hopeful about the agreement . Now it 's time for Russia to meet the obligations under that agreement and to help disarm , and to remove from those buildings , those armed militants , " he said . Anti-Semitic fliers in eastern Ukraine denounced Putin : Intervention still an option The emergency talks in Geneva were called amid the spiraling crisis in Ukraine that has seen East-West relations at their most strained since the end of the Cold War . Even as the negotiations in Geneva were under way , Russian President Vladimir Putin made clear in his annual televised call-in session with the Russian people that military intervention in Ukraine remains an option . Moscow denies it has any intention of invading but says it reserves the right to protect Russian speakers in eastern Ukraine . It has warned in the past week that Ukraine is "  on the brink of a civil war . " NATO says Russia has about 40,000 troops assembled near Ukraine 's eastern border . In a story posted Friday on the website of Russia 's state-owned Rossiya 1 , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov acknowledged additional Russian troops were moved close to the Ukraine border "  due to the instability of the political situation . " "  It is a country where they just had a coup , " he said , referring to Yanukovych 's ouster , "  and any country would take measures to provide security . And also we should remember that Russia is an absolutely free country and has a right to move their military . " Putin recently ceded that Russian forces had been active in Ukraine 's Crimea region to support local defense forces , the first time he has acknowledged the deployment of Russian troops on the Black Sea peninsula . Peskov explained that Putin made this decision only after citizens in the majority Russian-speaking peninsula voted last month to align with Russia . "  Crimea was an act of protection of Russian people and their right to have a referendum , " he said . The spokesman defended Moscow and sharply criticized the United States and European Union for their "  hypocrisy " for siding with "  illegal , armed groups  who  won a so-called revolution . " Putin wo n't back down in the face of Western demands and under the threat of sanctions , he said . "  Russia should not be addressed or treated like a schoolgirl with a checklist of things to do , " Peskov said . Ukraine military push appears to lose momentum in the east Diplomats agree on steps to de-escalate tensions in Ukraine Opinion : Is Ukraine about to go nuclear again ? CNN 's Phil Black reported from Donetsk , Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London , and Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Kellie Morgan and journalist Azad Safarov , all in Kiev , contributed to this report , as did Tim Lister and Arwa Damon in Donetsk , and Anna Maja Rappard and Tatyana Drotenko in Atlanta .	NEW : Kremlin spokesman : Troops near Ukraine border due to political instability NEW : He blasts West for hypocrisy , says Russia wo n't be "  treated like a schoolgirl " Protest leader in Donetsk , Ukraine , says Russia did not speak for his group with pact Russia is under pressure to use influence to persuade protesters to leave seized buildings
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin is considered a rising GOP star and the Republican Party 's leader on fiscal and budgetary issues . The chairman of the House Budget Committee was first elected to Congress at age 28 , and later helped launch the party 's "  Young Guns " program to recruit candidates in districts where Republicans lost . Now 42 , Ryan is the architect of the House GOP 's budget proposal , which Democrats compared to an attack on the poor , but Republicans say is intended to save Medicare and rein in spending . The chairman of the House Budget Committee was announced as the running mate for presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney . "  It 's -LSB- Romney 's -RSB- decision months from now , not mine . So why spend my time thinking about it ? If this bridge ever comes that I should cross it , then I 'll think about it then . It 's not the time to think about it , " he told The Wall Street Journal in April . Romney announces Ryan as running mate A native of Janesville , Wisconsin , Ryan earned a degree in political science and economics from Miami University in Ohio in 1992 . He was raised as a Catholic , and worked at a family construction company before getting into politics . He 's known to be an avid hunter and a fitness fanatic . In the House , Ryan is also a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee . He has frequently pushed the Republicans ' "  class warfare " line against President Barack Obama and is a major critic of his signature health reform law . "  If you give us more elected representatives to fix this problem , we will fix this problem in 2013 , " Ryan said in an interview with CNBC . Because he hails from Wisconsin , an important battleground , Ryan 's youthfulness could appeal to a group with whom the president enjoys advantages . Ryan is considered a lightning rod , and his presence on the GOP ticket will fundamentally change the 2012 race . Where does Romney stand on the Ryan plan ? "  It would be a bold choice , " CNN senior analyst David Gergen said earlier of a Romney-Ryan ticket . "  It would be a risky choice . " But there are upsides . Ryan will likely energize a GOP base often suspicious of Romney , and add youthful vigor to the race with his energetic debates and campaign methods . Close friends such as former House colleague Mark Green are adamant Ryan would help across the Midwest . Ryan 's college years "  I think he does get Wisconsin , " Green said . "  But I think more importantly he gets that sort of blue-collar conservatism that I think is at the heart of the Republican Party . " For months , Romney has tried to frame the race as a referendum on the first Obama term , specifically the president 's economic record . Adding Ryan to the ticket would mean no escaping an onslaught of Democratic criticism that the Republican ticket would "  end Medicare as we know it " as Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York is fond of saying . Paul Ryan , by the numbers One ad , by nonprofit political organization Agenda Project , critical of the Ryan budget showed a man pushing an elderly woman in a wheelchair off a cliff , and ended with the tagline : "  Is America beautiful without Medicare ? Ask Paul Ryan and his friends in Congress . " Ryan calls the attacks demagoguery and says Obama has failed to put forward serious proposals to reform costly entitlement programs . This is the "  bold " debate conservatives pushing Ryan want , but other Republicans worry it could steer the campaign focus away from the president and onto GOP proposals . Other potential downsides include Ryan is a House member popular in what was once considered a competitive swing district , but he has never run statewide . He also has no foreign policy experience . Interactive timeline In light of the Sarah Palin 2008 pick , some will question whether the House member is ready to be commander-in-chief . "  He is without question one of the stars of the Republican future over the next 10 to 20 years , " Gergen said . "  Whether he is ready at this moment , only the campaign trail could tell . And he 's going to get , I 'll tell you , he is going to take a real beating . " Ryan is also a policy wonk , a self-described nerd who cut his teeth working for conservatives Bill Bennett and Jack Kemp . Friends say it would be a mistake to underestimate his ambition , or his competitive streak . How do you feel about Romney picking Ryan as his running mate ? Let us know on CNN iReport . CNN 's Phil Gast and John King contributed to this report .	Ryan , 42 , is considered the party 's leader on fiscal and budgetary issues In the past , Ryan has deferred talk of being Mitt Romney 's running mate He is Romney 's pick for VP
CNN  -- Flash floods and landslides triggered by a weekend tropical storm have killed at least 100 people in Vietnam , the country 's news agency said Monday . Vietnamese villagers look at the rubble where 19 houses stood before a flash-flood ripped away the hamlet of Tung Chin in Lao Cai province . Forecasters fear additional casualties as more rain was expected Monday . The floods in the the country 's northern mountain provinces damaged tens of thousands of homes , swept away thousands of cattle and submerged crops , the Vietnam News Agency said . More than two dozen people remained missing . Officials mobilized thousands of rescue workers to look for survivors and to carry relief to the areas hardest hit by the storm . Tropical Storm Kammuri struck the northern provinces on Friday . The southeast Asian country is prone to heavy rainfall during the May through September monsoon season . The resulting landslides and floods have killed hundreds in past years .	Flash floods and landslides kill at least 100 people in Vietnam Disasters triggered by tropical storm Forecasters fear additional casualties
George Zimmerman 's estranged wife said Thursday that while she respects the jury 's not guilty verdict in his second-degree murder trial , she now has doubts about his innocence . "  I believe the evidence , but this revelation in my life has really helped me to take the blinders off and start to see things differently , " Shellie Zimmerman told NBC 's Matt Lauer on the "  Today " show . Zimmerman was referring to the couple 's struggles since the verdict , including an ugly spat earlier this month that resulted in police being called -- and headlines being made . "  I think anyone would doubt that innocence because I do n't know the person that I have been married to , " she said . George Zimmerman was acquitted on July 13 in the death of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman told police he shot the teen in self-defense . Despite her doubts about her husband 's innocence , Shellie Zimmerman said she believes he did not profile the teen , who is black . "  So had Trayvon Martin been white , you think the night would have ended in the same tragic fashion ? " Matt Lauer asked . "  Yes , I do , " she said . Shellie Zimmerman called 911 just days after filing for divorce , claiming her estranged husband punched her father in the nose , took her iPad out of her hands , smashed it and cut it with a pocket knife . She also said the former neighborhood watch volunteer threatened her and her father with a weapon . She stands by that story , despite police saying they never saw or confiscated a gun at the scene . "  I did not see a gun , but I saw -- I know my husband . I saw him in a stance and a look in his eyes that I have never seen before , " she said . "  His shirt was halfway unbuttoned and he was putting his hand in his shirt and saying , ` Please step closer , please step closer , ' so I think that logically I assumed he had a gun on him . " Shellie Zimmerman has not pressed charges but police are still investigating the case . They say it could take months to recover video evidence from the damaged iPad . While she stood by her man through his trial and the months of living "  like gypsies " in the woods leading up to it , she said everything changed after the verdict . "  He just kind of treated me like I was disposable ... after standing by him , " Shellie Zimmerman said . "  He kind of left and I guess kind of went on a victory tour without me , and I thought that I was living a life with him and that we were going to kind of rebuild after all of this ,  but  he had other plans for me . "	Recent events have "  really helped me to take the blinders off , " Shellie Zimmerman says She was referring to the couple 's struggles since the verdict But she says she does n't think the Trayvon Martin shooting was a case of racial profiling
CNN  -- I had an experience recently that reinvigorated my faith in humanity -- and bureaucracy . I 'd left my suitcase in the trunk of a yellow cab in New York City and did n't realize it till 20 minutes later . I did not have a receipt or any way to identify the cab or the driver . I was at the start of a four-day , three-city trip . I was screwed . For almost three hours , various people tried to help me -- two folks at my bank , whose credit card held the only record of the cab ride ; three people at two yellow cab companies based in Long Island City ; a service rep at the New York City Taxicab & Limousine Commission ; people in my office back in Seattle . No luck . As the workday ended , I finally went to the drugstore for some toiletries . My fiancee shipped me some clothes , and I retreated glumly to my hotel room . Then , at 9:48 p.m. , Valerie from the TLC called me . She 'd been working overtime on my case , used GPS records to identify the cab and located and called the cabbie -- and he still had my bag ! He was an African immigrant named George , and he remembered me  or , rather , my crew-cut hair  . He had n't seen my name card under a flap on the backside of the bag and was planning in the morning to ask the TLC to help track me down . I called him -- he was working at his second job . We arranged for him to drop the bag off the next morning . When I thanked Valerie for navigating the system so relentlessly , she insisted she was just doing her job . When I thanked George for his help , he cheerfully said , "  It 's the American way ! " My happy-ending story offers a few lessons . One is obvious : Always , always get a receipt . Another is that New Yorkers , contrary to popular belief and their own callous pose , are essentially nice . But the third , even more deeply contrary to popular belief , is that government is not the enemy . Government is not inherently inept . It 's simply us -- and as defective or capable of goodness as we are . Today , several weeks into the botched launch of Obamacare 's exchanges and several more since the shutdown , the faith of the people in government is weak and weakening further . This trend long predates Obamacare , and its sources are bipartisan . Democrats who favor more active government have tolerated an ever-more complex and impersonal state , while Republicans who want to shrink government love to showcase the breakdowns that complexity -- and GOP-led underfunding -- can bring . What 's striking , though , is that both sides have learned to see and speak of government the same way -- as a disembodied thing , a mechanism separate from citizens . Democrats tend to forget and Republicans like to deny the simple reality that government is nothing more than our best attempt to do certain things together that we ca n't do alone . Like ensure that we are all insured against health catastrophes . Or keep toxic foods out of our babies ' mouths . Or send humans to the moon . Or design smart transportation systems on Earth . When government fails , the proper response is n't fatalism ; it 's activism . The question to ask in the wake of something such as the failure of the healthcare.gov launch is n't why was n't I better served but rather , what could I do to make it better ? To be sure , there are reasons why "  government bureaucracy " is n't a phrase usually said in gratitude . Three times in my luggage adventure , I was abruptly disconnected from the TLC hotline after being on hold a cumulative 45 minutes . After the third time , I felt disillusioned . Sitting there in the midst of a vast uncaring city , imagining that my bag had been stolen and its contents dispersed , I felt awakened to the hard cold world . But when I got the call from Valerie , that cynicism receded -- and so did the victim-story I 'd started to tell myself . Though Valerie was an exceptionally dedicated public employee , she was only part of a web of people -- everyday citizens and workers in government and business -- who 'd come together to solve this particular problem . In the scheme of things , that problem and its resolution were utterly insignificant . But they reminded me that we Americans carry an often unspoken privilege -- the privilege of expecting that things should function as promised and that civic institutions should be trustworthy and responsive . This expectation of a working public sphere does n't prevail in other less healthy societies . My immigrant cabbie George described this willingness to trust , to look out for one another -- to do our part to make complex systems work -- as the American way . But it 's only the American way if we make it so . The cardinal rule of citizenship is that society becomes how we behave . If we behave as if the state is there to serve us perfectly or else be eviscerated , we 'll get a society where citizens forget how to serve , help , forgive or collaborate . Everyone has some say over whether government does well . Finding that voice and claiming that responsibility feels good -- almost as good as finding a lost suitcase . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : I had an experience that gave me more faith in humanity , bureaucracy Liu : Many people helped me after I lost my luggage in a cab in New York City He says one of the lessons he learned is that government is not the enemy Liu : Government is not inherently inept ; it 's as bad or good as we make it
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Beijing said Friday it was "  extremely disappointed " by a Chinese court decision to uphold the eight-year prison sentence of American citizen Xue Feng . "  I am extremely disappointed in the outcome although it was n't completely unexpected , " said U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman . "  We ask the Chinese government to consider an immediate humanitarian parole of Xue Feng thereby allowing him to get back to his family and his way of life . " The geologist , a naturalized American citizens , was convicted on charges of violating state secrets and faces a fine of 200,000 yuan  about U.S. $ 30,400  . Xue has spent about three years in prison since his arrest . University of Chicago 's Dr. David B. Rowley , Xue 's former professor who has rallied for his release , said in July that Xue was languishing in prison on vague charges . "  I find this whole thing just unbelievable in no small part because the rationale is just so thoroughly flawed , " Rowley said . Xue "  has always been a straight shooter , " Rowley said . "  He was not ... a wheeler-dealer type . " He is "  an honest , hard worker and this came as a real surprise to him as well . " Xue was working in China as a leading geologist for the Colorado-based IHS Consulting firm , a global provider of energy-related information , Rowley said , and the information Xue was privy to did not include state secrets . While Rowley said he was not privy to the specific database mentioned in Xue 's indictment , the professor said the pieces of information commonly contained in such databases are not state secrets . "  These types of databases usually contain information related to the petroleum potential of a given area , and that might include what wells already have been drilled and information on the geology and geophysical or underlying structure of these areas . That 's pretty much it , " he said . Xue 's job as a leading consultant for IHS involved acquiring and reselling this type of data , Rowley said . He said that as a petroconsultant , Xue thought he was viewed favorably by the Chinese because he was able to sell to Chinese officials similar data from countries in which the Chinese had drilling interests . Rowley said Xue had resigned from IHS at the time of his arrest and believed that the warnings issued by Chinese officials concerning the database were not issued against him , but against his employers , he said . "  IHS is extremely disappointed at the news and is very sympathetic to the situation . We are continuing to work with our advisors on the issue , " IHS spokesman Ed Mattix at the time of Xue 's sentencing in July . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this story .	The American citizen was sentenced to eight years for allegedly violating state secret laws The U.S. ambassador to China has called for his release on humanitarian parole Xue was working in China as a geologist for a Colorado-based consulting firm
TIME.com  -- Researchers report a breakthrough in generating powerful antibodies that can neutralize HIV . An HIV infection is really an intensive molecular arms race launched from the minute the virus infects a new host . AIDS progresses not because the body is n't capable of fighting off HIV -- it is . But the immune defenses eventually succumb to the virus in the final standoff . Now researchers led by Barton Haynes , director of the Duke University Human Vaccine Institute at Duke University School of Medicine , believe they have found a way to tip the odds in the immune system 's favor . From the moment of infection , the immune system goes on alert and immediately generates antibodies designed to attach to and destroy HIV . And for the first few weeks , these antibodies are successful , eliminating all but a few viruses that remain hidden away from the body 's surveillance systems . These viral stalwarts then mutate to escape detection and start to flourish , expanding until new antibodies are generated to dispatch them . That launches another wave of viral destruction that pushes HIV to mutate yet again , prompting another immune attack , and so on , until eventually the body is n't able to keep up with the virus and pushes out poor , or no more additional antibodies that can neutralize HIV . TIME.com : A newborn may be cured of HIV . Is the end of AIDS near ? That 's the scenario in about 80 % of those who are infected with HIV . But in a fortunate 20 % , this arms race is stacked in the host 's favor , with antibodies that are able to neutralize not just the latest , specific mutated version of HIV but a broader range of viral marauders . Such broadly neutralizing antibodies are the holy grail of AIDS vaccine researchers , who hope to corral these agents in an immunization that can protect against infection . But most attempts to convince the body to churn out these antibodies have n't been successful , primarily because the antibodies take on an unusual shape that marks them for destruction by the very immune system that generated them . In addition , these antibodies can bind to and destroy healthy cells as well as HIV-infected ones , making them a potentially useful but unpredictable partner in fighting the virus . TIME.com : Study explains how the first effective HIV vaccine worked But by carefully mapping the different mutations that HIV generates , and the resulting antibodies made against them in an African patient who is able to produce broadly neutralizing antibodies , Haynes and his colleagues believe they have come up with a way to drive the immune system to preferentially churn out these HIV-fighting immune cells . "  We followed individuals from the time of HIV infection to the time they generated broadly neutralizing antibodies , and mapped and isolated the virus at every step along the way so we now do n't have to guess any more about what induced those antibodies , " he says . "  We have a map on how to recreate the sequential  versions of HIV  that could drive particular antibody lineages . " The work , which was published in the journal Nature , was possible because Haynes had collected and saved blood samples over the course of about three years from roughly 400 patients , starting within weeks of their infection . Researchers found that the first round of broadly neutralizing antibodies generally appeared about 14 weeks after infection , and these were better able to bind to portions of HIV that the virus does n't change as quickly or as frequently . That makes the antibodies useful weapons in attacking the virus ' Achilles heel , and a potentially powerful target for an effective vaccine . TIME.com : Treatment as prevention : How the new way to control HIV came to be "  Now we have a picture of how these antibodies developed , so what we are doing is figuring out how to use them to make a vaccine , " says Haynes . The challenge will be to push the body to pump out these antibodies rather than the more specific ones aimed at the ever-changing portions of HIV . It turns out that most infected people do produce these antibodies , but HIV distracts the immune system into crowding them out with all the subsequent iterations they convince the body to make against the mutating virus . "  We are trying to take an unusual or rare event and make it more common , " says Haynes . TIME.com : HIV drugs may prevent infection in healthy individuals Ultimately , he adds , a vaccine will probably need to generate several of these broadly neutralizing antibodies ; each person tends to make unique versions that have differing efficacy in stopping HIV . But there 's precedent for such an approach , since the antiretroviral drugs that now control HIV infections are used in combination to hit the virus at more than one point in its life cycle . "  The hope is that by mapping individual pathways to generating broadly neutralizing antibodies , we can find some commonalities among people even though everyone is different , and that gives us hope for using these pathways in a vaccine , " says Haynes . "  It 's a huge effort but it looks like it 's going to pay off . " This article was initially published on TIME.com . Anti-HIV antibodies may spur AIDS vaccine development & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Researchers believe they 've found a way to give our immune systems an advantage The immune system could be made to churn out HIV-immune cells There is hope that the discovery could be used in developing a vaccine
CNN  -- Connie Cox avoided bariatric surgery for years . The registered dietician knew how to lose weight -- she had done it time and again , dropping more than 75 pounds before gaining it all back . "  The difficulty was in maintaining that loss , " she says . "  I 'd pretty much given up because it was just so heart-breaking . " Cox realized she could n't do it with diet and exercise alone . She was 5-foot-3 and 293 pounds , and she saw her weight as a professional embarrassment . She decided to undergo a gastric bypass procedure . Within a week after surgery , Cox no longer had to take insulin for her type 2 diabetes . In a month , she was off her blood pressure medication . Over the next several years Cox lost half her body weight , eventually settling at a comfortable 160 pounds . "  Bariatric surgery carries risk , just like any surgical procedure , " Cox says . "  But I decided for me , the risk of staying at 293 pounds was also very high . " Once feared by patients and denounced by primary care physicians , bariatric surgery has become more accepted as research shows it 's not only helping people lose weight , but also reducing their risk for cardiovascular disease and reversing type 2 diabetes . Severely obese adults who undergo gastric bypass lose , on average , 90 pounds in the three years after surgery -- or 31 % of their initial weight , according to a study published today in the Journal of the American Medical Association . Those who have the adjustable gastric band , or LAP-BAND , procedure lose about 44 pounds . Previous research suggests some of these patients will gain back a portion of the weight over time , but the overall health benefits of bariatric surgery are appealing to many struggling with excess weight . "  People lose sight of the fact that the patients are n't just obese , but they 're sick , " bariatric surgeon Dr. Alan Wittgrove says . "  It 's not as easy as just losing weight . " No longer a risky business Twenty years ago , Wittgrove performed the first laparoscopic gastric bypass procedure . It was 1993 , and up until that point bariatric surgery had been done through a large incision in the patient 's abdomen . Doctors had to cut through a thick wall of fat , Wittgrove says , creating an unstable wound that often led to infections , hernias and sometimes death . "  It was big surgery on big patients , " says Dr. Jaime Ponce , president of the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery . "  It really put on a stigma at that time . " Wittgrove 's ground-breaking operation changed all that . More than 90 % of bariatric procedures are now minimally invasive , and in-hospital mortality rates have dropped to 0.10 % , according to a 2011 study published in the Journal of the American College of Surgeons . Ponce says laparoscopic bariatric surgery is now as safe as or safer than gallbladder removal , one of the most routine surgical procedures in America . Fewer risks means less fear for obese patients , Ponce says . In the early 1990s , approximately 16,000 people a year were undergoing bariatric surgery . By 2004 , that number had jumped to 135,985 cases per year , according to the 2011 ACS study . Since then , surgeons have seen a steady number of patients , Ponce says , although early numbers for 2013 suggest another uptick . Physicians are also jumping on board as they see that bariatric surgery is about more than weight loss , Wittgrove says . "  We 're seeing more primary care doctors that truly understand the power of these operations , " he says . "  I think society in general understands that this is the best treatment for metabolic syndrome . " How bariatric surgery works Bariatric surgery works in two ways : by limiting the amount of food patients can consume and/or by preventing patients ' digestive systems from absorbing some nutrients . The procedures also affect the body 's metabolic hormones , such as ghrelin , which stimulate appetite . Most people have heard of the Roux-en-Y gastric bypass procedure , which was developed in the 1960s . With gastric bypass , doctors create a smaller stomach pouch that can hold only an ounce of food and connect it to a new section of the small intestine , bypassing part of that digestive organ . Learning to eat again : Man drops 130 pounds Also popular is the adjustable gastric banding procedure , more commonly referred to as the LAP-BAND . Doctors place the LAP-BAND around a portion of the patient 's stomach to create a smaller pouch , similar to the gastric bypass procedure . This band can then be tightened or loosened via a port below the skin of the patient 's abdomen . Unlike the gastric bypass procedure , the LAP-BAND is reversible . Two other bariatric procedures are also performed in the United States . During a sleeve gastrectomy procedure , doctors remove 75 % of the patient 's stomach , creating a slim tube , or sleeve , that foods travels through . With a biliopancreatic diversion , a portion of the stomach is removed and the remaining tissue is connected to the lower portion of the small intestine . Learn more about the different kinds of bariatric surgery Doctors have discovered that gastric bypass procedures have a nearly immediate effect on patients with type 2 diabetes . The bypass reroutes the intestine , Ponce explains , allowing food to hit a portion of the bowel that stimulates the pancreas , which then produces more insulin . "  Sometimes patients walk out of the hospital without medications , " he says . There is also data showing the sleeve , diversion and band can improve or put diabetes into remission , with varying degrees of success . Treating a disease Earlier this year , the American Medical Association officially labeled obesity as a disease . Many saw the AMA 's decision as a step toward getting health insurance companies to accept bariatric surgery as a viable treatment for metabolic disorders like diabetes . Although stigma around bariatric surgery has been reduced , it still exists , Cox says . "  There 's still that feeling that it 's drastic , that it 's dangerous , " she says . "  Some people call it the easy way out . And there 's nothing easy about having your insides rerouted . " Wittgrove wonders if we 'd have such a negative view of bariatric surgery if obesity was n't viewed as a lazy person 's disease . We would never judge someone going into surgery to have cancer removed , he says , so why do we judge those trying to reverse their diabetes or heart disease ? "  The reality is the 10-year survival rate for some individuals with metabolic disease is less than if they have some cancers , " he says . "  I do n't think  bariatric surgery  is a radical treatment . I think it 's shown to be the best treatment . " If anything shows how perception is changing , Ponce says , it 's the name of his professional organization . In 2007 , the American Society for Bariatric Surgery became the American Society for Metabolic & Bariatric Surgery , acknowledging the impact bariatric surgery can have on metabolic disorders . Researchers around the globe are following bariatric patients to see if the effects of surgery stick . Scientists in Sweden have collected data on 2,000 patients for more than a decade . Nearly 72 % of their bariatric patients were in remission for type 2 diabetes two years after surgery , compared to just 16.4 % of non-surgical weight loss patients . But 15 years later , only 31 % of the surgical patients were still in remission . While the researchers noted that this was still higher than the remission rate for those who had n't had surgery , their results illustrate an important point : "  Bariatric surgery is not a ` one size fits all ' approach to weight loss , " says Dr. Anita Courcoulas , lead author of the new JAMA study . Courcoulas and her colleagues found their results varied widely between patients . More than 70 needed additional bariatric surgery after their first procedure ; three died in the month following a gastric bypass . More research is needed to determine which patients will be the most likely to benefit from bariatric surgery , the scientists say . "  It 's not as predictable as we 'd like it to be , " Wittgrove says . "  It works well in some patients , does n't in others . We do n't really know who 's going to be a successful candidate . " All Cox knows is that she made the right choice for her . She 's been able to keep the weight off successfully for 10 years . "  I was looking at a very shortened lifespan , " she says . "  I have no doubt that I 'm going to live 10 , 15 years longer because I 've undergone this procedure . " Father , son lose 260 pounds after weight loss surgery	20 years ago , Dr. Alan Wittgrove performed the first laparoscopic gastric bypass procedure Now 90 % of bariatric surgeries are minimally invasive , making them safer for patients Approximately 135,000 people each year undergo bariatric surgery Results for these patients vary widely , and doctors are n't sure who will have success
CNN  -- The imprisoned former mayor of Detroit , Kwame Kilpatrick , was charged with sexual misconduct during a visit by his wife on July Fourth , according to a report released by the Michigan Bureau of Prisons . "  A correctional officer observed him touch the wife on her breast , " said Russ Marlan , a spokesman for the bureau . "  All prisoners know it 's against the rules , " Marlan said of such contact . The report states that a correctional officer observed via a prison video feed Kilpatrick touch his wife , Carlita Kilpatrick , on her breast with his right hand in the prison visiting room at Oaks Correctional Facility in Manistee . If found guilty of the misconduct Kilpatrick could lose certain privileges , including a loss of visitations from his wife . According to Marlan , the incident also will be discussed during a parole hearing for Kilpatrick in a year . Prisoners are allowed one kiss with visitors and are allowed to hold hands in photographs . Anything else is considered to be misconduct , the prison spokesman said . "  To many it may seem like not a big deal , but we do have people passing contraband back and forth , as well as children in that room , " said Marlan . Kilpatrick currently is serving a maximum five-year sentence in Michigan for violating probation in a 2008 case against him . That case involved two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from Kilpatrick 's efforts to cover up an extramarital affair . He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer attempting to serve a subpoena on one of his friends in that case . On Tuesday , the former mayor was arraigned in federal court on 19 counts of felony fraud and tax charges . He is accused of using the Kilpatrick Civic Fund -- a tax-exempt fund meant to pay for voter education -- to make cash payments to himself , his family and friends .	Kwame Kilpatrick is serving 5-year sentence in Michigan His wife visited him in prison on July Fourth Prison officials say he touched his wife on her breast The sexual misconduct charge could lead to a reduction in privileges
CNN  -- As scenic drives go , the Monaco Grand Prix is not a bad one . Squeezed into a two-mile circuit looping around the streets of Monte Carlo are views of the world-famous casino , five-star hotels , A-list celebrities and a splash of the azure waters of the Mediterranean Sea . The principality on the French Riviera covers less than a square mile -- just half the size of New York 's Central Park -- but its legendary grand prix weekend packs a sensual punch despite its diminutive size . "  It 's special , " two-time Monaco Grand Prix winner Mark Webber tells CNN . "  You 've got the ocean , the background of the cliffs ... If they ca n't build a nice bit of road in Monaco , where can they do it ? " It 's an unparalleled experience that stimulates all five senses for all involved . Sight From the open cockpit of an F1 car , hitting top speeds of 176 mph , the 22 drivers who line up for Sunday 's race have a unique perspective on Monaco . "  Starting the lap you see the apartments , the five and six-storey buildings around the outside of the track , " explains Webber , who finished his F1 career with world champions Red Bull Racing last season . "  You drive very close to the Casino , the top of the Hotel de Paris then , when you come along the harbor , you know there 's water on the left and boats . "  The drivers do see things from a very different perspective -- if you went around the track sitting on a little skateboard then that is the same height we 're at in the F1 cars . You know all these sights are there but you do n't see much of them . " The squeezed crowd on the sidelines gets closer to the racing action than at any other F1 circuit in the world , and the Monaco GP is almost as famous for people-spotting as it is for the racing spectacle . The four-day weekend attracts a 200,000-strong crowd as racing fans , royals and the rich and famous mingle in Monte Carlo , peering from their pews on hotel balconies and yachts , grandstands and roadsides . Smell Stirling Moss , a three-time race winner in Monaco between 1956 and 1961 , remembered cheekily waving at female fans as he drove around the principality . "  When I won there in 2012 I could literally see the crowd standing up out of their seats in the last few laps , " recalls Webber . "  Another classic thing about Monaco for me was recognizing some of the photographers as they 're standing inside the barriers taking photos . "  There 's been quite a few scenarios when you actually spot someone you know ! On other tracks you do n't see that . " Hearing Racing around Monte Carlo 's elegant , legendary circuit is not just a visual sensation -- the magic of Monaco piques each of the five senses . "  You might get a bit of the salt water , " says Webber , pondering whether there was a particular scent in the Monaco air . "  I actually always thought it was cooler through the harbor section of the lap because you got a bit of a sea breeze -- but maybe that was a driver clutching at straws on a hot race day ! "  The echo in the tunnel is also very unique . The tunnel is quite low so the cars used to be very loud through there . " Touch When it comes to the business of the race weekend -- points and podiums -- it is a racing driver 's instinct for feeling that is the sense that counts the most . An F1 car may have high-tech sensors on every corner funneling information back to the engineering boffins on the pit wall , but no machine can understand what it feels like to grapple with the exacting streets of Monaco from the seat of the world 's fastest racing cars . "  When you 're driving you feel it in your butt , hips and back , " reveals the 37-year-old Webber , who put his body through 217 grands prix before moving to endurance racing in Porsche sports cars in 2014 . "  You also pick up sensations through your hands on the steering wheel . "  You 're constantly putting information in the library in terms of sensation , grip level and how close you can go to the barriers . "  When you get out of the car after a couple of fast qualifying laps in Monaco , your heart rate is probably as high as anywhere it 's ever going to be and you 're sweating a bit more . "  You know what 's at stake , any small error and you 're going to pay a big , big price . " Over the last six decades of the F1 world championship , there have been layout changes to Monaco 's street circuit but the precipitous , narrow racing roads remain largely unchanged . The odd drain cover and fence might have been replaced but , unlike the purpose-built racing circuits in Bahrain and Texas , there are no runoff areas or pace-slowing pools of gravel traps . If a driver loses concentration , he can find himself in the wall or following Albert Ascari 's fabled 1955 dip into the Mediterranean . Even the fearless Ayrton Senna -- who won the Monaco GP a record six times -- admitted to reeling in his racing instincts around Monte Carlo . The Brazilian , who was killed in a crash at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , famously spoke of entering a trance-like state as he attacked the Monaco track . "  I felt the circuit was no longer really a circuit ... I suddenly realized that I was over the level that I considered reasonable , " Senna said after dominating qualifying at the 1988 Monaco GP , though he spun out late in the actual race while leading . "  I think every racing driver can try to relate to what he was talking about , " Webber says . "  He did some laps round there which were two seconds clear of the field , which is unheard of . "  But at Monaco , more so than anywhere , the most important thing is the next corner , so all of your energy and concentration to get the car on the limit through the next corner is incredible . "  It 's going to drive you to that narrower focus point that Ayrton touched on a lot around there , because that 's what the track demands . "  Physically Monaco is not that draining but mentally it is massive . " Taste Each year , the ability to master the senses in Monaco rewards one driver with the sweetest sensation of them all -- quaffing champagne from the top step of the podium . "  I 'm not big into the red carpet stuff , " Webber says with a dose of his down-to-earth Australian understatement . "  But Monaco is up there for us as drivers and as race teams . "  You have the victory champagne on the race track , which is brilliant . We spray the champagne over the mechanics , whoever 's in sight . Generally we try to spray the police but they 're a bit serious so we give them a nudge . "  Then we spray the car and the track . It 's how it should be , in my opinion . A lot of traditional things have been lost but Monaco still has those in abundance . "  To win in Monaco is certainly worth a few victories . There are a few guys who 'd like to have that one -- and it 's certainly a proud moment for me . " The Monaco Grand Prix remains one of the most challenging races for any driver but , odd as it may seem , the F1 cockpit offers a form of escapism . With charity football matches and fashion shows to attend , not to mention catching a skiff from one side of the harbor to the other , the drivers are in danger of sensory overload . "  The first thing that hits you at Monaco compared to other tracks is how claustrophobic it is , " adds Webber , who chose not to join peers such as Jenson Button , Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in making Monaco his home . "  It is a bit of a zoo because it 's such a small area and you have so many people there . "  There are some quiet areas . On a Friday I always went for a ride on my bike and got away from Monaco altogether . "  It 's difficult to explain to people who have n't been there , but you 've got to have tried pretty hard to get away from the chaos . " It may be the slowest , shortest , smallest grand prix of the year , but when it comes to epicurean delights and distraction Monaco remains F1 's crown jewel . Interactive : Experience the thrills of Monaco	Monaco is the only F1 race in motorsport 's prestigious "  Triple Crown " Two-time winner Mark Webber says fans are so close drivers can see familiar faces Australian says drivers feel the track in "  butt , hips and back " at Monte Carlo "  It is a bit of a zoo , " says Webber of showpiece race , which attracts rich and famous
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A top Mexican drug cartel suspect has been arrested along with 12 accomplices , including five women , federal authorities said . Police guard suspected members of the Beltran Leyva cartel after they were arrested in a 2008 raid . Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra , known as El Nito and believed to be a top lieutenant in the Beltran Leyva cartel , was arrested Monday at an airport in Nuevo Leon state , said the Mexican National Defense secretary . Along with the suspects , officials said they also confiscated a Cessna 550 airplane , two cars , a large quantity of drugs and cash , firearms and a hand grenade . Soldiers acting on an anonymous tip arrested the eight men and five women , including one minor , National Defense said in a release Tuesday . Authorities said they confiscated 40,680 pesos  U.S. $ 3,150  , $ 29,385  379,507 pesos  , 13 packages of marijuana weighing 13 kilograms  29 pounds  , three computers and 28 cell phones . The Beltran Leyva cartel is one of the top drug organizations in Mexico , allied with the Gulf cartel in its battle against the Sinaloa organized crime syndicate . The Beltran Leyva group was formerly allied with the Sinaloa cartel , considered the largest drug-trafficking organization in the nation . The two other major drug organizations in Mexico are the Juarez and Tijuana cartels . According to media reports , someone alerted authorities when a tipster noticed heavily armed men waiting at the airport in northern Mexico . Ibarra was on a flight back from a baptism in Acapulco at which drug cartel chief Arturo Beltran Leyva had anointed him with the top post in Nuevo Leon , the news reports said . A published photo of Ibarra after his arrest shows him wearing a long-sleeved printed shirt and blue jeans , a forlorn look on his face as he gazes off to the side . Ibarra , 33 , was the second top suspect from the Beltran Leyva cartel arrested in recent weeks . In March , authorities announced the arrest of Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior . " Like Ibarra , he was arrested in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state , along Mexico 's border with the United States . Mexican officials also have recently announced the arrests of several other high-ranking cartel suspects as President Felipe Calderon wages a battle against a drug trade he says killed 6,500 people last year . About 2,000 more Mexicans are believed to have been killed this year . In April , authorities announced the arrest of Vicente Carrillo Leyva , a suspected leader of the Carrillo Fuentes drug cartel . A couple of weeks earlier , officials said they had arrested Sigifredo Najera Talamantes , a drug-trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers . Talamantes , also known as "  El Canicon , " also is suspected in attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex agency said . That same week , the Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant .	Suspected top Beltran Leyva cartel lieutenant arrested at airport in Nuevo Leon 12 more suspects arrested ; airplane , cars , drugs , cash , guns confiscated Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra , aka El Nito , arrested on his way back from a baptism
CNN  -- Severe weather brought damaging winds across much of eastern North Carolina , officials said Friday evening . "  It 's dark , rainy and dangerous , and the roads are flooded , " Julia Jarema , a North Carolina Division of Emergency Management spokeswoman , told CNN . Numerous tornado warnings and watches were in effect for Beaufort , Edgecombe , Greene , Halifax , Martin , Pitt and Wayne counties over the course of Friday afternoon and evening , the National Weather Service warned . There were unconfirmed reports of tornadoes . "  There are no reports of any injuries in any of the counties , " said Jarema . Tornadoes , hail and high winds may break out in the central and southern Plains this weekend before moving eastward into the Mississippi River Valley and Southeast early next week . There 's a slight risk of this severe weather Saturday in south Nebraska , central and east Kansas , west Texas and most of Oklahoma , CNN meteorologists reported . On Sunday , there 's a moderate chance of that weather in northeast Texas , southwest Arkansas and southeast Oklahoma . Little Rock , Arkansas , for example , has a 70 % chance of severe thunderstorms Sunday night , with 1 to 2 inches of rain possible , according to the National Weather Service . On Monday , the weather system will move east into the lower Mississippi and Tennessee River valleys , CNN meteorologists reported . The chance of rain is 80 % Sunday night in St. Louis , the weather service said . Nashville will see a 70 % to 80 % chance of rain Sunday night to Monday night , with the possibility of 25-mph winds . Folks in Memphis , Tennessee , should keep their umbrellas handy : The chance of rain is 60 % to 70 % Sunday through Tuesday . On Tuesday , the storms are expected to spread across the Southeast and affect Atlanta , New Orleans , Birmingham , Alabama , and Louisville , Kentucky . The weather service foresees a 60 % to 70 % chance of rain in Birmingham and Atlanta , but no high winds are predicted . CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report	NEW : Damaging winds bring tornado warnings across eastern North Carolina Severe weather system to start in Plains , expected to move east Little Rock , Arkansas , has a 70 % chance of severe thunderstorms Sunday night Nashville also may see 25-mph winds
Financial Times  -- When Guo Shuqing became China 's top securities regulator in October , investors hoped that he would bring a reformist zeal to the job that would help break the stock market 's two-year losing streak . They were right about the zeal but wrong about the impact on the market . Barely a week has gone by without the regulator announcing another new measure to improve the functioning of the country 's beleaguered market . But after a brief climb upwards , the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index is down nearly 13 per cent since Mr Guo took office . It is premature to dismiss his reforms as a failure . Over the longer term , analysts say that Mr Guo 's reform programme is putting the Chinese stock market on a more solid footing , helping to ensure that it will serve as an important channel for direct financing in an economy that has long been overly reliant on banks for credit . In the short term , the main problem is straightforward : China 's economic weakness . As Chinese companies report their first-half results , there should be little doubt about why the stock market has struggled this year . "  Forecasts of company earnings have been continuously revised downward since the beginning of the year , " Ivy Pan , an analyst with ABN Amro Private Banking , wrote in a recent note . Profits at industrial groups slid 2.2 per cent in the first half , sharply down from a 29 per cent gain in the same period last year , according to the national statistics bureau . The government has started to loosen policy , cutting interest rates twice and encouraging banks to lend more to infrastructure projects . However , compared with late 2008 when it unveiled a mammoth stimulus package , Beijing has been much more tentative this time around and liquidity remains relatively constrained . Given the bleak corporate backdrop and the muted policy support , a stock market rally this year would have been surprising and divorced from the fundamentals of the economy . For Mr Guo 's part , analysts say it is reassuring that he has not been sidetracked by concerns over market weakness . One episode highlighted this point last month . Retail investors , who account for about three-quarters of the daily turnover in the Chinese market , launched an online petition that attracted nearly 10,000 signatures in two weeks . Their aim was to get the regulator to halt initial public offerings , believing that a cap on the supply of new equities would give a lift to the market . "  Behind every retail investor , there stands a family that has been deeply hurt by the endless IPOs and the poor performance of stocks , " the petition read . The China Securities Regulatory Commission had halted IPOs in late 2008 after the market crashed , so there was a precedent for such a move . But this time it issued a rebuff . "  Based on previous experiences , suspension of IPOs does n't help improve the market environment in any substantial way , " the investor protection bureau said in a statement . Another indication of Mr Guo 's commitment to press on with reforms even at the risk of hurting sentiment has been his focus on devising a better system to delist shares . One of the oddities of the Chinese stock market is the more than 150 shares that have ST before their company name . ST stands for "  special treatment " and it means that a company has made losses for two consecutive years . Although mere shells of companies , they have hung around on China 's main board and continued to suck in money from investors taking a punt . To stop this from happening , the securities regulator plans to put a 1 per cent ceiling on how much an ST share can rise in any given day and also to force persistently weak stocks to delist . Investors are struggling to digest these changes , but ultimately , they will improve the overall quality of the market , says Liu Fei of Fuli Investment Consultancy . Not all of Mr Guo 's moves have been tough medicine for the market . Some have been aimed precisely at boosting short-term investor confidence . He has called on listed companies to increase dividends . Over the weekend , the securities regulator announced that it would cut transaction fees on stock trading by 20 per cent . With the Shanghai Composite Index up for three straight days , a rare winning streak in recent months , some believe the market might have finally found a bottom . Chen Ruiming , an equity strategist at Haitong Securities , a domestic brokerage , disagrees . He believes that economic worries will push Chinese stocks lower again in the coming months . But beyond that , he is optimistic that the regulator is finally getting it right . "  The stock market will only play a more and more important role in allocating capital and raising financing in China . The government is very focused on this , " Mr Chen says . "  This is the big direction , the big trend , and it wo n't change . " Additional reporting by Emma Dong  The Financial Times Limited 2012	Investors had high hopes when Guo Shuqing became China 's top securities regulator in October There are almost weekly new measures to improve the functioning of the country 's beleaguered market Still , the Shanghai Composite Index continues its more than two-year slide Analysts : Over long run , Guo 's reforms will put Chinese market on solid footing
Dali , Guizhou  CNN  -- Wandering through this remote village nestled among ancient forests and bamboo groves in China 's poorest province , it 's easy to imagine that life here has changed little over the centuries . Along narrow pathways shaded by the tiled eaves of wooden houses , men deftly balance bamboo carrying poles laden with chillies grown in fields nearby , while women wearing traditional indigo shirts pound dirty laundry in the river . But change is coming to Dali , a village of 300 households in the southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou . In January , the village , along with 20 others in the region , was added to a list of sites that China 's leaders believe should qualify for world heritage status -- a step that could put the tiny settlement on a par with The Great Wall or Egypt 's pyramids and transform it from a sleepy backwater to a tourist magnet . It 's a big opportunity for villagers like Shi Tao , a 25-year-old migrant worker , who is home for the birth of his first child . He 'd like to open a guesthouse to cater for the expected visitors . "  We 'll make more money if tourists come , " he says , cradling his sleeping newborn . But for now he must leave his family and head back to the southern Chinese factory town where he makes electronic components for 3,000 yuan  US$ 490  a month . Untouched charm As rapid urbanization threatens much of China 's rural heritage , tourists will no doubt fall for Dali 's untouched charm . At its core is a pagoda-like structure known as a drum tower sitting in a square where villagers dry their crops on rectangles of tarpaulin . The river that winds through the village is crisscrossed by covered wooden bridges where village elders gather to smoke pipes and enjoy the breeze . The river also feeds an ancient water system with separate pools for washing vegetables and laundering clothes . Its poverty and far flung location mean that the three story houses are built from local timber , unaltered by modern construction materials , and in a traditional style unique to the region . "  It 's a classic example of mountain village architecture , " said Wang Hongguan , the director of the Guizhou Provincial Bureau of Cultural Heritage that is behind the world heritage bid . "  They warrant proper protection so I hope they can be inscribed as world heritage sites as soon as possible . " A final decision is made by UNESCO , a U.N. body , which has to decide whether the site is of outstanding universal value . According to the state-run People 's Daily , in 2005 China had about 5,000 ancient villages like Dali but by June 2102 this number has decreased to less than 3,000 , swallowed up by China 's rapidly expanding cities or emptied as villagers leave in search of better prospects . It 's a trend that 's likely to continue as China 's leaders push urbanization as a solution to slowing economic growth . Tourism costs Despite their enthusiasm , few of the villagers grasp what attaining world heritage status might involve given the advent of mass tourism in China . Tang Shoucheng , the village chief of Xijiang , a picturesque village four hours ' drive away , is well qualified to chronicle its highs and lows . Since the village was earmarked for tourist development in 2008 , incomes have surged , with 10,000 visitors a day clogging the narrow streets each day during peak season . Residents receive an 18 % share of the 100 yuan  US$ 16  ticket fee to enter the village and the arrival of tourists has created new business opportunities that have enticed people back from factory jobs in more affluent regions . But Tang says that the economic benefits have been uneven . Villagers like him , who live on the hilltop away from the main commercial street , complain they make less money than those who have shop fronts and live closer to the main commercial street . Development has also taken its toll on traditional village life . Once the most important man in the village , Tang says the villagers do n't respect traditional relationships anymore . "  Now people only recognize money , " he says . "  In the past , if you were from the same village , you would always help each other out . " It 's a problem not unique to Xijiang . Chinese world heritage sites in Lijiang in the neighboring province of Yunnan and Pingyao in northern Shanxi province have seen locals move out and karaoke bars move in . "  Over-commercialization is a valid concern , " said Wang , who decided to remove Xijiang from China 's tentative world heritage list because of the unbridled tourist development . "  The reason why these places failed is because of the desire for economic development -- culture has become a commodity and people approach it in a degrading way . " Balance It 's no easy task to balance a desire for economic development and heritage preservation , says Han Li , China director of the Global Heritage Fund , a U.S. NGO . It has partnered with the bureau of cultural heritage to evaluate Dali and come up with a management plan for the village that , if successful , would be adopted elsewhere in the province . The organization jumped at the opportunity to undertake planning and conservation work in Dali before tourists arrive in any significant numbers . Tourism at some of GHF 's other projects in China , where the organization was brought on board after the sites were awarded UNESCO status , was not well controlled , said Li . She is encouraged by the attitudes of local officials , who appear keen to make sure Dali does not turn into a tourist trap . "  Heritage sites can bring income and development . Our challenge is to find a way to manage this process in a way that does n't jeopardize the heritage and the traditional way of life , " says Li . At a meeting in Dali 's schoolhouse , village elders , some wearing the faded Mao suits of China 's past , welcome the early plans for the village 's future -- a wider road , a commercial area for hotels and a museum , plus upgrades to their homes . Snacking on watermelon , few expressed doubts about the pending changes . "  We want to preserve our way of life but progress is important too , " said Yang Zhou , who wants to find a way for his two children to grow up and stay in the village .	Remote village earmarked to become world heritage site Locals welcome opportunity to improve livelihood Rapid urbanization threatens much of China 's rural heritage Fears traditional village life wo n't survive onslaught of mass tourism
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tam Chi Tat has driven his bright red taxi for 20 years . Born and raised in Hong Kong , he calls himself not Chinese but a "  Hong Konger . " The distinction is very important to him . "  The difference between Hong Kong and the mainland is that we grew up in a relatively free environment , " he says . Relative freedom rings in this metropolis on the southern tip of China . There 's freedom of assembly , freedom of the press and rule of law . Since the handover from Britain to China 17 years ago , the people of Hong Kong were granted a wide range of civil liberties and a measure of autonomy under the governing principle known as "  one country , two systems . " But many say that way of life is now under threat as Beijing affirms its "  comprehensive jurisdiction " over Hong Kong in a white paper issued by the State Council Information Office . Many in Hong Kong consider the white paper an abrupt missive from Beijing declaring that they call the shots . Political muscles Albert Ho is a member of Hong Kong 's Legislative Council and organizer of Occupy Central -- a movement of pro-democracy activists who have threatened to "  occupy " the central business district if their calls are not heard . He tells me this is the message from Beijing : Hong Kong is subordinate to the central government . "  And when the time comes -- if it 's necessary and appropriate -- all the powers previously given , dedicated and authorized to Hong Kong , could be taken back , " Ho adds . China 's political muscle flexing comes at a politically sensitive time for the territory , as scores of Hong Kongers demand true universal suffrage to elect their leader . The National People 's Congress has said that the election of Hong Kong 's top leader may be implemented by universal suffrage in 2017 . But will it happen without Beijing effectively screening the candidates ? As a hint of what will happen in 2017 , Michael DeGolyer , professor and director of the Hong Kong Transition Project , points to how patriotism is emphasized in the white paper . "  Clearly they are saying that  patriotism  is the fundamental requirement , " DeGolyer says . "  And we have to be assured whoever is being nominated to run is patriotic , according to our definition , i.e. willing to follow orders . " Standing ground On July 1st in Hong Kong , tens of thousands of protesters -- if not more -- demonstrated for a free and open system to elect their government . After the march , more than 500 protesters were arrested at an illegal sit-in -- including Albert Ho . Prior to his arrest , the pro-democracy lawmaker told me he was willing to go to jail to expand democracy in Hong Kong "  because we have to make it absolutely clear to Beijing that they have to honor their promises given to the Hong Kong people . " But is civil disobedience the only way forward ? Douglas Young is Hong Kong-born designer and co-founder of Goods of Desire , a retail business and lifestyle brand that draws inspiration from local icons from old mailboxes to mooncakes . Over the years , Young has courted controversy -- and the attention of Hong Kong police -- with a few eyebrow-raising designs . And yet the rebel designer believes persuasion -- not protest -- should shape the future of Hong Kong . Young addresses Albert Ho point blank : "  I think you are going to create more enemies than supporters . " "  At the end of the day , especially in an Asian society , I do n't think people react well with aggression . It 's soft power , it 's persuasion , that can appeal to them . " True freedom Like many other business owners in Hong Kong , Young believes demonstrations should take a backseat to dialogue with China to bring about more opportunity . "  We should integrate with China , " Young says . "  Kids will be able to build their homes and businesses because what we suffer from is the lack of space in Hong Kong . " "  If we can embrace Guangzhou , Shanghai , Dongguan and Macau , Hong Kong will be a great metropolis . " But , as Albert Ho points out , such opportunity requires both sound infrastructure and sound governance . "  We need good government , " Ho tells me emphatically . "  And that must be based on a truly democratic government . " Hong Kong taxi driver Tam Chi Tat wants his vote to truly count one day . "  I definitely want universal suffrage , " he says . "  So that we can have a leader who is not as corrupt as mainland officials . " It 's the aspiration of a people raised on freedom . But true universal suffrage anywhere on Chinese soil is not something Beijing will easily grant .	Hong Kong governed by China under "  one country , two systems " model allows the territory more freedoms than the rest of the country The election of Hong Kong 's top leader may be by universal suffrage in 2017 But will it happen without Beijing screening the candidates ? Hong Kong resident : "  I definitely want universal suffrage so that we can have a leader who is not as corrupt as mainland officials "
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- So , what 's harder , steering a space shuttle or out-machoing Tom Cruise on the set of "  Top Gun " ? Scott Altman is commander of the current space shuttle mission to upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope . Scott Altman laughs when he answers the question . "  Flying a space shuttle is a little more challenging than what we did in the movie , although the flying was a lot of fun , " said Altman , who knows more than a little about both . The retired Navy F-14 fighter pilot is the commander of the current space shuttle Atlantis mission to repair and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope . He also doubled for the actors , including Cruise , during the Southern California shoot of the 1986 hit movie . Then a young pilot , Altman had just gotten back from a 7 1/2 - month tour onboard an aircraft carrier when he got the "  Top Gun " call from his commanding officer . "  The skipper of our squadron picked four guys he thought he could trust to have this kind of carte blanche to break the rules a little bit , " Altman said . That included a scene in which a brazen Navy pilot buzzes the base 's control tower . That would never happen in real life , Altman said . The movie features Cruise as a young naval aviator , Pete "  Maverick " Mitchell , selected to attend fighter-pilot training school at the then-Miramar Naval Station north of San Diego . To prepare for the film , Cruise flew in the backseat of an F-14 several times , including once with Altman . "  The actors were all pretty easy to get along with . Tom Cruise , for example , was very motivated , " recalled Altman , who is making his fourth trip into space this week . "  He enjoyed flying . He listened to what we told him and became a pilot himself after that . " Altman is not one to brag about his flying in "  Top Gun . " The U.S. space agency , NASA , does n't mention his film heroics , either . But Altman is in one of the movie 's most memorable scenes . While flying upside down , inverted , Altman gives an obscene gesture to the pilot of an enemy plane . "  They said go ahead and gesture at the other airplane , " said Altman , 49 , with a smile . "  So when you 're looking at the scene where he 's communicating with the Russian , or the bad-guy pilots in the movie , that would be my finger . " But the flying scenes with the actors did n't all work out as director Tony Scott had hoped . "  The director had to pay $ 7,600 an hour to rent an airplane , " Altman recalled . "  But after a week of spending that much money on the airplanes , he decided he could n't use the footage . The actors all looked a little green , he said . " Altman and the other pilots earned $ 23 a day for their trouble . But his biggest disappointment was not getting to see the film as soon as it was released . He and the other pilots were invited to a preview screening , but a commanding officer would not let them go . And by the time the movie hit theaters , Altman was busy . He was overseas , on another seven-month tour of duty .	Ex-fighter pilot Scott Altman is commander of space shuttle Atlantis mission As a young pilot , Altman was a stunt double in the 1986 hit movie "  Top Gun " Altman worked with several actors on the film , including star Tom Cruise Altman on Cruise : "  He enjoyed flying . He listened to what we told him "
Tokyo  CNN  -- In Japan , a country where structure , conformity and security are bedrocks , it is often hard for individuals to break free and follow a more idealized path . It is especially difficult when that path turns out to be somewhat ... eccentric . So we salute Hideaki Kobayashi , who took the courageous step a few years ago of dressing up -- like a 15-year-old schoolgirl . Complete with ponytail , knee-high socks , penny loafers and a cute red kerchief , his outfit is the epitome of Japanese girls ' school uniforms . His thinning white hair and beard , which frame his round , middle-aged man 's face , however , add something a little different to the look . By and large , he 's found that his unusual appearance , which he says makes him "  feel comfortable , " is accepted on Tokyo 's streets . Now a patent-holding computer engineer , an accomplished photographer and presumptive music producer , Kobyashi 's life has n't always been this way . "  When I was in university I majored in mathematics and I was very introverted , " he tells me as people crowd round to take photos -- he poses for up to 100 a day . "  I never talked to people . I feel much more myself wearing this . "  Japan  ese  society is all about conforming to the other people .  Japanese people  feel suffocated conforming to society . " For such a conservative country , the capital does have pockets of individuality , especially around the Harajuku area , where tourists often gather to snap pictures of some of the city 's more out-there residents . Cosplay is a big thing in Japan , and many enthusiasts gather in the neighborhood 's Yoyogi Park to show off their ensembles . But even here , the 51-year-old stands out . Certainly Kobayashi 's style is unique , and draws a lot of attention , even in Harajuku . He tells me that it took him two hours to walk from Shibuya 's famous crosswalk to the neighborhood , usually a 15-minute stroll , because of all the people stopping to take photos with him . "  Comfortable , relaxed and happy " Lola Fantappie , a tourist from California , encountered Kobayashi in the Akihabara district , the beating heart of Japan 's otaku  geek  culture and no stranger to societal outliers . She says that she was struck by his contentedness . "  He just seemed so comfortable , relaxed , and happy ... I do n't know , embracing life . I think it 's great . " And his unique take on life -- and dress code -- has garnered some unlikely admirers . Waseda Juku , a private tutorial center in Tokyo , might be a far cry from the Japanese public school system , which still largely operates by the old maxim , "  the nail that sticks out gets hammered down , " but still , to draft in an elderly cross-dresser as a motivational speaker is a huge step for a Japanese educational institution . The school 's staff learned of Kobayashi 's many talents , and Alexander Blackhall , an administrator at the school , said they were drawn to the "  rich character behind the facade " as well as the potential this brave man had to teach their charges something about being themselves . "  He  just sends such a positive message , " Blackhall says . "  It 's really useful to young people , particularly here in Japan -- this voyage of self discovery . " Kobayashi calls it the key to a rich and happy life . "  If there  s something you want to do , do that , " he says . ` Be yourself ' Historically , cross-dressing has played an important part in Japanese culture . Onnagata -- male kabuki performers who played the female role -- were , and remain , a staple of the art . A more modern flip-side to this can be found in the Takarazuka revue , an all-female troupe which acts out campy musicals using an all-female cast in the town of Takarazuka in Osaka prefecture , as well a satellite theater in Tokyo . Variety shows on TV here also mine a rich seam of cross-dressing , and it 's common in anime  Japanese cartoons  as well as manga  comic books  . But while men dressing as women is accepted in Japanese pop culture , Kobayashi says that real life reactions can be different -- he says sometimes people shout insults on the street , and notes that he 's been stopped by the police as many as ten times . Despite the negative attention and discrimination , he thinks it 's worth it . It 's still outweighed by the positivity of the throngs of people eagerly posing with him as he skips from Shibuya to Harajuku , and by the kids he 's able to reach with his message of tolerance , and how liberating being a non-conformist can be . He says his story proves you don  t have to be conventional to be accepted . "  That  s my message , " he says . "  Be yourself . " CNN 's Euan McKirdy contributed to this report	Japanese society is generally quite traditional and conservative Following an alternative lifestyle can be difficult , but Hideaki Kobayashi took the plunge a few years ago Dressed as a uniform-clad schoolgirl , he gets a lot of attention , both positive and negative He 's been held up as an example of being true to yourself
CNN  -- This weekend , Morgan Spurlock 's "  Inside Man " gives CNN viewers an inside and in-depth look at the issue of firearms -- as viewed from behind the counter of a gun store . Here are five things to know about the debate : 1 -- There is no debate about the impact of gun violence . In 2010 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tallied more than 31,000 firearm deaths in the United States . Each year , some 55,000 violent deaths occur in the country , costing $ 60 billion in medical care and lost productivity , according to the agency . More than 38,000 people in the country are suicides . But , more than six months after 20 children and six adults were killed in Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , legislative efforts to stem the impact of gun violence have failed to gain traction . "  At this point , nothing is different , " said Dr. Arthur Kellermann , a policy analyst at the Rand Corporation in Washington who has witnessed the power of firearms as a hunter and gun owner and as an emergency room doctor . "  The public 's attention has moved on . " 2 -- Much of what we know is outdated . That 's because , in 1996 , pressure from the National Rifle Association led Congress to cut $ 2.6 million from the budget of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Center for Injury Prevention that had been devoted to finding out what works . To underscore its point , Congress -- in a move led by Jay Dickey , a former gun-rights advocate and Republican legislator from Arkansas -- added this language to the agency 's appropriation : "  None of the funds made available for injury prevention and control at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may be used to advocate or promote gun control . " Congress added the same restrictive language it had imposed on the CDC to all agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services after a National Institutes of Health study concluded that a person carrying a gun was nearly 4.5 times more likely to be shot in an assault than someone who is unarmed . Today , 17 years after the CDC restrictions were put in place , the NRA maintains its position that government research into gun violence is not necessary . "  What works to reduce gun violence is to make sure that criminals are prosecuted and those who have been found to be a danger to themselves or others do n't have access to firearms , " the NRA 's director of public affairs , Andrew Arulanandam , told CNN early this year . "  Not to carry out more studies . " 3 -- But more studies may be in the cards . The Obama administration has signaled it wants to resume such efforts . This month , the Institute of Medicine and the National Research Council laid out priorities for a research agenda to help policymakers better understand the causes and impact of gun violence and how to reduce it . The report says progress can be made in three to five years through research into the characteristics of gun violence , risk and protective factors , prevention and other interventions , gun safety technology , and the influence of video games and other media . The report came after President Obama ordered in January that federal agencies -- including the CDC -- identify the most pressing firearm-related violence research needs and signaled that he wanted to devote $ 10 million per year to the task . How successful will it be ? "  It 's too early to tell , " according to Kellermann . But he worried in a telephone interview that the matter could wind up as a tug of war between CDC and legislators in the House , who are responsible for passing -- or not passing -- appropriations . "  You can see the most highly respected public health institution in the world turn into a rag doll between a determined administration and the equally determined House " majority , he said . "  I 'm just hoping that research will be restarted , " he said . "  Surely we can agree that having a better understanding of effective strategies to reduce gun violence is a worthwhile goal that everybody ought to be able to agree on . " Off the radar of the gun debate , which has focused on assault weapons bans and background checks , has been the fact that community-level strategies have already been shown to lower gang violence in a number of cities , he said . Rather than racing after every 911 call , it makes sense to break the chain of events -- such as illegal gun trafficking , illegal acquisition and illegal carrying -- that often lead to the next 911 call , he said . Focusing police efforts on the highest-risk people and places works , he said . Between 1997 and 2007 , "  Atlanta put that strategy in place and , over a decade , had a 50 % reduction in homicides . " 4 -- If you choose to own a gun , do it responsibly . Whatever one thinks about gun control , anyone who opts to own a gun should store it responsibly . Incidents in which a family member is killed or injured by a gun in the home far outnumber the times when a gun is used to injure or kill an intruder in self-defense , Kellermann said . "  What people must understand is that the gun that is kept loaded and readily available for protection is also readily available to a curious child , to a depressed or upset teen , an angry spouse or a depressed grandparent . " 5 -- Reasons for owning a gun have changed . A national survey published in March by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press reported that nearly half  48 %  of gun owners say the main reason they own a gun is for protection , up from 26 % who gave that answer in 1999 . Less than a third  32 %  cited hunting as the main reason , down from nearly half  49 %  in 1999 . The findings make no sense , since violent crime in the country overall has dropped by 48 % since 1993 , according to Kellermann . Perhaps even more important -- and less understood -- is the evidence that the benefits of keeping a gun for protection are far outweighed by the risks , he said . But those studies are more than 17 years old and out of date , which is why , he said , new research is needed .	Obama is seeking to fund work into how to stop gun violence The NRA says such research is not necessary For the first time , protection outranks hunting as a reason to own guns
Turkish authorities on Friday were investigating suspicious substances or objects at the Canadian , German and Belgian consulates in Istanbul , officials said . Canadian officials reported receiving a letter containing an unidentified yellow substance Friday , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . A person who opened the letter was directly exposed to the substance , and six people nearby may have been indirectly exposed , but no one was exhibiting alarming reactions , a representative of Turkey 's emergency management agency said . Chemical , radiological and nuclear experts were investigating the substance , and as a precaution were decontaminating the area and the seven people , the agency said . Authorities also are investigating security incidents at the German and Belgian consulates in Istanbul , the agency said without elaborating . The Belgian Consulate said that police were investigating a substance found in an envelope that had been sent there . The incident at the German Consulate involves a suspicious object , according to the German Foreign Office in Berlin . The office did n't elaborate about the object , but it said that Turkish authorities had been notified and that no one at the consulate came into contact with the object .	Suspicious items at Istanbul 's Canadian , German , Belgian consulates investigated Report : No one at Canadian Consulate is exhibiting alarming reactions to substance German Foreign Office in Berlin reports a suspicious object at its consulate in Istanbul Belgian Consulate : A suspicious substance found in an envelope is being investigated
CNN  -- The Israeli military fired on militants who were trying to plant a bomb near a security fence in northern Gaza , striking three , the military said . Three Palestinian men in their 20s were killed by the Israeli fire , Palestinian medical sources said . About 100 "  terror-related incidents " happened last year near the security fence in Gaza , the Israeli military said in a statement . Israel blames Hamas , which governs Gaza , the statement said . "  The presence of Palestinian civilians in the area adjacent to the security fence is used by terrorist organizations as cover for their activities , including planting explosive devices , planning terrorist attacks and attempting to kidnap  Israeli  soldiers , " the statement said .	Israel says it fired on militants who were trying to plant a bomb Three men in their 20s were killed , Palestinian medical sources said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A rifle-wielding white supremacist entered Washington 's Holocaust museum on Wednesday afternoon , fatally shooting a security guard before being wounded himself by return fire from other guards , authorities said . Stephen Tyrone Johns was shot and killed while working at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum on Wednesday . Stephen Tyrone Johns , a six-year veteran of the museum 's security staff , later "  died heroically in the line of duty , " said Sara Bloomfield , museum director . Law enforcement sources identified the suspect as James W. von Brunn , an 88-year-old white supremacist from Maryland . He is a known Holocaust denier who created an anti-Semitic Web site called "  The Holy Western Empire . " He has repeatedly claimed "  The Diary of Anne Frank , " a widely read book about a teenage girl 's experiences under Nazi rule , was a hoax . The museum shooting occurred on a day the museum was to stage a play based on Anne Frank and two days before what would have her 80th birthday . Investigators found a notebook in the suspect 's car listing other locations in Washington , a federal official told CNN . It was unclear what purpose the list served . Von Brunn allegedly entered the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum at 12:50 p.m. Wednesday and immediately shot Johns with a rifle , said Chief Cathy Lanier of the District of Columbia 's Metropolitan Police Department . Two other security guards returned fire , according to Lanier and the museum statement . Both Johns and Von Brunn were taken to George Washington University Hospital , said D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty . Johns died at the hospital . Von Brunn was in critical condition , Fenty said . Johns , 40 , was a resident of Temple Hills , Maryland , according to a statement issued by Wackenhut Services Inc. , which has provided security services at the museum since 2002 . "  Obviously there are no words to express our grief and shock over the horrific event that took place at this museum today , " Bloomfield , the museum director , said . Witnesses : ` Panic ' inside museum " She said the museum was closed for the remainder of the day and would remain closed Thursday in honor of Johns . Brunn served six years in prison for trying in 1981 to kidnap Federal Reserve board members because of high interest rates . He blamed his prison term on a "  Negro jury , Jew/Negro attorneys " and "  a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , "  Holy Western Empire . " The Southern Poverty Law Center , which focuses on human rights , said Brunn has "  an extremely long history with neo-Nazis and white supremacists . " A place that stimulates visitors to confront hatred and promotes peace and human dignity , the Holocaust museum on Wednesday became the scene of everything that was opposite . See more photos from the scene " Witnesses described blood on the floor and chaos within the museum 's halls . Visitor Maria Hernandez told CNN she heard five shots and saw the wounded security guard . Watch Maria describe what she saw " "  It was definitely a security guard ; he was down bleeding on the floor , " said Hernandez , 19 . "  He was face down . His back ... blood was coming out . " Sirens blared as emergency vehicles converged on the area , which is near the Washington Monument and other popular tourist attractions . The museum was full at the time , with a "  couple of thousand " people inside , said William Parsons , chief of staff at the museum . See where the museum is located " "  Never take your guard force and security people for granted , " he said . "  They did exactly what they were supposed to do to protect people in the museum . " Law enforcement analyst talks about how this could have happened " Dave Pearson , a sixth-grade teacher in the Washington area , said he was on the museum 's fourth floor when he heard a loud noise . "  At the time , we 're visiting and all of a sudden there 's like a boom , and all of a sudden they told us to stop where we 're at , " he told CNN . "  Only thing we heard was a boom , and that was it . " Watch another museum visitor tell what he saw " An FBI official said there was no prior warning or threat against the museum . In a later statement , the FBI said members of its National Capital Response Squad and Joint Terrorism Task Force are taking part in the investigation . Lanier said the area around the museum was checked by bomb-sniffing dogs as a matter of routine . The shooting sent shock waves throughout the nation 's capital and elsewhere . "  I am shocked and saddened by today 's shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , " said President Obama , who just days earlier had spoken emotionally about the Holocaust when he visited Buchenwald , a former Nazi concentration camp with Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel . "  This outrageous act reminds us that we must remain vigilant against anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms , " Obama said Wednesday . "  No American institution is more important to this effort than the Holocaust Museum , and no act of violence will diminish our determination to honor those who were lost by building a more peaceful and tolerant world . " Israel issued a statement through its embassy , expressing sadness and condemning the attack . Fenty called the shooting "  an extremely isolated incident " in the nation 's capital , which is a major tourist destination . "  In these days and times , you never know when someone is going to grab a gun and use it in an inappropriate way , " he said . The museum canceled a performance scheduled for Wednesday night of a play about racism and anti-Semitism , based on a fictional meeting between Anne Frank and Emmett Till , the teenage victim of a racist killing in the United States . U.S. Attorney Gen. Eric Holder and Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , were among those planning to attend the play , which was written by Janet Langhart Cohen , the wife of former Defense Secretary and U.S. Sen. William Cohen . Langhart Cohen told CNN that Anne Frank 's young life was ended by people filled with hate . She said it was hard to see that same hate manifest itself at this place of remembrance . CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report	Stephen Tyrone Johns died "  heroically in the line of duty , " museum says Suspect is 88-year-old white supremacist , law enforcement officials say Man with "  long gun " entered museum , fired at guard , police spokesman says Security guard and shooter were wounded in exchange of gunfire , police say
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt opens the third round of voting for the lower house of Parliament on Tuesday after Islamist parties performed strongly in the previous rounds last month . The vote is the latest step in a tense and complex process meant to move Egypt toward a more representative form of government after the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak in February The ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has led Egypt 's government since Mubarak 's fall . It has said it will hand over power to a new government once one is in place . But the transition has not been quick or transparent enough for some Egyptians . A series of protests in Cairo last month resulted in violent and sometimes deadly clashes between demonstrators and the country 's armed forces . The unrest appeared to have largely stemmed from a stretch of assaults by police and defiant protests by demonstrators demanding that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government . The authorities have also cracked down on rights groups . The police last month conducted raids on nongovernmental organizations across the country , including U.S. groups that promote democratic institutions and had delegations observing the parliamentary elections . Egyptian authorities agreed to halt the raids and return all equipment and documents seized after protests from Washington , which provides more than $ 1 billion per year in military aid to Egypt . And international election observers are continuing their operations . The former U.S. president Jimmy Carter will visit Egypt next week to participate in the witnessing of the elections , the Carter Center said in a statement Monday . He will join a delegation of 40 witnesses from 21 countries based in Egypt since mid-November to witness the three phases of voting , according to the center . The relatively moderate Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party last month won more than 4 million votes in the runoff for the second round of the process . The conservative Al Noor Salafi Party won more than 3 million . The secular Egyptian bloc won 785,000 . The second round of voting covered the regions of Giza , Luxor , Aswan and Ismailia regions , which have historically favored conservative Muslim candidates . More than 11 million voters participated . Islamists claimed victory in the first round of elections in other parts of the country that took place earlier in December . Final results for the lower house are expected to be announced January 12 . Meanwhile , the ruling military council brought forward the scheduled elections for the upper house of Parliament by nearly three weeks , with voting now scheduled to start in late January , the state news agency MENA reported Sunday . Balloting will be held in two stages instead of three , first on January 29-30 and then on February 14-15 , MENA said , citing a decree from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . If necessary , runoffs would be held on February 7 and 22 , with a goal of having winners seated by February 28 .	Islamist parties did well in the two previous rounds of voting The third round comes after weeks of sometimes deadly unrest in Cairo Protesters want Egypt 's ruling military to cede power to a civilian government The Egyptian authorities have also carried out raids on rights groups in the country
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican federal police in Ciudad Juarez tortured five people to force confessions that they killed an officer and participated in a car bomb attack , the nation 's human rights commission alleged . "  According to information and testimonies received , they were interrogated and tortured with the goal that they admitted guilt in the commission of homicide and that they were members of a gang , " Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission said in a statement Sunday . The commission 's statement described the situation as an "  abuse of power " in the violence-plagued border city . The five people , arrested in August 2010 , should receive reparations from police for human rights violations that require physical and psychological treatment , the commission said . Mexican government officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Ciudad Juarez , which shares a border with El Paso , Texas , has been a hotspot in Mexico 's drug war as rival cartels battle over turf . CNN 's Rene Hernandez and Rey Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Five people "  were interrogated and tortured " to force confessions , officials say Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission says the victims should receive reparations Mexican government officials have not commented on the case
CNN  -- As the death of the first patient diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S. sparks more fears , airports are beefing up screening for people from affected nations . With developments pouring in from all corners of the world , here 's what you need to know to quickly get caught up on the latest : WEST AFRICA No relief in sight : The world 's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed more than 3,800 people , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . The numbers reflect confirmed Ebola cases in Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone and the United States , the WHO said . The virus is affecting medical workers . A United Nations official is being treated in Liberia after contracting Ebola . The unnamed worker is the second U.N. member infected with the virus in Liberia . The first one died last month . A possible $ 32 billion hit : The outbreak could cost the African economy $ 32 billion over the next two years if it spreads to its larger neighbors , the World Bank estimates . The steps some countries have taken to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus amount to "  putting a towel under the door of a building on fire , " World Bank president Jim Kim told CNN 's Richard Quest on Thursday . Complete coverage on Ebola Liberia postpones election : Liberia 's President on Thursday postponed a senatorial election that had been set for next week , citing the Ebola outbreak in the country . The nation 's election commission had recommended the delay , saying that the prevalence of the virus , authorities ' efforts to combat it and citizens ' efforts to isolate themselves were n't conducive to a free and open election . Officials have not yet revealed any new date for the election , which had been set for Tuesday . U.S. troops arrive in Liberia : A group of 90 U.S. Marines and airmen arrived in Liberia on Thursday to help Ebola response efforts , along with four V-22 Osprey aircraft and two C-130 transport planes . Their arrival brings the total number of U.S. troops deployed in Liberia to 334 , military spokesman Lt. Col. Dave Doherty said . And there are more coming . In late October , 700 troops from the 101st Airborne Division are scheduled to deploy to Liberia . Liberian leader a ` bit more confident ' : Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf on Thursday acknowledged the human and economic toll that Ebola has taken on her country since beginning in March and during the ensuing intensifying weeks , before adding , "  We are a bit more confident  now  that our collective response will turn the curve away from the dire projections . " Sirleaf outlined several steps to overcome the crisis . They include a "  more timely and decisive response " to the Ebola crisis , including new testing , treatment and burying centers ; " improving the nation 's normal health care system ; and bolstering the economy overall , including through infrastructure and other projects . U.S. CASES Thomas Duncan dies : Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday , 10 days after he was admitted to Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . His family wonders whether the outcome would have been different if doctors had admitted Duncan to a hospital on September 25 , the first time he showed up with a fever and stomach pain . Duncan 's family has criticized the care he received . The Dallas hospital that treated him says staff members did everything they could . Ebola test negative for Dallas deputy : An Ebola test was negative for a Dallas deputy who was hospitalized with possible symptoms of the deadly virus , officials said . The deputy , Sgt. Michael Monnig , did n't have any direct contact with Duncan but had reported contact with Duncan 's family . Physicians at Texas Health Presbyterian discharged him Thursday , soon after the negative test came back , hospital spokeswoman Candace White said . New travel screening : Five of America 's biggest , busiest airports are beefing up measures . Now , people arriving from the three nations hardest hit by Ebola will get special screening , including having their temperature taken . The airports are : New York 's JFK , Washington Dulles , Newark , Chicago O'Hare and Atlanta international airports . IN OTHER COUNTRIES Spain ramps up response : After a nurse 's assistant in Spain became the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , five people related to the case were being monitored in a Madrid hospital , including her husband , an emergency room doctor and the neighborhood doctor who saw her before the case was confirmed . ` Save Excalibur ' fails : Despite a public push to save its life , Excalibur -- the Spanish nurse assistant 's dog -- was euthanized because of concern it may have become infected with Ebola . Critics said the dog should have been quarantined , just like the assistant 's husband has been . Sporadic infections unavoidable , the WHO says : Sporadic Ebola infections will be unavoidable in some European countries because of direct travel from their hubs to hotspot areas in West Africa , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . But the risk of spread , it said , is avoidable and extremely low . Australia scare : A 57-year-old woman who returned to Australia after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone has been isolated at a hospital and is undergoing tests , including one for the deadly virus , authorities said . She had isolated herself at home and checked her temperature twice daily since her return , as recommended by national guidelines . The Queensland Department of Health announced early Friday that initial tests on the woman came back negative for Ebola . United Kingdom : The UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar railway terminals will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , a government spokesman said . Screening will involve assessing passengers ' recent travel history , who they have been in contact with and future travel arrangements , as well as a possible assessment performed by medical personnel . Macedonia : A Macedonian hotel has closed after a person staying there died two hours after being taken to a hospital , the country 's health ministry announced Thursday . The patient did not live in one of the West African countries most affected by Ebola , nor did he have a high temperature that 's symptomatic of the virus . Still , even though there 's a "  rather high chance " this person did not have Ebola , "  we are undertaking all the necessary measures " just in case , according to the health ministry . That includes not only shutting down the hotel , but also quarantining those who were in the same hotel , as well as medical staff who had direct contact with the patient . Dominican Republic : Dominican authorities met US Airways Flight 845 on Wednesday after it landed in Punta Cana from Philadelphia "  due to a possible health issue on board , " airline spokeswoman Michelle Mohr said . "  Strictly adhering to all CDC guidelines for airlines in response to the Ebola virus , " officials checked and eventually cleared the plane , according to Mohr . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Alexander Felton , Khushbu Shah , Saskya Vandoorne , Richard Quest , Brent Swails and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Liberian president "  a bit more confident " about avoiding most dire predictions NEW : Spokesman : US Airways followed CDC guidelines after health scare on Dominican flight After negative test , Texas sheriff 's deputy is discharged Hotel closed in Macedonia after sudden death , ministry says
Militants carried out a deadly attack on Somalia 's presidential palace Friday , officials and eyewitnesses said . An explosion at the gate was followed by an exchange of gunfire between the fighters and security guards , police officer Abdi Mohamed said . A U.N. representative said in a post on Twitter that President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud told him by phone that he was unharmed . Terror network Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia , claimed responsibility for the attack . Somalia 's national security minister , Adbikarin Hussein Guled , said at least 12 people , seven of them Al-Shabaab attackers , were killed in the attack Two government officials who died were named as the secretary to the Prime Minister and the former deputy national intelligence agency chief , Gen. Nur Shirbow . Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab , Al-Shabaab 's military operations spokesman , said the group had achieved its objectives in the attack . The attack comes just over a week after a car bombing near the airport in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , killed two people and wounded four more , according to police . Al-Shabaab also claimed responsibility for that attack . The group has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States . It hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state by force but has launched attacks in other countries , such as Kenya and Uganda , that have killed dozens .	Militants in Somalia carry out a deadly attack on the presidential palace Minister says 12 people died in the attack , seven of them Al-Shabaab militants Police said an explosion at the palace gates was followed by a gun battle The President said he was unharmed , but two government officials were killed
CNN  A Sony executive said Saturday that a cyberattack was to blame for the network woes that have been plaguing PlayStation and others since Christmas Day . "  The video game industry has been experiencing high levels of traffic designed to disrupt connectivity and online gameplay , " Catherine Jensen , Sony 's vice president of Consumer Experience said on PlayStation 's blog . "  Multiple networks , including PSN , have been affected over the last 48 hours . PSN engineers are working hard to restore full network access and online gameplay as quickly as possible , " she said . "  If you received a PlayStation console over the holidays and have been unable to log onto the network , know that this problem is temporary and is not caused by your game console , " Jensen wrote . Microsoft 's Xbox Live network also were hobbled by a slowdown on one of the busiest gaming days of the year . But , unlike Sony , Xbox spokesman Sean McCarthy told CNN that "  we do n't share info on the root cause of specific issues . " PlayStation gamers exasperated Jensen 's announcement was an about-face compared to Sony 's previous messages since the ordeal began -- mostly tweets that were sparse , vague and almost always ended with ` thank you for your continued patience . " But based on the overall sentiment expressed in the comments posted to message boards and on Twitter , the collective patience among PlayStation users had long since run out -- especially when rival Xbox appeared to be back online . " @AskPlayStation any chance you guys could consult with #xboxlive engineers on how to get #psn back up ? " @robbhunt asked on Twitter . "  They seem to have things figured out . " @LilGizmoe_ tweeted a picture of her entertainment console at her house in Montana with this caption : "  I wish PSN would come back online . Bought hubby a PS4 for Christmas . Only thing its good for right now is a tv stand . " A great deal of the contempt however was reserved for Lizard Squad , a band of black-hat hackers who said from the get-go that they were behind the attack . "  This is so frustrating , " wrote calin75 . "  The hackers think they 're hurting Sony , but the ones that really pay for this bull crap are the innocent users . " CNN can not confirm the identity or claims of Lizard Squad , but Sony 's acknowledgment that this was indeed a cyberattack gives little reason to doubt their claims . In August , the group said it took down the PlayStation network in the same fashion : by flooding it with illegitimate traffic , something called a distributed denial-of-service attack  DDoS  in the video game world . As CNNMoney reported at the time , when John Smedley , president of Sony Online Entertainment , tweeted about those "  large scale " attacks , he became a Lizard Squad target himself -- even at 30,000 feet . "  We have been receiving reports that @j_smedley 's plane # 362 from DFW to SAN has explosives on-board , please look into this , " the group tweeted to American Airlines , resulting in the flight being diverted . Earlier this month , Sony was again hit with a similar outage . Lizard Squad not only took credit for that one too , but it promised more "  Christmas presents " would soon be coming . "  Unlike Santa , we do n't like giving all of our Christmas presents out on one day . This entire month will be entertaining , " Lizard Squad tweeted . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Steve Almasy , Brian Stelter and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Sony exec says PlayStation 's network disrupted on purpose Both Playstation and Xbox Live networks hobbled into the weekend ` Lizard Squad ' claims responsibility for cyberattack Hacker group has a history of going after Sony
CNN  -- For the first time in the history of NCAA Division I college football , there will be a playoff system , starting with the 2014-2015 football season . A group of 12 college presidents -- the Presidential Oversight Committee of the Bowl Championship Series -- approved a plan Tuesday for a four-team seeded football playoff . The deal is for 12 years and will go through the 2025 season . "  A four-team playoff does n't go too far , " Virginia Tech President Charles Steger , chairman of the BCS committee , said . "  It goes just the right amount . We are very pleased with this new arrangement . " The playoff system will replace the current -- and controversial -- Bowl Championship Series -- which began in 1998 . The new system will have two national semifinal games and a final . The teams will be selected by a committee . This plan is similar to how the NCAA men 's and women 's basketball tournaments are created . Despite the change , the bowl-game structure will still exist . "  It 's a best of both worlds result , " Steger said . "  It captures the excitement of a playoff while protecting the best regular seasons in sports and also tradition of the bowls . " Steger said that some issues -- such as access to nonplayoff bowls and financial distribution -- have not been finalized . Lower college football divisions -- the Football Championship Subdivision , Division II , and Division III -- already have playoff systems in place . The current BCS system uses human polls , computer rankings , and strength of schedule to match the top two teams in the country to play for the national championship , and the process has always been open to criticism . Even congressional representatives in the past have tried to make headway to change the BCS . In 2005 , Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , called for a hearing on the BCS before a subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . No legislation results from the hearing . In 2008 , Reps. Neil Abercrombie , D-Hawaii , Lynn Westmoreland , R-Georgia , and Mike Simpson , R-Idaho , introduced what they called the NCAA Football Championship Equity Resolution , which stated that the BCS was unfair and a violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act . In 2009 , President Barack Obama reiterated his preference for a playoff system .	A 4-team football playoff for NCAA Division I will begin with the 2014-2015 season The playoff system will replace the current -- and controversial -- Bowl Championship Series There will be two national semifinal games and a final , with teams selected by a committee
CNN  -- The princess birthday cake for a 3-year-old girl was one of the few things left untouched after a brawl that police said involved 75 people at a hall in suburban Cincinnati , Ohio . Some 150 people were at a party at the Fraternal Order of Eagles Hall in Elmwood Place when the fight started early Tuesday , CNN affiliate WCPO reported . Seven police jurisdiction were called in to quell the fighting . "  When  first responding  officers arrived there it was a pretty intense fight going on inside , " Elmwood Place Police Chief William Peskin said . "  They actually had to wait until they got back-up there in order to make entry because there were so many people throwing bottles and chairs , so they had to actually wait . " Police said the hall the was being rented out and the fraternal organization 's membership was not involved . "  We got caught up in a family feud , " Eagles member David Frost told CNN on Tuesday night , referring to the group that rented the Eagles ' hall for the party . "  We 're embarrassed by this . " Members cleaned up the shards of glass and damaged chairs and a table Tuesday , said Frost , adding that his organization may revisit its policies on rentals . The party organizers brought their own alcohol , he said . "  I hate to see anybody get hurt , " Frost added . The fight apparently broke out between the birthday girl 's father and her mother 's boyfriend , police said . Police charged the girl 's 26-yaer-old father with disorderly conduct , WCPO said . Four others possibly face charges in the fracas . Fifteen people were injured in the melee , with at least five hospitalized , including one person who required surgery to the eye due to a cut from a beer bottle , police said . Police told WCPO beer bottles were the primary weapons used in the bloody melee . One person in the back threw as many bottles as he could find , Peskin said . A total of 20 officers responded to the scene , where about 30 children were in attendance . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Brawl breaks out at birthday party for toddler About 20 officers swarm to hall in Cincinnati suburb Girl 's father and her mother 's boyfriend got into fight , police say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A third of military children surveyed who have a parent deployed in a war zone are at "  high risk " for psychological problems , according to a new study by military doctors and researchers . The study concludes there 's a greater chance of family problems upon a military parent 's return . The study , published in the Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics , surveyed military spouses of deployed Army soldiers with school-age children , aged 5 to 12 . The questionnaire appraised the strain on the family of dealing with a parent deployed to the war zone . Results found that stress levels were high for children and spouses of deployed troops but also that support networks from military to religious helped mitigate the problems . The number of children found to be high-risk is more than 2 1/2 times the national level and higher than historical military samples . The authors surveyed 101 families in what they said was the first such evaluation since September 11 , 2001 , and the start of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . Overall , there are more than 2 million U.S. military children , many of whom have parents who have deployed multiple times -- deployments that , for the first time since the Vietnam War , can occur as little as 12 months after returning from a previous deployment . The study focused on families of active-duty soldiers living on base at Fort Lewis , Washington , and is just a "  small snapshot , " said one of the authors , Col. Beth Ellen Davis . She is the chief of Developmental Services at Madigan Army Medical Center in Tacoma , Washington . Davis said that more studies would have to be done to understand the impact on military children in other circumstances , like those with parents in other services , living off-base or in the National Guard , but that the results point to a problem nobody could deny . "  Children struggle when their parents deploy . I do n't think anyone will struggle with that , " Davis said . The survey quantified what Davis had seen anecdotally in her work at the hospital . "  My perception in the school-age range and pre-school-age range was that how the at-home parent is doing is most predictive of how the child is coping , " Davis said . Almost half of the spouses surveyed were found to have a high level of stress , which the authors say has a significant impact on their child 's ability to cope . Parents surveyed said their children experienced a number of symptoms including "  internalizing symptoms " like anxiety , frequent crying and worrying . Interestingly , it is the return from deployment that is most stressful , according to three-quarters of those surveyed . "  On reunification , there is excitement , anticipation and relief , occasionally followed by emotional conflict as the service member reintegrates back into the family , " wrote the surveyors . Effects of deployment on families can be seen beyond the Fort Lewis survey . At Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , Gia Ellis ' husband is deployed to Afghanistan for the second time . The mother of two said the return home is as stressful as the deployment itself . "  Trying to relinquish some of the responsibilities that we 've had to take on and give it back to them , " Ellis said last month . She was not a participant in the stress survey . "  Letting go is very difficult . Very difficult to share the responsibility with your spouse and , ` Oh , yeah , you 're in this family ? I forgot . ' " Ellis said that this deployment has been easier on her in part because she is living on the base and has access to a support network of wives and staff . The strain on families during the reintegration has parallels to families with spouses who travel a lot for business , said Frederic Medway , distinguished professor emeritus of psychology at the University of South Carolina . Medway , who has studied the effects of family integration in military and non-military families , agreed with the new study 's conclusion that there is a greater chance of family problems when the spouse comes back . "  That is when the husband and wife actually fight and talk about stuff , " Medway said . "  The service member comes back and does n't feel a part of it and returns with his own baggage . " Much work still needs to be done to assess how these psychological effects play out over time , Medway said . His studies on families of the first Gulf War found that reintegration problems played out in a period lasting around six months to year . Medway said that it is hard to compare studies from different wars but that duration does point to a key problem in the current conflicts , since many troops are redeploying after a year , meaning the family never really gets a chance to settle back down . One surprising result of the new study was what factors were predictors of high-risk impact . Parents with a college education were less likely to have children at risk , and younger parents fared worse . Those with college education who were also employed had significantly less stress , which the study authors suggested could be a result of having access to additional support networks , adult interactions and income to relieve stress . Length of deployment , military rank and children 's age did not have an impact . Medway said that one reason for the effect of education could be that those in lower social classes tend to deal with more mental health and marital issues in general . "  How far is the rubber band going to stretch ? " Medway asked . Pre-existing problems are compounded by deployment . Davis , co-author of the Fort Lewis-based survey , said that what the study revealed was that those feeling the brunt of the stress were younger families , which are the bulk of enlisted soldiers . "  What comes with enlistment is usually junior-ranking high-school graduates getting by enough to support a family but often times not  to  support child care outside the home , " Davis explained . That demographic has higher stress because they lack support networks . Davis said the study highlights the need to understand the impact of deployment on these at risk groups and make sure they have the support they need and "  not assuming that everyone has the same needs . " She noted that there are resources for families and that more effort is being made to reach out to those who most need help "  whether they ask for it or not . "	Study : Third of kids with a deployed parent at "  high risk " for psychological problems Families with older parents and those with college degrees fared better Survey looked at 101 families ; researchers say it 's the first evaluation since 9/11 More than 2 million U.S. kids have a deployed parent
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After a nearly year-long investigation , police say they now believe 10 sets of human remains uncovered along a desolate stretch of Long Island , New York , beach are linked to a single killer . "  The theory is now that we 're dealing with one serial killer , " Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer told CNN affiliate WABC on Tuesday . He noted the killer did not "  necessarily do the same thing all the time . " "  What 's common here is the dumping ground , " he added . Dormer previously said that only the bodies of four females uncovered in December were thought to be the work of a serial killer or killers . It is not clear what prompted the change . Authorities have sifted through more than 1,000 tips related to the case . But it 's unclear whether they have shed any light on an investigation that has drawn state and federal agents and garnered national attention . In June , police upped the ante in their search for a culprit . The reward for information leading to an arrest -- once topping out at $ 5,000 -- was raised five-fold , making it the largest offered in Suffolk County history . It was an apparent bid to fill out a case that some fear has gone cold . "  We 're hoping the increased reward money will encourage somebody to come forward by calling the police in respect to the families and to  the  victims , " Lt. Robert Donohue said at the time . At least 10 sets of human remains have been found in Nassau and Suffolk counties since December . But the woman whose disappearance triggered the searches , 23-year-old Shannan Gilbert , remains missing . The New Jersey woman was last seen in May 2010 at a private party at a home in Long Island 's Oak Beach community . The first four bodies have since been identified . They , like Gilbert , had advertised for prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist . Their remains were found among bushes along a quarter-mile strip of beachfront property , according to police . More human remains were found on March 29 and April 4 . Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota said in May that the newly found remains were not believed to be connected to the first four victims . In September , authorities released composite sketches of what two unidentified victims might have looked like . Authorities at the time said the evidence suggested two other killers dumped bodies along Ocean Parkway in Gilgo Beach , about 40 miles east of New York City . "  This investigation is not an episode of ` CSI ' or ` Criminal Minds ' that is going to be solved in a one-hour period , " Spota said of the serial killer probe . "  Most likely , it ... is going to take a very long period of time to complete . " Spota was not immediately available for comment Wednesday regarding police statements that the killings are now thought to be the work of a single killer .	Police say they think a single serial killer is responsible for bodies found in Long Island Police previously thought only the first set of remains could be the work of a killer or killers The body of the woman who triggered investigation is still missing The women who were killed advertised prostitution searches on websites
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . A man from Honduras reads in an "  English As A Second Language " class in Miami , Florida . According to the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2006 American Community Survey , approximately 80 percent -- or 223.2 million people -- of Americans use only English at home . The remaining 20 percent -- 55.8 million people -- speak a language other than English . Add the millions of tourists visiting the country each year and you have a huge demand for workers who can communicate in more than one language . Thankfully , bilingual workers come to the rescue . In almost every line of work the ability to speak a second language makes you a valuable asset . Any job that requires you to interact with customers -- either in person , on the phone or online -- can use your knowledge of a second  or third  language . Think about it : Every additional customer you can speak with not only improves his or her experience but also brings in revenue to your employer . The states with the largest percentage of citizens speaking a language other than English at home are California , New Mexico , Texas , New York and Arizona . Spanish is by far the most popular non-English language spoken at home with roughly 34 million speakers nationwide . Still , there are millions of people speaking other languages -- including French , German , Mandarin , Arabic and lesser known languages -- that also benefit from bilingual workers . If you speak more than one language or have thought about learning a second one , here are some industries and jobs where your skills will come in handy . Industry : Health care Why : Patients visiting emergency rooms and doctor 's offices come from all walks of life . In fact , America 's reputation as a leader in medicine attracts people from around the world , so you never know what language you 'll hear when someone walks through the door . Jobs : Registered nurse , paramedic , physician 's assistant , home health aide Industry : Hospitality Why : Spas , resorts and hotels help visitors escape their daily routine and makes them feel like royalty . Creating a little bit of paradise -- for a tourist or a local just trying to get away -- is easier when you can understand what your client is saying to you . Jobs : Concierge , resort manager , hotel manager , desk clerk Industry : Education Why : One of the richer aspects of an American education is the exposure to different cultures . You can walk into most classrooms , from kindergarten through graduate levels , and find students who come from multilingual households or who are studying abroad . Jobs : Teacher , ESL instructor , guidance counselor Industry : Law enforcement Why : Among the many duties of law enforcement personnel is interviewing people , either to solve crimes or to understand what 's happening in a conflict . You can save a lot of time  and maybe even a life  if you do n't have to wait for an interpreter . Jobs : Police officer , investigator , security guard , probation officer , corrections officer Industry : Customer service Why : Every aspect of customer service involves dealing with people . Depending on where you work , you might have customers who are tourists or who come from households where English is n't spoken . Knowing more than one language means you can communicate to a larger amount of visitors , which both your employer and customers will appreciate . Jobs : Sales clerk , demonstrator , retail store supervisor , computer support specialist , customer service representative Industry : Social services Why : Social service workers meet with families , adoption agencies and schools in order to ensure the well-being of children . The fewer language barriers between the worker , children and important people in their environment , the smoother things can run . Jobs : Family social worker , substance abuse social worker , social work administration Industry : Finance Why : Money does n't only stay on one continent , so in the world of finance , whether you 're a teller or the CEO of an investment bank , you 're dealing with euros and yen and the languages that come with them . Jobs : Teller , financial adviser , investment banker , accountant Industry : Communication Why : Whether your job is talking to the media or writing for a publication , words are your livelihood . The more you know , the better you can do your job . Whether it enables you to speak to a reporter or interview a source for a story , being bilingual makes your job easier . Jobs : Translator , public relations specialist , journalist , media relations officer Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	In almost every line of work , speaking a second language makes you valuable Twenty percent of Americans do n't speak English at home California , New Mexico , have largest percentage of non-English speakers Spanish is most popular with 34 million speakers nationwide
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities said Tuesday they have arrested Jose Jorge Balderas , a suspect in last year 's shooting of a Paraguayan soccer player in Mexico . Salvador Cabanas was shot in the head at a bar in late January 2010 . He survived . According to police , Cabanas and Balderas had been arguing before the attack . Balderas , 34 , was arrested in a wealthy neighborhood of Mexico City , Federal Police Section Chief Ramon Eduardo Pequeno told reporters . Balderas also is accused of having ties to Edgar Valdez Villarreal -- alias "  La Barbie " -- an alleged U.S.-born drug kingpin arrested last year . Pequeno said Balderas told authorities he did not fire the shot that hit Cabanas . The suspect blamed the shooting on an accomplice , Francisco Jose Barreto . Authorities arrested Barreto in June .	Jose Jorge Balderas was arrested in Mexico City , an official says Salvador Cabanas was shot in the head a year ago The Paraguayan soccer player survived Police arrested another suspect in June
Tokyo  CNN  -- Attempts by the operator of Japan 's stricken nuclear power plant to deal with alarming leaks of toxic water are like a game of "  whack-a-mole , " the country 's industry minister said this week . The time has come for the government to step in , Toshimitsu Motegi believes . Report : Fukushima 's radiation damaged more souls than bodies A litany of problems has beset the Fukushima Daiichi power plant since it was crippled by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck northeast Japan in 2011 . The most troubling at the moment is how to contain the swelling volume of radioactive water flowing from the damaged reactor buildings . Last week another calamity added itself to the catalog of worrying incidents . Read more : Street view shows Fukushima nuclear ghost town Hundreds of tons of contaminated water leaked from a huge storage tank , one of close to a thousand hulking containers at the plant . Japan 's Nuclear Regulation Authority declared the leak a "  serious incident , " its gravest warning since the 2011 natural disaster triggered a meltdown in three reactors . Weeks ago , plant operator , Tokyo Electric Power Company  Tepco  , admitted that radioactive groundwater was leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the site , bypassing an underground barrier built to seal in the water . ` Whack-a-mole ' Tepco said this week that it is taking measures to tackle the problems at the site , including stepping up inspections of the water tanks and other possible sources of leaks . It has transferred the remaining contaminated water from the leaky tank to another container . The company 's president , Natomi Hirose , said Monday that it may bring in experts from outside of Japan to help advise the task force that is dealing with the toxic water crisis . Opinion : What Japanese leaders can learn from Fukushima But the government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , which had already expressed dissatisfaction with Tepco 's response , appears to have lost patience . "  Countermeasures led by Tepco to stop the contaminated water leaks have been like a "  whack-a-mole " arcade game , " Motegi said Monday after a visit to the plant . "  From now on , the government is going to step forward . " His comments reinforce the words of Abe , who said earlier this month that the contaminated water crisis at the site "  is not an issue where we can let Tepco take complete responsibility . " Abe said the problem had to be dealt with at "  a national level " and ordered Motegi 's ministry to come up with "  multiple , speedy and sure solutions to this issue . " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Monday that the ministry 's measures could draw on the government 's reserve funds . But experts say that any potential solutions , such as freezing the ground around the plant or releasing radioactive water into the ocean , are likely to present significant technological and political challenges for the government . Chernobyl visit Against the backdrop of the toxic water crisis at Fukushima , Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida on Sunday visited Chernobyl in the Ukraine , the site of the worst nuclear accident in history . Kishida and his Ukrainian counterpart pledged cooperation between the two countries on dealing with the aftermath of nuclear disasters , the foreign minister said . Read more : Man who battled Japan 's nuclear meltdown dies The scale of the calamity that unfolded at Fukushima , after the tsunami knocked out cooling systems for the three reactors that were operating at the time , is second only to Chernobyl . Meltdowns and hydrogen explosions spewed radioactive particles across many of the surrounding towns , complicating an already historic disaster . Though no deaths have been directly attributed to the accident , tens of thousands of people from towns as far as 25 miles away have been displaced by the disaster . It crippled Tepco financially , and the government had to bail it out . Meanwhile , problems have continued to arise at the plant . Vast volumes of water In March , the company said that a rat was believed to have caused a temporary power outage at the facility . In July , Tepco disclosed that water in a test well at the reactor showed concentrations of radioactive tritium in one well as high as 500,000 becquerels -- a unit of radioactive intensity -- per liter of water . By comparison , Japan 's maximum safe level of radioactivity in drinking water for adults is 300 becquerels per liter . Vast stands of storage tanks have grown up around the plant as the company struggles to deal with the high volume of tainted water . About 400 tons of groundwater flow through the site each day , and Tepco also pumps large amounts water through the buildings to keep the crippled reactors cool . The tank where the leak was discovered last week was one of about 350 tanks built as temporary storage units in the aftermath of the reactor meltdowns . They are among a total of about 1,000 tanks , 93 % of which are already full of radioactive water . Tepco , its regulators and the Japanese government now face the challenge of what to do in the short term with the hundreds of thousands of tons of toxic water stored in tanks similar to the one that leaked . In the longer term , they have to figure out how to deal with all the contaminated water being kept at the plant . And they have to find a way to stop the groundwater from flowing through the site and into the ocean . CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Japan 's industry minister says "  the government is going to step forward " The crippled nuclear plant has been beset by a range of problems The most pressing one is dealing with huge volumes of radioactive water The Fukushima plant was the site of the worst nuclear accident since 1986
Kabul  CNN  -- A truck and a minibus collided in Afghanistan on Friday , killing 17 people , a provincial government spokesman said . Nine more were injured in the crash in Nangarhar province , according to Ahmadzia Abdulzai . Elsewhere in the country , two roadside bombs killed at least five people Friday , a police spokesman said . Four police officers died when their patrol hit a roadside bomb in Kandahar province , said the spokesman , Zia Duranai . In the same province , a district governor was killed after running over a roadside bomb on his motorbike , he said .	Nine others were injured in the crash in Nangarhar province , a government spokesman says In Kandahar province , four police officers died when their patrol hit a roadside bomb A district governor was killed when his motorbike hit a bomb in the same province
CNN  -- Madonna is in Malawi this week attempting to adopt a second child from the African nation . A judge ruled Monday that she will have to wait until Friday to learn a decision . Dominic Nutt of Save the Children UK has urged Madonna to rethink her adoption of a girl from Malawi . In the meantime , a children 's group is saying that she should not adopt and that the child would be better off in her own country . Madonna has brushed off questions from reporters , saying it is "  none of their business . " CNN 's Kiran Chetry , spoke with Dominic Nutt , the spokesman for Save the Children UK , Monday on "  American Morning . " Chetry : You heard Madonna ... say it 's no one 's business . Over the weekend , you came out , though , and urged Madonna to rethink this adoption . What is your biggest concern ? Nutt : Well , our biggest concern is that we believe that in the most -- in the majority of cases , orphans , so-called orphans , in fact -LSB- are -RSB- not orphans -- they have at least one parent living -- and even those that do n't , have a wider family that can look after them . And we believe that children in poverty should be best looked after by their own people in their own environment . And that people like Madonna and organizations like Save the Children are best off helping those families by building schools and supporting them to look after these so-called orphans and not transporting them to live across the world in mansions , in pop stars ' mansions , that sort of thing . Watch charity explain position on international adoptions " Chetry : Now , Madonna also is doing both , I guess you could say , because she founded that organization , Raising Malawi , right , back in 2006 , did a documentary as well , trying to bring attention and money to the plight of the children there . Nutt : Well , absolutely right . So she 's obviously accepted the logic of the Save the Children argument , it 's help children on the ground . If you really do love a child and you want the child to do well , then help them in their own world . Now , look ... something like 10 million children a year die across the world because of poverty before the age of 5 . You can not possibly help all those children by moving them . amFIX : Your thoughts on whether Madonna should adopt So , what we 're saying clearly is not that Madonna is wrong or families and parents or want-to-be parents who do go for international adoption are wrong . But it must be a last resort . They must make sure there is no family network to support them , and if they do n't help that child , that child is in peril . The life of that child is in peril . Otherwise ... you are better off supporting that child in its own environment . Chetry : All right , well , here 's what a couple of people who actually live there say . One of them is a resident of ... Malawi , who said , "  We 're poor people . If a child 's mother dies , it 's hard for the man to bring the child up . " He 's saying that because apparently in this situation , the child she 's trying to adopt , Mercy James , both -- neither parent -LSB- is -RSB- living , according to our report . And then I want you to hear also from the Law Commission of Malawi , one member of it , and what he said about this adoption . Let 's listen . Unidentified male : If you project 20 years from now , where will the child be if the child is left in the orphanage where it is , or if it gets a chance to get an education with Madonna . Chetry : The figures also from UNICEF show that for every 1,000 births in Malawi , 120 children die . The life expectancy in that country is only 44 years old . And most children over the age of 10 do not attend school . So , would n't life be better for some of these children who have no living parents , who would at least be in another country where their basic needs could be met and they could get a decent education ? Nutt : Well , would it not be better to solve the problems of Malawi and help Malawians solve their own problems by educating their children and feeding their children and helping their children so they can get off that cycle of poverty ? Not just literally transporting the whole population of Malawi . If we are concerned about the population of Malawi being in a very difficult situation , we ca n't transport them all to Queens in New York or to Kensington in London to make that difference . The difference has to be made on the ground . Otherwise , we really are shuffling the deck chairs on the deck of the Titanic . Chetry : All right , well , they 're not necessarily mutually exclusive . So , the question that I have is : Is your issue really with Madonna ? I mean , you mentioned celebrity and living in mansions . But what about just ... some middle-class ... working people who are unable to have children themselves and would like to try to help out a child in need overseas . Are you against that type of adoption ? Nutt : No , no . All I 'm saying is that it 's definitely a last resort . Because I know the pain of trying to have a child . I 've been trying , my wife , for years , and we just got lucky four weeks ago . But I know that heartache and that lack of being able to bring up a child in a loving environment . But we know from our case studies in working in Liberian orphanages that in many cases , these children are -LSB- picked -RSB- off the Internet , without much research going on , and sometimes it does n't work out , and the children can be sent back to their own country . And all that has happened is that that child 's life has been messed around with . So , of course , it 's difficult . And I wish I could give you an easy answer and offer you a magic wand , but if you challenge poverty on the ground in these countries , you can in the end do very well by these children . Save the Children 's been doing it for 90 years across the world , and it 's making a difference . ... You say it 's not mutually exclusive , of course , but you can bet your bottom dollar that by investing in children , you 'll get a much bigger impact and better outcome than by taking one or two children here and there as a matter of willy-nilly choice . Chetry : All right , Dominic Nutt , spokesman for Save the Children UK , thank you for your point of view this morning . And we also want to let people know that we did reach out to Madonna 's spokeswoman . So far , we 're just getting "  No comment . "	Save the Children spokesman : Children should be raised by extended family Celebrities , groups best help children by supporting their communities , he says Madonna is trying to adopt a girl from Malawi
