CNN  -- The phrase "  digital detox " was added to the Oxford Dictionaries Online in August 2013 along with , interestingly enough , the term FOMO , or the fear of missing out , often brought on by posts to social media . It seems that the former is an ideal cure for the latter : a digital detox from Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , and all the other stimuli that surround us constantly is a perfect way to shake that fear of missing out -- and put that energy toward something personally worthwhile . "  Unplugging gives our brains a chance to slow down . Our blood pressure goes down . It gives us a chance to think for ourselves , " says Levi Felix , California-based cofounder of The Digital Detox , which leads device-free retreats . "  When you 're not looking at a screen , sharing something , considering what everyone else is doing in the moment , you get to be who you are . " Hotels from Chile to Canada to the Caribbean now offer similar getaways that encourage travelers to unplug . Often devices are banned , and days are filled with meditation , yoga , nature , and communal activities . Whether these packages are examples of bandwagon thinking  like "  eco-resorts " that simply do n't wash towels and linens daily  or a true reflection of travelers ' yearning to break their habits is still unclear . But Felix is optimistic . "  Hey , if you 're staying in a hotel or somewhere where there 's less cell phone use and they 're promoting massage and yoga , that 's an awesome shift in culture , " he says . "  When you successfully unplug , you 'll have more awareness about yourself ; you 'll be more in touch . " New Camaldoli Hermitage , Big Sur , CA Generations of travelers have known that Big Sur is a magical place removed from the hubbub of San Francisco to the north and L.A. to the south . And those seeking solitude among the area 's beaches and old-growth redwoods need look no further than the New Camaldoli Hermitage , a working Benedictine monastery where guests are invited  but not required  to attend daily prayers . The simple rooms , private houses with gardens , and outdoor spaces offer a lot of calm , but little else . There 's no app that can replicate the light as it hits the coast and no Spotify playlist that can beat the gentle sound of the surf as you take in the ocean views . Remota Hotel , Puerto Natales , Chile Designed by Chilean architect Germán del Sol , Remota 's rooms feature handmade modern furniture , much of it built on-site using recovered wood . The lack of televisions encourages guests to tune in to unobstructed views of the sky , the expansive wild grass -- covered Patagonian landscape , and looming glaciers . Nature and isolation are the main lures at this upscale sustainable lodge , with the option to go on guided and unguided hikes , bicycle and horseback excursions , and bird-watching expeditions that are sure to make you forget all about Twitter . Travel + Leisure : Best secret islands on earth Arawak Beach Inn , The Valley , Anguilla The Arawak Beach Inn on Anguilla has devised a seven-day tech-free package called Isolation Vacation . While the rest of the hotel features televisions and Wi-Fi , guests are invited to "  unplug and recharge " by handing over their devices and to stay in rooms where televisions have been removed ; they 're unable to purchase Internet access anywhere on the grounds . Without endless games of Candy Crush at your fingertips , you 're freed up to enjoy Anguilla 's gorgeous beaches , boating excursions , or a book .  Yes , they still exist . Tanque Verde Ranch , Tucson , AZ This family-owned dude ranch and spa outside of Tucson plays to its natural strengths of gorgeous scenery and sunny weather . With desert horseback excursions  no cell phones allowed  , day camp for the little ones , and spa treatments for the adults , you wo n't even think about your friends ' status updates . Instead , you and the gang can share real-time updates from the day 's adventures at communal dinners -- then head back outside for stargazing . Rooms do n't come equipped with TVs , and guests can unplug further by requesting no Wi-Fi access . Travel + Leisure : Best affordable island hotels Rancho La Puerta , Tecate , Mexico Here 's how Rancho La Puerta , a resort and spa in Mexico 's western Baja Peninsula , describes its approach to wellness : "  You do n't need an ` app ' to unplug from life 's clutter -- our Mindfulness/Reflection classes will help you tune in to your own spirit and navigate your inner terrain without the constant bombardment of outside distractions . " If that sounds like your speed , you 're probably ready to leave your iPhone 5S at home and take a cooking or art class , go for a hike in the 3,000 acres adjoining the property , or learn more about work-life balance during one of the resort 's lectures . Fairmont Kenauk , Montebello , Canada When people describe this nature resort in rural Quebec as "  off the grid , " they mean it literally : each of the one - to six-room chalets on the property is completely off the electrical grid and reliant entirely on solar power . There 's also no cell phone service in the area , so if you 're tempted to check in with work , you 'll have to do it using the pay phone at a nearby picnic site . Fishing , hiking , picnicking , golf , and spa access are available either on-site or nearby . Travel + Leisure : World 's greatest dream trips The Farm at San Benito , Lipa City , Philippines Ninety minutes from Manila sits this 118-acre oasis of health and wellness complete with a vegan restaurant . Spa packages like the Detox Cleanse promise weight loss and improved heart health , but just unplugging in such a tranquil setting will do wonders for your mental health . Activities include yoga in open-air pavilions , meditation , circuit training , and flower arranging . The Art of Living Course offers lectures on balance , breathing , and stress management that will carry you through even when you get back to civilization . Camp Grounded , Anderson Valley , CA Emphasizing wholesome fun and games , this tech-free summer camp for adults is held on the grounds of Camp Navarro , a former Boy Scout camp about three hours north of San Francisco . The summer 2013 inaugural session featured sing-alongs , swimming , archery , color war , and a prom . Campers were asked to hand over phones , tablets , watches , and other technology and partake in a "  human search engine "  posting questions on a bulletin board to tap collective knowledge  . They wrote letters home on vintage typewriters . There are three sessions planned for June 2014 , with a 10 percent "  Scout 's Honor " discount still available . See all of the best places to unplug Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Seek serenity at a working Benedictine monastery in Big Sur , California No cell phones allowed on horseback rides at Tanque Verde Ranch in Arizona A rural Quebec resort is entirely reliant on solar power
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A man who cast himself as a victim of the recent attack on a Nairobi mall gave himself away as a possible suspect when a machine-gun magazine fell out of his pocket as he was being evacuated , a Kenyan counterterrorism source said Thursday . This Kenyan national , who was injured in the ordeal , is currently being held in a hospital at a military airbase , according to the source . It was not immediately clear if this man is one of the at least 10 individuals who Kenyan officials have said are in custody on suspicion of taking part in the Westgate Mall attack . Was ` White Widow ' involved in mall shooting ? There is increasing concern that some perpetrators escaped the mall along with fleeing civilians , and thus remain at large , U.S. law enforcement officials say . U.S. forensic investigators were granted access to the ravaged mall on Thursday . The onslaught began when militants stormed the upscale Nairobi shopping mall on Saturday , forcing shoppers and diners to run for their lives or scramble for safe hiding spots . It ended on Tuesday , by which time President Uhuru Kenyatta said authorities had overrun the gunmen and taken over the mall . Al-Shabaab , a Somalia-based terrorist group with links to al Qaeda , took credit for the carnage . In addition to five terrorists , at least 67 people are confirmed dead in the attack . Officials fear that number could rise -- as many as 63 people are still unaccounted for -- as they sift through the rubble left from the collapse of three floors of the expansive facility . Kenya mall shooting : Dozens of families unsure if loved ones are dead or alive CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Nairobi ; CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : There 's growing concern that some attackers escaped , U.S. officials say The man was injured , being evacuated from Westgate Mall when authorities were tipped off The Kenyan national is being held in a hospital on a military airbase , a Kenyan source says At least 67 are confirmed dead in the Nairobi mall attack ; dozens more still unaccounted for
CNN  Singer-songwriter David Crosby hit a jogger with his car Sunday evening , a spokesman said . The accident happened in Santa Ynez , California , near where Crosby lives . Crosby was driving at approximately 50 mph when he struck the jogger , according to California Highway Patrol Spokesman Don Clotworthy . The posted speed limit was 55 . The jogger suffered multiple fractures , and was airlifted to a hospital in Santa Barbara , Clotworthy said . His injuries are not believed to be life threatening . "  Mr. Crosby was cooperative with authorities and he was not impaired or intoxicated in any way . Mr. Crosby did not see the jogger because of the sun , " said Clotworthy . According to the spokesman , the jogger and Crosby were on the same side of the road . Pedestrians are supposed to be on the left side of the road walking toward traffic , Clotworthy said . Joggers are considered pedestrians . Crosby is known for weaving multilayered harmonies over sweet melodies . He belongs to the celebrated rock group Crosby , Stills & Nash . "  David Crosby is obviously very upset that he accidentally hit anyone . And , based off of initial reports , he is relieved that the injuries to the gentleman were not life threatening , " said Michael Jensen , a Crosby spokesman . "  He wishes the jogger a very speedy recovery . "	Accident happens in Santa Ynez , California , near where Crosby lives The jogger suffered multiple fractures ; his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening
CNN  -- Photo-sharing app Instagram has attracted more than 100 million users by encouraging people to snap pictures with their smartphones , dress them up with filters and share them with friends . In the two years since Instagram launched , it 's been a mobile-only network for an increasingly mobile society . Now that 's about to change . Instagram announced Monday it will be adapting user photos and data into Web-based profiles for people to enjoy from laptops or desktops . Each Web profile will feature a selection of recently shared photographs along with the user 's profile photo and bio , offering a quick visual snapshot of someone 's interests and aesthetic . "  We 're launching Web profiles to give you a simple way to share your photos with more people and to make it easier to discover new users on the Web , " Instagram said in a blog post . Photos are expandable on the new Web pages , meaning your followers will be able to view your prized pics in a larger , 6x6-inch format instead of peering at those little square images on their phones . "  It strikes me that a quick , dynamic overview of your life in pictures is maybe even more compelling than the overall Facebook Timeline because it 's so simple . Everyone understands pictures , " wrote tech columnist and prolific Instagram user MG Siegler on his blog . Users wo n't be able to upload images to their accounts from the Web , although they can follow others , comment and like photos . It 's a big upgrade over Instagram 's traditionally bare-bones website , which has contained little more than a blog and information for app developers . The new interface creates a challenge for the ecosystem of independent sites that had sought to fill Instagram 's Web void by offering browser-based platforms for viewing , liking and commenting on photos from the app . They include Statigram , which gives users a detailed breakdown of data concerning their Instagram feed , and Webstagram , a more straightforward photo viewing site . Instagram says its Web profiles will launch for all users in the next week or so . "  If you ca n't see your profile yet , rest assured that you 'll see it in the next few days , " the company says . Instagram also says that if your photos are set to private , they will be visible on the Web only to Instagram users you 've allowed to follow you . Instagram photos show Sandy 's path of damage To see your profile or to explore a friend 's profile , go to Instagram.com / -LSB- username -RSB- . Here 's an example of how it will look . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Instagram will be adapting user photos and data into Web-based profiles Photo-sharing network says Web profiles will launch to all users in the next week or so Each Web profile will feature a selection of recent shared photographs
CNN  -- The fertilizer plant that blew up in Texas last week warned state and local officials but not federal agencies that it had 270 tons of highly volatile ammonium nitrate on site , according to regulatory records . The April 17 fire and explosion at West Fertilizer Co. killed 14 people and devastated the small town of West , Texas . Investigators have said they 're not sure how much ammonium nitrate was actually on site at the time of the explosion , however , since plant records were destroyed in the blast . Obama tells victims ' families that nation will help them recover The company sold ammonium nitrate and anhydrous ammonia , both commonly used as fertilizers . It had notified state and local emergency management officials of its stock of both in its most recent declaration of hazardous chemicals , filed in February . However , the risk management plan it filed with the federal Environmental Protection Agency in 2011 mentioned only anhydrous ammonia , which produces suffocating fumes and can cause burns if mishandled . The plan listed as a worst-case scenario "  the release of the total contents of a storage tank released as a gas over 10 minutes " and did not warn of the risks of explosion . Federal law requires any operation that holds more than a ton of fertilizer-grade ammonium nitrate to report that stock to the Department of Homeland Security . Proposed new rules would cut that to 25 pounds . But Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a Senate subcommittee Tuesday that West Fertilizer does n't appear to have reported its ammonium nitrate stock to federal officials , adding , "  We 're following up on that . " In a statement issued earlier this week , after the first lawsuit against it was filed in connection with the explosion , the company said its focus "  remains on the fact finding . " "  We continue to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community , " it said . "  To that end , the owners and staff of West Fertilizer Co. are working closely with investigating agencies . We have encouraged all employees to assist in the fact finding to whatever degree possible . " Among the dead was plant foreman Cody Dragoo , who was also a member of the town 's volunteer fire department . The explosion happened about 20 minutes after the first report of a fire there . It registered on seismographs as a magnitude 2.1 earthquake and could be felt 50 miles away . Town devastated by fertilizer explosion is guided by the West way Last week 's explosion damaged numerous houses , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school , all of which were built within a few hundred feet of the plant . That 's raised concern about similar facilities in other towns , both in rural communities like West and major cities like Houston , the heart of the oil industry . Animals become symbols of hope in Texas town "  I know there 's hundreds of public schools on the fenceline or very close to these industrial plants , " said Neil Carman , a former Texas Department of Environmental Quality inspector now working for the state Sierra Club . "  I would n't be surprised if it 's over 1,000 . " Zoning restrictions are rare in the state , and Carman said there have been thousands of complaints from neighborhoods in areas like Houston , Beaumont and Corpus Christi , home to numerous oil refineries . West Fertilizer had been twice cited by federal regulators twice since 2006 . In 2012 , the Transportation Department 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer $ 5,250 for storing anhydrous ammonia in tanks that lacked the proper warning labels . The agency originally recommended a $ 10,000 penalty , but it was reduced after the company took corrective action . In 2006 , the EPA fined it $ 2,300 owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time . The TCEQ also investigated a complaint about the lingering smell of ammonia around the plant the same year .	West Fertilizer reported having 270 tons of ammonium nitrate on hand in February The declaration went to state and local officials but not federal agencies The company did n't mention the volatile fertilizer in EPA risk plans
CNN  -- The music of Woodstock was a draw that attracted hundreds of thousands of people to the festival . Similarly , the name of Ang Lee is a draw that attracted a number of actors to his new film , "  Taking Woodstock . " From left , "  Taking Woodstock 's " Emile Hirsch , director Ang Lee and Demetri Martin at the movie 's premiere . "  Taking Woodstock , " which is out August 28 , features performers who were either not born or very young when the monumental festival occurred in 1969 , but many were enticed to join the movie because of Lee 's involvement . "  I 'd read the Sunday paper for Ang Lee . I 'd do anything . He 's a filmmaker I 've always admired and -LSB- was -RSB- sort of eager to work with , " said Liev Schreiber , who plays a transvestite . "  So when he approached me , you know : Dress , shmess , I 'll do whatever you want . " Lee 's work , which includes the renowned films "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " and "  Brokeback Mountain , " has garnered him three Oscar nominations . The lighthearted "  Taking Woodstock " is a mild departure for a man whose films tend toward serious drama . The film 's plot concerns Elliot Tiber  Demetri Martin  , son of the owners of a fading Catskills hotel , who helped attract the Woodstock festival to the area . It 's based on Tiber 's memoir . The film also stars Emile Hirsch , Jonathan Groff and Eugene Levy . The 36-year-old Martin , who is best known for his standup , his contributions to "  The Daily Show " and hosting "  Important Things with Demetri Martin , " might have benefited the most from working with Lee . "  Taking Woodstock " is his first film as star , and he 's made only a handful of others . "  Ang is not really going to hold your hand and reassure you through the whole thing . He 's going to be more like a sensei , kind of a tough-love thing , " Martin said . "  He 's like , ` Punch this wall , ' and you 'll be like , ` Why ? ' and he 's like , ` Punch the wall , and do it . ' "  And then it 's like , ` Oh , good performance , great . I 'm glad I punched the wall , ' and you do n't understand , but it 's really a lesson in trust , " he added . Jonathan Groff also came to "  Taking Woodstock " with limited big-screen experience and was excited to work with Lee . "  He 's your fearless leader . He 's everything that you want to be when you grow up , " Groff said . Woodstock may have been 40 years ago , but it 's recent enough that a number of the principals are still alive . Groff had the opportunity to meet Woodstock co-founder Michael Lang , whom he plays in the movie . Lang opened his memories to Groff and also visited the set . "  He came to the first day on set , and that was a little nerve-wracking , but it then became comforting because as we would be between takes he would , you know , be giving you a little thumbs-up , " Groff recalled . "  I 'm sure it must have been a little out-of-body . I mean , I ca n't imagine watching someone playing me in a movie , from 40 years earlier . " The 24-year-old Groff thinks Woodstock resonates today . "  Coming from my generation and looking back and seeing such innocence and seeing such passion and seeing such faith in each other , and the ability to come together and actually make something huge happen , is really inspiring , " he said . Although there have n't been similar watershed events since , Schreiber and Groff said that the most similar event could be the 2008 election campaign , during which many young people rallied behind Barack Obama . "  Well , I got ta say that there is an air of optimism and potential in the election of Barack Obama , " Schreiber said . "  I certainly feel a return to that sense of optimism and patriotism that I think people felt at perhaps the election of Kennedy and the beginning of the civil right 's movement in America and the sexual revolution . ... It did feel somewhat timely . " The movie also tested Hirsch 's and Schreiber personal boundaries : In addition to Schreiber 's dress , Hirsch was naked for one scene . "  It was n't just photographed . I was filmed ! " Hirsch said . "  What was fun about it is it was kind of like this liberating -LSB- situation -RSB- , but that 's what Woodstock was . " As for Schreiber , when his children saw him in a dress , they were "  terrified , " and his partner , actress Naomi Watts , was "  pretty mortified . " "  I think that was sort of the point . I think the message is one of acceptance , " Schreiber said . Scaring the kids is one thing , but what about wearing the dress on the set in front of the cast and crew ? "  It was exhilaratingly humiliating , " Schreiber said . "  I think that 's generally how men feel when they put on dresses . That 's why they do it so often . " CNN 's Katie Walmsley contributed to this story .	"  Taking Woodstock " stars Demetri Martin , Liev Schreiber and Eugene Levy The film tells the story of how Woodstock festival came to fruition The actors said election of Barack Obama shares similiarities with Woodstock "  Taking Woodstock " is due out August 28
Round One is done but this year 's electoral fight between the GOP establishment and the tea party movement is far from over . Moderates scored a victory on Tuesday in North Carolina 's Republican Senate primary when state House Speaker Thom Tillis topped 40 % of the vote , avoiding a runoff in July . 5 takeaways from N.C. primaries Tillis beat a bunch of more conservative candidates for the chance to face off this November against first-term Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan , who is considered very vulnerable in the general election . Flipping her seat and five others held by Democrats would give Republicans control of the Senate . "  There are plenty of fights still to come , and it 's too early to proclaim a winner and a loser . But it 's already clear that the pragmatist conservatives have stopped the anti-establishment 's electoral momentum , " writes Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . Victories by more moderate mainstream candidates improve the GOP 's odds of recapturing the Senate . Democrats hold a 55-45 majority but are defending 21 of the 36 seats up this year . Half of those Democratic seats are in red or purple states , like North Carolina . Mainstream strikes back Since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have produced major headlines and headaches for the GOP and hurt the party 's chances of recapturing the Senate in the past two election cycles . Candidates backed by the tea party and other grass-roots conservatives effectively cost the GOP five winnable Senate elections in 2010 and 2012 in Nevada , Delaware , Colorado , Indiana and Missouri . GOP establishment 1 , tea party 0 after early primary test This time , mainstream Republicans do n't want another sequel . In North Carolina , Tillis grabbed last-minute endorsements from two high-profile Republicans : 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a potential 2016 White House hopeful . More importantly , while none of the candidates in the GOP primary , including Tillis , raised or spent a lot of money , the state House speaker won the backing of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads . Those outside groups spent $ 2.6 million combined to run ads in favor of the candidate . That spending dwarfed money shelled out by outside conservative groups that backed Greg Brannon , a first time candidate endorsed by Sen. Rand Paul , who finished second in the Senate primary . What 's at stake in 2014 ? "  Last night was a victory for Republicans who believe we should nominate the most conservative candidate who can win in November versus the D.C. interest groups who believe the weaker the Republican Party is , the more powerful they are , " said GOP strategist Brian Walsh , who served as National Republican Senatorial Committee communications director the past two election cycles . Was North Carolina a true test ? But some conservative strategists say the showdown in North Carolina was anything but a fair fight . "  When the establishment candidate is the only player on the field actually spending significant money and also runs as conservative , they have an easy path to victory , " Daniel Horwitz , policy director for the Madison Project , told CNN . "  However , you can only fool the people some of the time and eventually they will have to vouch for their support of amnesty , debt ceiling increases , tweaking Obamacare , and corporate welfare . No degree of cash advantage can sell that pig to primary voters , " he said . Since a number of influential tea party groups and conservative organizations stayed on the sidelines in North Carolina , some strategists say the contest was not a true indicator in the fight between the establishment and the grassroots movement . "  The breathless declarations on the death of the Tea Party are so premature it 's laughable . The tea party was split in NC  or stayed out entirely  . Any one pointing to these elections as indicative does n't understand the indicators of a true tea party versus establishment contest , " wrote conservative pollster Chris Wilson . More battles ahead There are primary elections virtually every Tuesday over the next five weeks , so there are more skirmishes to come . Key races to watch in 2014 May 13 : Next Tuesday , the tea party could score what could end up being its only win in Senate primary showdowns this year . Conservative Ben Sasse of Nebraska , president of Midland University , has been showered with support and endorsements recently from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , and Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah , as well as the backing of FreedomWorks , the Senate Conservatives Fund and Club for Growth . Some polling suggests that Sasse is tied with Shane Osborn , the former state treasurer who 's considered the establishment favorite . But on the same day , seven-term Rep. Shelley Moore Capito is expected to easily win the GOP Senate nomination in West Virginia , where the party hopes to snatch the seat long held by retiring Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller . Capito is considered a moderate , and while some conservative groups criticized her early in her bid , she 's faced no serious opposition from the right for the nomination . But a tea party-backed candidate might win the GOP nomination in West Virginia 's 2nd Congressional District , the House seat that Capito has held for seven terms . May 20 : A week later , the action moves to Kentucky , where Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell faces a challenge , and Georgia , where there 's a wide open fight to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss . McConnell is challenged by businessman Matt Bevin , who enjoys strong support from many tea party groups and influential conservative organizations . While the race has seen big spending by the campaigns and outside groups , the five-term McConnell is expected to cruise to renomination . But he faces a serious challenge in November from rising Democratic star Alison Lundergan Grimes . Big-name Democrats are already campaigning for her . In Georgia , Republican Reps. Phil Gingrey , Paul Broun and Jack Kingston , former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel , and businessman David Perdue are the major candidates in the race . Kingston , Perdue and Handel , rather than the more conservative Broun and Gingrey , are considered frontrunners in the contentious Republican primary . The winner will face Michelle Nunn , the all-but-certain Democratic nominee and daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn , a household name in Georgia . On the same day in Oregon , Portland pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby is considered the frontrunner over more conservative state Rep. Jason Conger in the race for the GOP Senate nomination . The winner of that contest will run in November against first-term Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley , who Republicans think might be vulnerable if 2014 turns into a wave year for the GOP . And in Idaho , there 's a high-profile incumbent-vs . - tea party showdown in the House , where eight-term Rep. Mike Simpson faces a serious primary challenge from conservative favorite Bryan Smith . June 3 : Two weeks later , the establishment-vs . - tea party contest shifts to Mississippi , which is among eight states holding primaries that day . Six-term Sen. Thad Cochran is facing a serious challenge from state lawmaker Chris McDaniel in Mississippi . Private polling shows Cochran with a comfortable lead , but outside establishment groups are taking nothing for granted . Fight is far from over The Chamber of Commerce , which represents business interests , says it 's going up on television starting Wednesday with a very large ad buy in two Senate contests and 11 House races , which include some key establishment vs. tea party primary showdowns . While mainstream candidates appear to have the upper hand in most of these upcoming showdowns , tea party leaders say do n't count them out . In the days ahead , we 're supporting some great candidates in competitive primaries , " Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund spokesman Kevin Broughton told CNN . "  In my home state of Mississippi , there 's a war going on ; Chris McDaniel is poised to take down a six-term incumbent U.S. senator . I have n't seen such a hotly contested primary in 20 years , " he said . Even if the establishment rolls to victory after victory in this year 's primaries , a top analyst says this battle is far from over . "  No matter the wins and losses in the GOP ` civil war ' this year , do n't expect this to be the end of that fight . The party remains deeply divided , and both sides have the resources and commitment needed to take the fight into 2015 and 2016 . The war is likely to get messier and the division more consequential before the two sides look for ways to bridge their differences . That should please Democrats , " Rothenberg wrote .	Establishment Republicans avoided costly runoff with tea party opponent in N.C. Tea party Senate candidates failed in general election against Democrats More establishment vs. tea party contests loom over the next five weeks
CNN  -- About 160 people were arrested by Saudi security forces early Friday morning in Buraida for unlawfully protesting outside that city 's Bureau of Investigation and Prosecution , according to the Saudi Press Agency . The spokesman for Qassim police said that 15 women and 6 children were among the 161 people taken in , and that the protesters had been arrested after officers at the scene had failed to convince them to end their demonstration . Buraida , the provincial capital of Qassim Province , is considered part of the ultraconservative heartland of Saudi Arabia . It has been the scene of several small-scale protests the past few months . Demonstrators have repeatedly gathered to demand the release of jailed relatives they say have been held for years without having been charged , tried or given access to lawyers . According to Saudi human rights activists , this latest demonstration was the result of growing anger over the arrest of dozens of female protesters in Buraida earlier in the week . Activists say that about 28 women , many who brought their children , gathered in Buraida on Monday to demand the release of detained family members . A statement issued Friday by Amnesty International criticized the arrests . "  According to reports , " read a release from the rights group , "  those arrested this morning have been transferred to a prison in Tarfiyah , east of Buraida , while those detained since 27 February continue to be held at the central prison in Buraida . No one has had access to the outside world . " "  This cat and mouse game authorities in Saudi Arabia are playing is , simply , outrageous , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program director . "  Instead of persecuting peaceful protesters , what the Saudi Authorities should do is listen to their demands and release all those held solely for exercising their human rights . " One protester on the scene Monday told CNN by phone that while she and the other protesters had been surrounded by police and were afraid of arrest , they would not leave the scene voluntarily until their demands were met . "  We are calling for the release of our family members , like my husband , who 've been in jail for years unlawfully , " said the woman , who requested anonymity for fear for her safety . "  And we 're demanding the ouster of Interior Minister Mohammed Bin Nayef . " After spending the night on the scene , Saudi human rights activists say the women and their children were arrested late Tuesday evening after putting up three tents and vowing to continue their sit in . Amateur videos posted online purported to show women holding up signs demanding the release of imprisoned loved ones , displaying placards saying they were not afraid of the country 's interior minister and chanting slogans , such as , "  The people call for the liberation of the prisons . " In at least one video , female protesters burned a picture of Prince Mohammed , the country 's recently appointed interior minister , a particularly brazen act in such an absolute monarchy . Prince Mohammed is one of the most powerful Saudi government officials , controlling the police , counterterrorism forces , several special forces units , the religious police and more . Demonstrations are prohibited in Saudi Arabia , a deeply conservative country that never experienced the kind of large protests that took root in the region as a result of the Arab Spring . Frederic Wehrey , a senior associate in the Middle East Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , says that while burning a picture of the country 's interior minister is a big deal in such a conservative part of Saudi Arabia , "  we are still very far from an organized , coordinated groundswell that could in any way challenge the ruling family . " Lately , however , the number of dissenting voices in the kingdom has been growing . Rights activists say the Saudi Arabian government has detained thousands of citizens in connection with the country 's counterterrorism efforts and that anger there is rising as a result . In his statement on Friday , Qassim 's police spokesman said that those arrested Thursday "  will be referred to the competent authorities to complete the legal procedures against them . " He said that the gathering in Buraida on Thursday had been "  an attempt to turn public opinion by taking advantage of those who have been accused and convicted of activities of the deviant groups . " The term "  deviant groups " is the language typically used by the Saudi government when referring to terrorist groups . Many relatives of detainees say their loved ones have no connection to terrorism and have been detained for long periods of time without being tried and with no access to lawyers . As a result , say activists , in the past two year an increasing number of sit ins and demonstrations have been held . Abdulaziz Al-Shubaily , an activist and member of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , said "  many prisoners have been in jail for years without having been charged . " "  There 's no reason for that , " added Al-Shubaily . "  If you 're not going to charge someone , you should release them . " According to activists , women protesters and several children were arrested in early January and February after also calling for the release of jailed loved ones . Those arrests sparked outrage and inspired more small-scale demonstrations in other cities . When asked in late January about demonstrators ' claims that their relatives are political prisoners who should be released , Interior Ministry Spokesman Major Gen. Mansour Al-Turki told CNN that Saudi government officials would not comment on cases currently being "  looked at by the courts . " In the country 's Eastern Province , larger-scale protests by members of Saudi Arabia 's Shiite minority population have at time turned deadly . Demonstrators there have n't just called for the release of political prisoners , they 've also been demanding equal rights . Wehrey calls the prisoner issue "  the most explosive grievance in the kingdom right now . " "  That said , I think it will remain contained , " he explained . "  The ruling family still has enormous co-optive and repressive resources at its disposal . It is still able to present itself as the glue that binds the country together , an indispensable arbiter over a fractious and dangerously conservative population . "	NEW : Amnesty International calls arrests persecution Dozens protest in city Demonstrators have been upset over pace of judicial system Saudi official makes reference to "  deviant groups "
CNN  -- Facebook is adding new security features , which come after a pair of high-profile cracks in the site 's defenses that surfaced this week . One new mechanism is called "  social authentication . " To combat spam and prevent strangers from weaseling into your account , the system will sometimes show the user a friend 's headshot and ask to match a name to that face . This multiple-choice photo quiz is a new take on a common Web system called Captcha . The older method displays a picture of some squiggly letters and asks you to type those on the keyboard . It 's used for verifying that a site 's user is a person and not a computer program looking to exploit systems . Facebook reduced spam from partners ' applications by 95 % last year , Bret Taylor , the company 's technology chief , said at a conference this week . The social networking giant currently employs Captcha technology , but this new method could supplant that . Adding this human touch could not only combat robot intruders but also weirdos who try to thumb through your account after you forget to log out of the library computer . "  The vast majority of people who have used Facebook have never experienced a security problem , " Alex Rice , a Facebook security engineer , wrote on the company blog . "  However , if we detect suspicious activity on your account , like if you logged in from California in the morning and then from Australia a few hours later , we may ask you to verify your identity so we can be sure your account has n't been compromised . " Facebook also started rolling out the option to securely browse the social networking site using a secure connection . Like the technology used by banking and some e-mail services like Gmail and Hotmail , this defense encrypts all information to and from Facebook so that it 's much harder for someone to eavesdrop on the Wi-Fi line . "  With a little motivation and not much skill , it 's fairly trivial to sniff HTTP traffic , " Alan Ross , the lead security analyst for Intel IT , told CNN in November . "  Maybe I want to see all Web traffic for Facebook because I want to see what the interesting person across the cafe is updating on Facebook . " Soon , Facebook account holders concerned about hackers can turn on the "  secure browsing " option in their settings panel . Two Facebook users in particular should be advised to opt in to the feature . Mark Zuckerberg , the company 's CEO , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy were both victims of intruders on their Facebook pages this week .	Facebook adds a security feature that asks you to identify friends in pictures The social networking site is also adding the option of secure Web browsing These additions come after a pair of high-profile hacks on the site this week
Seriously endowed , dirndl-straining blonde waitresses at risk of a major wardrobe malfunction ferry armloads of steins from table to table in a sloshy blur . Manly , thigh-slapping hunks in clingy lederhosen , pound down torrents of weizen beer . Teutonic endorphins are on parade . This could only be summer in Bavaria . Look at any beer ad or wander into any beer garden and you 'll realize that Bavarians absolutely revel in the traditional cliches about beer and go to great lengths to live up to them . Then there 's Sister Doris . A quiet sensation hidden behind monastery walls , she 's been turning water into beer at Mallersdorf , a 12th-century abbey in the Bavarian highlands , for more than 40 years . She 's a certified master brewer . She 's also a Franciscan nun . The local beer culture notwithstanding , Sister Doris is living proof that women are destined for a higher calling than simply serving beer and starring in Germany 's retrograde beer ads . Germany 's beer scene is seriously dude-centric . And Bavaria 's is even more so . The regional trade association does n't have a single woman in its ranks . 10 of Asia 's best beer bars ` Ladies who lager ' Only a small handful of women brew beer in Bavaria . And the notion that "  women do n't like beer " still holds sway . Which is why Sister Doris is so important . She 's one of a tiny group of "  ladies who lager " -- female brewmasters who are charting their own course and debunking stereotypes about women and beer . Like many monasteries back in the day , Mallersdorf Abbey became a magnet for pilgrims seeking blessings from saints ' relics on display in the abbey church . With droves of visitors in need of sustenance and an iffy water supply from pathogen-laden streams and wells , beer was one of the few drinks that was safe in the Middle Ages . This is why beer-making gradually became an important sideline at monasteries throughout Europe . It flourished at Mallersdorf , as well , but was sidelined by the growth of secular breweries and not revived until 1881 , when the current brew house was built . What sets Mallersdorf apart from the handful of other surviving abbey breweries is that Sister Doris is the only remaining nun brewmaster -- in all of Europe . On brewing day , she 's excused from morning prayers and makes her way to the abbey brew house by 3:30 a.m. Depending on the season , she can be found crafting a copper-toned vollbier  lager  , a dark zoigl , a contemplative doppelbock or spritzy maibock . It 's the stuff of gods . She gives a thumbs down to Bavaria 's favorite weizen beer and does n't bother to brew it . In Bavaria , this borders on apostasy . Sister Doris does n't care -- she 's a woman of decided tastes and firm opinions . ` Women 's work ' Catholic nuns , by tradition , are destined for a life of prayer and service from the moment they enter the convent . In what must be the most unusual career move ever made by a nun , when Sister Doris took the veil she became a brewmaster instead , succeeding the elderly Franciscan sister who had been operating the abbey brewery since the 1930s . "  She looked me up and down like a farmer eyes an ox , " Sister Doris tells a visitor about her selection process . Sister Doris got the job . Fresh out of training , master brewer 's certificate in hand , she took over the brewery in 1975 . "  Beer brewing is women 's work , " she says , adding that female brewers were common in the Middle Ages . She 's proud that northern Bavaria has the largest number of female brewers in Germany . Among them are Sigi and Barbara Friedmann and the Meinel sisters , who are rocking the Bavarian beer scene with a new line of craft brews . As any lover of artisanal beer will point out , there 's an inverse relationship between size and quality . Stated simply : the bigger the brewery , the less interesting the beer . Or to put it the other way around : the smaller the brewery and the closer the brewer is to the brewing process , the more flavorful the beer is likely to be . Sister Doris proves this maxim . Mallersdorf operates in splendid isolation , far from brewing hubs like Munich , Bamberg , Hamburg and Berlin . Measured by volume , scale , efficiency , size of ad budget  zero  or any other metric , the abbey brewery is 100 % old school . Just how far under the radar it operates becomes clear when you realize that Sister Doris brews only 3,000 hectoliters  just under 80,000 gallons  a year . To say that this is infinitesimal by industry standards is an understatement . Global giants Coors and Anheuser-Busch/InBev turn out the same amount of beer every eight minutes . There 's a catch though . Not only is Sister Doris 's beer -- luscious as it is -- not exported . It 's available only in the nooks and crannies of eastern Bavaria . Brand Doris With an iconic brewmaster like Sister Doris and exceptional beers that are loaded with character , Mallersdorf could grow . The Franciscans , however , are apparently not inclined to expand or leverage the beer 's local following into something bigger . It seems they have no ambitions beyond selling their beer "  um den Kirchturm " -- around the proverbial church tower . This means beer lovers in the United States , Canada , UK , Australia , New Zealand and other countries experiencing the craft beer revolution wo n't be tasting Sister Doris 's beer locally anytime soon . Drinkers need to travel to Germany , but even then , they may not have an easy go of it . The tourist infrastructure in the immediate area is n't well developed . The brewery does n't have a website or its own telephone number . And , while pilgrimages to the abbey and Marian shrine in the nearby village of Haindling are encouraged , tours of the brewery are n't offered . Those who do make it to eastern Bavaria and Mallersdorf Abbey can sample Sister Doris 's brews at the abbey tap  klosterbraustuberl  , run by Renate und Heinz Bauer  Nardinistrasse 1 , Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg ; +49 772 915470  . The concept of "  marketing " would likely fall under its own weight if anybody ever tried to interest the Franciscan sisters of Mallersdorf in it . Sister Doris carries the brewery on the strength of her reputation , the fiercely loyal following she enjoys and the breakout quality of the beer she brews . Mallersdorf Abbey has a "  brand " and her name is Sister Doris .	Franciscan nun Sister Doris is one of only a handful of women working in Bavaria 's beer industry Sister Doris is excused from morning prayers so she can get an early start on her daily brewing routines She 's reckoned to be the last in a long line of nuns engaged in traditional beer making in Europe
CNN  -- Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney has scored the endorsement of Bob Dole , who lauded the former Massachusetts governor in an ad Sunday in Iowa 's The Des Moines Register newspaper . The public endorsement comes one day after the Register -- Iowa 's largest newspaper -- backed Romney in his bid for the Republican presidential nomination and just over two weeks before Iowa 's critical presidential caucuses on January 3 . In his advertisement , Dole said Romney is the GOP candidate is best suited to defeat President Barack Obama in 2012 . "  I 've known Mitt and his family for decades . His parents instilled in him a strong work ethic , rock-solid conservative values , and a deep sense of service to others , " the former Kansas senator and 1996 GOP presidential nominee wrote . "  These traits -- which have shone through in both the debates and in my own visits with him -- will serve him well in the White House . " Dole also said Romney "  rescued a flailing Winter Olympics when it was mired in financial scandal . " And as governor of Massachusetts , Dole wrote , Romney "  managed to both balance the state 's budget and cut taxes while dealing with an overwhelmingly Democratic state legislature . " The Register 's editorial board said Romney was the most qualified candidate competing in the caucuses . While the paper did n't endorse Romney during his last run for president in 2007 , the editorial board said voters now face a different GOP field and Romney "  has matured as a candidate . " "  Rebuilding the economy is the nation 's top priority , and Romney makes the best case among the Republicans that he could do that , " the editorial board wrote . The board hailed Romney for his "  solid credentials , " saying he was the most likely candidate to see through "  knee-jerk , ideological " perspectives and "  bridge the political divide in Washington . " Taking issue with the two other top-tier candidates , the paper claimed Romney stood out against former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , whom the board called "  an undisciplined partisan who would alienate , not unite , if he reverts to mean-spirited attacks on display as House speaker . " It also criticized Texas Rep. Ron Paul as someone with a libertarian ideology that would "  lead to economic chaos and isolationism . " Also significant , the board somewhat defended Romney against a line of attack taken by opponents who criticize him as a "  flip-flopper . " "  Though Romney has tended to adapt some positions to different times and places , he is hardly unique . It should be possible for a politician to say , ' I was wrong , and I have changed my mind ' , " the paper wrote . But the paper still reserved questions over his changing tune on issues such as abortion and said it was up to the voters to decide "  whether such subtly nuanced statements express Romney 's true beliefs or if he 's trying to have it both ways . " While the paper 's endorsement is highly coveted , it does not necessarily spell success for a candidate . In the last election cycle , the paper endorsed GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who did n't actively campaign in the state and took third place in the caucuses , while former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee pulled off a surprise victory . The newspaper has long endorsed candidates for the general presidential election , but it began making endorsements for the caucuses in 1988 . Since then , three of its choices went on to win the contest : Dole in 1996 and 1988 and then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush in 2000 . In addition , three endorsees eventually secured the Republican nomination : Dole in 1996 , Bush in 2000 and McCain in 2008 . Only one of its chosen candidates - Bush in 2000 - went on to win the White House . According to an American Research Group poll taken Dec. 8-11 , Romney placed second in the Hawkeye State with 17 % of support among likely caucus voters , while Gingrich took first with 22 % . Paul tied with Romney at 17 % On Friday , Romney garnered a nod from South Carolina Republican Gov. Nikki Haley . South Carolina 's primary , set for January 21 , is the first presidential contest in the South and the third overall in the early voting season . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Robert Yoon , Oliver Janney and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	The two endorsements come about two weeks before the Iowa caucus Bob Dole and The Des Moines Register 's editorial board praise Mitt Romney 's credentials The paper 's support is coveted , but a number of previous picks have not won the White House Romney earlier won the endorsement of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley
Sen. Robert Menendez , who has been dogged by a federal corruption probe , suggests he was the target of a Cuban intelligence smear plot over allegations -- which the FBI has discounted -- that he had sex with underage prostitutes in the Dominican Republic . The New Jersey Democrat told CNN in an exclusive interview on Tuesday that the Justice Department should look at any evidence it may have that he was the subject of a conspiracy by the regime to spread false allegations . Menendez said he has for years had a "  firm position in opposition to the Cuban regime " on grounds that it violates human rights . "  The democracy of the people of Cuba -- I have been outspoken in that regard , and I would n't be surprised that the regime would do anything it can to stop me from being in a position that ultimately would impede their hopes of getting a different relationship with the United States based upon their interest not the interest of the American people , " he said . A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN later Tuesday that investigators have been aware of Menendez 's allegation about the Cuban intelligence smear for some time . Moreover , they have found no evidence to support the claim that Cuba tried to smear the senator . From his perch as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Menendez has pushed the Obama administration to hold the line on sanctions against the regime of Raul Castro . The Cuban Interests Section in Washington did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . But an article posted on the Cuban government-run website Cubadebate denied Menendez 's allegations . "  The senator 's strategy is nothing more or less than to blame Cuba , an old recourse of counter revolutionary Cuban politicians to wash away their failings , " it said . The story added that the Cuban government has "  no ties " to the Daily Caller which first reported the prostitution story . FBI found no merit in claim It 's a dramatic twist to an already sensational story . The FBI found no merit in the prostitution angle when it investigated previously . But the latest development may complicate an ongoing federal corruption probe of Menendez . His comments on Cuba amount to a legal Hail Mary . Authorities are investigating his relationship with political donors , including one whose ophthalmology practice in Florida has been scrutinized for its billing practices . The Washington Post first reported the latest turn in the story Monday night , saying the suggestion of a Cuban smear is based on a CIA finding that Cuban intelligence agents were behind the prostitution claims . The CIA declined to comment . Such a formal finding by the agency would be unusual -- though not unheard of -- because the FBI , not the CIA , has primary responsibility to investigate foreign intelligence operations against a U.S. government official . A person familiar with the Menendez legal strategy said his attorney , Stephen Ryan , asked the Justice Department in a letter to investigate the Cuba situation . Menendez called any suggestion that he was trying to create a diversion or check the federal corruption probe with his Cuba comments a "  pretty far-fetched idea . " But he said that it "  seems to me " the government "  has the proof , " based on the Washington post reporting . "  As far as I am concerned , you know , it is the government that should produce the information that they supposedly have within their own agencies , " Menendez said . If the CIA finding is true , the person said , then the corruption probe would be tainted by the fact Menendez was a victim of a foreign intelligence smear . 2013 : Sen. Menendez faces scrutiny over ties to Florida doctor Tipster triggered probe , stories The episode began in April 2012 when a tipster alerted the Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility in Washington , a watchdog group , that he had evidence Menendez engaged in sex tourism by traveling to meet underage prostitutes in the Dominican Republic . An FBI agent in Miami attempted to run down the tip , but nothing materialized . The tipster would n't provide additional information or talk to the agent , according to e-mail records forwarded to media . The purported prostitutes also recanted their claims . At the time , Menendez was ascending to the top foreign affairs committee post in the Democratic-controlled Senate . The FBI 's foray into that allegation dovetailed with the wider , ongoing federal investigation focused on the Florida donor , who for years has fought allegations that he overbilled Medicare . The FBI 's investigation is also examining efforts by Menendez to advocate on behalf of two Ecuadorian brothers , whose family members are political donors to him and who are fighting extradition to their homeland to face embezzlement charges . People familiar with the investigation say the overall probe continues , with the FBI and prosecutors still examining whether Menendez broke any laws in his ties to political donors . Lawyer : Senator and Dominican prostitutes story cooked up by Cuban intelligence agents 2013 : Dominican police : Women were paid to lie about Sen. Robert Menendez 2013 Report : DEA agents made prostitute arrangements for Secret Service agent	U.S. official : No evidence to support claim Cuba tried to smear Sen. Robert Menendez Allegations were that Menendez traveled to have sex with underage Dominican prostitutes The FBI found no merit in that when it followed up on a tip Government-run site says Cuba denies Menendez suggestion of smear campaign
CNN  -- A massive winter storm spanning 20 states dumped more than a foot of snow in some places Thursday and brought life to a standstill in parts of the central United States . About 60 million people -- 20 % of the U.S. population -- were under winter weather warnings , watches and advisories in the 750,000 square miles affected . Statewide emergency declared Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency . Snow , sleet and ice could wreak havoc , and parts of the state could see more than 10 inches of snow . Kansas City , Missouri , Mayor Sly James also declared a state of emergency . There were 250 snow plows working to clear roads in the city , and residents were urged to limit travel . Kansas City International Airport shut down because of the weather , according to Joe McBride with the city 's aviation department . The city picked up 7.6 inches of snow , a record daily snowfall , the National Weather Service said . CNN iReporter Joseph Kopel posted photos of empty shelves in St. Joseph , Missouri , on Wednesday as people stocked up for the blizzard . Authorities in Kansas had closed a 240-mile stretch of Interstate 70 west of Salina earlier in the day . Two dozen soldiers from the Kansas National Guard later searched the interstate and U.S. Highways 54 and 400 farther south for any stranded travelers . In Wichita , despite crews spreading salt and sand across roads for days , many roads remained slick . Side streets were worse , CNN affiliate KSN reported . Gov. Sam Brownback called for people to stay home . "  If you do n't have to travel , do n't do it , " the governor said . The storm started to wind down Thursday night in Wichita after leaving 14.2 inches of snow over two days -- the second highest storm total in the city 's history , according to the National Weather Service . Topeka received 9.2 inches of snow . The University of Kansas closed two of its campuses -- in Lawrence and Overland Park , both near Kansas City -- through Friday because of the weather . Across the country , flights were canceled or delayed because of weather . St. Louis , Dallas/Fort Worth , Chicago 's O'Hare , and Denver had the most cancellations and delays after Kansas City , according to FlightStats , which tracks air travel . United Airlines announced Thursday that certain affected travelers can change their itineraries without paying fees . Track winter weather across the U.S. . Some drought relief expected There is a silver lining for some areas facing the heavy snowfall . "  Big chunks of Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas " are facing exceptional drought , HLN meteorologist Bob Van Dillen said . "  You squeeze out the water from the melting snow , and you 're talking 1 to 2 inches of water for those dry regions . " Wednesday , CNN iReporter Doug Simonton in Tulsa , Oklahoma , posted a photo of a car covered in snow and said numerous traffic accidents had been reported around town . A large system The storm system is huge and carries with it a warmer , wetter Southern component . It will eventually stretch from the Dakotas to Houston , Myers said . While it will remain snowy in the north , the system was forecast to spawn torrential rains and tornadoes along the Gulf Coast and dump freezing rain over Arkansas and Missouri . Arizona golf tournament suspended because of snow "  There 's going to be a monster ice storm over Springfield and Branson , Missouri . Think of an inch of ice coating everything , " Myers said . "  Power lines will be coming down . Trees will be coming down . " In St. Louis , freezing rain is predicted to fall on top of a thin layer of snow , which will have "  a significant impact on travel , " the National Weather Service warned . North of where the most snow will fall , Chicago could receive as much as 6 inches , CNN 's Sarah Dillingham said . The city is running 15 inches below its average snowfall for the season . Southern downpours Severe thunderstorms moving in from the Gulf of Mexico are expected to bring 2 to 6 inches of rain to New Orleans and Montgomery , Alabama , according to CNN 's weather center , before rolling up toward Atlanta . The torrential rains could lead to significant river flooding , as flood watches are still in effect from last week 's heavy rains . Heavy winds , hail and tornadoes are possible , the National Weather Service said . Downpours are expected to continue into Friday . Desert dwellers stunned On Wednesday , the winter storm system left a rare thin layer of snow across the deserts of Arizona , New Mexico and southern California as far south as the border with Mexico . "  I 've been here for over 10 years and I 've never seen it snow like this , " Kayla Avery of Tucson , Arizona , said in a CNN iReport , which came with a video of the snowfall . "  There is more snow on the ground in Tucson today than I have seen in over 30 years living here , " Carrie Tucker said in another iReport . Mona Jensen of Dolan Springs , Arizona , posted photos of her 8-acre property blanketed by snow . Katie June in Yucca Valley , California , shared a shot of a snow-covered cactus . "  Some of the larger ones are having a hard time , " she wrote . "  But they all enjoy the drink ! " Joan Dedmon in Tuscon , Arizona , also found snow on cacti and shared a picture of a snow-covered birdfeeder . She said it confused the hummingbirds who were trying to get a meal before dark . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Mike Pearson and Pedram Javaheri contributed to this report .	NEW : Wichita receives 14.2 inches of snow over two days NEW : Kansas crews search I-70 after shutting down a 240-mile stretch NEW : Snow even reaches southern California and the Arizona desert
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Capitol Police arrested a man Friday after an officer spotted a rifle in his car when he stopped the officer to ask for directions two blocks from the Capitol building . Police inspect the suspect 's vehicle in Washington on Friday . Christopher Shelton Timmons , 27 , has been charged with carrying a deadly weapon , having an unregistered firearm and having unregistered ammunition , Capitol Police spokeswoman Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said . In addition to the rifle -- an AK-47 -- police found a grenade , a pistol , ammunition , loaded magazines "  and several other items of concern to the police " in the Jeep Cherokee he was driving . Authorities said Timmons was convicted of carrying a concealed weapon in March in Albemarle County , Virginia , and served a month in jail . In that incident , Timmons had two grenades in his car , said Albemarle Police Chief John Miller . The pins had been removed and the grenades were filled with powder , authorities said . They had an adhesive on top to close them and a firecracker for a fuse . Law enforcement sources said the grenades were similar to an item found in Timmons vehicle Friday . That device has been taken to the FBI facility in Quantico , Virginia . Members of the joint terrorism task force are involved in the investigation , sources said , but so far no one is suggesting Timmons was planning an attack of some kind . CNN Justice Correspondent Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Police say suspect had AK-47 , grenade , pistol , ammunition in car Suspect Christopher S. Timmons was recently convicted on weapons charge Timmons had stopped officer to ask directions
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- A "  Plan C " oil drill to reach 33 miners trapped in Chile is scheduled to start in earnest early Wednesday amid hopes it will provide a faster solution than the other two methods used . But officials do not know how long it will take the drill , normally used in to drill for oil , to reach the men trapped 700 meters  2,300 feet  underground . By Wednesday afternoon , the Plan C drill reached 40 meters , officials said . The plan is for the new drill to descend vertically for at least 40 meters before turning at an angle to reach the underground ramp that leads to the miners , said Andre Sougarret , manager of the state copper mining company . Sougarret said that attaching directional motors to the drill would slow it to a speed of 1 meter per hour , adding that 20 to 30 meters per day "  would be a good average . " Under optimal conditions , it is capable of drilling 1,000 meters in 24 hours , said Juan Carlos Marin , a site representative for Schlumberger oil services company . Meanwhile , the Plan A drill was 366 meters in , and the Plan B drill , which was widening a hole it made , was at 85 meters , Sougarret said . The Plan B drill was temporarily halted Wednesday after the drill bit came loose and fell down the mine , he said . "  We felt a loss of pressure , and the miners called us to say the bit had fallen into the mine , " Sougarret said . Officials believe that the malfunction occurred after the drill moved from hard rock to softer material . The bit that fell will remain in the mine , and a spare drill bit will be used , officials said . Government engineers are finalizing designs for three rescue capsules , which will be sent down the completed rescue shaft to extract the miners one by one , according to Sougarret . The capsules will take 10 to 12 days to build . Sougarret said the largest of the miners measures 48 inches around the shoulders . The "  design of the capsule is being completed with this in mind , " Sougarret said . Despite the fact that Plan C is capable of significantly higher speeds than drills A and B , Sougarret would not move up the expected date of the miners ' rescue . "  My sources are the technical indicators , and we are still working toward the beginning of November , " Sougarret said . Engineers are dealing with hard rock and a much smaller area than they normally encounter , Marin said . "  When we drill for oil , we have a much bigger target area of perhaps 50 or 60 meters . Here we have a margin of error of just 4 meters , " he said . The need for precision in this drilling operation means the drill will move much more slowly , he said , but he gave no precise predictions . "  If we did not have such a specific objective at 700 meters , then we could do this in two days , " he said . "  But what changes all this is that we have to reach an objective with precision , and so we do not know how long that could take . " For now , the company has told Chilean officials that it could take 40 days to complete the work , he said . He did not say whether time it took to assemble the rig and drill the pilot hole was included in that time frame . Two other drills are also trying to reach the miners , who have been trapped since the August 5 cave-in . The drills , dubbed Plan A and Plan B , each require two holes to be drilled and have been moving at a rate of 30 or 40 meters a day . Officials are planning how they will bring the miners to the surface once a bore hole is wide enough for the task . The daunting rescue may require an oxygen-fed cage that will haul them up one at a time . Previously , officials have said that the workers could be rescued , if all goes well , in late October or early November . "  When I look at their faces on their video they have sent to the surface , I would love to have them out by tomorrow , " Marin said . CNN 's Esprit Smith and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	The Plan C option is normally used to drill for oil The 33 miners have been trapped since August 5 Rescuers are using three drilling methods to reach them
CNN  -- Premier League big-spenders Manchester City are set to fine record signing Robinho for his training ground walk-out in Tenerife last week . Manchester City have confirmed Robinho will be fined following his Tenerife walk-out last week . The 25-year-old striker made an unscheduled departure , flying home to Brazil without telling City manager Mark Hughes that he had to attend to some "  urgent family business " . It was expected that Hughes would fine the # 32.5 million  $ 46m  striker approximately two weeks wages , which would be touching # 200,000  $ 283.5 m  , but there have also been suggestions that the City manager would not impose a punishment at all . However , Hughes has denied that allegation , confirming that Robinho will be punished . "  I 've had a talk with Robinho , " Hughes told the UK 's Press Association . "  I have read some of the things that have been said this morning but nothing could be further from the truth . "  I have told Robby about the situation and our intention is to fine him . But there is a disciplinary procedure that has to be gone through and that is what we are doing at the moment . But what I would like to say is that he will be treated no differently to any other member of the squad . " Robinho returned to Manchester from South America at the weekend and trained yesterday . It is expected he will line-up alongside new arrivals Craig Bellamy and Nigel de Jong when City entertain Newcastle in the Premier League on Wednesday evening .	Manchester City confirm they will fine Robinho after his walk-out in Tenerife Manager Mark Hughes was reacting to reports Robhinho would not be fined Club record signing returned to his native Brazil without permission last week
EW.com  -- HBO will bow the fourth and final season of "  Eastbound and Down " on Sept. 29 . Production on the eight-episode season will start Friday in North Carolina . The single-camera comedy stars Kenny Powers as a former major league pitcher . The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be its last , though HBO convinced star Danny McBride and executive producers Jody Hill , Will Ferrell , Chris Henchy and Adam McKay to create more episodes of the cult hit . The upcoming fourth season picks up the action several years later and finds Kenny living the American Dream with his family in North Carolina . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The final season of "  Eastbound and Down " is coming Production will start Friday in North Carolina The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be the last
CNN  The last time Muhammadu Buhari came to power in Nigeria , it was by force . This time it was by the ballot box . Here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country 's history is so important . For the first time in Nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections . Muhammadu Buhari , 72 , won Nigeria 's presidential election , defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes . Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa ; it is also one of Africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States . This is n't Buhari 's first time leading Nigeria -- but it 's his first time in nearly 30 years . The reformed dictator is a Sunni Muslim from Nigeria 's poorer North , while Jonathan comes from a Christian and animist South that is rich with oil . Buhari 's win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country . Many Nigerians told CNN that they saw President Jonathan as an ineffectual leader who was indecisive in dealing with the terror group Boko Haram -- and weak on corruption . Buhari , who was campaigning for the fourth time , capitalized on these weaknesses and some analysts believe that his military background was an advantage for him . Nigerians wanted a strong leader who could keep them safe from Boko Haram 's murderous raids -- and Buhari also campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime the last time around . He stressed that Nigeria 's security needs to be the next government 's focus . His campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption -- he ran under the slogan of "  new broom , " and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote . The elections were largely predicted to be violent and everyone , Nigerians included , expected the worst . Some families moved abroad and there was sporadic violence across the country in the lead up to the election . But those fears turned out to be mostly unfounded , and the elections held relatively peacefully -- with the exception of attacks in the north of the country , where around 11 people died . Many also praised President Jonathan 's gracious and quick concession of defeat as it almost certainly prevented post-election violence . President-elect Buhari said Wednesday in a speech to the nation : "  The eyes of the world were focused on us to see if we can vote in a peaceful way and carry out elections in an orderly manner . "  We have proven to the world that we are a people who have embraced democracy and a people who seek a government by , for and for the people . " On election day , Nigerians queued for hours in hot weather to cast their vote . Some of the biometric reader machines malfunctioned -- including the one at President Jonathan 's polling station -- and voting had to be extended into the following day . But the technical issues did n't keep people from voting -- and in Lagos , some voters cast their ballots with the aid of the light from their mobile phones . And even though some card readers did n't work in some places , many say they helped to cut down on vote rigging . Boko Haram is n't the only obstacle facing the new president . The economy , crime and generating enough power to light up the country are other major issues . The pressure will soon be on Buhari to deliver and there will be no excuses . If he fails , Nigerians will be waiting for him at the polls just four short years from now .	Muhammadu Buhari 's win marks the first democratic transition of power from a ruling party to the opposition Nigeria , the most populous country in Africa , is grappling with violent Boko Haram extremists
LAGUNA DE BAY , Philippines  CNN  -- Water is a lifeline for the farmers and fishermen who live along Laguna de Bay , the largest lake in the Philippines . The rich ecosystem also serves as a reservoir to catch floodwaters to save Manila , on its western shore , from drowning . People use a canoe to cross floodwaters in Manila 's Laguna de Bay neighborhood . But water became the Philippines ' biggest enemy last week as Typhoon Parma dumped as much as 36 inches of rain in some parts of this nation of islands , compounding misery in areas already flooded by earlier storm Ketsana . Fears of disease are rising . So are the tempers of residents , who blame the government for doing too little too late . Parma made landfall Saturday in Cagayan Province in the northern Philippines , with maximum sustained winds measured at approximately 148 kph  92 mph  . The Philippines National Disaster Coordinating Council reported that the storm affected more than 338,000 people , displaced 85,000 and killed at least 16 . Tuesday morning , Parma , known locally as Pepeng , was still hovering off the northwestern coast of the Philippines with wind gusts up to 135 kph  84 mph  . Its predecessor , Ketsana , affected more than 3.9 million people , displaced more than 335,000  many of whom remain in shelters  and left 295 dead . It swallowed homes and buses , and dumped more rain on Manila than it has seen in 40 years , leaving 80 percent of the bustling capital submerged . The water -- rancid , stagnant , infested -- has now been standing for 10 days . Read about the fate of a farming community in Cagayan As many as 2 million homes are partly submerged in metropolitan Manila , according to the government . People wade through the murky stuff in flip-flops or bare feet . They use tractors , boats and makeshift barges to navigate the main thoroughfare . Wooden furniture stands soaked , on the verge of rotting . Valuables like stereo systems sit atop chairs and tables , and families have been sleeping on elevated beds . Garbage is clogging the city 's aged drainage and sewage systems . Watch Manila residents battle floodwaters " Manila generates 6,700 tons of trash a day , estimates the Asian Development Bank . Much of it is dumped on the streets or illegally into waterways , all of it under water now . Children play -- some with water guns -- in it , as though it were the neighborhood swimming pool . Fears of water-borne disease have permeated the area . "  All the children have diarrhea , " said resident Jojo Gadista , who , like everyone else , has floodwater inside his house . "  I do n't know how to fix the situation . " Parma is forecast to remain almost stationary over the next 24 hours . That means more rain will surely fall in the northern Philippines . Scattered storms are forecast for Manila . The government offered a grim prognostication . Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro , who is in charge of relief operations , said the water may not fully recede until Christmas . "  That is why we have to work to try and dredge things and try to clean up , " he said . But many poor families are desperate to get their lives back . Hundreds of people waited at a bridge for government boats . Some were there all night . They were promised food at 10 in the morning . At 4 p.m. , they were still waiting . They stretched their arms when a private relief truck stopped to hand out to each person two packages of noodles , a bottle of drinking water , a canned good , rice and coffee -- donations from wealthy Filipinos . Teodoro said many people in cities and towns around Laguna de Bay opted not to evacuate ; that it was a challenge to ensure their safety . "  They really will not leave their most valuable worldly possessions , " he said . When you are poor , it is hard to leave the only thing you have , Gadista said . "  This is where our livelihood is . We ca n't leave this place . " This place , where normally , water is a godsend . CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff contributed to this story .	Typhoon Parma leaves Philippines capital Manila partly submerged Disease now a threat from stagnant standing water Parma remains a threat -- continuing to dump rain on the city
Boston  CNN  -- As the seven-week-long parade that was the trial of Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger passed by , jurors , courtroom spectators and the public watched and listened as former bookies , former drug dealers , extortion victims , gangsters , convicted killers , families of murder victims , and former FBI agents made their appearances . Everyone in that parade had one thing in common : their lives were forever altered by the 83-year-old man who now sat day after day after day at the defense table . In courtroom give-and-take , there was profanity , there was violence echoing in the testimony of some witnesses as they described killings in gruesome detail , there was pain etched into the court record by the words of relatives as they remembered loved ones lost to Bulger 's wrath . In the end , the jury came back with a guilty verdict on 31 of 32 counts against Bulger , including involvement in 11 murders , extortion , money laundering and weapons possession . But for those who became part of the Whitey Bulger parade -- and who still walk through their days with its many impacts -- the verdict was n't really the end . Bulger linked to 11 murders "  I said ` rat-tat-tat-tat ' as Whitey was being led out of the court room , because it was reference to the comment he had ... about killing my father , " Cheryl Connors said after court Monday . The jury found that Bulger was involved in killing "  Eddie " Connors , a Dorchester bartender who was lured to a phone booth in 1975 and murdered with a machine gun . Bulger was the shooter , according to witness testimony . During the trial the jury heard a recorded conversation with Bulger describing the murder of Connors and imitating the sound of a machine gun . "  Eddie Connors ... the guy in the phone booth ... pa-pa-pa-pa pow , " Bulger said in the recorded chat with relatives . So Cheryl Connors made her own machine-gun sounds Monday . "  I yelled that as he was going out , knowing that he would know what I was talking about , " she said . That recorded phone conversation was one of the few moments the jury heard Bulger 's voice , except for a few expletives he let loose from time to time to describe witnesses or testimony not to his liking . In the early days of the trial , it was like a meeting of old friends , Bulger listening carefully -- laughing heartily at one point -- to colorful recollections of former Boston bookie Richard O'Brien , who ran a successful bookmaking operation that he inherited from his father . Bulger guilty in killings , racketeering But this was no remember-when reunion between two elderly men . The 84-year-old O'Brien , who lives in Florida and uses a wheel chair , described a meeting between Bulger and a man who owed him money . When the man balked at paying , Bulger replied , "  We have a business besides bookmaking . " "  What 's that ? " the man asked . "  Killing  expletive  like you . " Bulger , who had shown little emotion up during the trial until then , threw his head back and let out a laugh . Hitman , convicted killer , and former partner John Martorano also took the stand and implicated Bulger in 13 murders . Martorano alluded to Bulger as "  Judas , " a term that he described as "  a person like an informant , a rat , a no-good guy . I was brought up that that was the worst thing in the world . " Although Bulger 's lawyers tried to highlight inconsistencies in Martorano 's testimony , he did n't waiver , declaring he had n't lied to prosecutors since cutting a deal that guaranteed his testimony in exchange for a 14-year sentence . Martorano admitted to over 20 murders and served just 12 years on good behavior before becoming a free man in 2007 . Prosecutors revealed a 700-page file that showed Bulger was on the FBI books as an informant for nearly 20 years , at the same time he was committing acts of murder , extortion , and money-laundering . In a trial that exposed deep-seated corruption in the FBI and government during Bulger 's heyday , jurors heard from a disgraced FBI supervisor who admitted to tipping off Bulger 's rogue informant handler that one of Bulger 's associates had turned and had become an informant . Disgraced John Morris apologized in court to the family of Michael Donahue , one of the victims determined by the jury to have died when he was caught in the crossfire of an attempted hit on another man . Morris said he was sorry for leaking sensitive information that eventually made its way to the reputed South Boston crime boss and cost Donahue his life . "  I do n't ask for your forgiveness , but I do want to express my sincere apology for things I may have done and things I did n't do , " Morris said to the Donahue family . Michael Donahue 's three sons and widow , Patricia , sat front row in the reserved section in the Boston courtroom . Bulger uttered under his breath "  You 're a f -- ing liar , " as Morris , who admitted to accepting thousands of dollars in payoffs , testified that there was "  no question " the Irish gangster doubled as an informant for FBI in Boston . That was not the only time expletives flew in federal court . Bulger 's former mob enforcer , Kevin Weeks , described as a "  surrogate son , " to Bulger , said in court "  We killed people that were rats , and I had the two biggest rats right next to me ... " At that , Bulger turned and hissed , "  You suck . " "  F -- you , OK , " snapped Weeks from the witness stand . "  F -- you , too , " shouted Bulger from his chair at the defense table as the jury watched and listened . "  What do you want to do ? " said Weeks , his eyes locked on Bulger , who was flushed and staring right back . Weeks testified he was there the night Edward "  Brian " Halloran was killed . He placed the murder weapon squarely in Bulger 's hands . "  Bulger just kept shooting , " said Weeks describing Halloran 's writhing , bullet-ridden body as "  bouncing off the ground . " Bulger was convicted in connection with Halloran 's death . Prosecutors offered up extortion victim after extortion victim to show Bulger conspired to collect "  rent " from operating criminals in South Boston . William Lindholm barely survived a life-or-death Russian-roulette-style drama after Bulger tried to extort $ 1 million . According to Lindholm , Bulger ordered one of his associates to shoot past Lindholm 's head with a gun equipped with a silencer -- proving the gun worked -- before ordering his associate to reload the weapon with a single bullet . "  A bullet was put in the chamber , it was spun and pointed at my head , " said Lindholm . "  The trigger was pulled and it did n't go off . " Prosecutors wrapped up 30 days of testimony by placing 30 guns and nearly $ 822,000 in cash on a table -- items seized from Bulger 's Santa Monica , California , apartment when he was arrested in 2011 after spending 16 years as a fugitive . Bulger 's defense wrapped its case with witnesses in five days , calling former FBI agents whotestified to the corrupt nature of Boston FBI in the '70s and '80s . The defense put 20 photos on the public docket unveiling Bulger 's softer side , leading people to speculate that the gangster might testify . In the end , he did not . "  My thing is ... I did n't get a fair trial . This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me , " the defendant told the judge before the case went to the jury . His voice shaking , Bulger insisted he had a deal with the late Jeremiah O'Sullivan , head of the Justice Department 's New England Organized Crime Strike Force who later became U.S. attorney in Boston during the height of Bulger 's alleged gangland reign . "  In return , he promised to give me immunity . As far as I 'm concerned I did n't get a fair trial , " Bulger said . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Deborah Feyerick reported from Boston , and Monte Plott wrote from Atlanta .	The trial was a parade of witnesses , characters , victims Memories were relived , murders were recalled In the end , the jury believed the stream of testimony , evidence against Bulger In the end , Bulger 's assessment : "  This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me "
CNN  -- Once again a new Gallup Poll has reported that Vermont is the least religious state in the country , with only 22 % of the people willing to call themselves "  very religious . " On the other side of the poll , there is Mississippi , where a whopping 61 % of citizens lay claim to that self-description . But what does it really mean to be "  very religious " and not just spiritual ? I 've been living in Vermont for much of my adult life , adding up to nearly four decades . And I 've been keenly interested in the question of religion , having written a biography of Jesus and practiced Christianity as best I can for much of my life . I 've also traveled in the South quite often , and understand where that 61 % comes from : Not long ago I drove across Mississippi , and I could n't find a secular radio station on the dial . It was all preachers , all sounding alike . Repent , repent , repent . Billboards everywhere shouted religious slogans . It seemed there was a church on every street corner in every town I passed through . So what 's going on here ? Do Mississippians have a direct line to the divine ? Do n't the majority of people of Vermont also have an interest in religion or belief in God ? Is this why Vermont was the first state in the union to allow for civil unions ? And does secularism run rampant here ? On any given Sunday , while I 'm sitting in church , many of my neighbors are out walking in the woods , skiing , or reading a book by the woodstove  it 's what we do in Vermont  . Indeed traditional churches in Vermont struggle to fill their pews , and one often sees churches being sold off to real estate developers , who convert them into apartments or places where secular business can take place under high ceilings that once filled with prayers . But it would be a mistake to assume the absence of the usual trappings of religion means that people in Vermont -- or anywhere , really -- are n't pondering the big questions . Religious affiliation does n't necessarily equate with spirituality in any deep way . Indeed , when I step into my local co-operative food store in Vermont , the bulletin board is crammed with listings for local meditation groups or yoga classes or panel discussions on "  spirit and nature . " The community spirit is strong in this state , and the value of helping one 's neighbor is cherished here as much as anywhere . And these values include things like spending money on education , on good health care for all , and making sure that the land itself is responsibly used , with a keen awareness of environmental consequences . Indeed , Vermont was chosen the No. 1 greenest state in a recent poll . I 'm not sure that the religious fervor in Mississippi necessarily results in any of these things , For example , the state consistently ranks near the bottom in health care for low income people and environmental responsibility For some years I 've taught courses at Middlebury College on poetry and spirituality , and students often say to me : "  I 'm spiritual but not religious . " They are , nevertheless , on a quest . They like to ask big questions about God , about human fulfillment , about spiritual practice in the widest possible terms . With them I explore major spiritual texts , including the Book of Psalms , ancient Taoist poems from China , Islamic poetry , and the work of such great Christian poets as John Donne , George Herbert , Gerard Manley Hopkins , and T.S. Eliot . My sense is that there is no end of genuine interest in spiritual matters among students in my neck of Vermont . Yet many of the traditional churches -- in Vermont as elsewhere -- fail to address questions of spirituality in ways that interest those who might have a deep spiritual longing but ca n't profess a simple faith in God or subscribe to any dogma . Jesus himself put forward the essential questions : What does it mean to live an ethical life ? What is this mysterious thing called "  spirit " and how does it relate to questions about God ? How do we live , as people of faith , in communion with each other as well as God ? In so many ways , Jesus was the ultimate seeker , hungry for the deepest kinds of experience . He looked for , and found , astonishing answers , inviting us to follow him in our quest . From what I can tell , God-hunger is alive and well in Vermont . But it tends to thrive outside the walls of traditional churches  though it can be found there as well , as apparently 22 % of Vermonters will say  . I would refer the good pollsters at Gallup back to the story of Jesus , who when asked by pesky Pharisees where the Kingdom of God could be found , said : "  Do n't say , look , it 's here or there ! For , behold , the kingdom of God is within you . "  Luke 17:21 That 's a challenging response , but it might not register as an appropriate answer on any Gallup Poll . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Jay Parini : Gallup poll finds Vermont least religious state . Mississippi is most religious He says in South , religion all over radio , road signs , towns ; in Vermont fewer go to church But Vermont ranks high on environment , health care . Mississippi ranks at bottom Parini : Vermonters spiritual seekers , God-hungry : neighbor-helpers more than churchgoers
London  CNN  -- Never mind the traffic , car owners in London have a new hazard to worry about : A skyscraper whose reflected rays have the power to melt cars . It may sound like science fiction , but it was no joke for Jaguar XJ owner Martin Lindsay , who parked his pricey ride near the under-construction building , officially called 20 Fenchurch Street , but known by many Londoners as the "  Walkie Talkie " for its distinctive shape . Watch more : Does this skyscraper melt cars ? When he returned to the car , he found some panels warped beyond repair by the beam of light reflected down from the curved side of the landmark glass tower . The developers of the 37-floor building , Canary Wharf and Land Securities , have said they 'll pay for the high-spec vehicle to be fixed . "  Canary Wharf Construction and Land Securities have been very good and agreed to pay for the damage , and accept that there is an issue which they will resolve , " Lindsay told CNN . "  I am in construction and sometimes things go wrong which nobody would have envisaged , and this is one of them . " The City A.M. newspaper said light reflected from the building had also previously damaged a van parked on the same street , Eastcheap . A joint statement from Land Securities and Canary Wharf said they were taking the issue of light reflecting from the building seriously . "  The phenomenon is caused by the current elevation of the sun in the sky . It currently lasts for approximately 2 hours per day , with initial modeling suggesting that it will be present for approximately 2-3 weeks , " it said . The developers have been in touch with local businesses and have arranged with local authorities for three parking spaces which may be affected to be suspended , it said . "  In addition , we are consulting with local businesses and the City to address the issue in the short-term , while also evaluating longer-term solutions to ensure the issue can not recur in future . " 20 Fenchurch Street , designed by architect Rafael ViÃ ± oly , will feature about 33,000 square meters of glass -- an area equivalent to more than 4.5 soccer pitches -- once complete . It 's not the only building reportedly to have directed scorching light onto the ground below . The Las Vegas Review-Journal said in 2010 that the glass-sided Vdara Hotel in Las Vegas was reflecting a ray of light so intense that it scorched the hair of a visitor using the hotel 's pool , as well as melting a hole in a plastic bag he had by his sun lounger . Hotel pool employees called the phenomenon the "  Vdara death ray , " the newspaper reported . A spokesman for the hotel 's owner told the paper it was working on design solutions . CNN 's Stephanie Ott contributed to this report .	NEW : Building 's developers say they are taking the issue seriously A reflected ray of light warped panels of a Jaguar XJ parked in a London street 20 Fenchurch Street , known as the Walkie Talkie building , is still under construction Its curved glass side appears to reflect an intense beam of light onto a certain spot
CNN  -- Michael Brown , Eric Garner and John Crawford all have one thing in common : It 's not just that they were unarmed men of color killed by police officers -- it 's that the responsibility to investigate each of their deaths fell to a medical examiner . We medical examiners investigate all homicides and violent deaths , and it is also part of our legal duty to investigate any death of a person under the control of , or in the custody of , a law enforcement agent . I have worked as a medical examiner for 13 years in four large cities in the United States . Medical examiner offices are independent public agencies , and one of our responsibilities is to act as quality control over law enforcement agencies . The medical examiner is the final arbiter of whether a death was the direct result of an arrest , or , instead , the result of natural disease or an incidental event . Medical examiner reports in most states are public records . We all deserve and should expect transparency in death investigation . The family of the deceased , the news media and anyone who asks for it can get a copy of the medical examiner 's or coroner 's autopsy report on any case that is not sealed as part of an active investigation . Medical examiners are physicians , specialists in forensic pathology . We are professionally protective of our independence . We know that it is our duty and responsibility , as the doctors who perform the autopsy , to speak for the dead . Unfortunately , in the wake of the death of a civilian at the hand of police officers , the public is often suspicious of the medical examiner . Because the law requires a local government agency to perform the death investigation , people often assume that this agency falls under the jurisdiction or influence of the police . News reports critical of the amount of time the dead body was left at the scene , or the amount of time it takes to get a final autopsy report , exacerbate this distrust . In St. Louis County , Missouri , where Michael Brown was autopsied , Dr. Mary Case , the chief medical examiner , is a board-certified forensic pathologist . She has years of experience and reports to the Health Department , not the police . Brown 's official autopsy report was expedited and finalized on Monday . It was made available to the prosecuting attorney , who is now in charge of any release of information . Why does a death scene investigation take so long ? An outdoor death scene is a messy and complicated place . As soon as the person has been declared dead , the area has to be frozen in time to ensure that we , the public , can later learn what really happened there . Crime scene photographers and trained evidence collection analysts have to "  process the scene , " an hourslong procedure when done properly . The body , the position of any vehicles , the lighting , the height of adjacent structures -- everything needs to be photographed from multiple angles . In a shooting , crime scene investigators will have to measure and document the number and location of the casings , bullets and strike marks . If the evidence and its undisturbed location are not documented in this painstaking way , then criminal or civil complaints against the officer may not stand up in court . But what about the autopsy report ? Why does that take so long ? That 's because a competent job in the morgue , too , takes time . The work I do as a doctor in the autopsy suite after a typical gunshot wound homicide case may take three or four hours to complete , but after I leave the morgue , the report is not done . I have to wait for the report from the toxicology lab , which usually takes a minimum of two weeks , and for histology slides to come back before I can examine them under a microscope . Any of these findings could impact the cause of death . Even gunshot wounds can not be interpreted in a vacuum . As part of an investigation I have to try to figure out which defects in the body come from bullets entering , and which from their exit . Usually these wounds are distinctly different in appearance , but the more complex the body position of the deceased , the more complicated things get . Exit wounds in flesh pressed against the ground or against tight clothing can appear just like entrance wounds . An entrance wound inflicted through an intermediary target that deformed the bullet can look just like an exit wound . Sometimes I have to wait for the police reports or witness transcripts in to correctly interpret what I see on the body in the autopsy suite . After the shooting in Ferguson , Michael Brown 's family hired Dr. Michael Baden , a former New York State Police medical examiner , to conduct a second autopsy , and the federal Department of Justice instructed the Armed Forces Medical Examiner to conduct a third . What you can tell from a second or third autopsy is limited by autopsy artifact -- changes to the evidence caused by the performance of the first autopsy . In the course of the first , legally mandated autopsy , the forensic pathologist will have taken the organs out and sliced them apart for examination . The gunshot wounds will have been probed , and sometimes even cut into . More importantly , any pathologist hired by the family , regardless of expertise , does not have access to the crime scene and other evidence . Even Baden , in the report he prepared for the Brown family , concluded that without the clothing , evidence or scene information , he had "  too little information to forensically reconstruct the shooting . " Why were n't the St. Louis medical examiner 's autopsy findings made public immediately ? Because releasing preliminary information when the investigation is still ongoing is premature and potentially inflammatory . Already the results of Baden 's limited investigation are being used to support the contention that Brown was surrendering , and that the wounds were distant range , even though Baden himself said neither . To a forensic pathologist , the body diagram Brown 's attorneys released tells a different story . The wound at the top of the head , the frontal wounds and angled right hand and arm wounds suggest that the victim was facing the officer , leaning forward with his right arm possibly extended in line with the gun 's barrel , and not above his head . The image of a person standing upright with his hands in the air when he was shot does not appear compatible with the wounds documented on that diagram . Whether a forward-leaning position is a posture of attack or of surrender , however , is a matter of perspective . From the perspective of a witness , it could appear that the leaning person is complying with the officer and getting down . From the perspective of the officer , he may appear to be coming at him . Partial evidence yields partial answers , and a rush to conclusions based on one isolated set of data from a second autopsy only raises more questions . That is why it is so important to be patient and wait for all the scene information to come to light . But "  be patient and wait " is not a demand that anyone has the right to make on a family that has lost a loved one in a sudden and violent event . When I have been assigned to investigate an in-custody or officer-involved death , I will often call the family right away . It 's important to me to reach out to them , to tell the people who are awaiting answers from me that I am qualified to do the job I am trained for ; that I will hide nothing from them ; that everything I do on their behalf will be part of the public record ; and to give them some idea of how long the process might take . When the report is finished , I meet with family members or their attorneys to discuss the findings and explain the medical diagnoses I have come to . This solemn conference takes place behind the scenes , months after the incident , and is never reported in the news media -- but it is probably the most important part of my job . As a doctor and a civil servant , I take my public role seriously . I strive to with all my ability , training and effort to answer any questions that person 's family may have . I know that others in my field strive with the same effort . It 's why we went into our field of medicine . We are servants of the public -- not of the state , not of any single law firm , and not of the police . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson	Judy Melinek : Medical examiners act as quality control over law enforcement agencies Melinek : Body diagram of Michael Brown suggests he was facing the officer , leaning forward She says as doctors who perform the autopsy , medical examiners speak for the dead Melinek : Public should trust medical examiners ' report since they act independent
CNN  -- A New Jersey mother is under arrest , accused of keeping her 10-year-old son chained to a radiator in her bedroom for the past two weeks . Florence Pollard , 31 , and her boyfriend , Brian Craig , 29 , were arrested Monday and charged with endangering the welfare of a child and criminal restraint , the Camden County Police Department said . Police say the boy managed to escape from the home Monday afternoon . He was spotted by a neighbor , who alerted authorities . When police arrived , the child told them that he was chained in his mother 's bedroom day and night as punishment and that he had to sleep uncovered on the floor . He also said that his hands were occasionally restrained by plastic zip ties . Hate crimes alleged in holding of captives in Philly boiler room "  This level of depravity inflicted upon a child is chilling , " Chief J. Scott Thomson said in a statement . "  We 're just thankful that the child had an opportunity to escape and report what has been going on so we could arrest this couple and put a stop to their cruelty . " Girl , 3 , starved to death ; parents charged The boy and his five siblings -- two sisters and three brothers ranging in age from 11 to 7 months -- were taken into custody by the New Jersey Division of Child Protection and Permanency . Pollard and Craig -- who is the father of the 7-month-old -- were remanded to the county jail on $ 50,000 bond . Authorities are continuing to investigate in Camden County , which is across the Delaware River from Philadelphia . Seattle couple charged with kidnapping , torture of husband 's 13-year-old brother	Florence Pollard , 31 , and her boyfriend , Brian Craig , 29 , have been arrested in New Jersey She 's accused of chaining her son , 10 , to her bedroom radiator for past two weeks Camden County Police chief : "  This level of depravity inflicted upon a child is chilling . " Pollard and Craig remain in jail ; she has five other children
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Representatives for "  Glee " star Lea Michele said Sunday that the news of her boyfriend and co-star Cory Monteith 's sudden death is "  devastating " to the actress . Monteith , 31 , was found dead Saturday in a Vancouver hotel room . Michele , who had been dating Monteith for about a year , has not yet given a statement about his death . Her representatives asked Sunday "  that everyone kindly respect Lea 's privacy during this devastating time . " While the "  Glee " actors had been co-stars since 2009 when the show premiered , they did n't begin dating until 2012 . Celebrities react to his death Monteith played heart throb Finn Hudson -- on-again , off-again love interest to Michele 's Rachel Berry -- on the hit Fox series . Most recently , Michele , 26 , voiced support for Monteith as he announced in April that he was seeking treatment for substance abuse . "  I love and support Cory and will stand by him through this , " she told People magazine . "  I am grateful and proud that he made this decision . " Monteith in his own words CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Actress and co-star had been dating Monteith for about a year Michele 's reps ask that her privacy be respected
MNN.com  -- If you 're a dog owner and call yourself eco-conscious , guilt might set in after reading the book "  Time to Eat the Dog ? The Real Guide to Sustainable Living " by Robert and Brenda Vale , which reveals dogs are worse for the environment than SUVs . The authors , who designed the first sustainable settlement in the United Kingdom in 1996 and are architecture professors at Victory University of Wellington in New Zealand , measured the environmental impact of our lifestyles from the food we eat to how we travel to sports , hobbies and pets based on the Ecological Footprint technique created by Mathis Wackernagel and William Rees . Bottom line : Our pooches cost the Earth more than a Toyota Land Cruiser . According to the Vales ' research , a medium-sized dog has twice the impact of driving the luxury SUV 10,000 miles . Why ? "  Basically dogs are bad for the environment because they are large carnivores , so it takes a lot of land to provide their foods , " says Robert Vale . Luckily , there are a few things you can do to get Fido out of the proverbial doghouse . MNN.com : Photos : 7 pudgy pets that should lay off the kibble Put your dog on a diet Since your canine 's carnivorous diet is the biggest factor in his environmental impact , start by looking at what goes in the dog bowl . Most dog food is n't produced in an eco-friendly way , and the heavy bags of kibble or cans of wet food have to travel miles to get to your door . Dr. Viv Harris , veterinarian and author of "  Natural Remedies Dogs and Cats Wish You Knew : A Holistic Care Guide , " suggests making your own dog food using locally grown or organic veggies . Your vet can help you work out the perfect mix of proteins , carbohydrates , fats , minerals and vitamins to meet your dog 's needs . And with all of the tainted pet food scandals in recent years , your dog may be better off eating home-made meals anyway . After all , many dog foods that claim to be natural still contain byproducts or low-grade meats . If the do-it-yourself doggie diet sounds like too much work , look for smaller , locally made dog food brands . Or select chicken or rabbit based-kibble , which have a lower impact than beef . MNN.com : Nutrition tips for your pet Do your doodie duty If you ask the Vales , dog poo is n't such a big deal compared to what goes in the other end . However , if you do n't scoop up the poop , it can contaminate our waterways . If you 're a city dweller and use plastic bags to clean up , choose biodegradable poop bags . Shop smart Just like when you shop for yourself , think about the impact of the products you buy for your pets . Choose dog shampoos that are free of sodium lauryl sulfate . For toys and dog beds , avoid plastic and synthetic products and look to natural fibers like organic cotton or hemp as well as products made from recycled goods . Use birth control Spaying and neutering your dog might sound inhumane , but it 's the eco-conscious thing to do . "  Reducing the overpopulation of dogs is crucial , " Harris says . If your dog alone creates a impact bigger than an SUV , just think what its accidental litter of puppies could do ! MNN.com : 10 ways owning a pet benefits your health Choose safe flea and tick treatments According to the Natural Resources Defense Council  NRDC  , some flea control products pose a cancer risk to children up to 1,000 times higher than the Environmental Protection Agency 's acceptable limits . Keep these chemicals off little fingers and your pet 's fur by talking to your vet about safer treatments or by choosing from the NRDC 's list of safer flea control choices . You can also make natural solutions at home . In her book , Harris suggests creating a DIY flea wash . Start with a base of castile soap and add 10 drops of lavender , five drops of eucalyptus , five drops of rosemary and five drops of cajuput oil . Consider other pets We 're not suggesting you part ways with your pooch right now , but if you do n't have a dog yet or are considering a second pet , you might want to think outside the dog box . According to the Vales , a goldfish is equal to the impact of just two cell phones ; two hamsters or four canaries can be compared to a plasma TV ; and a cat is only as bad as a Smart Car . Even smaller dogs are better than big dogs . Change your own habits Just like you can buy carbon credits when you take a long-haul flight , you can try to balance out your dog 's impact by making some changes of your own . If you do n't want to give up Fido , maybe you should give up meat or your car instead . Of course , smaller changes or buying carbon credits can help , too . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Authors Robert and Brenda Vale reveal dogs are worse for the environment than SUVs Put your doggie on a diet You can consider other pets or change your own habits
It was a seemingly wistful moment at the halfway mark of his presidency , before the celebratory parade and the evening 's galas . Shortly after exhorting the United States to continue its "  never-ending journey " to live up to the ideals of its founders , on his way off the platform at the West Front of the Capitol , President Barack Obama stopped to drink in the scene before him . "  I want to take a look one more time , " he told those surrounding him . "  I 'm not going to see this again . " And so , with his oath of office taken -- again -- and the speech delivered , the president stood aside for 24 seconds on the chilly Monday afternoon , letting the crowd that had joined him for his formal , public second inauguration file past . It was one of the few quiet moments on an otherwise jam-packed day . Obama stole another such moment with his wife , at the first of two official inaugural balls they were scheduled to attend Monday night . Obamas party with 30,000 close friends Following performances by Alicia Keys , Brad Paisley and the Mexican rock group Mana , the first couple danced as Jennifer Hudson sang the classic song , "  Let 's Stay Together , " by Al Green . First lady Michelle Obama wore a floor-length , custom , ruby-colored chiffon and velvet gown designed by Jason Wu , the same designer behind her 2009 inaugural dress . The celebrations came a day after Obama was sworn in on the constitutionally required date in a low-key ceremony at the White House . The flag-waving crowd that watched Monday 's event was noticeably smaller than the throng that turned out for his first oath in 2009 but still packed the National Mall for blocks . The waving flags , the red-white-and-blue bunting and the heralding trumpets marked the 57th such ceremony in the history of the nation , with the peaceful extension of power based on last November 's election that returned Obama to the White House . The best Inauguration Day tweets The Sousa marches , the ceremonial guns and the voices of James Taylor , Kelly Clarkson and Beyonce having faded away , Obama headed into the Capitol for a luncheon with members of Congress . Then he led the traditional parade up Pennsylvania Avenue , stopping near the White House to walk a few blocks of the route with the first lady to the cheers of those lining the sidewalks . "  You 've got to come out for this , " said Nick Pignone , a Washington resident . "  Everyone 's excited -- good vibes right now . " Also publicly sworn in for a second term was Vice President Joe Biden , who , like Obama , also took his official oath Sunday . Justice Sonia Sotomayor performed the honors for Biden at his home at the Naval Observatory in Washington , where the vice president 's extended family and a few Cabinet officials gathered to watch the ceremony . Biden and his wife , Jill , also took some time to walk part of the parade route , with a grinning Biden periodically jogging over to the sidelines to shake hands with people across the barricades . Once both couples and their families were seated at the White House reviewing stand , one of the first acts to pass was the marching band from Honolulu 's Punahou School , Obama 's alma mater . What followed included dozens of military and school bands , Native American dance troupes whirling in traditional dress , war veterans , Civil War re-enactors , kilted firefighters blowing bagpipes and Montana 's governor and congressional delegation on horseback and in cowboy hats . 10 opinions : Explaining Obama 's speech Obama , the first African-American president and the 17th to win a second term , used a pair of Bibles in Monday 's ceremony -- one from Abraham Lincoln , the other from Martin Luther King Jr. . His roughly 2,000-word inaugural address hearkened back to both . "  I did everything possible today to keep from crying , " said U.S. Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , a onetime lieutenant of King . He called the sight of Obama using King 's Bible "  very moving , unreal -- almost unbelievable . " Monday is also the federal holiday commemorating the birthday of King , who was assassinated in 1968 . The loudest cheer of Obama 's address came when he said the nation 's journey remained incomplete "  until our wives , our mothers , and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts , " and "  until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law . " Obama embraces key social justice movements in inaugural address Obama begins the second half of his presidency with the opportunity to make it more historic but facing some of the same challenges that he struggled with in the first four years . Americans "  have the power to set this country 's course , " he said , urging people to fulfill their citizenship by meeting "  the obligation to shape the debates of our time -- not only with the votes we cast , but with the voices we lift in defense of our most ancient values and enduring ideals . " On the Mall , Carlos Arieta and his wife , Sharon , took in the scene after driving from Atlanta to witness history . The former Washington residents said it was the first time they had attended an inauguration . Surprised by the throngs gathered a few hours before the speech on a clear morning with temperatures just above freezing , Arieta said "  it 's nice to see all the different kinds of people . " Even some of those who did n't support Obama 's November re-election turned out to watch . Don King , 27 , and his 21-year-old brother Matthew said they do n't agree with the president on taxation , debt and other fiscal issues but did n't want to miss this bit of history . "  It 's the second inauguration for Obama , and it 's pretty amazing if you think back to the 1800s and later during the civil rights era , that we 're here , " Don King said . Obamas , Bidens participate in National Day of Service A new CNN/ORC International poll released Monday indicated less excitement this time than four years ago , when nearly 2 million people crowded the Mall despite frigid weather for Obama 's historic first inauguration . In January 2009 , nearly seven in 10 Americans questioned in a CNN survey said they were thrilled or happy that Obama was about to take office . Now , according to the new , that number is down 18 points , to 50 % . Back then , six in 10 saw Obama 's inauguration as a celebration by all Americans of democracy in action , with just 39 % saying it was a political celebration by the supporters of the winning candidate . Now , the numbers are nearly reversed , with 62 % saying the second inauguration is a celebration by those backing the president , and 35 % saying it 's a celebration of democracy . "  The thrill is gone , along with the hope that the start of a new presidential term of office will bring a divided nation together , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Gergen : Obama 2.0 -- tougher , wiser ? Reality of second-term presidencies The smaller crowd this time around reflects the reality of second-term presidencies , when the novelty and expectations of a new leader have been replaced with the familiarity and experiences of the first act . For Obama , that difference is even sharper . His historic ascendancy to the White House in 2008 came with soaring public hopes and expectations for a new kind of governance that would close the vast partisan gulf developed in recent decades . However , a litany of challenges , including an inherited economic recession and repeated battles with congressional Republicans over budgets and spending , only hardened the opposing positions in Washington . Obama 's signature achievements , including major reforms of the health care industry and Wall Street , became symbols of political division , with opponents constantly accusing him of hindering needed economic recovery . Obama 's unfinished business and battles ahead For his second term , Obama has vowed to press for an overhaul of the nation 's immigration policies and new ways to boost the sputtering economy , proposals that are bound to spark battles with his Republican rivals , and oversee the implementation of Obamacare . And the shootings at a Connecticut elementary school last month put the divisive issue of gun control on his immediate agenda . CNN polling released Sunday showed a majority of Americans -- 54 % -- believe Obama will be an outstanding or above average president in his second term , while 43 % said he 'd be poor or below average . And while overall , seven in 10 Americans hope the president 's policies succeed , only four in 10 Republicans feel that way , with 52 % hoping that Obama will fail . Obama 's second-term priorities But House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , told CNN , "  Today is the day for all of us in this country to come together . " "  I think the president did a fine job , certainly , laying out what he would like to see happen as far as the future of the country , " Cantor said . "  There are areas of disagreement , but there are also some things fundamentally we agree on , and that is this country is one of opportunity . And sort of the way we get there to help everybody , there are some differences . Hopefully , we can bridge those differences . " Four other priorities for the next four years	Michelle Obama wears a floor-length , custom , red gown designed by Jason Wu She and the president dance to Jennifer Hudson singing "  Let 's Stay Together " "  Today is the day for all of us in this country to come together , " says a GOP leader A civil rights veteran struggles "  to keep from crying " as Obama takes oath on MLK Bible
CNN  -- England prides itself on being the home of football , but is the nation dysfunctional in dealing with racist abuse ? Last week British anti-racism group Kick It Out  KIO  published the results of a survey asking over 4,000 English footballers about their experiences of racist abuse . Just 200 chose to respond . Of those to reply in the anonymous consultation , 24 % said they have been subjected to racist abuse in football stadiums , while 57 % claim they have witnessed racist abuse . "  It 's enough of a sample -- it 's never been done before , " KIO trustee Garth Crooks told CNN . "  We simply do n't have the resources to conduct a wide enough survey and to get the numbers that might make the likes of CNN jump up and down , " said Crooks , who was the first black chairman of the Professional Footballers ' Association -- the players ' union . He 's also a former player . While KIO struggles with resources , Crooks also laid bare the tensions that exist within the professional game , criticizing the English Football Association , the League Managers ' Association and the clubs themselves for not doing enough to address the problem of racism . In October England manager Roy Hodgson had to defend himself against a racism slur after using the "  feed the monkey " punchline from an old NASA joke when telling defender Chris Smalling to pass the ball to winger Andros Townsend during a World Cup qualifier . Smalling and Townsend are both black . "  I would like to apologize if any offense has been caused by what I said at halftime , " the 66-year-old Hodgson told British media at the time . "  There was absolutely no intention on my part to say anything inappropriate . However Crooks says that 's just not good enough and called on the League Managers ' Association , the body which represents English coaches , to show more leadership . "  So Roy Hodgson is n't making stupid , inappropriate comments at halftime in the dressing room during a World Cup qualifying match . " CNN contacted the LMA for comment and is awaiting a response . "  These football clubs are employers , " added Crooks . "  They have a duty to their staff , and their staff to their employers . "  Why is this happening ? Why should football get some kind of special concession because they 're footballers and football clubs ? " he wondered . Almost all of the footballers surveyed by KIO -- 91 % -- agreed that "  social media has led to an increase in them receiving discriminatory abuse , " the organization said in a statement . Former England and Liverpool striker Stan Collymore has -- more than once -- said he has been racially abused on Twitter , and two years ago a 21-year-old student was sent to jail for racist comments he made on Twitter after Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba collapsed on the pitch against Tottenham in a game and almost died . The 21-year-old had pleaded guilty to the Racially Aggravated s4A Public order Act 1986 . The KIA survey of players also found that 92 % of players thought fan-on-player discrimination was common or extremely common , and 69 % of players felt that , due to their profession , they are more exposed to abuse . All of this was enhanced by the rise of social media . "  What the social media platforms need to do is acknowledge the level of the problem and introduce some specific procedures , " said KIO spokesman Richard Bates . "  There has to be a more proactive stance . " Twitter was not immediately available for comment and Facebook declined to provide an official response . But Crooks is more concerned that the clubs are n't taking enough of a proactive approach . "  I 'd like to see them conducting mentoring sessions with football players right across the board in order that players understand the impact making silly statements on Twitter can have on themselves and their clubs , " he said . "  It is an employer 's duty to ensure that its staff behave in an appropriate manner . A lot of players on social networking sites are making some remarkable pronouncements and it 's bringing the game into disrepute , and also bringing the club and its brand into question . " The FA admitted more could be done to educate players . "  Relaying key messages around equality and inclusion into the often ` closed off ' domain of the dressing room is something the game as a whole needs to keep working on , " said the FA in a statement . "  We hope our new Reporting Discrimination films , which show players exactly what to do when they hear or see discrimination , is one such tool . " The English Premier League said in a statement : "  All Premier League clubs have social media policies for their players and the League itself produced social media guidelines , at the request of our member clubs , in 2012 . "  Additionally , the Premier League education department runs social media training sessions for Academy players , and has done so for the last three seasons . " KIO was established in 1993 to try to confront racist attitudes within the game . The group says it works with the leagues , clubs , fans and players in combating racism . The KIO survey was carried out between August 2013 and December 2013 and followed footballer Jason Roberts ' refusal in 2012 to wear a T-shirt in support of the anti-racism campaign group due to what he saw was the football authorities ' failure to come down hard on those who are found guilty of racism . "  This is not an attack on Kick It Out , " Roberts told the Guardian in October 2012 . "  I am passionate about what the Professional Footballers ' Association represents and Kick It Out but they  the league  have to do better , we have to do better . " Crooks has mixed views on Roberts ' stance . "  He was right , football was n't doing enough . I 've less sympathy with the way he went about it . We want the same things . That is , we want football to not appear apologetic to racist behavior , " the former Tottenham striker said . "  We have bans now , we have automatic bans -- a minimum five matches for the football league , 10 matches for UEFA , and that 's fine . But the process can take forever . " Crooks is referring to the time it took the FA to handle high-profile cases involving a handful of players including Nicolas Anelka . However , England 's governing body insisted it was important not to rush these cases in order to reach a fair verdict . "  Many of the cases the FA presides over require detailed expert consideration of a range of issues , where assistance from outside the organization is often enlisted ... , " it said in a statement . "  To that end , and to get a fair and satisfactory outcome , the process is n't always a swift one . " Nearly two months had passed before Anelka was punished for the controversial "  quenelle " gesture he made in late December , arguably creating a vacuum for plenty of heated debate . Last month Anelka was banned for five matches and fined Â # 80,000  $ 130,000  by the FA for performing the gesture after scoring for West Brom in a Premier League match against West Ham . The "  quenelle , " which the former France international said was dedicated to his comedian friend Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala -- who uses it as part of his act -- is believed by some to be a Nazi salute in reverse and has been linked with anti-Semitism in Anelka 's homeland . Crooks , the former union chairman , despairs at the way Anelka 's case was handled . "  It 's taken the best part of two months to make a decision that should 've been done in two weeks , " Crooks said . "  If Anelka had apologized , which he should have done , and West Brom had imposed a two-week fine immediately , it would 've been done and dusted . "  Here the first thing that the employer does is to protect the player because he 's a famous footballer . "  There is a lot that is fundamentally wrong with the way football deals with racism and West Brom is a very clear example of that . " West Brom declined to respond directly to Crooks ' criticism , but pointed to the statement it released on March 14 after Anelka quit the club . "  The club considers the conduct of Nicolas Anelka on December 28 , coupled with his purported termination on Social Media this evening , to be gross misconduct . As a result the club has tonight written to Nicolas Anelka giving him 14 days ' notice of termination as required under his contract , " it said at the time . When the row broke out , Anelka defended his actions on social media , arguing his gesture was "  anti-system " rather than anti-Semitic . "  This is a dedication to Dieudonne . With regard to the ministers who give their own interpretations of my quenelle , they are the ones that create confusion and controversy without knowing what it really means , this gesture , " the Frenchman wrote on Twitter . "  And of course , I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic and I fully assume  stand by  my gesture . " So while the talk and the rants on social media sites grows ever more vitriolic , and controversial , it sounds as if England 's football authorities have plenty of work to do - not least in coming up with a co-ordinated strategy in dealing with the issue of race and discrimination .	Just 200 out of over 4,000 footballers responded to Kick It Out racist abuse survey Former footballer Garth Crooks reveals tensions that exist within the professional game Crooks asks why football gets "  special concession " in dealing with controversial incidents 91 % of players polled said social media led to an increase in discriminatory abuse
MENTAL FLOSS  -- When we think of economic crises in America , two periods come to mind -- the Great Depression and whatever it is we 're in the middle of right now . But the U.S. stock market has crashed more times than we 'd like to admit . Historically , our economy has been brought to its knees by everything from greedy bankers to horse illnesses . Horses , cows , whales and a failed copper scheme caused economic panics earlier in U.S. history . So let 's take a deep breath and remember that panics are just part of the American way of life . 1 . The Panic of 1873 : America stops horsing around During the late 19th century , the American economy relied on horses the way it depends on gas today . Horses unloaded cargo from ports , transported goods from city to city , worked the farms , supported the army , and served as the emergency vehicles of choice . Without them , the American workforce would have ground to a halt . And that 's exactly what happened in 1872 , when an estimated 99 percent of all horses in America contracted equine influenza . The highly contagious strain started in Canada and spread through New England to the South in a matter of months , leaving horses across the country too weak to stand and coughing uncontrollably . Street buggies stopped running , paralyzing commerce in the cities . Railroads were stymied because trains run on coal -- coal that was hauled out of mines by horses . And as the horse flu spread , U.S. military troops had to go into battle on foot  they were fighting Apache Indians at the time  . More tragically , a fire in Boston raged for three days because there were no horses to carry water . The flames destroyed more than 700 buildings , causing an estimated $ 73.5 million in damages and killing at least 20 people . The "  Great Epizootic , " as it was called , spiraled out of control in less than a year . At the height of the panic , as many as 20,000 businesses failed , a third of all railroads went bankrupt , and unemployment spiked to almost 15 percent . The economy took nearly a decade to recover . Ironically , nearly all of the horses recuperated by the following spring . 2 . The Winter of 1886 : When the cows do n't come home During the second half of the 19th century , cattle ranches in the American West were thriving . From the Montana grasslands to the Texas prairie , ranches were attracting investors back East and across the pond in Europe . But by 1886 , things were getting dicey . Overgrazing , coupled with a hot and dry summer , had left the plains almost bare . Then came the snow . Known as the "  Winter of Death , " the following season saw one of the worst cold spells in recorded history . More than half the cattle in the West froze to death , unable to move in the thick snow . Ghoulish firsthand accounts describe the bodies of dead cows stretching for miles across the horizon . When the spring thaw and floods came , thousands of bloated corpses floated into the streams and rivers . Some ranchers quit the business entirely and did n't even bother to round up their surviving cattle . Mental Floss : Bold business scams that failed miserably By the end of 1887 , the disaster had wiped out more than half of the United States ' western cattle and debilitated the national economy . Most cattle investors went bankrupt , and thousands of cowboys were left unemployed . But more than anything , the winter of 1886 put an end to all those turn-of-the-century , idyllic fantasies of open-range ranching in the Wild West . 3 . The Panic of 1907 : Captains of industry to the rescue ! The Panic of 1907 started the way many panics do , with a greedy capitalist . Multimillionaire Augustus Heinze , who had made his fortune mining in Montana , believed he had enough control over the copper industry to corner the market . With the help of several major banks , he concocted a scheme to buy up all the shares of United Copper . But Heinze had overestimated his prowess , and the scheme failed , bringing down Heinze , United Copper , the banks , and many , many stockholders . Mental Floss : Who is Ponzi and what was his scheme ? The debacle sent ripples of anxiety throughout the market , and investors started pulling their money out of banks altogether . After one of New York City 's biggest trusts went under , panic ensued , and the stock market collapsed . At the time , there were no central banks in place , so the federal government had no means of bailing out businesses or injecting cash into the economy . It just stood by , idly waiting for a hero to save the day . Amazingly , one did . James Pierpont Morgan , banker extraordinaire , rescued the American economy . He propped up many of the failing banks in New York by twisting the arms of other financiers , and he assuaged investors ' fears by backing up the market with his own vast cash reserves . Before long , Wall Street was on the mend . The government also learned its lesson . With the panic resolved , it created the Federal Reserve , ensuring that it could buttress the economy during hard times . Since then , the government has taken a more active role in financial matters and relied less on the kindness of robber barons . 4 . Whale of a Crisis : The collapse of America 's first oil industry During the early 19th century , America was one of the top oil-producing countries in the world . But it was n't petroleum the nation was exporting ; it was whale oil . By the mid-1800s , the high-risk , high-profit business was the fifth-largest industry in the United States . Mental Floss : 6 things you probably do n't know about oil At its height , the American whaling industry produced more than 10 million gallons of oil a year and sold it for $ 1.77 a gallon  about $ 35 per gallon today  . Better still , an American fleet of 1,000 ships had exclusive access to the North Atlantic territories , which ensured profits . What could have stopped such a juggernaut of an industry ? For one thing , other sources of oil . In 1846 , Canadian geologist Abraham Gesner developed a technique for distilling kerosene from petroleum , and within a few decades , kerosene had replaced whale oil as the most popular fuel for lamps . Another reason for the decline was that the whales were dying off . The enthusiastic slaughter throughout the 1800s drove some whale species to extinction and put others on the brink . With so few left to hunt , the cost of whaling became prohibitively expensive . The final blow to whalers came during the harsh winter of 1871 , when the North Atlantic ice trapped and crushed the bulk of the American fleet . Although American consumers did n't suffer as the country switched from whale oil to petroleum , coastal towns in New England and the Mid-Atlantic languished , and shipbuilders and fishermen found themselves out of work . By the time of the Civil War , whaling ships had become so worthless that Union soldiers loaded a fleet of them with stones and sank them into Charleston harbor . The hope was to blockade the South from the port , but when the plan did n't work , the ships were no great loss . America 's first oil industry had been tapped out . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Odd things caused U.S. economy to tank four other times Disease kills 99 percent of horses in 1872 , causing business failures , bankruptcies Dry summer , record cold winter in 1886 wipes out half the cattle in West 1907 copper scheme causes run on banks , banker uses own money to stop it
CNN  -- The World Health Organization celebrated its birthday Saturday by focusing on aging , including a host of events , research and information under the theme , "  Good health adds life to years . " Leaders and nonprofit organizations took to Twitter to mark World Health Day and toast the WHO , whose constitution was enacted April 7 , 1948 , to affirm its mission as the "  directing and coordinating authority for health within the United Nations system . " These groups included the Kenyan Red Cross , Grand Challenges Canada , the Cleveland Clinic and the International Diabetes Federation , among others . The U.N. itself also chimed in , with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urging civic and private leaders to devote "  attention and resources to ensuring that people everywhere have the chance to grow older in good health . " That includes realizing the many ways older people contribute to society , as well as knowing what it will take to take care of them as they age . By 2050 , the WHO estimates that there will be almost 400 million people age 80 and older -- compared to about 14 million people in that age group around 1950 . "  Older people make many valuable contributions to society -- as family members , as active participants in the workforce and as volunteers within communities . The wisdom they have gained throughout their lives makes them a unique resource for society , " Ban said in a press release . "  But more older people also means an increased demand on health care and social security systems . " The WHO itself marked World Health Day with festivities at its headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . The organization 's campaign aims , in part , to challenge stereotypes about older people -- like that they ca n't take care of themselves , ca n't work or play as well as others , and are no longer attractive . The WHO said it is important that older people are engaged in their societies and in their health , and that citizens and governments are similarly committed . Having sound preparations and actions to address the aging population is not only a moral imperative , but also one that makes sense economically and politically , according to the agency . "  If we can ensure that people are living healthier as well as longer lives , the opportunities will be greater and the costs to society less , " WHO Director-General Margaret Chan said in the foreword of the "  Global Brief for World Health Day 2012 . " "  This great demographic challenge of the first half of the 21st century therefore demands a public health response , and WHO has identified this as a priority . "	World Health Day is Saturday , the World Health Organization 's birthday Its focus is on understanding the truths and challenges of an aging population By 2050 , there will be 400 million people age 80 or older , WHO estimates
CNN  -- Pre-match handshakes , or the absence of them , overshadowed the eight fixtures in the English Premier League on Saturday as the feud between Queens Park Rangers defender , Anton Ferdinand and Chelsea captain John Terry continued at Loftus Road . Ferdinand ignored Terry as both sets of players assembled to shake hands before kick-off in what was the first meeting of the two players since the Chelsea defender was acquitted of racially abusing Ferdinand  younger brother of Rio  by a court in July . Charges against Terry were brought following an incident during the corresponding fixture in October last year . Ashley Cole , who appeared as a character witness for Terry at the trail at Westminster Magistrates Court , was also snubbed by Ferdinand . The match itself was predictably lively but yielded no goals . Chelsea had the better of the first half with Eden Hazard and Fernando Torres both testing Julio Cesar in QPR 's goal . The home side had their chances in the second half but Park Ji-Sung squandered a free header while Bobby Zamora could n't find a shot after rounding keeper Petr Cech . The result was a goalless deadlock which is enough to keep Chelsea at the top of the table with 10 points . QPR , meanwhile , are struggling in 18th place with only two points from a possible 12 . Elsewhere , the blue and red halves of Manchester experienced mixed fortunes . Reigning champions , City could only manage a 1-1 draw away to Stoke City and remain in fourth place . But United are up to second after claiming all three points with a 4-0 thrashing of Wigan at Old Trafford . Panel : Police at fault in response to deadly UK stadium football crush Paul Scholes , who was making his 700th appearance for United , scored the opening goal six minutes into the second half . It opened the floodgates , with Hernandez scoring in the 63rd minute and Alex Buttner adding a third three minutes later . Teenage striker , Nick Powell completed the rout with a thunderous drive eight minutes from the final whistle . Arsenal were in fine form against Southampton at the Emirates with Gervinho scoring a brace in a 6-1 drubbing of Southampton . Lukas Podolski and Theo Walcott were also on target for the Gunners whose total was boosted by two first-half own goals by Southampton 's Dutch defender Jos Hooiveld and Nathaniel Clyne . Elsewhere , Liverpool are still searching for their first win of the season after only managing a 1-1 draw away to Sunderland . Luis Suarez 's 71st minute strike canceled out Steven Fletcher 's first half goal to lift Liverpool one place to 17th , while Martin O'Neill 's side rise to 14th . Aston Villa recorded their first victory of the season beating high-flying Swansea City 2-0 at Villa Park . Fulham beat West Bromwich Albion 3-0 at Craven Cottage , while West Ham United drew 0-0 against Norwich City at Carrow Road .	Queens Park Rangers defender refuses to shake hands with both John Terry and Ashley Cole Terry cleared by court in July of racially abusing Ferdinand at Premier League fixture in October 2011 Manchester United beat Wigan 4-0 ; Manchester City drop points at Stoke City Arsenal hit Southampton for six at the Emirates
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and an American man who swam to her lakeside home went on trial in the military dictatorship Monday behind closed doors inside a prison compound . Soldiers guard the entrance to Insein Prison on Monday in Yangon , Myanmar . The trial is expected to last about three months , said Nyan Win , spokesman for her National League for Democracy party . Suu Kyi 's lawyer asked the court to open up the hearings but was turned down because of security concerns , Win said . Police put up roadblocks on the streets leading to the Insean Prison near Yangon , with a half-dozen officers at each station . Shops around the prison were closed , according to opposition exile groups . A group of diplomats from Germany , Italy , Australia and Britain tried to pass through the barricades to attend the trial . They were stopped and turned away . "  It was a way of signaling our concern at what 's happening and the need for the proceedings in the court to take place in an open and transparent fashion , " Britain 's ambassador to Myanmar , Mark Canning , told CNN . About 100 supporters of Suu Kyi waited outside . The American visitor , John Yettaw , is charged with immigration violations and trespassing into a restrictive area , charges that carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison . Watch more on Suu Kyi 's trial " He is accused of staying overnight in Suu Kyi 's lakeside home earlier this month , violating the conditions of her house arrest , according to the country 's ruling military junta , which rarely grants her visitors . The central Missouri man was appointed a lawyer selected by the U.S. embassy , Win said . Suu Kyi , the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize laureate , and two of her maids have been detained under Section 22 of the country 's legal code -- a law against subversion -- according to Nyan Win , spokesman for Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy . Suu Kyi , 63 , had been scheduled to be released from house arrest later this month after being incarcerated 13 of the past 19 years . She is now being held in a specially built area of Insein Prison , where Yettaw also is detained , a U.S. Embassy official told CNN on Friday . The timing of Suu Kyi 's detention raised suspicion among her supporters , who said the government 's action was an excuse to extend her house arrest . Watch former U.S. president Jimmy Carter discuss Aung San Suu Kyi " "  This is the cunning plan of the regime to put Daw Aung San Suu Kyi in continuous detention beyond the six years allowed by the law they used to justify the detention of her , " said the U.S. Campaign for Burma , a pro-democracy group fighting for her release . "  Daw " is an honorific . The southeast Asian country was known as Burma before the military government changed it to Myanmar . Those who oppose the junta still use the old name . Suu Kyi 's lawyer , U Kyi Win , blamed her prison detention on Yettaw . Local media said Yettaw , a 53-year-old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , swam almost two miles across Inya Lake on May 3 and sneaked into Suu Kyi 's home . Police maintain a round-the-clock presence outside the house . And swimming in the lake is forbidden . U Kyi Win told CNN that Yettaw arrived at his client 's house that day and that she asked him to leave immediately . U Kyi Win said Yettaw refused to leave , first saying he did n't want to swim in daylight for fear of being captured , and later blaming leg cramps . Yettaw finally left May 5 . Suu Kyi did n't tell authorities about the visit because she did n't want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble , Win said , nothing that several of her party members and supporters are already in jail . He added that Yettaw would likely be in the courtroom during the trial . Little else is known about Yettaw 's role in the Myanmar incident or his intentions , apart from local media reports that said Yettaw , a diabetic , told Suu Kyi 's two housekeepers he was tired and hungry after the swim and they offered him food . Some previous media reports referred to him as John William Yeattaw . He appeared healthy and in good spirits at a hearing on Friday at Insein Prison , the U.S. Embassy official said . The defense will argue that Yettaw entered Suu Kyi 's home due to poor government security , said Jared Genser , a Washington , D.C.-based lawyer who is one of the attorneys on her defense team . "  Frankly , she does not believe she did any offense , " Genser said . He noted that Insein Prison houses many political prisoners , and the conditions are poor for even a young , healthy person . Tuberculosis is rampant , mosquitoes and other insects are numerous , and nighttime temperatures at the prison frequently reach 90 degrees Fahrenheit  29-32 Celsius  with no fresh air traveling through the facility , Genser said . "  There is deep reason to be concerned with her detention , " he said . "  Insein is a notorious prison . It is filthy . ... When you combine that with her health concerns , it is very worrying . " Suu Kyi has been the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement and the focus of a global campaign to free her . Her National League for Democracy party won over 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 , but she was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results . It was during her house arrest that she won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on trial with U.S. man John Yettaw is charged with trespassing into restrictive area Suu Kyi 's supporters call charges an excuse to extend her house arrest The Nobel Peace Prize laureate was scheduled to end 13 years of house arrest
The Senate Intelligence Committee voted Thursday for the public release of key parts of a report on the notorious CIA detention and interrogation program launched after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . A final decision on declassifying the information now rests with the White House , and it was unclear how long such a process would take . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said the panel she leads voted 11-3 in a closed-door session to declassify the 480-page executive summary and 20 findings and conclusions of the five-year study . Feinstein called the report 's findings "  shocking , " saying it "  exposes brutality that stands in stark contrast to our values as a nation . " "  A stain on our history " "  It chronicles a stain on our history that must never again be allowed to happen , " she said . "  This is not what Americans do . " The committee 's ranking Republican , Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , said he voted to declassify the information in order to move past the politically volatile issue from the GOP administration of former President George W. Bush . "  This is a chapter in our past that should have already been closed , " he said . Two other Republicans on the panel -- Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Jim Risch of Idaho -- said they voted against declassification of the report they labeled as "  one-sided " and "  partisan , " adding the public release of the information would fail to end the debate . Critics of the CIA detention and interrogation program , including President Barack Obama , have called the use of controversial techniques including waterboarding a violation of laws prohibiting torture . Obama banned the practices when he took office in 2009 , after the CIA had already stopped using them . Defenders say the program started in response to the terror attacks yielded valuable intelligence that led to major victories in the fight against al Qaeda , including the operation that killed Osama bin Laden . Feinstein said her panel also was sending the full 6,200-page report to the White House for possible declassification sometime in the future . Usually one of the CIA 's staunchest backers , Feinstein has recently lashed out at the agency in a dispute over the committee staff 's preparation of the report , which has been complete since 2012 . The CIA has asked the Justice Department to investigate whether Senate staffers violated the law by accessing classified internal information based on the same documents the agency turned over to the Senate for its review . Spying dispute Feinstein accused the CIA of snooping on computers used by the Senate staffers , which were in a CIA facility designated for the committee 's use . Her statement Thursday detailed harsh criticism of the CIA in the report , which said "  points to major problems with CIA 's management of this program and its interactions with the White House , other parts of the executive branch and Congress . " "  The release of this summary and conclusions in the near future shows that this nation admits its errors , as painful as they may be , and seeks to learn from them , " Feinstein said . "  It is now abundantly clear that , in an effort to prevent further terrorist attacks after 9/11 and bring those responsible to justice , the CIA made serious mistakes that haunt us to this day . " In a Senate floor speech last month , Feinstein outlined part of the reason to make the report public . FBI looks into dispute between CIA , Senate "  The interrogations and the conditions of confinement at the CIA detention sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIA had described them to us , " she said then . Current and former officials familiar with the findings say it portrays efforts by CIA officials to burnish internal reports of how effective the program was , even when it was clear that was n't the case . The tactics used were approved by legal memos from the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , though several of the memos were later withdrawn as erroneous . The Justice Department reviewed the conduct of some employees and contractors involved in the program , which the officials say showed excesses beyond those approved by the Justice Department , but declined to bring criminal prosecutions . Congress misled ? One of those expected to come under criticism in the Senate report is John Rizzo , who was acting general counsel at the agency during the post-9 / 11 period . Rizzo , who recently published his memoir "  Company Man : Thirty Years of Controversy and Crisis in the CIA , " supports declassifying and releasing the Senate report and the CIA 's rebuttal "  and let people judge . " He disputes the idea that he or any other officials misled Congress , something he said he would have told congressional investigators if they asked for an interview . "  I believed the program yielded valuable intelligence and I continue to believe this . Now , could it have been gotten through other ways ? I do n't know ; that is unknowable , " Rizzo said in an interview . A dozen years later , he added , it was important to recall that CIA employees did the best they could in facing the threat at the time . The program began when Congress and then-President Bush were pushing the CIA and other security agencies to do everything to prevent another attack , which at the time was believed to be very likely . The CIA in the past has disputed some of the findings of the Senate committee report . Dean Boyd , a CIA spokesman , refrained from commenting on the report , saying the agency had yet to receive a final copy . Last month , Obama said he supported the declassification of the committee 's report "  so that the American people can understand what happened in the past and that can help guide us as we move forward . " What are the CIA and Senate fighting about ?	The panel voted 11-3 for declassification of some of the report Intelligence Committee report covers CIA interrogation programs during the Bush era Panel will submit entire report to the White House , which has final say on declassification This is the report that triggered allegations of CIA spying on the Intelligence Committee
The National Institutes of Health admitted a patient with exposure to the Ebola virus to the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland Thursday afternoon "  out of an abundance of caution , " the NIH said . The patient -- an American nurse who volunteered at an Ebola treatment unit in the West African nation of Sierra Leone -- "  has been admitted to the NIH Clinical Center 's special clinical studies unit that is specifically designed to provide high-level isolation capabilities and is staffed by infectious diseases and critical care specialists , " the federal medical research agency said in a statement . "  NIH is taking every precaution to ensure the safety of our patients , NIH staff , and the public . This situation presents minimal risk to any of them . " The NIH hospital outside Washington is one of a handful in the United States specially equipped to treat patients with highly infectious diseases like Ebola . NIH said that it would n't be divulging any additional details about the patient at this time . U.N. ` concentrating ' on Sierra Leone The vast majority of the more than 18,000 confirmed and suspected cases , and the more than 6,500 deaths , in the latest Ebola outbreak have been in West Africa , according to the World Health Organization . And at more than 8,000 cases , Sierra Leone has had the most cases of any country . The United Nations ' point man on Ebola briefed reporters Thursday on his recent trip to the stricken region . "  In Sierra Leone , in the east of the country , transmission has reduced , " said Dr. David Nabarro . "  But in  the west of the country , there is intense transmission and we 're concentrating on that area . " Overall , however , Nabarro was encouraged by the improvements he saw since his visit in September . "  I 'm  confident that we 're going in the right direction . " Several people who have been treated at American hospitals were first diagnosed with the virus in the region . There have been some exceptions , like Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , who was diagnosed at a Dallas hospital , where he died . One of the nurses who treated Duncan , Nina Pham , caught Ebola and underwent treatment at the National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland . The NIH declared her Ebola-free in late October . Nabarro said he was "  delighted " by Time Magazine naming Ebola fighters as the publication 's ` Person of the Year . ' "  People working on this response -- thousands of people , from the region and outside -- really are amazing , " he said . "  Putting their lives on the line , continuing the effort , sometimes they just want to stay because they feel they ca n't stop until the job is done . "	The NIH admits patient who was exposed to Ebola NIH : "  situation presents minimal risk " The patient is an American nurse who was volunteering in Sierra Leone UN says its concentrating on western Sierra Leone
CNN  -- Alistair Brownlee claimed Britain 's first ever medal in the men 's Olympic triathlon , taking gold ahead of two-time world champion Javier Gomez and his brother Jonny , who won bronze despite incurring a 15 second penalty . It marked Team GB 's 19th gold medal of the London Games , matching the number they landed in Beijing four years ago . The elder of the two brothers , Alistair , recovered from months out with injury to take his first Olympic gold medal in a grueling event that comprises a 1.5 km swim , 43km bike ride and a 10km run . The 24-year-old clocked a time of one hour 45 minutes and 23 seconds to edge out Gomez and could afford to grab a Union Jack flag from the crowd and canter through the final 100 meters . Jonny , 22 , had to receive medical treatment after the race but showed guts and determination to take third after being penalized for mounting his bike too soon after the swim . All the action from day eleven with our London 2012 live blog Alistair 's triumph was soon followed by another as Laura Bechtolsheimer , Carl Hester and Charlotte Dujardin helped Britain win the team dressage event in Greenwich Park . "  It feels a bit underwhelming in a way because Jonny has collapsed and he 's not feeling too good , " Alistair told the host broadcaster after the race . "  That race was just unbelievable . I felt in control right from the start . And the crowds , I do n't think I 've ever come across anything anywhere near like that and I doubt I ever will again . "  My ears are still ringing with the noise . It was absolutely amazing . I 'm massively proud . It 's been talked about so much that Great Britain have n't won a triathlon medal so the pressure was stacked up . "  To get two of us , two British brothers , on the podium -- you could n't ask for any more . " Both brothers finished the end of the swimming leg in the leading pack but Jonny was handed a penalty for mounting his bike too early after leaving Hyde Park 's Serpentine lake . At the end of the 43km bike stage both were at the front as British teammate Stuart Hayes played the role of pace setter . Alistair moved away from the field in the early stages of the 10km run , allowing Jonny to leave enough of a cushion to serve his 15 second penalty and rejoin the race clear in third . The elder brother ended with a time of 29 minutes and seven seconds in the 10km run -- just over a minute and a half slower than compatriot Mo Farah who won the 10,000 meters on Saturday . Alsatair said he had purposely ran a fast opening lap to give his brother the best chance to win a medal . He added : "  We knew he had a penalty early in the bike and I was telling him ` Calm down , you can still easily get on the podium with a 15 second penalty . ' "  I took the first lap of the run out really hard to try and get Jonny as far away from the others as I could . Gomez was having a great race again today so there was not much we could do about that . "  Jonny is fine , triathlon is a tough sport and we 've both been in that position . I think it was deceptively hard today , obviously it was fast but with this humid , muggy day , it dehydrates you and he was right on the edge at the finish . "	Alistair Brownlee wins gold in the men 's triathlon at the London Olympics His brother Jonny finishes third with Spain 's Javier Gomez taking the silver Alistair takes one hour 45 minutes and 23 seconds to complete course Britain take gold in team dressage event to beat their tally from Beijing
CNN  -- In television dramas like CBS ' "  Criminal Minds , " serial killers are apprehended swiftly and surely . In real murder cases -- as in the investigation and recent capture of a suspect in the so-called "  Grim Sleeper " killings on the south side of Los Angeles , California -- it can take years , even decades , to bring a suspect to justice . Police are now saying that the arrest of 57-year-old Lonnie David Franklin Jr. closes the book on at least 11 unsolved murders that occurred since 1985 . Unlike most homicides , which are solved in a matter of days , if not hours , crimes committed by a prolific serial offender present a daunting challenge to investigators . There is an element of self-selection : Only those perpetrators who possess the right level of skill , street savvy or cunning can remain at large long enough to amass a large victim count and , therefore , achieve the status of serial killer . A careless wannabe would likely be stopped long before that point , and certainly before reaching double digits as did the Grim Sleeper . However , the difficulties that homicide detectives confront when searching for unidentified serial murderers are not so much about their being "  master criminals " -- as most are not -- but about their usual offense pattern and modus operandi . Several factors common among serial murderers and their crimes work in their favor and tend to keep their identity a mystery : 1 . Serial murderers usually target strangers -- those who happen to be at the wrong place at the wrong time and who are selected either out of sheer convenience or because they fit the killers ' fantasies and murder script . Thus , the standard investigative approach used by homicide detectives of assembling a list of likely suspects  friends , neighbors , and co-workers , anyone with a reason to kill the victim  does n't help in the least . The killer could be just about anyone with whom the victims came in contact . And when the victims live off the streets , like some of the women slain by the Grim Sleeper , the list of possible suspects can be endless . 2 . Serial killers generally dispose of their victims ' bodies in remote or otherwise hidden places -- a river , a wooded area , or even in large garbage bags tossed in trash bins . As a result , the police do n't have an evidence-rich crime scene  where the victims were assaulted  to scour for clues . The disposal site tends to yield very little in the way of physical evidence , especially if it is exposed to the elements or wildlife . 3 . Serial killers tend to be ordinary in appearance , looking above suspicion . Like the man arrested in connection with the Grim Sleeper murders , they just do n't fit our stereotype of a vicious killer . People are usually incredulous when they learn the allegation of their neighbor 's hidden activities . In fact , the seemingly trustworthy veneer that aids serial killers in attracting victims into their grasp also serves them well in appearing anything but suspicious . In addition , their detailed planning process often includes conjuring up a host of plausible alibis should the police come knocking at the door . 4 . Serial killers , like the Grim Sleeper , tend to prefer vulnerable people as targets , especially prostitutes , drug users or other marginal types whose disappearance will not generally bring a massive police effort or strong community response . Also , those on the street who might be in a position to witness the abduction of a prostitute or drug user do not generally make for cooperative and reliable witnesses . For all of these reasons , serial killers , when eventually discovered , are often captured because of luck -- bad luck on their part and terrific luck for the rest of us . In the Grim Sleeper case , police used a discarded slice of pizza to get Franklin 's DNA , which they linked to evidence at some of the crime scenes , sources told The Los Angeles Times . And sometimes , serial killers just get a bit too overconfident after years and years of eluding law enforcement and begin to see themselves as unstoppable . At that point , they frequently become careless and take unnecessary risks . Ultimately , their own arrogance becomes their downfall . Despite the challenges that serial murder cases pose for homicide investigators , there are certain strategies that can maximize the chances of solving a case , even when the trail grows cold with passing years . Although DNA evidence did not produce any direct hits to a suspect , the Los Angeles police went the extra mile by checking indirect familial DNA matches . After linking genetic material to a prisoner , circumstantial evidence led investigators to the inmate 's father -- Lonnie David Franklin Jr. -- the Times reported . But often the secret to success is nothing as intricate or intriguing as the various scientific tools featured on CSI-Wherever . Rather , it entails old-fashioned approaches such as canvassing the neighborhood , interviewing witnesses and preparing detailed investigative reports . Most of all , successful serial murder investigations require skilled management of personnel and information . When the body count rises , so does the volume of leads that need to be pursued and number of officers involved in the manhunt . The key to solving a seemingly unsolvable crime often comes down to administrative efficiency , as well as to that little stroke of welcome luck . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Alan Fox .	Serial killers often elude capture for years due to nature of their crimes , says James Alan Fox He says they are hard to identify because they lack obvious ties to the victims Fox says in many cases there is no crime scene available for analysis Administrative efficiency by police -- and luck -- play a key part , he says
CNN  -- The body of actor James Gandolfini has been returned to the United States , a family friend said Monday . A charter flight to Newark , New Jersey , on Sunday night carried the body of the "  Sopranos " star , Michael Kobold said . An autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack , Kobold said . A funeral service for family and friends is scheduled for Thursday in New York , Kobold said . It will be held at The Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in Manhattan . Gandolfini , 51 , died last week while on a working vacation in Rome . He arrived there with his son , Michael , the day before he died . "  Jim was happy , he was healthy , he was doing really fine , " Kobold said recently . "  He was on vacation with his son . He has an 8-month-old daughter . Everything was going great . I just spoke to him on Father 's Day . " The same day Gandolfini died , he had visited the Vatican and dined with his son , the family said . After he returned to his room , his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door . Hotel staff broke down the door to get to him and called an ambulance , said Tiziana Rocca , head of a film festival the actor was planning to attend . Gandolfini was in Italy to receive an award at the Taormina Film Fest in the Sicilian town of Taormina . Instead of the award ceremony , the festival paid tribute to Gandolfini 's lifetime achievements . The actor shot to fame on the HBO drama "  The Sopranos . " In the widely successful series , he played Tony Soprano , a tough New Jersey crime boss . He also appeared in various movies , including "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  Killing Them Softly . " Entertainers , politicians , friends mourn Gandolfini Fans : ` It 's not James , it 's Tony '	Gandolfini 's remains arrived on Sunday night , according to a family friend A funeral will be held Thursday in New York The "  Sopranos " star died in Rome last week of a heart attack He had been on vacation with his son
CNN  -- Social networking may be one of the biggest phenomenons of the 21st century , but for some denizens of the Web , it 's a way to get in touch with the past . Web sites like livinghistoryworldwide.com  with a membership of more than 5,700  and groups on Facebook allow people who enjoy past eras to connect with each other . But it goes beyond that : Some of them dress and live like they would decades , if not centuries , ago . Step into Estelle Barada 's living room in Providence , Rhode Island , and you might feel like you 've traveled back to the 1890s . Barada , a hotel caterer , sees it as an escape from her stressful job . "  I was the middle child and kind of like the dreamer , and for some strange reason I always dreamed of living not in America , but England , " she explained . "  I imagined having tea with the queen and touring the castle and that was my dream as a little girl . " Today , "  Lady Estelle , " as she likes to be called , lives out that dream by hosting tea parties for her friends while dressed in Victorian clothing , completely in character . When going out , she 's dressed in a more understated fashion , but still completely consistent with the late 1800s , with a long skirt and hat . "  I always wear hats and when I go shopping , I get the attention of the older women , who say , I love the way you look , " she said . iReport : Fashions of a modern-day Victorian "  Eighteen-seventy-four should have been my birth date ... instead of 1974 , " said Raychyl Whyte of Hamilton , Ontario . Her fascination with the Victorian era began in childhood , coinciding with a pop cultural revival of Victorian themes in the 1970s . Whyte and her "  Victorian gentleman " began restoration on a circa-1898 house in 2008 . Now they host 1800s-themed events there , where dress from the time period is always encouraged . They use Meetup.com to organize these events as part of the Hamilton Victorian & Steampunk Society . Why would one live this lifestyle ? For many of these iReporters , it 's a reaction to modern society just as much as a love of the fashion and style of days gone by . "  I suppose others might call me an eccentric , but I just live the life I want to live and do n't care about what others say or think about me , " said Ray Frensham , a "  Living Victorian , " from London , England . "  Even though I 've felt increasingly disconnected from the modern world for many years now , I 'm not retreating into some past nether-world seeking a kind of comfort-blanket . " Modern society in the United Kingdom can be "  remarkably cruel and unforgiving , " Frensham said . "  There is certainly no sense of any kind of community anymore , " he said . "  People are purely self-centered , only in it for what they can get out of themselves . " He points to the recent MP expenses scandal there , which led to the resignation of British House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin , as an example . At the same time , something just feels right to Frensham when he wears a suit and bow tie , or more recently , an ascot . "  It just creates a mind set that you 're ready to face the day , " he said . Frensham is also the coordinator of the London Victorian Strollers , who take walks around the city while decked out in Victorian garb , and says that the reaction from passersby , especially tourists , is extremely positive . "  It 's quite extraordinary , people just love it . " Social networking certainly plays a large role , but Frensham also believes that groups like the Victorian Strollers  with its 125 members on Facebook  are emerging more and more lately . "  I think it 's just a lot of people saying ' I do n't like what I see anymore , so let 's create our own reality . ' " Carmen Johnson of Orlando , Florida , certainly sees that as being the case . She runs one of several social networking sites that bring together retro lifestyle enthusiasts of all stripes . "  The first thing I ask -LSB- members of the Web site -RSB- is what they would like to bring from the past . Many of them say they would like to see the return of good manners and morals , " she said . "  They like the values of respect for women , respect for others . Now with the society we live in , anything goes . " Johnson , like Frensham , can trace at least some of what influences her to Hollywood . Growing up in the 1970s and '80s , she was a big fan of "  Grease , " Elvis Presley and "  I Love Lucy , " but "  Back to the Future " captured her imagination . "  Just thinking about traveling in time to whatever year that I always dreamed about was fascinating to me ! " she said . Needless to say , the 1950s are her favorite era . This translated into her pursuit of art , which she described as both modern and retro . When her love of this time translated into reality upon viewing a documentary about "  time warp wives , " she was inspired to start the blog Timewarpwives.com , eager for the opportunity to interview women who live their lives as "  traditional 1950s housewives . " iReport : Johnson 's life as a "  retro artist " Now , those with casual interest as well as those who live their lives in a past era , what Johnson calls "  timewarpians , " interact on her site , Timewarpliving.com , which boasts more than 250 members . "  When people come to this site , they see that they 're not alone , " she said . Johnson considers "  Lady Estelle " Barada to be a great example of a "  timewarpian . " Barada hopes to pass on the manners , if not necessarily the fashion , of the era to the next generation by hosting parties with young girls and teaching them about etiquette . As for her own granddaughters , she said they love paying a visit . "  They ask their mother if they can wear a pretty dress and go to grandmother 's house . "	Social networking allows those who enjoy past eras to connect "  Timewarpians " enjoy dressing and living as they would in the past Some say this is partially a reaction to modern day stresses , problems Check out more stories of those "  living in a time warp " on CNN iReport
CNN  -- It 's that time in the presidential cycle again . Mitt Romney , presumptive GOP nominee , appoints a trusted adviser to lead his vice presidential search . The questionnaires are readied ; the real level of interest of the contenders is gauged  and all public protestations of noninterest dutifully disregarded . The candidate 's weaknesses are cataloged , both in battleground states and in key demographics . And maybe the candidate weighs in with a guideline or two for the search . This time around , it 's clear what one rule will be : The vice presidential nominee needs to be qualified to be president . Just ask Steve Schmidt , John McCain 's former campaign manager  now played by Woody Harrelson in HBO 's "  Game Change "  , about that teensy detail that was , er , overlooked in the Sarah Palin pick . "  The reality of this process going forward is that Mitt Romney will run a very tight , very disciplined , very focused search process which will result in someone indisputably prepared to be president of the United States , " he tells me . Further elaboration ? Um , unnecessary . CNN Poll : Republicans divided on Romney VP choice It 's worth mentioning that the Romney campaign faces some of the deficits that plagued McCain : a gender gulch and a lack of enthusiasm among much of the very conservative base . So it would be easy to pull a Palin , circa 2012 -- that is , look for an appealing , conservative female pol to excite the unexcited . Except that it wo n't -- and should n't -- happen that way . One reason : because Palin happened that way . Another reason : The Romney campaign  and its candidate  are a different breed from Team McCain . "  There 's a very different culture , " says another McCain alum . "  Romney is analytical , data-driven and risk averse . McCain was the opposite of all of those things . " Think fearless fighter pilot in the cockpit versus a man at home in a conference room with spreadsheets . And while the situations are somewhat similar , there are also some key differences in the political environment : It 's not as bad for Republicans in 2012 as it was in 2008 . The country had Bush fatigue ; McCain was seen as offering a Bush third term . There was a massive fundraising deficit , which wo n't be the case this time around . And the McCain campaign culture itself was chaotic and often dysfunctional -- not so with the Romney folks . The Romney search is being led by Beth Myers , a longtime adviser who some believe channels Romney as well as anyone . She 's thorough and understands what the candidate is looking for , and who would make him comfortable . She and Romney also understand the process from the other end since he was vetted by McCain four years ago . Most of all , of course , there is the obvious lesson learned from Palin : that the vice presidential pick needs to have a pre-existing base of expertise on a variety of issues . One of the many mistakes the McCain people have admitted is that they assumed that a sitting governor , by virtue of her position , would be up to the task of answering substantive questions of vital interest to the nation . "  It 's the threshold , " says one former McCain adviser . Well , at least it is now . Sure , Romney will want a running mate who balances his weaknesses with conservatives and maybe can lend a hand in a key state or two . But post-Palin , the vice presidential nominee needs to be one thing more than anything else : competent , prepared and ready to lead . McCain 's credibility went down the tubes when the 72-year-old candidate offered the slogan "  America First , " and then picked Palin as his potential successor . McCain chose the Hail Mary ; that 's who he is . Romney wo n't do that . His choice will be more staid and more subdued -- and someone he knows he can work with across that conference table . That might not be exciting , but it would be authentic . Which is exactly what Romney needs to be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Mitt Romney has begun the process of picking a vice presidential candidate Gloria Borger : Romney will apply one key lesson of John McCain 's Sarah Palin pick Borger says whoever is chosen needs to be prepared to be president of the U.S.
CNN  -- Most of what you read or hear in mass media about President Hugo Chavez is always negative , his faults exaggerated , his discourse distorted and his achievements ignored . The reality is quite different . Hugo Chavez was beloved by millions around the world . He changed the course of a continent and led a collective awakening of a people once silenced , once exploited and ignored . Chavez was a grandiose visionary and a maker of dreams . An honest man from a humble background who lived in a mud hut as a child and sold candies on the streets to make money for his family , Chavez dreamed of building a strong , sovereign nation , independent of foreign influence and dignified on the world scene . He dreamed of improving the lives of his people , of eradicating the misery of poverty and of offering everyone the chance of a better life -- the "  good life "  el buenvivir  , as he called it . President Chavez made those dreams come true . During his nearly 14 years of governance , elected to three full six-year terms but only serving two due to his untimely death , Chavez 's policies reduced extreme poverty in Venezuela by more than 75 % , from 25 % to less than 7 % in a decade , according to statistics from the Center for Economic and Policy Research . And overall poverty was reduced by more than 50 % , from 60 % in 1998 when Chavez first won office to 27 % by 2008 . What 's next ? Chavez 's death leaves many questions This is not just numbers , this translates into profound changes in the lives of millions of Venezuelans who today eat three meals a day , own their homes and have jobs or access to financial aid . But the dreams do n't stop there . Chavez dreamed of a nation filled with educated , healthy people , and so he established free , quality public education from preschool through doctoral studies , accessible to all . In fact , for those in remote areas or places without educational facilities , schools were built and mobile educational facilities were created to bring education to the people . Chavez also created a national public health system offering universal , free health care to all , with the help and solidarity of Cuba , which sent thousands of doctors and medical workers to provide quality services to the Venezuelan people , many who had never received medical care in their lives . To strengthen and empower communities , Chavez propelled policies of inclusion and participatory governance , giving voice to those previously excluded from politics . He created grassroots community councils and networks to attend to local needs in neighborhoods across the nation , placing the power to govern in the joint hands of community groups . Opinion : Chavez used force of personality to win votes , influence leaders His vision of diversifying his nation and developing its full potential transformed into railways , new industries , satellite cities and innovative transport , such as MetroCable Cars soaring high into the mountains of Caracas to connect people in their steep hillside homes with the bustling city . The centuries-old dream of Independence hero Simon Bolivar to build a unified "  Patria Grande "  Grand Homeland  in South America became Chavez 's guiding light and he held it high , illuminating the path he paved . Chavez was a driving force in unifying Latin America , creating new regional organizations like the Union of South American Nations  UNASUR  , the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America  ALBA  and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States  CELAC  . These entities have embraced integration , cooperation and solidarity as their principal method of exchange , rejecting competition , exploitation and domination , the main principles of U.S. and western foreign policy . Chavez inspired a 21st century world to fight for justice , to stand with dignity before bullying powers that seek to impose their will on others . He raised his voice when no others would and had no fear of consequence , because he knew that truth was on his side . Opinion : Chavez empowered the poor , divided a nation Chavez was a maker of dreams . He recognized the rights of the disabled , of indigenous peoples , all genders and sexualities . He broke down barriers of racism and classism and declared himself a socialist feminist . He not only made his own dreams come true , but he inspired us all to achieve our fullest potential . Do n't get me wrong , things are not perfect in Venezuela by any stretch , but no one can honestly deny that they are much better than before Hugo Chavez became president . And no one could deny that President Hugo Chavez was larger than life . The first time I flew on President Chavez 's airplane , he invited me to breakfast in his private room . It was just me and him . I was nervous and felt anxious and rushed to tell him about the results of my investigations into the United States government 's role in the coup d'etat against him in 2002 . Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy After all , that 's why I was on the plane in the first place . I had been invited to participate in his regular Sunday television show , Alo Presidente  Hello Mr. President  to present the hundreds of declassified documents I had obtained from U.S. government agencies through the Freedom of Information Act that exposed U.S. funding of coup participants . The date was April 11 , 2004 , exactly two years after the coup that nearly killed him and sent the nation into spiraling chaos .  Editor 's Note : The U.S. government denied involvement in the 2002 coup . As I began pulling out papers and spreading documents on the table that separated us , he stopped me . "  Have you had breakfast yet ? " he asked . "  No , " I said , and continued fiddling with the revealing paper before me . "  We can discuss that later , " he said . "  For now , tell me about yourself . How is your mother ? " he asked me , as though we were old friends . A flight attendant came through the door of his private room with two trays and placed them on the table . I quickly gathered up the documents . "  Let 's eat , " he said . I started to protest , trying to explain that his time was so limited I wanted to take advantage of every minute . He stopped me and said : "  This is a humble breakfast , a breakfast from the barracks , what I most love . " I looked at the tray for the first time . On it was a small plate with an arepa , a typical Venezuelan corn patty , a few shreads of white cheese , a couple of pieces of canteloupe and some anchovies . Beside the plate was a small cup of black coffee . No frills and not what you would expect on a presidential airplane . "  After all , I am just a soldier , " he added . Yes , Chavez , you are a soldier , a glorious soldier of a dignified , proud and kind people . And you are a maker of dreams for millions around the world . Chavez leaves Venezuelan economy more equal , less stable	Eva Golinger says Hugo Chavez reduced poverty for millions of Venezuelans She argues his achievements are ignored by western media Under Chavez , cities , transport and industry grew , says Golinger
They 're the most powerful couple in the country but President Barack Obama and the First Lady Michelle Obama say they 're sometimes still treated like the help . Speaking to People Magazine , the first lady recounts a trip to Target when a fellow customer asked for assistance with an item -- not recognizing her as the wife of the President of the United States . "  She did n't see me as the first lady , she saw me as someone who could help her , " Mrs. Obama said . "  Those kinds of things happen in life . So it is n't anything new . " The president said he -- like many African-American men -- had been mistaken for a valet . "  There 's no black male my age , who 's a professional , who has n't come out of a restaurant and is waiting for their car and somebody did n't hand them their car keys , " he told the magazine . Obama said those indignities do n't compare to the violent struggle for equal rights waged a generation ago . But he said it 's concerning when law enforcement regards African-American men with undue suspicion . "  It 's one thing for me to be mistaken for a waiter at a gala . It 's another thing for my son to be mistaken for a robber and to be handcuffed , or worse , if he happens to be walking down the street and is dressed the way teenagers dress , " he said . The Obamas comments come after a spate of incidents that involve police and race -- in two cases , grand juries failed to indict police officers responsible for the deaths of unarmed black men , leading to angry protests . Some have called on Obama to take a firmer stand against aggressive police tactics . The White House announced earlier this month a review panel to look into the relationship between communities and police forces nationwide .	Obamas spoke to People Magazine Couple spoke about role of race in America
Compton , California  CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight pleaded not guilty Tuesday to murder charges in a fatal hit-and-run incident before complaining of chest pains in court and being taken to the hospital . Knight , 49 , stood in a defendant 's box next to his attorneys and intently read the complaint against him as the hearing opened . Wearing a Los Angeles County orange inmate jumpsuit , he glanced back into the gallery several times in the Compton , California , courtroom during the brief hearing and answered the judge 's questions politely with , "  Yes , sir , your honor . " Later in the session , Knight was transported to a hospital after saying he was having chest pains , according to Officer John Gardner of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Information Bureau . Mark Blankenship , president of Everlert Entertainment and who has business dealings with Knight , told reporters Tuesday he believed Knight was under strain because he has n't had access to his medicine . "  Imagine yourself being picked up unexpectedly into a jail cell and not having the right medicine . I know they 've been seeking to get him medicine . He has special medicines he needs , " Blankenship told reporters . "  It 's a medical condition . " Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted in the fatal hit-and-run in Compton last week . Knight is accused of running over two men and killing one of them following an argument . The man who died was Terry Carter , 55 , a former rap record label owner . The second man is Cle "  Bone " Sloan , 51 . Sloan 's attorney , Michael Shapiro , said Tuesday that his client is in shock and has suffered a serious concussion and might not be able to walk again . Sloan 's left foot was mangled in the alleged hit-and-run , Shapiro said . The attorney added that his client is out of the hospital now and is in a secret location with hired protection . Knight , who was out on bail in a separate robbery case , is charged with one count of murder , one count of attempted murder , and two counts of hit-and-run with an allegation that he committed a serious and violent felony while out on bail , the district attorney 's office said in a statement . He has prior convictions , "  making this a third strike case , " it said . Knight turned himself in to Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department investigators early Friday . On Tuesday , Knight 's attorney , David Kenner , told reporters outside the courthouse that Knight was trying to flee from an attack in the hit-and-run incident . "  It 's too early to tell , but clearly from what I understand ... he was being attacked and trying to get away from that attack , no more than that , " Kenner said . Knight felt remorseful about the death and the injury in the incident , Kenner said . "  It 's not his fault , " Kenner added about Knight . Carter and Knight were friends , Kenner said . "  They 've known each other for a long time , " the attorney said . Another of Knight 's attorneys , James Blatt , has also said that Knight feared for his life and was trying to flee , according to CNN affiliate KCAL-TV and the Los Angeles Times . "  We feel strongly Mr. Knight did not do anything wrong in this matter . He was attacked by a number of individuals ; that has already been corroborated by certain witnesses . He left the scene because he was in fear for his safety and life , " Blatt said . The attorney for Sloan dismissed that version of events . "  That 's absurd , " Shapiro said Tuesday . During Tuesday 's arraignment , the initial judge assigned to the case , John Cheroske , recused himself because he had represented both victims in the case in his years as an attorney . Judge Ricardo Ocampo quickly took over the case . Knight 's bail hearing was scheduled for next Monday . He is now being held in jail without bail . Knight founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 , signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards .	Knight "  was being attacked and trying to get away from that attack , " his attorney says "  That 's absurd , " injured man 's attorney says of that version of events Knight complains of chest pains during hearing , taken to the hospital from courthouse
CNN  -- Dubai is adept at attracting investment and this month it has laid claim to the world 's richest ever golf tournament . Tiger Woods competes in The Presidents Cup at The Royal Montreal Golf Club on Sept. 30 , 2007 . The Dubai World Championship will be contested in 2009 with a total prize pot worth $ 10 million . It will be played at at Jumeirah Golf Estates , a residental golfing community currently under construction . The U.S. Tour 's Players Championship is currently the world 's richest single golf competition , offering prize money of $ 9 million . E-mail to a friend	World 's richest golf tournament to be held in Dubai in 2009 Total prize pot worth $ 10 million , trumping the U.S. Player 's Championship To be played at Jumeirah Golf Estates , currently under construction
CNN  -- When I was 10 , the school that hosted my Cub Scout pack told us we needed to find a new home . The Boy Scouts of America 's policy of prohibiting gay Scouts and Scoutmasters -- which the Supreme Court had recently affirmed -- violated the school 's nondiscrimination policy . I was confused , because my den mother , Jackie -- who is my actual mother -- was a lesbian , and nobody in our unit had any issue with that . The school district in Iowa City , Iowa , was adamant . We had to go . It would not host an organization that discriminated against gay people . We managed to find an alternative sponsor , a church not too far away . My mother continued to be den mother . But some parents pulled their kids from the pack , uncomfortable with entrusting their sons to an organization they believed engaged in discrimination . Unfortunately , because of the Boy Scouts of America 's shortsighted policy , many of the boys who left my pack missed out on learning the lifelong principles , values and skills that Scouting offers . Those enlightened Iowa parents I remember so clearly were one of the reasons that , a decade later , I founded Scouts for Equality , the national campaign to end the Boy Scouts of America 's ban on gay members . After meeting den mother Jennifer Tyrrell , a lesbian who had been kicked out of Scouting , it was clear that what I had learned in Scouting demanded action . Opinion : Time for Scouts to ban discrimination Our organization trained Scouts in grass-roots organizing , led petition drives that gathered 1.4 million signatures , and provided emotional support to advocates as they dealt with character assassination and homophobic vandalism . Less than a month after we launched , the Boy Scouts of America doubled down on its anti-gay membership policy . But last week , in an unexpected move , it announced that its national board is considering a policy change to end the organization 's high-profile national ban on gay members and leaders . It would leave the decision to include gays up to local units . Although the move would only shift the ability to discriminate from the national level to the local , it would be an important step in the right direction . There should be no doubt that this move will open the Scouting program to more youth , and that 's something we should all be celebrating . First of all , more school districts such as the one I grew up in will be able to resume their sponsorship of Scouting units , offering space for Scouts to meet , develop skills and enjoy one another 's friendship . Meeting in local elementary schools always made the most sense for the Boy Scouts anyway : They 're in the neighborhood , centrally located and have more than adequate resources to host Scouting programs . Watch Zach Wahls address the Iowa House of Representatives on same-sex marriage And second , even though some sponsor organizations might continue to bar gay Scouts and leaders and just as we lost Scouts when parents objected to the ban , we may lose some when the ban is lifted . But I believe the overwhelming majority of Scouting units and sponsors will eventually move in the right direction . Opposition to same-sex marriage is very different from opposition to the development of the skills and minds young men need , regardless of their sexual orientation . Finally , when local units are able to set their own membership standards , those organizations that withdrew funding -- most prominently , chapters of the United Way -- will be able to return that funding to Scouting units that embrace inclusion . Without a blanket policy of nondiscrimination , corporate or foundation giving to the Boy Scouts of America at the national level is a veritable landmine . The Boy Scouts of America should move as quickly as its members will allow in implementing a single national policy of nondiscrimination to streamline and assure these funding sources . I have no doubt that some folks truly believe homosexuality is inconsistent with their understanding of morality and we should include their voices in the broader conversation . But those beliefs should not overrule the opinions of others . Nobody is saying that people who are against homosexuality should be excluded . There 's still much work to do . Should the Boy Scouts of America 's national board adopt the proposed policy change as expected , Scouts for Equality will continue to urge local units across the nation to embrace inclusion . A house divided can not stand . And speaking as a straight Eagle Scout , discrimination -- whether it 's at the national or local level -- sends a harmful message to all young people . It has no place in Scouting . I hope that with the end of this policy , some of those parents who had reservations about the Boy Scouts might re-enroll their sons in the program . Scouting , like the community that once hosted my former pack and may have the chance to do so again , should be a home to all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zach Wahls .	Zach Wahls says his mother , a lesbian , ran his Scout den without any one objecting After ban on gays instituted , Wahls became activist to allow gays in Scouting Wahls says ban is harmful since Scouts lost funding and support of many parents Wahls : Boy Scouts of America might lift national ban , but local units could still discriminate
CNN  -- Fifty years ago , a Frenchman and a German -- seared by the devastation of World War II -- forged an enterprise with the less than exciting name of the European Coal and Steel Community . West German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer and French Prime Minister Robert Schuman 's modest beginning to European integration -- to tie together the coal and steel industries of France , West Germany and the Benelux countries -- would over the next half-century become a behemoth of 27 states , many of which did n't even exist in 1952 . That European Union vision is now at an historic crossroads and could over the next months begin to shred . A dysfunctional legacy The European club has both expanded in number and deepened in purpose . Beginning as a common market with expensive subsidies to farmers , it evolved into a community with coordinated foreign and trade policies , open borders among many members , a common social policy and a powerful European Court . Vast sums have been spent on infrastructure for poorer members . Most notably , the Maastricht Treaty , named after the Dutch town where it was signed in 1992 , began the process of monetary union and -- supposedly -- economic convergence among member states . The first part happened ; the second did not . A "  stability and growth pact " was meant to harmonize interest rates , inflation and government deficits . But there were no enforcement mechanisms beyond sharp words and a slap on the wrist . France and Germany were among the first states to breach the commandment that deficits shalt not exceed 3 % of GDP . Some critics argue that Europe is like the python that swallowed a goat . In 1990 , there were 12 members of the EU ; now , the 27 members span an area from Lisbon to Tallinn , from Cyprus to Stockholm . How Europe grapples with the dysfunctional legacy of both an unbalanced deepening and headlong expansion will decide whether the eurozone recovers or withers . The state of things now The first hurdle to overcome is the Greek election . Should a working majority emerge under the leadership of the New Democracy Party , Greece may follow through with the next tranche of public spending cuts demanded by its "  troika " of creditors : the European Commission , the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank . The new Greek government will expect in return help from the troika rather than the same diet of austerity , arguing that the Greek people have to be offered some incentive to endure more sacrifice . But if political paralysis begun by May 's vote continues , the uncertainty over whether Greece can remain in the eurozone will intensify . Even if a weak pro-bailout government is formed , Greece is already behind on its obligations to privatize state industries and improve tax receipts . For Greeks , tax evasion is a national sport ; the government is owed nearly 50 billion euros in back taxes . Greek media suggest depositors have withdrawn up to 5 billion euros from local banks in the past two weeks . Uncertainty in Greece would in turn intensify the pressure on Spain and Italy , amid doubts about the whole eurozone enterprise . The combined economies of Ireland , Portugal and Greece -- the three countries that have been bailed out -- are smaller than that of Spain , which has quickly been dubbed "  too big to bail , too big to fail . " The European Union 's willingness to help bail out Spain 's massively indebted banking system to the tune of 100 billion euros  $ 125 billion  produced a "  relief rally " on the bond and stock markets , but the relief scarcely lasted 24 hours . By the end of last week , the yield on Spain 's 10-year bond hovered around 7 % , the financial equivalent of being admitted to intensive care with a raging fever . The new Spanish government has resisted a full bailout , arguing that it has undertaken drastic economic reform and that government finances  not too awful  should not be confused with the banks '  dreadful  . But the influential ratings agencies do see a link ; Moody 's has cut Spanish sovereign debt to just a notch above junk status , on a par with Azerbaijan . Unemployment is at record highs , especially among the young ; house prices are collapsing . The Italians are also getting fed up with austerity , as Prime Minister Mario Monti acknowledged in a recent interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He has joined the "  growth club " with new French President Francois Hollande but has precious little room for maneuver , as the price on Italian debt has also risen . The IMF has praised Monti 's efforts to sort out Italy 's public finances but says deregulation and labor reform require further effort , just as the Italian economy is forecast to shrink 2 % this year . From outside the eurozone , its partners look on with horror . The governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , said last month , "  Our biggest trading partner is tearing itself apart with no obvious solution . " What will be Europe 's future ? Going forward  and , admittedly , simplifying the scenarios  , Europe is looking at three paths , according to political and financial analysts . The first and most traumatic is a disorderly collapse of the eurozone , starting in Greece but spreading to Spain and Italy . This scenario begins with anything less than a clear victory for the "  bailout " parties in Greece , followed by the virtual implosion of the Greek state , whose coffers are nearly empty . The current economy minister says Greece has enough money to survive until July 15 . In this scenario , Germany opts to puts fiscal rectitude ahead of its pan-European principles . Many Germans are already thinking this way . Deputy Finance Minister Steffen Kampeter told the BBC on Thursday that debt was a "  national responsibility . " "  I do n't see any strategies where we socialize and redistribute the bad political decisions made by some who are over-indebted , " he said . Germany has ruled out the introduction of eurobonds , which would essentially dilute its credit rating to the advantage of the peripheral economies . And German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned that Germany 's role in saving the eurozone is "  not unlimited . " "  We must all resist the temptation to finance growth again through new debt , " she said . Taken to its logical conclusion , this first scenario could reduce the eurozone to a Franco-German core , with the smaller Benelux states attached . The consequences for the European economy would be calamitous , with governments defaulting on debt , capital controls imposed to prevent money from fleeing states on the verge of falling out of the eurozone and the likelihood of prolonged recession across Europe . In addition , the very process of reverting to national currencies  for which there is no road map  would throw up a multitude of legal and contractual nightmares . And politically , the idea of European union would be set back decades . The second course is that Europe muddles through while continuing to grope toward banking and fiscal integration . A compromise between Greece and the troika  not so unlikely , given that 80 % of Greeks want to stay in the eurozone  would bring the country back from the edge of the abyss , though any meaningful recovery would be years away . The new European Stability Mechanism , due to come into effect next month as a permanent rescue fund , would recapitalize banks and help cool yields on vulnerable sovereign debt  Spain , Italy , Cyprus  . Its war chest of 500 billion euros would be bolstered as required .  French officials are already suggesting that it be allowed to borrow from the European Central Bank . Merkel would make token concessions to the "  growth agenda " at the European summit in Brussels at the end of this month . Moves toward a banking union that would insure deposits , progress toward common tax policies , the decline of government debt and the emergence of the eurozone from recession would ease the pressure on governments struggling to find common ground . Merkel has acknowledged that this is a "  Herculean task , " but it is in Germany 's interest . Very nearly 60 % of German exports stay inside Europe , and are competitive because they are priced in euros rather than deutsche marks . A collapse of the eurozone would savage the German economy . Merkel has signaled her support for tougher European supervision of the eurozone banking industry , in an implicit criticism of the way the authorities in Madrid underestimated the plight of Spanish banks . That seems an important precondition for further German support . Next year , Merkel faces an electorate already impatient with German largesse for little return . Until then , the argument goes , she ca n't afford to be seen to be generous . The third course would see a daring leap toward much closer integration : the "  economic convergence " promised by Maastricht but never realized as governments allowed debt to rise and failed to liberalize their labor markets , supervise their banks or harmonize their tax systems . This is the mantra of Hollande , who wants measures to stimulate growth and "  imagination and creativity " to deepen financial union , such as a joint fund to pay down debt . There seems little prospect that such sudden and dramatic initiatives will gain the support of a European public no longer convinced of the benefits of deeper integration , nor of a German state unwilling to allow co-signers on its checking account . Last week , Adenauer 's grandson , Stephan Werhahn , said that his grandfather and Schuman "  wanted to build a strong and independent Europe , but now with the bailout funds and billions in rescues , we are demolishing it . " And he announced that he was leaving the party his grandfather had founded . The counter-argument of history is that the European banking crisis of 1931 "  contributed directly to the breakdown of democracy " in Germany and across the continent , according to economists Niall Ferguson and Nouriel Roubini . Writing in the Financial Times recently , they concluded , "  The EU was created to avoid repeating the disasters of the 1930s . It is time Europe 's leaders -- and especially Germany 's -- understood how perilously close they are to doing just that . "	A dysfunctional legacy hampers current eurozone woes Greece will be key in determining Europe 's future Possible scenarios include collapse or even a closer integration
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As a career military officer , Lt. Gen. Karl Eikenberry is familiar with sacrifice for his country and long stretches away from home . Karl Eikenberry testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee March 26 . But he apparently does n't want any more separation from his wife , Ching Eikenberry . If he is approved as the next U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan he wants her to come with him . That could collide with State Department rules . Afghanistan is designated "  an unaccompanied post " by the department because of the dangers of the war and terror attacks . That means family members are not allowed . Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , who as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee was running Eikenberry 's confirmation hearing last week , was in favor of the idea . "  I know you are hoping to take your wife there with you , and I think I certainly , and I think the committee is entirely supportive , " Kerry said . "  I think it would be a terrific message and a strong boost of morale for the Embassy , and obviously wherever possible we should try to encourage that . So I hope that will be facilitated . " Said Eikenberry , "  Mr. Chairman , thank you very much for that support . " There was no immediate reaction from the State Department .	Karl Eikenberry awaits Senate confirmation to be next ambassador to Afghanistan If approved , Eikenberry wants to take his wife with him But that request could collide with State Department rules
CNN  -- When change comes , it comes all of a sudden , leaving only a remembrance of the past , a previous present , as its memorial . A moment as sudden as British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan 's realization that there was a "  wind of change blowing through this continent , whether we like it or not " prior to the granting of independence to so many African people 50 years ago . It is this wind that now blows again over Africa . This time it is less political than economic but it will be just as permanent and just as shocking . And this time , it will not be awkward majors from disbanded colonial battalions muttering into their beer , it will be our well-meaning liberals that will be left behind , lumpen in its wake like a broken Luddite army . This change will not happen because of a million posters showing our babies starving with flies in their eyes or the perpetual funds raised for mosquito nets as a panacea against our ineffective drainage systems . Though the lives of many millions were saved by campaigns such as these . It will come as swift as our Tunisian Spring , a revolution sprung by social media , and as insistent as the ringtone of our mobile phones . Read this : Latest African gold rush - hotels Between 2000 and 2012 , mobile penetration grew in Africa from 1 % to 54 % . Some predict that by 2014 , 69 % of mobiles on the continent will have internet access . This virtual infrastructure , plus the commodity boom , has meant that 7 out of 10 of the world 's fastest growing economies including , yes , Ethiopia , the poster child of our Live Aid generation , are not in Asia but in Africa . This does not mean change will be evenly spread ; it wo n't . The rapid urbanization and consequent youth unemployment will cause great hardship for many . The lack of administrative infrastructure to deal with this will ensure taxes are not collected and the facilities left to cope with this are not built or are built in the wrong place . Aid will continue to be a necessary feature of Africa But despite this the realization has come that Africa is not poor but inestimably rich . And that the outright despicable , as well as our supposed friends , have been writing cheques off our backs since the day they granted an indentured independence . History will show that Africa gave more than it ever received - it is the true donor nation . Yet despite this , Africa is throwing off its 300-year yoke . Much as China did . China , too , suffered its post-colonial period , drunk on nationalism and at best neglected by its dictators . And in many ways , Africa 's growth patterns mirror those of the new China 's . In 2010 China ranked first in exports to the world market , with merchandise export sales of more than $ 1.5 trillion and a world market share of 10.4 % . In 1998 , China had less than 2 % of the world market . Africa has presently 3 % but with 15 % of the world 's population , 60 % of world 's uncultivated arable land and a fast-growing proportion of the world 's discovered valuable natural resources , Africa 's potential for growth over the next 10 years is greater than China 's over the same period . Read this : Africa 's skyscraper cities Charles Robertson , Global Chief Economist of Renaissance Capital , estimates that Africa 's GDP will increase from $ 2 trillion to $ 29 trillion in today 's money by 2050 . Africa will produce more GDP than the combined economies of the U.S. and Eurozone do today . In 2007 , I co-hosted with the then Ghanaian president John Kufour , a dinner for 50 of the African presidents and explained how these changes would come . Back then , these words floated like fairy tales but they are becoming commonplace now in investment circles : Africa is Rising . Last week , I returned with my Made In Africa Foundation , this time to the African Development Bank  AfDB  during its annual general meeting , in its 50th Anniversary year , to ensure that as this growth happens it benefits not just everyone else in the developed and the BRIC economies but Africans as well and in a fundamental and equitable way . That 's why I invited John Legend , Mos Def and Isaiah Washington , Youssou N'Dour and Akon to come along too , to advocate for the AfDB 's audacious $ 68 billion PIDA plan to transform the continent in building railways , roads , clean water supplies and those things we take for granted -- the basic infrastructure of communication and trade to enable worthwhile lives for all our people . The AfDB 's plan is to raise funds through a guarantee backed by the African nations : Africa helping Africans -- the ultimate trade-not-aid policy . As Mos Def said to the philanthropist Kola Aluko , one of Nigeria 's richest men : "  It 's about self-sufficiency and about how Africa can benefit itself , having benefited so many nations through its natural resources , history , culture and its people and now it 's about a fair exchange and what Africa can do for itself . " Watch : Made in Africa Foundation I mixed these great talents from the diaspora and Africa in amongst the finance ministers , bankers and entrepreneurs . This is what a designer looks for : the harmony in contrasts . They find their common desire to make it happen -- one group bringing this solution to the global audience , giving it transparency and encouraging investment , and the other group implementing it . That 's why I set up Made In Africa Foundation with the support of a fast-growing Nigerian business , Atlantic Energy . The message is quite simple : A small group of nations can not forever benefit from keeping the majority of nations and people in a state of weakness . The peoples and continents of the world are not separate , they are part of the same social and economic system : a system that must return to balance and harmony . But this balance can only occur when Africa itself realizes that it is time for Africa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ozwald Boateng .	Ozwald Boateng says Africa is in the midst of an economic boom He addressed bankers at the African Development Bank annual meeting Boateng is advocating for AfDB plan to spend $ 68 billion on Africa 's infrastructure
CNN  -- When John Lennon remarked in 1966 that the Beatles were then "  more popular than Jesus " his comments prompted outrage in the United States . But this weekend the Vatican 's newspaper paid tribute to the band on the 40th anniversary of the release of the "  White Album " in an article interpreted by some as a papal pardon for Lennon . John Lennon appears with wife Yoko Ono in 1968 , two years after he made his "  more popular than Jesus " comments . CNN 's Alessio Vinci spoke to Steve Turner , author "  The Gospel According To The Beatles , " about the controversy that helped to end the Beatles ' touring career . Q : Was Lennon surprised by the storm his comment generated ? A : I think John Lennon was surprised because it had been said in a casual way to a journalist who was a personal friend of his and he had no idea it would cause that sort of controversy . When it did happen he was actually quite frightened because they were about to go off on tour and there were these threats to their lives and a clairvoyant made some predictions that their plane would crash . It was really quite frightening and they wanted to cancel the tour but they knew they could n't . They were under obligation to the tour promoters . And when he made his apology in Chicago ,  the band 's  press officer told me that John was actually in tears before he went in to make the apology . Q : Was his apology sincere ? Watch as Vatican pardons Lennon " A : His apology was very carefully worded . He never said "  I did n't mean that ; " he kind of said , "  if it was taken that way , that 's not what I meant , " but he never actually retracted it . The reason it happened that way , in America particularly , is that people thought the Beatles were getting too big , too proud and it was a way of putting them down and I think people grabbed that opportunity . Q : Did they care at all what the Vatican newspaper had to say at the time ? A : I do n't know that the Beatles had any particular concern about what the Vatican said . I know the Vatican did say something at the time . But by that time , everybody was pitching in with their opinion , and it just kind of gathered pace . Q : If he were alive , what would he say about his "  rehabilitation ? " A : It 's very hard to say what John Lennon would say now if he knew that the pope had forgiven him or the Catholic Church had forgiven him because on the one hand he wrote to an American evangelist called Oral Roberts and said he had been very sorry . But in a book he said he was very glad that it had happened because it effectively ended the Beatles . Because that tour was so bad that it became the last tour the Beatles ever did . So he thought , "  Thank you Jesus for causing this to happen -- because you gave me a solo career . " Q : How spiritual were the Beatles ? A : The Beatles started out as atheists and agnostics and I think as everybody knows they became more interested in spiritual things . They went out to India in 1968 and I think in a way the Beatles became a spiritual force themselves . And I think that John actually saw that . He saw Christianity and rock 'n' roll as competitors . Only three years later , after 1966 , you had the Woodstock festival and you get rock music almost performing a religious function . So I think in a way he was aware of what was happening . The Beatles were almost becoming a religion and exerting a spiritual force over people .	Author : John Lennon never meant "  more popular than Jesus " comment to offend Lennon never actually retracted the controversial remark Vatican newspaper paid tribute to the Beatles on 40th anniversary of "  White Album " Beatles author says band were a "  spiritual force " themselves
CNN  -- Should celebrity chefs stick to stand-and-stir shows ? Self-proclaimed "  Kulinary Gangsta "  no , seriously -- he has a tattoo and everything  and Food Network phenom Guy Fieri failed to catch fire with audiences in his prime-time major network debut . Variety reports that NBC 's "  Minute to Win It " -- a distinctly non - "  kulinary " game show that challenges competitors to master stunts like one-handed tissue-box emptying and re-stacking plastic cups -- "  did n't put up great overall numbers from 7 to 9 p.m. " on Sunday but rallied slightly against other networks ' programming at the 8:30 p.m. mark . Lukewarm ratings might not relegate most shows to the trash bin , but given how this one underperformed after being so heavily promoted via pricey Winter Olympics commercial breaks , popular food blogs like "  Eater " are already predicting the show 's cancellation . But it 's not just hard out there for a "  gangsta " ; over the past decade , several notable chefs failed to bring the sizzle to the network spotlight . With NBC set to take another gamble on Chef Bobby Flay 's upcoming reality show , "  America 's Next Great Restaurant , " network execs might wish to take a second look at a few star turns that flamed out fast . ` Kitchen Confidential ' -- Anthony Bourdain "  No Reservations " host and leather-jacket aficionado Anthony Bourdain steamed up bookstore shelves nationwide with his restaurant tell-all "  Kitchen Confidential : Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly " in 2000 . FOX 's sitcom incarnation , featuring a defanged "  Jack Bourdain , " played by Bradley Cooper , replated the book 's sex-drugs-and-rock - 'n' - roll soul as a sanitized snack of wacky kitchen hijinks and one-note characters . After four episodes , the network put it in the deep freeze , airing the remaining nine episodes online and outside the U.S. 'Em eril ' -- Emeril Lagasse In 2001 , New Orleans ' Emeril Lagasse starred in a self-titled sitcom set behind the scenes at a fictional cooking show . Bereft of his essential "  BAM ! " and "  Kick it up a notch " catchphrases and scripted as a watered-down version of his charismatic bayou-blasting Food Network persona , Lagasse and co-star Robert Urich muddled their way through 11 bland , critically panned episodes before NBC pulled the plug . ` The Restaurant ' -- Rocco DiSpirito Long before he danced with the stars and shilled for Bertolli , Rocco DiSpirito was an honest-to-goodness chef at an acclaimed Manhattan restaurant called Union Pacific . This rude , raw , reality show , however , was not set there . Rather , "  The Restaurant " -- airing on NBC in 2003-04 -- documented DiSpirito 's fraught relationship with restaurateur Jeffrey Chodorow as they made nasty hash opening a joint venture called "  Rocco 's . " The show , stuffed to the gills with product placements , featured frequent clashes between front - and back-of-house staffs , diners , servers  hired on-air from a pool of more than 2,000 fame-starved applicants  , and DiSpirito and everyone but his sainted mother , who made the restaurant 's signature meatballs . While "  The Restaurant " made it to a very short second season , a painfully public legal conflict between DiSpirito and Chodorow shuttered the restaurant and the show . Rocco has never cooked in a restaurant again . ` The Chopping Block ' -- Marco Pierre White "  Hell 's Kitchen  UK  " host and British tabloid staple Marco Pierre White popped across the pond to helm this competitive restaurant reality show for NBC in the spring of 2009 . Though mentorship of Gordon Ramsay and Mario Batali and a spicy biography entitled "  The Devil in the Kitchen " established him as a culinary cult favorite , as the show 's host and head judge , White swapped his legendary scorching temper  he once allegedly set a young chef on fire for complaining about the kitchen 's temperature  for a tone so chill , it sent viewers nodding into their sorbet . After three episodes , NBC placed the show on a back burner , releasing the remainder of the episodes online .	Food Network phenom Guy Fieri failed to catch fire with audiences on NBC New Orleans ' Emeril Lagasse starred in a self-titled sitcom that lasted 11 episodes "  The Restaurant " only made it to a very short second season
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot has a low tolerance for frustration and "  does n't value the female role , " according to excerpts from a psychological investigation report given to a judge by prosecutors Monday . According to the document , van der Sloot , suspected of killing a Peruvian woman late last month , "  does not tolerate when someone tries to contradict him . It generates in him a challenging attitude . " The report calls him "  emotionally immature , " which elicits strong changes in behavior that can send him out of control . "  He reflects a certain dominance over the opposite sex . He does n't value the female role , " the document states . Its adds , "  he presents traits of an anti-social personality " and is "  indifferent towards others ' well being . " Despite this , the report says , "  he does n't show any psychopathological trauma that impedes him from perceiving and evaluating reality . " Also Monday , Van der Sloot told the judge that his rights and due process were violated after his arrest in connection with the killing of Stefany Flores Ramirez , his attorney told CNN . The judge will decide on the legality of van der Sloot 's incarceration by Wednesday , lawyer Maximo Altez said . If the ruling is unfavorable to van der Sloot , Altez said he is prepared to appeal to the highest court . While in front of the judge , however , van der Sloot declined to give a formal statement on the facts of the case , according to the court . The reason he gave was the ongoing motion for habeas corpus , which he hopes will nullify the statements he gave to police that led to his imprisonment . Van der Sloot 's decision will not hold up the legal proceedings against him , the court said . Meanwhile , in a Dutch newspaper article published Monday , van der Sloot says he was "  tricked " into confessing to the murder of Flores . Peruvian police told him that if he signed the papers they gave him , he would be transferred to the Netherlands , he told De Telegraaf in a jail interview . "  In my blind panic I signed everything , but never knew what was written on them , " he said . Van der Sloot was twice arrested over the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba in 2005 , but never charged . His mother said Saturday he was mentally unwell , De Telegraaf reported in what it called an exclusive interview with her . Van der Sloot went to Peru to escape having to enter the high security section of a psychiatric hospital , Anita van der Sloot said . She said he suffered severe psychological distress at the early death of his father , for which he blamed himself , she said , without giving further details . She did not deny that he killed Flores . She said she spoke to him shortly before Flores died and soon after and that he sounded paranoid , saying he was being "  followed and watched , " De Telegraaf reported . Van der Sloot 's attorney , Altez , has maintained that the judge in the case should strike down van der Sloot 's confession because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . But Peruvian police have defended the interrogation and said van der Sloot 's confession was acquired legally . According to transcripts of his confession , van der Sloot said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his shirt . The transcripts -- provided to CNN by a police source -- provide shocking details and give the public its first glimpse of why van der Sloot says the alleged murder took place . The source has not been named because he was not authorized to pass along the material . "  There was blood everywhere , " van der Sloot said in the transcripts . "  What am I going to do now . I had blood on my shirt . There was also blood on the bed , so , I took my shirt and put it on her face , pressing hard , until I killed Stephany . " Peruvian authorities have charged van der Sloot with murder . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . In the transcript , van der Sloot said that after Flores read the e-mail , she punched him in the face . "  At that moment impulsively , with my right elbow I hit her in the face exactly on top of the nose , " van der Sloot said . "  I think she started to faint . It affected me so that I grabbed her from the neck and strangled her for a minute . " Van der Sloot said he had a quick thought to try and hide the body but instead fled . He was arrested in Chile on June 3 and was returned the next day to Peru . Along with killing Flores , who had a broken neck , he took money and bank cards from her wallet , police said . Van der Sloot told police in Chile a different story of how Flores died when he was arrested there , according to transcripts . He blamed the death on robbers who had waited for him at his hotel in Peru . "  There was a man coming from the access door with a knife in his hand , " van der Sloot said . "  The man with the knife hit her in the face , making her bleed through the nose . " But Peru authorities said they had overwhelming evidence pointing to van der Sloot , and when he was transferred to Peru , van der Sloot confessed to the crime , police said . Van der Sloot said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and had met Flores while he was gambling . Police have said they think van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won from gambling . Van der Sloot offered a different motive . "  After I responded with hitting her , I feared that she would go to the police and they would detain me for what was an impulsive act , " van der Sloot said . "  I think I wanted to kill her because I was n't thinking . " Van der Sloot is being held in a high-security area of the Miguel Castro Castro prison where only two of 10 cells are occupied , and he has no contact with inmates in the general prison population . He is under guard 24 hours a day , authorities have said . The only other inmate in the area is alleged Colombian hit man Hugo Trujillo Ospina . The two have spent some time together in a common area where there is a television set and weights made of broomsticks and soda bottles , authorities said . There is the possibility that van der Sloot will be integrated with other segments of the prison population . CNN 's Francesca Church , Mayra Cuevas and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Psychological tests concluded Joran van der Sloot is 'em otionally immature ' NEW : Tests also concluded nothing impedes him from ` perceiving and evaluating reality ' Van der Sloot 's mother says he was due to go into mental hospital Suspect was ` tricked ' into confession , he claims
Cairo  CNN  Everyone is on a mission to make up for lost time . At Baher Mohamed 's home in Cairo , the Al Jazeera English journalist tries to get closer to his baby Haron , born while he was in prison . "  A few days ago I managed to make him smile , " Mohamed told CNN . "  That 's great progress . I missed six months of his life and I ca n't get those back . " His two other kids , Hazem , 5 , and Fayrouz , 4 , wo n't leave his side . For the 411 days he spent behind bars , they were told their father was at work . "  I told them every time they came to visit that I 'm at work , I 'm staying at work . They were still too young to live and to know about prison . " Mohamed now spends most of his time at home , tiptoeing away when he occasionally leaves so his children do n't cry . And throughout the day he checks on Gatsby , his fur-heavy Caucasian Shepherd dog , that was shot by police who arrested Mohamed in December 2013 . Mohamed was arrested with colleagues Mohamed Fahmy and Peter Greste . They were brought to trial with 17 others on charges of belonging to a terrorist organization -- the Muslim Brotherhood -- threatening Egypt 's national security and airing false news , among others . Eleven were tried in absentia . Not all were journalists , nor had a clear connection to Al Jazeera English . The Cairo Criminal Court found them guilty in June 2014 . Fahmy and Greste were sentenced to seven years in prison . Mohamed was sentenced to 10 , receiving an extra three years for charges of possession of ammunition , a bullet he collected from the field while reporting in Libya . Mohamed broke down when he was taken from court that day . "  I was terrified for my wife , because my wife was pregnant at that time . And I felt sorry for my children , because if I spent 10 years in prison , then I will go out of prison and then they will be 10 years older . They will be teenagers . And I will miss all that time . " On January 1 , the Court of Cassation , which represents the final stage of criminal appeals , sent the case for retrial , explaining in documents released to the official news agency that the original verdict failed to provide reasoning for the conviction . The court said there was insufficient evidence for charges of belonging to an illegal organization -- a reference to the Muslim Brotherhood -- how the defendants joined the group , or their knowledge of its objectives which allegedly included terrorism . Evidence and details for other charges such as possessing unlicensed broadcast equipment and receiving support from the Brotherhood were also lacking , the court said . It criticized the Criminal Court 's handling of testimonies , search and arrest warrants , as well as confessions that defense lawyers claimed were made under duress . A month later , Greste became the first man to benefit from a new law issued last November allowing the president to deport foreigners held in Egypt . He arrived in his Australian home city of Brisbane days later . Fahmy , an Egyptian-Canadian citizen , gave up his Egyptian nationality in the hope of benefiting from the same law . He remained behind bars , though , and was only granted bail -- along with Mohamed -- on February 12 . He told the court that day that he gave up his nationality reluctantly , and only after several high-ranking officials convinced him to do so . They told him "  nationality is not a piece of paper but it is in the heart . You can visit Egypt as a tourist and apply for citizenship again at the state council . " A new judge released all defendants pending a retrial . Fahmy was singled out to pay 250,000 Egyptian pounds  roughly $ 33,000  bail , because as a foreigner he had no official residence in Egypt . Being a foreigner brought difficulties . His plans to get married to his fiancee Marwa Omara were complicated by the fact that instead of seeking a cleric to officiate at the wedding , the couple now has to go through a bureaucratic process involving the foreign and justice ministries . But the couple said that despite the trauma of Fahmy 's imprisonment , the experience brought them closer . "  Marwa is my hero . She was getting me all the news in prison and she was engaging with the lawyers and the media . She was basically my voice outside , " Fahmy said . Sitting next to him , Omara said prison made him see life in a new light . "  He became a stronger person . He became much stronger . More emotional . More romantic than before . " Along with Mohamed , Fahmy spent the first few weeks of his detention in the maximum-security Scorpion prison in solitary confinement . A combination of sleeping on the floor and not getting the medical attention he needed at the time exacerbated a shoulder injury , limiting his arm 's mobility . This is among many things that keep him angry . "  I 'm furious , I get tantrums at night . I get angry . I used to get these tantrums in the cell , " he said . "  The campaign and the support across that globe is great , but that 's not what 's going to get me out of prison . What is going to get me out of prison is a combination of a good lawyer , diplomatic engagement on the highest levels from Canada and Al Jazeera senior management . " Capitalizing on a months-long , worldwide campaign -- #FreeAJStaff " -- by Al Jazeera , another campaign is urging the Canadian prime minister to push for Fahmy 's extradition from Egypt . Meanwhile , Fahmy has been more vocal in his criticism of his employer , accusing Al Jazeera management of negligence . One of many ongoing disagreements between the two sides is the legal representation . From the onset , Fahmy refused to work with Al Jazeera lawyers because he did n't think they were experienced enough . He hired a different attorney , whom , he claimed , Al Jazeera refused to pay . Al Jazeera said it paid for his lawyer and his bail and has learned the lessons from the first trial , by hiring the lawyers that won the retrial at the Court of Cassation . "  We did everything possible to secure his release and to avoid it happening in the first place . Every aspect of our response to the extreme incitement we 've faced in Egypt since 2013 can be scrutinized in hindsight , and we 've said in the past that lessons have been learned , " the network said in a statement to CNN . The trial continues amid a backdrop of ongoing tension between Egypt and Qatar -- the small Middle Eastern country that finances Al Jazeera -- and increasing restrictions on freedoms in Egypt . A Cairo court had banned one of Al Jazeera 's Arabic channels in 2013 citing a threat to national security . The channel was believed to be a threat to Egypt by supporting the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood . The network contested another verdict in 2014 that banned Mubasher Masr from using the Egyptian satellite Nilesat . It eventually shut down the controversial channel in December 2014 during short-lived improvement in Egyptian-Qatari relations . In addition to accusations of politicization , the trial is also emblematic of the general environment in Egypt , where thousands have been imprisoned in a crackdown on dissent . Rights groups accuse the judiciary of rubberstamping police and prosecution charges rather than providing fair trials , resulting in mass sentences . Nagy Shehata , the judge that issued the first conviction against AJE journalists , has recently sentenced 183 people to death and 230 to life in prison in two other separate trials . "  They arrested us , not only me , I think to intimidate other journalists , to scare other journalists , " said Mohamed , adding that the lack of evidence in court and disputes over legal representation are irrelevant in a case that is principally about press freedom . Mohamed says it is a battle he is willing to sacrifice everything for , emboldened by the solidarity of colleagues . Quoting an exchange of messages between him and jailed Egyptian photojournalist Mahmoud Abu Zeid Shawkan , he said : "  When there is one journalist behind bars , all journalists all over the world stand together just to free him . It 's not about news organizations or networks , no . It 's about us , it 's about freedom of speech . This is what we stand for . " Shawkan has been held without charge since August 2013 . At least eight other journalists remain behind bars , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . On March 8 , all defendants will return to court for the next hearing of their retrial . In the meantime , they enjoy the "  mundane things in life , " which for Fahmy means having dinner with his fiancee , or talking with his mother with "  no police cop watching you 24 hours a day . " Mohamed is enjoying being behind the wheel of his car -- and simply being outside . "  I saw the colors of the skies and this blue and purple and red . This color and this view made me feel this is freedom . It was the first time to see the sunrise in 411 days . "	Al Jazeera English journalist Baher Mohamed released on bail from prison in Egypt Mohamed sentenced to 10 years for belonging to terrorist group , Muslim Brotherhood He vows to clear his name : "  They arrested us , not only me , I think to intimidate other journalists , to scare other journalists "
CNN  -- The first day of voting in Egypt 's presidential election was relatively quiet , state media reported Monday , though one man connected to a campaign was shot to death . Polls will reopen at 9 a.m. Tuesday for the last day of voting . Egyptians are choosing between two candidates : Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Hamdeen Sabahy . Egyptian Prime Minister Ibrahim Mehleb declared Tuesday a public holiday "  in compliance to citizens ' wishes , " state TV reported . The decision is thought to be a move to increase turnout . Public service ads , media campaigns and the electoral ads of the el-Sisi campaign stressed that voting is a patriotic duty . The election was called because Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first freely elected president , was removed from power in July in a popular military coup . A man working for el-Sisi 's campaign was fatally shot near Cairo on Monday , Interior Ministry spokesman Alaa Mahmoud said . Mohamed Fathy , 35 , was getting out of a taxi in the village of Kerdassa on the western edge of Cairo when he was shot in the head by unknown gunmen , Mahmoud said . Fathy was active in the el-Sisi presidential campaign and was a member of the Tamarod political movement , according to a statement from Tamarod . Police are investigating , but Assistant Interior Minister for Information Abdel-Fattah Othman has said the slaying has nothing to do with the election process . Tamarod has blamed the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood group , which had held a small protest in Kerdassa earlier in the day . Abdul Mawgoud Dardery , a spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood , criticized the election : "  What you have in Egypt now is not democracy but a militacracy . ... What we have now is Mubarak coming back . Sisi is Mubarak version 2014 , and that is the tragedy . " Mahmoud also said a bomb was detected and defused at the Ahmed Sayed I school polling station in Giza . Egypt 's state-run news agency MENA reported clashes in a polling station at Umraniya district but said they did n't disrupt the vote . Beni Suef Security Director Ibrahim Hadib said that seven members of the Muslim Brotherhood were arrested for trying to disrupt the electoral process in that town , MENA reported . A number of people hurled Molotov cocktails at the headquarters of el-Sisi 's campaign in the town of Hosh Issa . No material damage or casualties were reported , MENA said . The Sabahy campaign similarly reported disruptions . "  The day has sadly witnessed many violations observed , documented and announced by the campaign , led by banning Sabahy delegates from entering polling centers , collective voting , physical assaults against delegates and lawyers , let alone some cases of intervention by police and army forces , " it said in a statement . "  The campaign hopes that these violations would not repeat tomorrow . " Opinion : Egypt 's youth needs more than tinkering at the edges For full coverage of the Egyptian election in Arabic , visit CNN Arabic CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and journalists Dina Amer and Sarah Sirgany contributed to this report .	NEW : Tuesday , the last day of voting , is declared a public holiday Outlawed Muslim Brotherhood criticizes the election Two men are running for the Egyptian presidency A worker in one candidate 's campaign was shot to death
CNN  -- Cholera is an intestinal infection that 's rare in the United States currently . But in the developing world it 's a serious problem , with 3 to 5 million cases every year worldwide , according to the World Health Organization . The disease brings on diarrhea , which can kill a person if he or she is not properly hydrated . A tremendous advance in hydration was invented by David Nalin , along with his colleague Richard Cash . Nalin was working in Bangladesh during a cholera epidemic in 1968 , when intravenous solutions were the only treatment . He knew that an oral method of rehydration would be much more accessible and cost-effective for the people who needed it most . This idea had been around before . Other doctors had tried oral methods but failed because they had the wrong proportions , and because they were focused on trying to give every person the same "  magic bullet " dosage of therapy . Nalin recognized that the volume of oral rehydration therapy required is n't the same for every patient . Individual losses need to be replaced with equal volumes of the absorbable solution . What exactly did he deliver to patients ? Essentially , a mixture of salt , water and sugar in the right proportions . This simple idea has saved millions of lives -- not just from cholera , but from any diarrhea . The Lancet , a prestigious British medical journal , called this "  potentially the most important medical advance of this century . " "  The devastating conditions suffered by the Bangladeshi refugees as they fled the war with Pakistan offered ORT  oral rehydration therapy  its definitive test , " according to an August 2003 paper published in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases . "  When the medical team ran out of intravenous fluids at the camp , oral glucose-salt packets were used to treat  more than  3,000 patients , resulting in a reduction in the mortality rate from 30 % to only 3.6 % , " the journal said . CNN 's Edythe McNamee contributed to this report .	There are 3 to 5 million cases of cholera every year It can kill those who are n't properly hydrated David Nalin developed the rehydration solution in 1968
Paula Creamer has gained a lot from golf . At the age of just 25 , she has already earned nearly $ 9 million . But the American , dubbed the "  Pink Panther " due to her on-course attire and love of a certain fluffy toy , also gives a lot back in return . "  If you ask me who 's Paula Creamer , the golfer , I 'll tell you I 'm the player who wants to give back to kids as much as I can , " she told CNN Mexico . The 2010 U.S. Open champion dedicates a lot of time , and money , to helping future generations make their way in the game as she has done . "  It 's one of the most humbling experiences I 've ever had , " the world No. 6 said . "  There 's more to the game when you 're playing in front of kids . "  Golf is about the young kids , it is about growing the game , letting it play 100 , 200 years from now . " That 's why she has invested part of the $ 8.7 million she has earned on the LPGA Tour in helping others . For instance , she has offered scholarships at Florida 's IMG Leadbetter Golf Academy , which she attended . The sky is the limit One of the kids Creamer has worked with is Ana Claudia Rodriguez , an 11-year-old who plays at Mexico 's Guadalajara Country Club , the same course where two-time major winner Lorena Ochoa grew up . "  Paula has motivated me with advice and I have been playing better golf ever since I met her , " she said . "  I 've won five tournaments on different  Mexican  courses . " Rodriguez is the only girl to have won the award for best student at the Guadalajara Country Club golf academy . "  Paula is interested in my education , she asks me what  scores  I 'm shooting and tells me that the most important thing is to have fun , to have a good attitude , but most importantly , to have a good time whenever I play golf . " Rodriguez only gets to see Creamer once a year , when the LPGA circuit comes to Mexico for the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Guadalajara . She and her brother Santiago skip school -- with their parents ' permission -- to get a glimpse of their favorite player . The most significant thing Creamer has shared with Ana and Santiago , besides several gifts like balls , caps and even the Pink Panther she carries on her bag , is to "  never give up ... The sky is the limit to achieve your dreams . " Inspire others At the age of eight , Julie Steinbauer never imagined that meeting Creamer -- who at the time was 17 -- would change her life . Creamer was playing the Junior Orange Bowl International Championship in Coral Gables , Florida , but food poisoning forced her to withdraw . "  She went out to watch , " Steinbauer remembers . "  I hung out with her and she was very nice to me the whole time . " Two months later , "  I went up to the David Leadbetter Golf Academy and practiced with her for a couple days . " However , it was n't until she started playing golf in high school she realized how much of an impact Creamer had made in her life . Steinbauer could have been interested in one of the other 140 golfers that play regularly on the LPGA , but says "  Paula is very relatable . "  She is young , energetic , and very kind ... now I can always think back and remember how dedicated she was in high school . " One of the most valuable pieces of advice Cramer gave Steinbauer was to respect the rules . "  I was playing with a friend of mine in a tournament and she tried to get away with cheating until I stopped her . "  Paula wrote me back saying , ' I heard that you had some rules problems but you did the right thing . Never let someone get away with breaking the rules , even if they are your friend . It might be one of the hardest things to do , but the rules are there for a reason . ' " Education is the cornerstone Joseph McKenney , 19 , studies engineering at Embry-Riddle University , in Daytona , Florida . He knows that without Creamer his academic life might have not been the same . "  Without her generous financial support , I seriously doubt that I would be halfway through my second year at a private engineering college , " he said . At 13 , when McKenney was in 8th grade , Paula offered two one-year scholarships to attend the Leadbetter academy , located in Bradenton , Florida . McKenney competed with five other kids and , after several interviews and essays addressed to the Creamers , he got the financial aid . His progress , on and off the course , was so good that Paula decided to extend the scholarship through the rest of high school -- another three years . Besides playing golf at the academy , McKenney "  realized that my career goal was to become a golf course architect . " His admiration for Creamer grew quickly as he realized that she was determined to help others off the course . "  Paula and her family were also actively involved in our local chapter of The First Tee  a youth development program  . Each year , they would help us to raise money for it , " he said . Now , McKenney analyzes the way Creamer handles media . "  She was always so poised , looking directly into the camera , and speaking clearly . I have used that model in speeches for fundraisers , for classes in school , and in speaking to people with whom I have a business-type relationship . " Long distance Christina Basara lives in Oklahoma City , but she has not been able to attend an LPGA event . Nevertheless , Creamer is a huge inspiration to her . "  She makes me think about golf and she makes me want to play golf more , " the eight-year-old said . But how can a girl who has never met her idol feel this way ? Her coach , Stephanie , is responsible for introducing her into Creamer 's world . Her husband Doug , an LPGA rules official , contacted the golfer and her family . "  She wrote a note to me and what it says is ` practice hard and have fun ' ... she gave me her shag bag with a lot of pink golf balls , " Christina said . Heather , the girl 's mother , believes Paula is an example of "  a woman who has worked hard to be able to do what she enjoys most . " Creamer 's attention and advice has helped Christina identify golf as a game for girls . She has made quite an impact . "  I dressed up like Paula Creamer for Halloween , I like her a lot . "	U.S. golf star Paula Creamer aims to help new generations of players to develop She invests time and money in working with young children in U.S. and Mexico The 25-year-old says it is a humbling experience to work with kids Creamer has donated scholarships at the academy where she learned the game
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's central bank will introduce a $ 50 billion note -- enough to buy just two loaves of bread -- as a way of fighting cash shortages amid spiraling inflation . Zimbabwe 's dollar is virtually worthless , with foreign currency now being used to purchase basic items . The country 's acting finance minister , Patrick Chinamasa , made the announcement in a government gazette released Saturday . Although Chinamasa did not give the date on which the $ 50 billion and new $ 20 billion notes would come into circulation , an official at the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe said the notes would be distributed to all banks by the end of Monday . Zimbabwe is grappling with hyperinflation now officially estimated at 231 million percent , and its currency is fast losing its value . As of Friday , one U.S. dollar was trading at around ZW$ 25 billion . When the government issued a $ 10 billion note just three weeks ago , it bought 20 loaves of bread . That note now can purchase less than half of one loaf . Realizing the worthlessness of the currency , the RBZ has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency . As a result , grocery purchases , government hospital bills , property sales , rent , vegetables and even mobile phone recharge cards are now paid for in foreign currency , as the worthless Zimbabwe dollar virtually ceases to be legal tender . Once a regional economic model , Zimbabwe is in the throes of an economic crisis , with unemployment running at more than 80 percent and many families unable to afford a square meal . President Robert Mugabe 's critics blame his policies for the economic meltdown , but he says the West is sabotaging his efforts . In order to attract foreign currency , Zimbabwe 's central bank has , since September , licensed at least 1,000 shops to sell goods in foreign currency . All mobile phone service providers are now licensed to accept foreign exchange for airtime and other services . John Robertson , an economist in Zimbabwe , said he 's puzzled by the introduction of the $ 50 billion and $ 20 billion notes . "  I am not really sure what these notes would be for , " he said . "  No one now accepts the local currency . It is a waste of resources to print Zimbabwe dollar notes now . Who accepts a currency that loses value by almost 100 percent daily ? " In August , the RBZ slashed ten zeros from the currency . But the zeroes have bounced back with more vigor . A power-sharing deal between Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed in September , and brokered by former South African leader Thabo Mbeki , raised hopes of halting Zimbabwe 's plunge into economic destruction . But the pact has stalled over the allocation of key cabinet ministries , with Tsvangirai accusing Mugabe of grabbing all key posts such as defense , home affairs , local government , foreign affairs and finance .	Zimbabwe grappling with hyperinflation estimated at 231 million percent As of Friday , one U.S. dollar was trading at around ZW$ 25 billion The country slashed 10 zeros from the amount of its worthless currency in August RBZ has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency
CNN  -- Less than three weeks after Young Jeezy turned himself in after allegedly beating up and threatening to kill his teenage son , the rapper has been arrested again . Alpharetta , Georgia , police spokesman George Gordon confirmed the new arrest to CNN but did not provide additional details Tuesday night . According to The Atlanta Journal Constitution , Jeezy -- whose real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins -- was arrested Tuesday afternoon and charged with obstruction for allegedly cursing at officers and refusing to provide his name . Gordon told CNN affiliate WSB that police arrived at an Alpharetta townhouse because of a security alarm , but no one answered the door . Police saw Jeezy walking out the back of the townhouse , and the rapper allegedly said the townhouse was his girlfriend 's home . The Journal-Constitution said Jenkins refused to show his identification or give his name and instead cursed at officers , who then arrested him . All this comes less than three weeks after Jeezy , 36 , turned himself after the alleged incident with his teenage son . His son told police the ordeal started at an Atlanta apartment in September 2012 after he sent a text message to his father . According to the son , Jeezy "  walked into the bathroom where he was and slammed his head against the sliding shower door , " then "  picked him up and threw him into the wall in the bedroom , " a police report said . When the teen tried to run downstairs and away , he was blocked by his father 's bodyguard , the report said . Jeezy then "  pulled him back into the room , threw him on the bed , choked him and stated , ` I 'll kill you , " the son told police . He allegedly threw him against a wall and onto the floor before kicking him in the head . "  The juvenile stated his father stated to him ` I 'll put a bullet in your head right now , ' " the report said . The boy 's mother called police two days later when her son returned to her and she noticed bruising and scratches on his face , the police report said . A grand jury warrant was issued for the rapper , who faces charges of battery , terroristic threats and false imprisonment . Jeezy turned himself in to authorities January 3 and was released on a $ 45,000 bond , the Fulton County Sheriff 's Office said . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Report : Jeezy was arrested after cursing at officers and refusing to identify himself He was reportedly seen leaving the back of a home after a security alarm went off Earlier this month , he turned himself in after allegations he threatened to kill his son The teen son also said Jeezy slammed his head against a shower door and choked him
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Two people were killed and about a dozen others were injured when a bomb exploded in a Catholic church in Kathmandu on Saturday morning , police said . The damage inside the church in Kathmandu following Saturday 's bomb blast . The explosion in the Nepalese capital killed a 15-year-old girl and a 30-year-old woman . "  The bomb exploded inside the church when the explosion happened , " senior police officer Kedar Man Singh Bhandari told CNN over the phone . About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded , police said . Manish Amatya , who was injured , said the blast interrupted their prayers . "  There was a loud explosion while we were praying and all of us ran out screaming , " he said . Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb , which damaged the church . CNN 's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Explosion in Nepalese capital killed 15-year-old girl , 30-year-old woman 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb
It sounds like a dangerous combination : massive tanks holding chemicals near a major water supply . That was the setup in West Virginia last week when a chemical spill contaminated a river supplying water to hundreds of thousands of people . Officials say there was n't much regulation at the site where the spill occurred and that little is known about the chemical that leaked . Now , state officials say they 're considering increasing oversight . "  Absolutely , " Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin told CNN . "  We need to do what we can to see that this kind of incident never happens again . There 's no excuse for it . " Two U.S. congressmen say the spill exposes regulatory gaps in the country 's chemical control laws . And many in the area are asking key questions : What caused thousands of gallons of a chemical used to clean coal to spill into the water ? How dangerous is the chemical ? And why did n't anyone catch the problem sooner ? See West Virginia American Water Co. status map State regulators inspected site in 1991 , 2010 , 2012 The facility where the leak occurred is owned by Freedom Industries , which supplies products for the coal-mining industry . The chemical that spilled , known as MCHM , is used to treat coal to reduce the amount of ash . A state environmental inspector visited the site in 2010 after a complaint about an odor , said Randy Huffman , the head of the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection . "  We went out on site and did n't find anything that would cause concern , no leaks or anything like that , " Huffman said . The licorice smell given off by the chemical that spilled , 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , can emerge when it is transferred to or from the facility -- not just during a leak . Inspectors visited the plant again in 2012 to determine whether any processes had changed that would require the company to obtain additional air quality permits , Huffman said . The inspectors decided no new permits were needed , and they would n't have inspected the tanks where Thursday 's leak occurred , he said . Before that , the last inspection at the site had been in 1991 . That inspection took place because the Charleston plant stored different materials that required regulation , said Tom Aluise , spokesman for the environmental protection department . State environmental officials said the facility had the only permit it was required to have : an industrial storm water permit . "  Basically they had to monitor the runoff from the rain and send us the results every quarter . Those were the only regulatory requirements , " Huffman said . "  The materials they were storing there is not a hazardous material . " That 's because the facility did n't process the chemicals , he said . It just stored them . The company was responsible for maintaining the tanks , Huffman said . "  There 's not necessarily the kind of robust environmental controls that people might anticipate that there should be on these types of facilities , " he said . That 's left West Virginia officials trying "  to beef up what could be viewed as a loophole with these kinds of facilities . " Booth Goodwin , the U.S. attorney in Charleston , said he 's investigating whether any laws were broken when the chemical leaked into the Elk River . But even if no regulations were violated , rules in the state could change as a result of the spill . "  We are writing to request that you immediately schedule a hearing to examine the regulatory gaps that this incident has exposed in the nation 's toxic chemical control laws , " Rep. Henry A. Waxman , D-California , and Rep. Paul D. Tonko , D-New York said in a letter Monday . Little known about chemical Government health and safety officials say they do n't know much about MCHM . But they told about 300,000 people in nine counties to stop using the water once they discovered that 7,500 gallons of the chemical had leaked on Thursday . On Monday , they said people in some areas could start using the water again and assured them that it would be safe . This much is clear : somehow the chemical leaked out of the storage tank , breached a concrete wall surrounding the tank , seeped into the soil and reached the water supply . "  My guy said you could see it bubbling up out of the ground , and there was no question what was going on , " Huffman said . Freedom Industries President Gary Southern said last week that residents ' safety had been his company 's first priority since he learned about the leak . "  We have been working with local and federal regulatory , safety and environmental entities ... and are following all necessary steps to fix the issue , " he said . "  Our team has been working around the clock since the discovery to contain the leak to prevent further contamination . " An emergency official told CNN that when he saw the tank , it looked old . "  I would say the tank was antique , " said C.W. Sigman , deputy director of emergency services in Kanawha County . Elizabeth Scharman , West Virginia 's poison control director , told CNN last week that the chemical inside the tanks had not been studied . "  We do n't know the safety info , how quickly it goes into air , its boiling point , " she said . That raises an important question , Waxman and Tonko said Monday . "  It is critically important that we understand how the law allowed a potentially harmful chemical to remain virtually untested for nearly forty years . ... We should not have to wait for a major contamination event to learn the most basic information about a toxic chemical in commerce , " they said . A 2005 fact sheet about the chemical filed with West Virginia environmental officials offered guidance for what to do if a large spill is detected : "  Prevent runoff from entering drains , sewers , or streams . "	State inspectors visited the site in 2012 , 2010 and 1991 , officials say The plant had the only permit required -- an industrial storm water permit West Virginia 's governor says he 's now considering increasing regulation
CNN  -- A year ago at this time , U.S. gasoline prices averaged $ 3.97 a gallon . It was the highest average in all of 2012 . But it 's a much different story this year , as prices continue to fall . The average per-gallon cost in the continental United States is now $ 3.65 , 32 cents less than last year 's peak , according to Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the Lundberg Survey . That 's a 6-cent decrease from two weeks ago and a 15-cent decrease from six weeks ago . Lundberg attributes most of the latest drop to lower crude oil prices , but she also credits a more plentiful supply . "  More U.S. refineries are gaining access to lower-priced domestic and Canadian oils and passing these benefits on to their marketers and retailers in the form of slashed wholesale gasoline prices , " Lundberg said . Lundberg expects the national per-gallon average to fall a few more cents this week as long as the price of crude does n't jump . The Lundberg Survey canvasses about 2,500 filling stations every two weeks . In the latest survey , the cheapest gas was $ 3.33 a gallon in Billings , Montana . The highest was $ 4.05 in Chicago . Average per-gallon prices in other cities : Charleston , South Carolina : $ 3.41 Atlanta : $ 3.50 Denver : $ 3.57 Minneapolis : $ 3.63 Las Vegas : $ 3.67 Boston : $ 3.69 Sacramento , California : $ 3.86	Cheaper crude oil prices , more plentiful supply keeps gas prices falling in the United States The average per gallon price is now $ 3.65 , according to the latest Lundberg Survey The cheapest gas was found in Billings , Montana ; the most expensive was in Chicago
CNN  -- An Internet auction to sell off the plaster cast that New Zealand Prime Minister John Key wore when he broke his right arm has raised close to NZ$ 20,000 for charity . John Key wears the cast during a TV interview on Friday . The online auction ended Sunday with a winning bid of NZ$ 18,500  US$ 9,362  , according to the New Zealand shopping Web site TradeMe , which conducted the bidding . The prime minister broke his arm in two places on January 17 when he tripped on some stairs at a Chinese New Year event in Auckland . Later , during a trip to Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands for a Pacific Islands Forum meeting , several dignitaries -- including Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd -- signed Kay 's blue cast . The money will benefit the Fred Hollows Foundation in blindness prevention programs in the Pacific . The TradeMe listing said the foundation estimates there are about 5,000 blind people in the Islands , mainly needing cataract surgery . Another 15,000 suffer from poor vision and need eyeglasses . "  I am very surprised it got to that ... but I am delighted , " New Zealand 's national news agency quoted Key as saying about the winning bid . The cast , which was removed this weekend , is in "  excellent condition , " Key said . "  Though I do n't know whether is is $ 20,000 worth of condition . " Bidders and curious clickers posed more than 180 questions during the auction period . "  Does it come with the arm ? " asked one . Another wanted to know if there was a chance of the the winner and Key "  exchanging numbers and hanging out in the future if we hit it off ? " A third asked : "  If I was successful with this auction do I also have ownership and rights to any genetic material that may  have been  left inside the cast and the right to clone it if I choose to ? " That person was told he or she would have to "  negotiate with John 's lawyers for that particular right . " The winning bidder was a headstone maker from Wellington , according to NZPA , the news agency .	Auction to sell cast New Zealand 's PM wore when he broke arm sold for charity Online auction ended Sunday with winning bid of NZ$ 18,500  US$ 9,362 John Key broke his arm in two places when he tripped on stairs in Auckland
CNN  -- North Korea for the first time publicly specified the "  hostile acts " that landed Kenneth Bae a 15-year sentence at a labor camp . The Korean-American tour operator set up anti-North Korean bases in China and distributed anti-regime literature , a spokesman for the North Korean Supreme Court told the state-run KCNA news agency . "  He committed such hostile acts as egging citizens of the DPRK overseas and foreigners on to perpetrate hostile acts to bring down its government while conducting a malignant smear campaign against it , " the court said , using the acronym of the country 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Bae , who the North Koreans refer to as Pae Jun Ho , was arrested November 3 after arriving as a tourist in Rason city , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . He was later sentenced , but authorities until now had not elaborated on what he was accused of . READ MORE : Dennis Rodman asks Kim Jong Un to let U.S. citizen go Bae was "  caught red-handed " when he entered Rason City with anti-North Korea literature , the court said . He was accused of preaching at churches and lecturing to groups about the need to escalate confrontation , the court said . The statement said that the court did not allow Bae to have an attorney after he refused to give a plea , as North Korean law instructs . Bae confessed to his crimes , the court said , according to KCNA , and "  they were clearly proved in an objective manner by evidence and testimonies . " In previous instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary -- in recent cases , former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . But Bae 's case could get caught up in the recent tensions between North Korea and the United States . The news comes on the heels of weeks of superheated rhetoric from North Korea , which conducted its third nuclear test in February and launched a satellite into orbit atop a long-range rocket in December . Washington responded by deploying additional missile interceptors on the West Coast , dispatching a missile defense system to the Pacific territory of Guam and bolstering annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises with overflights by nuclear-capable B-2 and B-52 bombers . But the intensity of the North 's rhetoric appears to have subsided recently , and the U.S.-South Korean drills finished this week , removing another source of friction . CNN 's Dana Ford , Jethro Mullen and K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	Korean-American Kenneth Bae was sentenced to 15 years at a labor camp But North Korea had not detailed the accusations against him A North Korean Supreme Court spokesman detailed the case to state-run media Bae was accused of plotting against the North Korean government
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gul Bibi and her three children fled the Taliban 's bloody interpretation of Islamic law in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , hoping one day to return . A pro-Taliban delegation attends a meeting with government officials in Peshawar , Pakistan , on Monday . But now that the Pakistani government has recognized Taliban rule in the region in exchange for a temporary cease-fire , she said those hopes have been dashed . She warned that the government 's deal with the Taliban will have worldwide implications . "  The whole point is , if it 's not contained to Swat , it 's going to spill all over in Pakistan and the West also does n't realize the seriousness of the situation , " Bibi said . "  Probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat . " Watch Gul Bibi talk about Taliban threat " The chief minister of North West Frontier Province announced on Monday that the Pakistani government will recognize the Taliban 's interpretation of strict Islamic law , or sharia . The Taliban 's interpretation of sharia has included banning girls from school , forcing women inside and outlawing forms of entertainment . This form of Islamic law is already in effect in parts of North West Frontier Province where the Taliban have control -- including Swat , which is located about 100 miles northwest of Islamabad . Provincial minister Amir Haider Hoti said the people of the region want sharia which fills the "  vacuum " left by a lack of access to Pakistan 's judicial system . He said he hoped it would bring peace to the region , where Pakistani forces have battled militants aligned with the Taliban . It is difficult to gauge the concerns of residents in Swat , because the government does not allow journalists into the area due to the ongoing military operation . Also , residents risk their lives if they openly criticize Taliban rule . Bibi -- who used a false name to protect her identity -- told CNN that people in Swat do not support the Taliban 's version of Islamic law . A strict Muslim herself , Bibi said she observes the teachings of the Quran , and the Taliban 's interpretation of sharia has nothing to do with the Muslim religion . "  They are killing people , they are beheading people , there is no accounting for what they are doing , " Bibi said . Their oppression is also focused on women . The Taliban have destroyed dozens of girls ' schools in the region . Bibi is living in a house in Islamabad with other women who have fled Taliban rule in Swat . "  For God 's sake , in the West you must realize this : no education for women , " she said . "  You are going to destroy an entire generation . " She dismissed the government 's peace deal as a concession to the Taliban . But she remains hopeful that she can return to the picturesque Swat Valley with her three children . "  I want peace more than anyone else , " Bibi said . "  It 's my home , it 's where I want my children to go back to , it 's where I want to live . "  I love Swat . It 's because of my love and my passion for Swat that I am speaking . "	"  Probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat , " says woman who fled the town Pakistani government agreed Monday to let Taliban rule the area "  They are killing people , they are beheading people " the woman says She says Taliban 's anti-women moves will "  destroy an entire generation "
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , that disappeared overnight as it entered an area of strong turbulence probably crashed into the Atlantic Ocean , the CEO of Air France said Monday . Anne and Michael Harris , who lived in Rio de Janiero , Brazil , were two Americans aboard the flight . Brazilian and French ships and planes were looking for any sign of the missing plane , authorities said . The first three hours of what was to have been an 11-hour flight appear to have been uneventful , CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon said . But about 4:15 a.m. Paris time , Flight 447 's automatic system began a four-minute exchange of messages to the company 's maintenance computers , indicating that "  several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down , " he said . "  This succession of messages signals a totally unforeseeable , great difficulty , " he said . "  Something quite new within the plane . " During that time , there was no contact with the crew , Gourgeon said . "  It was probable that it was a little bit after those messages that the impact of the plane took place in the Atlantic , " he added . He said the Airbus A330 was probably closer to Brazil than to Africa when it crashed . He noted that turbulence made flying "  difficult " in the area but that it is "  too early to say " exactly what happened . The chances of finding any survivors were "  very low , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy admitted Monday . "  This is a catastrophe the likes of which Air France has never seen before , " he said at Charles de Gaulle International Airport , where he met with relatives of the missing . "  I said the truth to them : The prospects of finding survivors are very low , " he said . The airline company identified the nationalities of the victims as two Americans , an Argentinean , an Austrian , a Belgian , 58 Brazilians , five British , a Canadian , nine Chinese , a Croatian , a Dane , a Dutch , an Estonian , a Filipino , 61 French , a Gambian , 26 Germans , four Hungarians , three Irish , one Icelandic , nine Italians , five Lebanese , two Moroccans , three Norwegians , two Polish , one Romanian , one Russian , three Slovakian , two Spanish , one Swedish , six Swiss and one Turk . An official list of victims by name was not available late Monday . The American victims were identified as Michael Harris , 60 , and his wife , Anne , 54 , by the couple 's family and his employer , Devon Energy in Oklahoma -- the largest U.S.-based independent natural gas and oil producer . Michael Harris was a company geologist in Rio de Janeiro , according to a company spokesman . Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley , told CNN the couple had been living in the city since July 2008 and that they were traveling to Paris for a training seminar for Michael and for a vacation . "  Anne and Mike were indeed a beautiful couple inside and out and I miss them terribly already , " Miley said in an e-mail . Sarkozy said French authorities sent ships and planes to the area about 250 miles  400 kilometers  from Brazil . "  Our Spanish friends are helping us ; Brazilians are helping us a lot as well . " French Transport Minister Jean-Louis Borloo told CNN affiliate France 2 that France asked the U.S. military to assist in the search through U.S. detection satellites . Pentagon officials in Washington did not immediately confirm the request . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told reporters in San Salvador , El Salvador , that he had spoken with Sarkozy but neither leader knew what to say . "  All we could do was thank each other , " Lula said . "  He thanked me for the speed with which the Brazilian air force took charge . " He added , "  In times like these , there is little to do but to deeply lament , to wish the families a lot of strength , because there are no words in times like these . " Sarkozy said authorities were seeking the help of satellites that might be able to pick up signs of what happened to the 4-year-old Airbus 330 . No possibility was being excluded : Turbulence in the area was strong , but other planes were able to pass through it without incident , he said . The plane reported a problem with the electrical system , "  but the specialists refuse for the moment to express themselves about any possibility , " Sarkozy said . The jet also sent a warning that it lost pressure , the Brazilian air force said . Watch aviation expert describe possible scenarios " It lost contact with air traffic control between Galeao International Airport in Rio de Janeiro and Charles de Gaulle International Airport in Paris , the airline said Monday . The Airbus A330 sent out an automatic signal warning of the electrical problems just after 2 a.m. GMT Monday as it flew "  far from the coast , " said an Air France spokeswoman who declined to be identified . It had just entered a stormy area with strong turbulence , she said . The jet was flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet and a speed of 521 mph , the air force said . Among the passengers were 126 men , 82 women , seven children and a baby , in addition to the 12 crew members , Air France officials in Brazil said . Much of the route is out of radar contact , Brazilian air force Col. Henry Munhoz told TV Globo . The flight , AF 447 , took off from Galeao International Airport at 11:30 p.m. Sunday GMT . It was scheduled to land in Paris at 9:10 a.m. GMT . Learn more about recent notable airplane crashes " Its last known contact occurred at 2:33 a.m. GMT , the Brazilian air force spokesman said . It was expected to check in with air traffic controllers at 3:20 a.m. GMT but did not do so , the Brazilian air force said in a statement . Brazilian authorities asked the air force to launch a search mission just over three hours later , at 6:30 a.m. GMT , the statement said . The plane reported no problems before takeoff , Joao Assuncao , Air France 's manager in Brazil , told the country 's Record TV . The airline set up a crisis center at the Paris airport . It listed numbers for families to call : 0 800 800 812 for people in France and 00 33 1 57 02 10 55 for families outside France . At a crisis center at the airport in Rio , relatives of the missing complained of a dearth of information from Air France , the Brazilian state news agency reported . One man , who identified himself as Bernardo , said his brother , Romeo Amorim Souza , and his wife were on the missing flight . "  I came to the airport because I was n't finding information , and my parents are very nervous , " he told Agencia Brasil . The missing A330 last underwent a maintenance check on April 16 , the airline said . CNN air travel expert Richard Quest said the twin-engine plane , a stalwart of transatlantic routes , had an impeccable safety record , with only one fatal incident involving a training flight in 1994 . "  It has very good range and is extremely popular with airlines because of its versatility , " he said . Its crew was composed of three pilots and nine cabin crew members , including a captain who has logged 11,000 hours in flight . About 1,700 of those hours were on the A330 and A340 . Of the two co-pilots , one has 3,000 hours of flying experience and the other 6,600 hours . The aircraft has flown 18,870 hours . The model is "  capable of communicating in several different ways over quite long distances even if they are out of radar coverage , " said Kieran Daly of the online aviation news service Air Transport Intelligence . The French Accident Investigation Bureau for civil aviation is investigating , the company said in a statement . CNN 's Lianne Turner , Ayesha Durgahee , Helena DeMoura , Isa Soares and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	CEO : "  Several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down " Passenger jet carrying 228 people disappears off coast of Brazil , airline says Air France says jet may have suffered electrical problems after hitting storm Expert says plane is extremely popular with airlines
CNN  -- The 19-year-old Michigan student with Down syndrome who drew national attention for his fight to play football at his high school will be allowed to suit up his senior year , his father said Thursday . The Michigan High School Athletic Association approved Eric Dompierre 's request for a waiver to keep playing , even though he exceeds the state 's official age limit , according to his father , who said he learned the news from the athletic director at Ishpeming High School . The Dompierre family had been petitioning the school and athletic association to create a waiver process for more than 2.5 years . They were pushing to give the teen , who was held back in kindergarten because of his disability and turned 19 in January , a way around rules that banned students from participating in high school athletics if they turned 19 before September 1 . "  We 're proud of the way Eric advocated for himself and kids like Eric . We 're very grateful for all the people , tens of thousands of people , that stepped forward , " Dean Dompierre , Eric 's father , told CNN . The student 's underdog quest to keep playing sports in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula garnered widespread attention . An online petition on Change.org that was started on March 24 garnered more than 94,000 signatures . Yooper Shirts , a T-shirt store in Ishpeming , sold shirts that said "  let 'em play . " On the football field and the basketball court , the 19-year-old has shown flashes of athletic prowess , kicking an extra point near the end of a football game several years ago and hitting a 3-point shot in the basketball playoffs to help his team maintain a comfortable lead . In May , after the Dompierre family 's lobbying , the athletic association created a new waiver process , allowing student athletes who turn 19 before September to play sports under "  narrowly defined " circumstances . Under the new waiver rule , a student "  must have a defined disability documented to diminish both physical and either intellectual or emotional capabilities , does not create a health or safety risk to participants and does not create a competitive advantage for the team . The burden of proof rests with the school seeking the waiver , " the association said in a statement . The age restriction is intended to prevent the possibility of injury or competitive advantage from an older , more developed athlete playing against younger students . "  The rule is 100 years old , " Dean Dompierre told CNN in May . "  We 've come a long way in those 100 years in this country in the way that we involve and include people with disabilities . And I think it 's time that the rule catches up with that . " Eric Dompierre started practicing with the football team before the waiver was accepted , in hopes that he would be cleared . The rule change and waiver acceptance means he will be allowed to play as an extra point kicker on his high school football team . "  And when football is over , he 'll try out for the basketball team he 's been playing on for three years , " Dean Dompierre told CNN Thursday . "  Thanks to all the people that signed the petition and spoke up . Without them , this could n't have happened . "	The teen 's father says officials have ruled he can play , despite age limits 19-year-old Eric Dompierre has Down syndrome and was held back in kindergarten His underdog quest to keep playing for his school garnered widespread attention Father : "  We 're proud of the way Eric advocated for himself and kids like Eric "
CNN  -- "  I consider myself normal , " Michael Phelps told Piers Morgan . "  I 've spent 20 years in the pool . I consider that something that 's normal . " In an interview on Monday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " the American swimmer who has amassed 17 Olympic medals talked about his goals for the 2012 Games , his heroes , mistakes he 's made , his impending retirement and much more . Phelps won six gold and two bronze medals at the Athens Games in 2004 , and eight gold medals at Beijing in 2008 . Last night , Phelps won his first ever silver as part of the 400-meter relay team . His medal collection leaves him a mere two medals away from becoming the winningest athlete in Olympic history . In Saturday 's 400-meter individual medley , Phelps came in fourth place . Fellow USA teammate Ryan Lochte won the gold . It was the first time Phelps failed to win a medal in an Olympic event since 2000 . Phelps , 27 , is competing in his fourth and final Olympics before retirement . Phelps , who grew up in a suburb of Baltimore , began swimming at age 7 . Michael Phelps cements legacy as one of all-time Olympic greats Phelps at one point trained every day for five years . He spent three to six hours in the pool each day and exercised on dry land four to five days a week . Morgan pointed out that the number of Olympians who cite Phelps as an inspiration makes the swimmer an almost godlike figure , but Phelps said that his athletic role model has always been Michael Jordan . "  On and off the court , the guy made basketball what it is , " Phelps told Morgan . Phelps has yet to meet the basketball Hall of Famer and six-time NBA champion , who also is a two-time Olympic gold medalist . But the two sports stars share a similar trait : Both men had a dream , reached for it and achieved it despite the sacrifices they made . "  I think one of the coolest things that I loved about him was it did n't matter what he had going on off the court or if he was sick or this , that , " said Phelps . "  He never used an excuse . He came out every single night on the court and did what he had to do to get his job done . That 's what champions do . It does n't matter what else is going on when you walk in to your arena , whatever you excel at , you 're there to take care of the job that you have to do . " Lochte vs. Phelps : Swimmer showdown heats up the Web Morgan asked Phelps to recall the fallout from the 2009 incident in which a photograph of the swimmer allegedly smoking pot from a bong at a party surfaced . "  I 'll make a million mistakes in my life but as long as I never make the same mistake again , then I 've been able to learn and grow , " said Phelps . He also said that the incident made him realize who his real friends were . With retirement clear on the horizon , Phelps told Morgan that he 'd most like to be remembered for "  doing something that nobody else had ever done before , changing the sport of swimming . That 's what I hope to walk out of this sport with . " One aspect of retirement that Phelps looks forward to is visiting oceans or resorts and not getting in the water . "  I do n't want to get in the water , " said Phelps . "  I spent so much time in the water ; I 'm like ` No I 'll sit here on the beach . ... I do n't want to get in the water and play . " Godfather of U.S. competitive swimming Spitz bets on Phelps Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Michael Phelps says he will retire after the London 2012 Olympic Games The swimmer has 17 Olympic medals Phelps : "  If you want to be the best you have to do things that other people are n't willing to do "
Dhanusha , Nepal  CNN  At Kathmandu 's Tribhuvan International Airport , hundreds of migrant workers line up daily at the immigration counters , clutching newly printed passports and boarding passes . Many of them , though , are clueless as to where they 're headed . As a frequent traveler to the country , I 've been approached many times by these men , asking me to help fill out their departure forms . Usually , when I ask what country they 're traveling to , I get the same answer : "  I 'm not sure . " They seem weary and lost but still hopeful that they can make their lives better . This time , however , I 'm at the airport to follow up on the repatriation of the most unfortunate of these migrant workers -- far too many of them make the return journey in caskets . Almost every day , the remains of three or four workers arrive back in Nepal from the Middle East , according to Bhola Prasad Siwakoti , the secretary of the Nepalese Ministry of Labor and Manpower . Every other day , at least one dead body arrives from Qatar , he said . "  Nepali migrant workers have the lowest per capita income in Qatar , " says Suryanath Mishra , who served as ambassador to Qatar from 2007 to 2012 . "  They get exploited the most out of all the migrant workers . " He cites lack of education and technical skills as the main causes . We are waiting for the body of Kishun Das , who left Nepal for Qatar only eight months ago . The 38-year old was his family 's breadwinner and the father of five children . His younger brother , Bishun , is at the airport to receive the body . He also works in Qatar and is in Nepal on leave . I ask him why he 's alone . "  We do n't have money to bring other family members to receive the body , " he says . "  But they have been calling me every other minute asking for the update . " His phone rings . "  I 'm at the administration filling out the paperwork . " he tells the caller on his phone . "  No , he is n't getting any compensation . " With more than 350,000 migrant workers , Nepalis make up the second-biggest community in Qatar , after Indians , the embassy in Qatar claims . When contacted about the deaths of foreign workers in Qatar , a spokesman for the labor ministry said that all workers deserve to be protected against exploitation . Saad Al-Mraikhi estimated that some 400 Indian and Nepalese workers die each year in Qatar . "  It is desperately unfortunate that any worker should die overseas , in a foreign land , away from their family , " the spokesman said . "  But it would be wrong , we believe , to allow the statistics to be consistently distorted to suggest that all deaths in a population of 1.5 million people are apparently the result of workplace conditions , either directly or indirectly , which is the prevailing and erroneous narrative . " Al-Mraikhi spoke about recent changes in his country , including the introduction of a wage protection system , improved living conditions and increased penalties for companies that violate rules . "  While the vast majority of workers in Qatar are fairly treated , we recognise that a minority are not . That is why we are reforming labour laws and practices , " he said in a statement . As we wait at the airport , a Qatar Airways plane lands . At 7:40 pm , it is the last of three that depart and arrive every day . Before Qatar won the right to stage the FIFA World Cup in 2022 and embarked on a hugely ambitious , holistic construction plan to support it , it was a single flight a day . Hundreds of passengers disembark from the plane . "  They are mostly migrant workers returning home , " an airport official tells us . We spot a cargo worker transporting a bright red box carrying the body of Kishun . Even in a country where even a fight between two stray dogs can gather a sizable crowd , coffin arrivals do n't seem to attract many spectators . The scene has become all too common . The coffin is loaded on to a jeep provided for free by the Nepali government . We follow it on the journey to the family 's village in Dhanusha district , a seven-hour drive from Kathmandu . "  Normally , vehicles are not allowed to drive on this highway after 8 p.m. because of the dangerous condition of some of the roads at night , but since I 'm carrying a coffin , the police let me go , " the driver of the jeep tells us . The Nepali government has eight vehicles designated to deliver coffins . They 're kept busy . "  They call me the coffin guy , " the driver says with a dark smirk . At around 1 a.m. , we stop at a roadside shack . All of us eat except for Das ' brother . "  I 'm mourning . For religious purposes , I need to remain pure . So , I ca n't eat anything , " he says . I see him buying alcohol shortly after . "  I 'm too stressed because of my brother 's death . I need to comfort myself . " Back in Qatar , where alcohol is banned , he and his friends manage to fulfill their needs courtesy of the local black market , he tells us . "  It  the alcohol  is of very poor quality , but that is our only option , " he adds . Even before we arrive at the village just at the break of dawn , we hear the howling . Dozens of villagers have already gathered at Das ' home . His father cries out in agony , "  Hey Lord , what have you done ? " Then he faints . All the family members shout at the coffin . The wailing and shouting is almost deafening . And it goes on for hours . As a journalist working in South Asia , I have seen a lot of desperation and misery . But the screeching was so intense ; it 's something I will never forget . "  He alone was taking care of his parents and his family . How will they survive now ? " a villager asks . Most of the spectators are women . Most of the men from the village have gone to the Middle East to work . The few who are left behind start preparing for his cremation . Mishra , the former ambassador , says 55 % of Nepali migrant workers deaths in Qatar are from "  sudden " cardiac arrest , 20 % die from work-related accidents , 15 % from traffic accidents and an alarming 10 % commit suicide . Nepali government records show more than 290 workers have died in the Gulf state in the past 420 days . Put another way , two Nepali workers die in Qatar every three days . These are young men dying in the prime of their life . "  The cause of deaths needs to be investigated properly , and urgently , " Mishra says . "  In general , it is due to tension led by exploitation , adverse climate , poor working and living conditions and alcoholic intoxication . " In Das ' village , almost all the men we meet have spent time working in the Middle East . Many had recently returned from Qatar . They tell stories of hardship and of the deaths of their co-workers . Time and again , none of them seems to be convinced with investigations into their friends ' and compatriots ' deaths . And again , amongst the keening and wailing of his distraught family , no one is sure how Kishun Das , brought back home in a red coffin along hazardous roads , met his end in Qatar .	A spokesman for the Qatari labor ministry details recent changes to the law Each week , the bodies of dozens of migrant workers are repatriated to Nepal The body of one man , Kishun Das , is returned home as his family mourns
CNN  -- When Vincent Tan led a Malaysian takeover of Cardiff City in 2010 , the Welsh soccer club was battling crippling debts -- and a long-awaited return to England 's top flight was tantalizingly out of reach . The new owners , frustrated by two more near promotion misses , decided that a major overhaul was necessary . Along with major investment , the team 's historic blue strip was last season changed to red to appeal to Asian supporters and a dragon put on the club crest in prominent place above its iconic bluebird . One Cardiff fan was so disillusioned that he auctioned his club loyalty on eBay . However , most supporters were won over when the "  Bluebirds " clinched promotion to the Premier League as champions -- and their delight grew on Sunday with a shock victory over one of the richest clubs in the world . Manchester City traveled to the Welsh capital on the back of a 4-0 thrashing of Newcastle on the opening day of the season , but left smarting after a 3-2 defeat against a side widely tipped for an immediate return to division two . It was the first time Cardiff had hosted a top-flight match since 1962 , and Malky Mackay 's team had suffered a 2-0 defeat last weekend at West Ham -- a mid-table side last season . "  This was the first time that we 've played at home in the Premier League , and the first time in 51 years that we 've been in the top division , so it meant a lot to a lot of people , " he told reporters after two goals from former Manchester United striker Fraizer Campbell set up victory . "  I 'm very proud of a lot of people at the club ; obviously the players but also the fans who made the atmosphere unbelievable today . Also , the people who work at the club , because they 've been through some tough times -- to see them with smiles on their faces as I walked through the tunnel lightens my heart . "  Manchester City are one of the top teams in Britain and Europe , and are full of top Premier League talent . " As Manchester City 's new manager Manuel Pellegrini commented afterwards : " I did not expect to lose . " City , EPL champions two seasons ago , spent more than Â # 100 million  $ 155 million  before the start of the season -- bankrolled by the club 's oil-rich Abu Dhabi owners . However , it was Edin Dzeko -- himself a big-money buy during the tenure of previous manager Roberto Mancini -- who put the visitors ahead seven minutes after the break . But the Bosnia striker 's stunning strike was soon canceled out by Cardiff 's Iceland captain Aron Gunnarson , and one-cap England international Campbell then twice got the better of his marker Pablo Zabaleta to force home from successive corners . Substitute Alvaro Negredo , one of Pellegrini 's acquisitions , gave the visiting City hope with a debut headed goal of his own in the 90th minute but Cardiff held on . "  Playing against a Manchester City team that only lost one game from a winning position last season , and to come back and show that character today -- I thought we deserved to win the game , " Mackay said . "  My players are here on merit -- we proved that today . " Meanwhile , Tottenham became the third team to start with successive victories after beating the EPL 's other Welsh club , Swansea , 1-0 on Sunday . New signing Roberto Soldado scored his fourth goal in three games as the London club joined Chelsea and Liverpool on six points . The Spain striker scored the only goal from the penalty spot in the second half , as he did against Crystal Palace last weekend before netting twice in the 5-0 Europa League thrashing of Dinamo Tbilisi . Gareth Bale , Tottenham 's top scorer from last season , was given the weekend off due to his apparent injury . The Wales forward is expected to be unveiled by Real Madrid in a world-record signing next week , but Spurs manager Andre Villas-Boas said he expected the player to be at training on Tuesday . "  There is interest from Real Madrid . Whether the transfer will happen or not , hopefully you will have more news in the next couple of days but at the moment there is nothing I can tell you , " he added . "  Tomorrow is a day off . Tuesday is training so I would expect him to be there . " Villas-Boas wryly shrugged off Chelsea 's Sunday announcement that the club had hijacked Tottenham 's bid to sign Brazil forward Willian from Russian team Anzhi Makhachkala but confirmed that Steaua Bucharest defender Vlad Chiriches is set to join Spurs . "  Maybe someone will steal him as well , " Villas-Boas joked . Chelsea , meanwhile , will face a big test of the club 's title ambition under Villas-Boas ' former mentor Jose Mourinho in Monday 's clash with EPL champions Manchester United .	Promoted Cardiff shock big-spending Manchester City with 3-2 victory Striker Fraizer Campbell scores twice for the resurgent Welsh club It was Cardiff 's first home match in the top division in 51 years Tottenham 's 1-0 win over Swansea gives London side second victory
CNN  -- A Swedish political party dedicated to copyright reform and privacy rights says it has agreed to host several new servers for the whistle-blower website WikiLeaks . The Pirate Party said Tuesday it agreed to host the servers during a visit last weekend by WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . "  The contribution of WikiLeaks is tremendously important to the entire world , " Pirate Party leader Rick Falkvinge said in a statement on the group 's site . "  We desire to contribute to any effort that increases transparency and accountability of power in the world . " By hosting WikiLeaks information on the party 's computer servers , WikiLeaks information will be available to more web users . The party said it will host the information free of charge as part of its political mission . Assange welcomed the decision in a statement on the party 's site . "  Our organizations share many values , and I am looking forward to future ways we can help each other improve the world , " he said . "  We see more opportunities down the road in cooperating with the Pirate Party . " The Pirate Party is pushing for representation in the Swedish and European parliaments on a three-point platform that includes reform of copyright law , to make all non-commercial use of copyrighted material free and to limit the terms of current copyrights ; getting rid of the patent system ; and tightening privacy rules . WikiLeaks sparked controversy last month by posting some 76,000 pages of U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan , in what was called the biggest leak since the Pentagon Papers about the Vietnam War . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates criticized the leak , saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . Assange has defended the leak by saying it can help shape the public 's understanding of the war . He said the material was of no operational significance and that WikiLeaks tried to ensure the material did not put innocent people at risk . The Pirate Party said Wikileaks has been under "  constant threat of being sabotaged by corrupt or abusive organisations trying to conceal the truth from the public . "	The Pirate Party is dedicated to copyright reform and privacy rights It agreed to host the servers after meeting the WikiLeaks founder By hosting the WikiLeaks information , it will be available to more web users
CNN  -- It started out as a lovely summer night in northern California : an outdoor concert at a winery that 's set among redwoods and that bills itself as "  miles away but worlds apart . " But Thursday 's show by the band The Swell Season at the Mountain Winery , just outside San Jose , turned tragic when a concertgoer leapt from the roof of the stage , landed near the lead singer and died , in what authorities say was a suicide . "  Upon arriving , deputies found a doctor and an EMT on the scene , performing CPR on the victim , " said Rick Sung , public information officer for the Santa Clara County Sheriff 's Office . "  They did that for almost half an hour when the doctor pronounced the victim dead . " The suicide victim , Michael Edward Pickels , 32 , had attended the concert with a friend , Sung said . "  During the performance , the victim left his personal items behind with his friend , " Sung said . "  The next thing  witnesses  see is the victim appears on the rooftop out of nowhere and throws himself off . " The roof was about 35 to 40 feet above the stage , Sung said . The doctor who pronounced Pickels dead had been attending the concert . Authorities said Saturday that Pickels had been out of jail on $ 150,000 bail after threatening to kill his girlfriend and himself on New Year 's Day . Pickels had been charged with assault with a firearm , domestic violence and false imprisonment , Sung said . Pickels had bound his girlfriend , aimed a loaded gun at her , and said he was going to kill them both , according to Sung . The girlfriend talked him out of it , Sung said , then fled and phoned the sheriff 's office . When deputies arrived at Pickels ' house , he refused to come out for 90 minutes before surrendering . Pickels ' death was ruled a suicide by Santa Clara County 's coroner Friday , Sung said . The Mountain Winery relies on Santa Clara County sheriff 's deputies to patrol its parking lot and concessions area during concerts , Sung said , but provides its own security for the stage and audience area . The winery , located in Saratoga , did not immediately return a call for comment Saturday night , though it addressed the incident in a brief message on its web site . "  Thank you to all of you -LSB- who -RSB- have inquired about the unfortunate incident that occurred here on Thursday evening , " the message said . "  While we are working with local authorities in investigating this incident , there will be no changes to our concert schedule . " The Swell Season , a pop/rock duo , has reflected on the incident on its web site and social networking sites . "  The band , crew and all involved with them are shocked and saddened by the death that occurred at last night 's show , " the songwriting duo said on its Twitter page Friday . The Swell Season posted another message on its Facebook page Saturday before a concert in Washington state . "  Making and performing music is what the band has always done in good times and in bad , " it read . "  Our hope is that in this communal experience tonight we can somehow help our own grieving process after what we just witnessed . The show will most certainly be different than any other we have ever played . " "  We wish to continue to be sensitive to family and friends of this individual and hope that in performing it is not viewed as a selfish act , " the message continues . "  We have not come to this decision lightly . We continue to have them at the forefront of our minds and hearts . ? " CNN 's Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	A concertgoer leapt from the roof of a stage at a winery concert The suicide victim was out on $ 150,000 bail after threatening to kill his girlfriend The band The Swell Season has reflected on the incident online
Wired  -- To look at an ancient globe is to look at the Earth as it was seen by the people of another time . It reflects their understanding of the continents and seas , and it captures political divisions that have long since shifted . Even the typography and colors of a globe are indicative of the time and place of its origin , says Sylvia Sumira , a London-based conservator of ancient globes . Often , it 's a thing of remarkable craftsmanship and beauty . "  If you go into a room and there 's a globe , your attention is immediately drawn to it , " Sumira said . In her lavishly illustrated new book , Globes : 400 years of exploration , navigation , and power , Sumira traces the history and making of globes and showcases dozens of fine examples drawn largely from the collection of the British Library . Contrary to the popular misconception that nobody knew the Earth was round before Columbus , the ancient Greeks described the making of globes  in verse , no less  in the third century B.C. . The oldest surviving globe dates back to 150 A.D. . But they really took off between about 1500 and 1900 , and it 's this period that 's the focus of Globes . Read more : 5 new record-breaking rides that will terrify you this Summer There are records of globes being brought on ships during the age of exploration , but they probably were n't used for navigation , Sumira says . For one thing , any globe that 's small enough to be brought on board would have to be scaled down to the point of being useless for charting a course on the high seas . "  They 're more a symbol of navigation than a tool for navigation , " she said . In the book , she writes that in the 17th century , globes were sold as "  handsome objects of status and prestige to a comfortable merchant class . " Not that ancient globes do n't convey some useful information . Much of it is contained in the horizon ring that surrounds many of them . Concentric circles printed or engraved on the ring indicate the degrees of the compass , the months of the year , zodiac signs , and sometimes information about winds . They can be used , for example , to determine the sunrise and sunset on a given day of the year , Sumira says . "  Most of the globes were like little calculating machines . " Read more : Striking photos of the rooms where VIPs shape history Several globes in the book come in pairs : one terrestrial , one celestial . "  The constellations were very much used for navigational purposes , " Sumira says , so being able to study pairs like this would have been very instructive for mariners in training . The celestial globes sometimes look like someone let the animals out of the zoo : the stars that make up a constellation are overlaid on the figure that gives it its name â $ " a lion for Leo , a big bear for Ursa Major and so on . Getting your bearings with the celestial globes is a little tricky . It helps if you pretend you 're God , looking down at the heavens from on high . The earth would be a dot inside the center of the globe . From this view , the constellations are mirror images of how they appear from Earth . Among Sumira 's favorites are the pocket globes . "  They 're just delightful little things , " she said . The smallest is just 1.5 inches in diameter . Many come in a wood or leather case that opens up to reveal a terrestrial globe that can be taken out . The concave surface of the case often contains a matching celestial globe . Read more from WIRED : Why are LEGO sets expensive ? Absurd creature of the week : The half-ton giant freshwater stingray with a 15-Inch poison barb Attention Hipsters : The Jurassic Park soundtrack is being released on vinyl Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Conservator Sylvia Sumira has traced the history of making globes Her book Globes : 400 years of exploration , navigation , and power showcases her favorites Globes are more of a symbol for navigation rather than a practical tool
CNN  -- After hiking along the Amazon River for more than two years , Ed Stafford is suddenly in a rush . The native Brit , who set out to become the first person to walk all of the river 's roughly 4,000 miles more than two years ago , is hoping to finish his hike on Monday , in time to catch his scheduled flight home to Leicestershire from Brazil . Despite collapsing from exhaustion on a roadside Sunday morning , Stafford is confident he 'll make the plane . "  Feeling much better , " he wrote in a blog post from northeastern Brazil on Sunday , after catching three hours of sleep . " ... will walk all night from now to complete the remaining 85 kilometers . " It 's the kind of fortitude that Stafford has summoned time and again since setting out from the Amazon 's River source in Peru in April 2008 , seeking to raise international attention about rain-forest destruction and to help raise funds to combat it . Since then , Stafford and Gadiel "  Cho " Sanchez Rivera -- a Peruvian forestry worker who joined him in July 2008 -- have encountered pit vipers , electric eels , anaconda , mosquitoes and scorpions , but very few doubts about whether they 'd reach the Atlantic . "  After grabbing something to eat , and replying to emails I finally got my head down at 1:27 a.m. , " Stafford wrote in a piece for CNN.com last week , after hiking for 15 straight hours . "  We 've never walked 55km in a day before so we are satisfied with what we 've achieved , if a little stiff . " Stafford , a former British army captain , and his hiking buddy have seen their share of setbacks . Stafford contracted cutaneous leishmaniasis , a skin disease , and had to have a botfly removed from his skull . Cho suffered a nasty machete cut . But their biggest challenges were far less dramatic . "  Although everyone would like me to say that the hardest thing has been our encounters with  indigenous residents  pointing bows and arrows at our chest , for me that was n't the hardest part , " Stafford said last month , " ... the adrenalin kicks in and you deal with exciting , potentially dangerous moments like that easily . " "  It 's been the mundane that had really challenged me , " he said . " ... The weight of the rucksack , the basic food , the constant mosquito bites , the constant thorns . The little things that in a two-day expedition would n't bother you have been the things that have actually been challenging . " The greatest pleasures of the journey , Stafford said , have been the warmth of the Brazilian people , with village children frequently welcoming him and Cho to new towns and their parents offering home-cooked meals . Having never visited the Amazon before starting his expedition , Stafford now says that his quest to save the region wo n't end with his hike . "  I 'm committed now to this place for the rest of my life , " he wrote on CNN.com this month , "  and I intend to take ` Walking The Amazon ' around the world and keep alive the stories of the people we 've met along the way , the lives in the Amazon and the tale of the jungle . " Though he says that deforestation means the Amazon "  is changing faster than many of us can comprehend , " Stafford has also found reasons to be hopeful about its survival while hiking . "  Although  deforestation  is sill going on in the moment , " he said , "  there 's a generation coming through Brazil that are very aware of environmental issue and really do care about the Amazon . " As he closes in on the Amazon 's mouth , Stafford has found time to nurse less lofty desires . He says the first thing he 'll do after touching down in England is grab a pint of beer . And his Peruvian partner , he says , ca n't wait for a pint of fresh milk .	Ed Stafford set out to become the first person to walk all of the river 's roughly 4,000 miles He 's hoping to raise international awareness about deforestation Stafford started his hike in April 2008 A forestry worker from Peru has accompanied him for most of the trip
CNN  -- The jury weighing the fate of a white Florida man accused of killing a black teen during an argument over loud music concluded its second day of deliberations Thursday after asking a judge for details about a letter written in the months after the shooting . The jury was scheduled to resume deliberations Friday at 9 a.m. ET . The question was the latest posed by the jury considering the evidence in the case against Michael Dunn , who says he acted in self-defense when he opened fire on four teenagers in an SUV in Jacksonville in November 2012 . Prosecutors contend it was an act of murder . Dunn has been charged with first-degree murder in the killing of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . He also has been charged with three counts of attempted murder . If Dunn is found guilty , he faces up to life in prison . The questions came during the second day of deliberations in a case that has drawn parallels to the trial of George Zimmerman in the killing of teenager Trayvon Martin , which also had racial overtones and claims of self-defense . Jury questions Among the requests from the jury was to see surveillance video from the gas station where Dunn shot Davis . The video contains 20 minutes of footage from multiple angles , though a shorter version showing only one angle was slated to be shown in court . The jurors posed another question later in the day : "  Can we get that dummy with the sticks ? " -- a reference to a flexible mannequin and three dowels used to demonstrate the angles of the bullets as they entered Davis ' body . Judge Russell Healey said he 'd grant the request if both the prosecution and defense agreed , but after examining the dummy , defense attorney Cory Strolla said he felt the dowels in the body had been repositioned and objected to the jury seeing it again . Then the jury asked the judge when the letter was written . The answer : June 2013 . In closing arguments Wednesday , prosecutors said inconsistencies between Dunn 's words and actions undermined his assertion he acted in self-defense when he fatally shot the teen . His attorney countered the state failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt his client was guilty . He pleaded with jurors to find Dunn not guilty . In testimony Tuesday , Dunn said he fired in self-defense after the teen threatened him with a gun . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he said . "  It just worked out that way . " Defendant says he was ` crazy with grief ' ` There was no gun ' But Assistant State Attorney Erin Wolfson said Wednesday that Dunn 's claims do n't add up . She noted that Dunn fired 10 shots at the SUV , three of them while the car was fleeing . He never took cover -- but instead opened his car door -- even though he would later tell detectives he had seen a weapon , she said . "  There was no gun , " Wolfson told jurors . In addition , she said , he did not tell his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer , that he had seen a weapon until more than a month later . Dunn also left the scene of the shooting , went back to a hotel where they were staying and walked his dog , she said . And he returned the next day to his house -- more than two hours away -- all without calling 911 , Wolfson said . "  This defendant did n't tell anyone because he thought he had gotten away with murder , " she said , adding that Dunn had no idea a witness had taken down his tag number . Opinion : Did Florida shooter make his case on the stand ? ` Rap crap ' Dunn has testified he described the music to his fiancee as "  rap crap . " In the parking lot , as the music blared , "  his blood started to boil ; he did n't like the music that was coming out of the car next to him ; he got angrier and angrier , " Wolfson said . Dunn rolled down his window and asked the youths to turn it down , which they did , but then turned it back up , Wolfson said . "  He got angry at the fact that a 17-year-old kid decided not to listen to him , " she said , adding that Dunn then pulled a 9 mm gun out of his glove box and shot "  systematically and methodically " at the SUV . "  Nobody denied that Jordan was talking back . But this defendant took it upon himself to silence Jordan Davis forever . " Dunn testified Tuesday that he saw Davis reach down and pick something up , and that he saw about "  4 inches of a barrel " from a 12 - or 20-gauge shotgun above the window . Opinion : Florida shooter saw black , thought ` threat ' ` You 're not going to kill me ' He muttered aloud to himself , " ` You 're not going to kill me , you son of a bitch , ' " as he opened the glove compartment , grabbed his pistol , dropped the holster at his feet , chambered a round and began firing , he said . Nine of the 10 rounds hit the car , and three of them struck Davis , one of them cutting through his liver , his lung and his aorta . Wolfson rejected Dunn 's assertion he had been trying to de-escalate the situation and he feared for his life . Strolla , the defense attorney , noted that no witnesses had accused Dunn of using any hate words and testified that his client had just come from a wedding , where his ex-wife said he had appeared to be in a good mood . Strolla noted that the SUV departed the gas station after the shooting and was gone for three minutes before it returned , enough time for the youths to have dumped a gun . Detectives did not search the area for days after the shooting , he said . Strolla cited testimony from another passenger in the car with Davis who acknowledged he may not have heard all the conversation between the two men . ` You have reasonable doubt ' Witnesses testified that child locks on the SUV were engaged , and that Davis -- who was seated in the rear -- could not have gotten out of the back seat to threaten Dunn . But Strolla said the teen could simply have opened the door by putting his hand out the window , which was open . "  You have lack of evidence , conflicts of evidence and reasonable doubt , " he told the jurors . On rebuttal , Assistant State Attorney John Guy appealed to the jurors ' "  common sense . " "  That defendant did n't shoot into a car full of kids to save his life , " he said . "  He shot into it to preserve his pride . Period . That 's why we 're here . " Though Davis may have had a big mouth , he had no weapon , Guy said . Though he acknowledged minor inconsistencies in witness accounts , he said that was to be expected . "  It 's not like television , " he said . "  In real life , there are inconsistencies . " The court has decided not to release the identifications of the jurors , fearing they could be the subject of threats , but a document obtained by CNN affiliate WTLV-TV in Jacksonville showed the makeup of the jury . It has four white females , two black females , four white males , an Asian female and a Hispanic male , plus four alternates . CNN 's Tom Watkins and John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : Jury suspends deliberations for the day Jury has eight whites , two blacks , an Asian and Hispanic , CNN affiliate says Jury asks to see surveillance footage and mannequin If found guilty of first-degree murder , Michael Dunn faces up to life in prison
Cairo  CNN  -- The trial of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy got off to a raucous start Monday , with a judge twice pausing what was supposed to be a brief opening hearing as Morsy and his co-defendants loudly spoke over him , rejecting the charges and claiming Morsy still is the rightful ruler . And the recesses were hardly calmer -- while the judge was away , journalists who were calling for Morsy 's execution argued with defense lawyers . A fight appeared to break out at one point . In the end , the judge adjourned the trial until January 8 so that lawyers could meet with their clients and sift through more than 5,000 pages of recently filed documents . But not before several wild scenes in the court , where more than 100 observers looked on . Morsy helped set a tone of defiance when he walked in , wearing a suit as opposed to the white uniforms of his co-defendants . Throughout , he refused to recognize the court 's legitimacy and made it clear he still considers himself President . "  I warn everyone that what 's happening is a cover for the military coup , " he said shortly after the judge entered the room the first time . "  I do n't want the great Egyptian judiciary to ever serve as a cover for the standing military coup . " The charges Morsy appeared with seven co-defendants ; seven others are being tried in absentia . The charges stem from protests last December 5 over a constitution he shepherded into effect . Egyptian authorities have accused Morsy and his staff of ordering supporters to attack protesters after guards and members of the Interior Ministry refused to do it . Morsy , whom the military removed from office in a coup on July 3 , and four others are charged with inciting violence , but they are not accused of using force . The 11 others are charged with killing three men , torturing 54 people , using force and possessing weapons . Defendants chant : ` Down with military rule ' Monday 's proceeding was unruly even before it began . Before Morsy and the judge entered the room , some of his seven co-defendants chanted "  down with military rule " and "  Morsy is my President " from the dock . Even some of the defense lawyers , who numbered more than 20 , chanted , "  the people support the resilience of the President . " Morsy became Egypt 's first freely elected President in 2012 after the overthrow of longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak . The military deposed him in July , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Supporters , including the Muslim Brotherhood , have said the coup was a power grab by the military and elements of the old Mubarak regime . After Morsy made his statement at the start of Monday 's proceeding , the judge asked if the defendants were present -- and they did n't answer . When the judge addressed the defense lawyers , Morsy spoke up again and things broke down . "  I am Dr. Mohamed Morsy , the President of the republic , " Morsy said . "  The coup is a crime and ... treason . " This led to chaos , with a number of people -- lawyers , journalists , the judge -- trying to speak at once , and Morsy repeating himself to make sure he was heard . With no one able to hear anyone clearly , the judge called a recess for more than an hour . Upon returning , the judge let the prosecutor present the charges . Several defendants responded to the charges by proclaiming they rejected the court . The second recess came after more commotion , after Morsy alleged the court was n't properly specialized to charge Egypt 's President . The judge never returned to the courtroom : He sent a court official after the second recess to announce the adjournment until January 8 . Pro-Morsy demonstrators outside court Outside the police academy where the trial was being held , more than 100 pro-Morsy demonstrators faced a cordon of security forces behind barbed wire . The demonstrators waved flags and chanted loudly against the military , which deposed Morsy four months ago , and against Egypt 's interim government . Some protesters attacked television news crews they claimed were not reporting the truth , but that incident was brief . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . Authorities have warned they will crack down on any violent protests tied to the trial . Constitutional claim Defense lawyer Mohamed El-Damaty told CNN that Morsy 's team will argue that it is illegal under the constitution approved under Morsy to try a President without approval of two-thirds of the members of the parliament . The military suspended that constitution , but the court could honor it , El-Damaty said . Morsy had been held at an undisclosed location since the coup . Amnesty International has described his detention as an "  enforced disappearance . " After Monday 's hearing , Morsy will be taken to the Borg El-Arab prison in Alexandria , state-run TV reported . State-run Al Masriya TV reported that Morsy was transported by military plane to the court . The other defendants were transported by military armored vehicles . Who represents Morsy ? It was n't immediately clear after Monday 's proceedings whether Morsy will accept the lawyer provided to him , as accepting legal representation could be perceived as acceptance of the court and the trial . Morsy 's Islamist Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood , assigned lawyer Mohamed Selim El-Awa to him . El-Awa argued Monday that the court does n't have jurisdiction to try Morsy , and that Morsy is illegally held -- asserting that anything gleaned during his detention would be null and void . Lawyer Rajia Omran , who represents victims of the December clashes , repeatedly argued that this is n't a political trial -- saying she 'd been working on the case since December , months before Morsy 's ouster . CNN 's Sarah Sirgany and Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's David Simpson , Yousuf Basil and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	"  What 's happening is a cover for the military coup , " Morsy says in court Trial adjourned until January after opening hearing interrupted twice Outside court , protesters chant and briefly attack news crews Morsy is accused of inciting violence against protesters in December 2012
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- An estimated 3 billion people -- nearly half the world 's population -- still use an open fire as their primary source of energy for cooking and heating . But there 's a problem : the smoke . "  You have respiratory issues , lung disease , you 've got pneumonia , and you 've got longer-term issues like cancer and heart disease as well that can result from exposure to indoor air pollution , " said Radha Muthiah , executive director of the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves . The World Health Organization says this type of pollution causes nearly 2 million premature deaths each year . That 's more than tuberculosis and three times as many as malaria . Everline Kihulla is among the people trying to do something about it . She works for TaTedo , which manufactures and sells "  clean cookstoves " in Tanzania . TaTedo 's stoves are made with clay liners that , along with other simple design features , emit far less smoke and fewer pollutants . And they use a fraction of the fuel . "  This  stove  , we have improved it , and it currently uses almost 50 % , compared to the traditional one , " she said , crouching beside one of TaTedo 's models . "  The charcoal consumption here is less , compared to the traditional one . " Another benefit is that these stoves are made locally . A nearby workshop employs 21 people and churns out 400 to 500 stoves each month . Each person follows a cookstove through every stage of production , from pottery to painting . This teaches each worker a variety of skills . Producing locally also boosts the economy and keeps costs down , although price is an issue . Cookstove prices start at about $ 6  U.S.  , a lot of money for many families in developing countries . Still , Lillian Njuu , a Dar es Salaam resident , thinks the expense is worth the health of her family . She has used a clean stove for two years , she said , and she plans to buy another . While the upfront cost to buy a cookstove is high , the fuel costs are lower because it burns less . That , in turn , has an environmental impact . Burning less charcoal or wood means there 's less deforestation , something that has caused flooding and other major problems in many countries . "  It 's one relatively simple intervention that has a multitude of impacts , " Muthiah said . Now , the challenge is to get clean stoves into enough homes to really make a difference . David Lindsay is the managing editor of Global Health Frontline News . For more global health stories , go to www.ghfn.org .	Worldwide , nearly 2 million premature deaths each year are linked to indoor smoke The smoke comes when people use an open fire to cook or heat their homes , a common practice In Tanzania , they 're producing "  clean cookstoves " that emit far less smoke , fewer pollutants
CNN  -- Zabiullah Mujahid , one of two spokesmen for Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar , spoke recently with CNN 's Nic Robertson about the war in Afghanistan and the Taliban 's relationship with al Qaeda . CNN 's Nic Robertson , left , talks to Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid at an undisclosed location . Mujahid almost never gives TV interviews and he initially said the interview with CNN would last 15 minutes , but spoke to Robertson for 45 . Here is an edited transcript . CNN : Can you tell me what the Taliban strategy is in Afghanistan ? Zabiullah Mujahid : The policy is quite clear . We ask from the beginning and we say once again to enforce the sharia law and Islamic government in Afghanistan , to remove foreign forces from our country . This is our country ; we have to govern it . CNN : Do you want to take over the government in Kabul or do you want to work with others ? Mujahid : I want to tell you clearly when we rose up in Afghanistan in 1994 we did not rise up to be the government ... you know the mujahadeen government ... and when the Russians flee Afghanistan . But the mujahadeen were fighting each other , the people were being killed . So we rose up not for power and government we rose up just ... to force Islamic law and to help our widows in Afghanistan . We did jihad for the Islamic government . And No. 2 I want to tell you clearly our Afghan nation is held hostage by foreign troops . We do n't fight the government . We fight for the sake of our country , for the sake of our nation , for Islamic law and also to rescue our country from the crusader CNN : There are going to be elections in Afghanistan this year . Does the Taliban support those elections ? Mujahid : First I want to tell you this is not an election , it is selection . People are selected from the White House . This is just a joke and we ask from our Muslim brothers and our population not to take part in this election because this is people selected from the White House before the election . CNN : Will you try to stop the elections ? Mujahid : We announce clearly from the beginning for our Muslim brothers not to take part in this election . We want to disturb this election ; it is not the election of the Afghan nation . It is not the will of the Afghan nation . I told you clearly it is what the U.S. wants in Afghanistan , and yesterday as announced by our leader Mullah brother we will target the Afghan parliamentary members and government officials so if there are elections yes it is clear we will target them . CNN : And will you target them using suicide bombs ? Mujahid : I want to tell you clearly we have different kinds of tactics . One of them yes is suicide attack . We will not target everyone with a suicide attack . We will see the place . Yes the suicide attack is part of our war with the crusader so when we need a suicide attack we will do the suicide attack . When we need a target attack we will do a target attack , when we need the bomb blast we will do the bomb blast . Where there is the combat war , we will do it in that place . According to the situation we will do the things that work . CNN : What is your policy toward Afghan civilians ? Mujahid : First we give the proof from the beginning of our jihad against crusader we do not want to kill civilians . We sacrifice ourselves for the safety of the civilians ; we never want to kill the civilians . Also we ask of the civilians do n't be close to the troops , be away from them not to be targeted . CNN : How do you justify suicide bombs ? Mujahid : This is from the history of Islam from the days of Prophet Mohammed , from the history of those days . They sacrificed some people , friends of Mohammed , for the sake of Islam . This is part of the jihad and part of the fighting . We will fight them and we will target them . CNN : Are the Taliban in Afghanistan supporting the Taliban in Pakistan with their fight ? Mujahid : We do not want to interfere in the Pakistan Taliban affairs . We are Afghan Taliban and our policy is clear against the foreign troops . The second thing -- yes there are sympathies between the two sides . CNN : Do the Pakistan Taliban come to Afghanistan and help you in your fight ? Mujahid : I ask you do only Americans come to Afghanistan or are there 40 other countries with them ? So we are Muslims . If they come , we will say welcome to them -- our Muslim brothers in the Pakistani Taliban . CNN : President Obama is sending 20,000 more troops to Afghanistan . Will that defeat your forces , the Taliban ? Mujahid : I will clearly tell you . If there are more we will kill more ; if there are few we will kill fewer . CNN : The United States is sending more troops ; is that going to change the war ? Mujahid : If the Pentagon is thinking of changing its policy , we , too , are thinking of changing our policy . If they want to send 20,000 to start a new campaign , this is a war and we will see the war and make our policy . We also have the good players ; we have the good experts of the war . CNN : Some people say President Obama has made Afghanistan a very big part of his foreign policy . Some people have suggested it may be his Vietnam . What is your opinion ? Mujahid : If they want to send the troops and change things we believe they ca n't do anything because the 40 countries do n't make any good achievements inside Afghanistan . Yes Afghanistan will be the Vietnam for them . Concerning their policy it is the same Bush policy ; there are no changes in this policy . I want to tell you clearly we will win , and they will die . CNN : Can the Taliban win by military means alone or does there have to be some kind of talks ? Mujahid : We believe by both , by negotiation and also by war . We ask them to leave the country ; we are ready to talk . So if they are not ready to leave and they want to talk by the mouth of the gun , we will talk by the mouth of the gun . CNN : What are your terms for talking . What are the Taliban terms for talking ? Mujahid : Our conditions are clear . We want to negotiate and they will not interfere in our affairs . Secondly , they will leave the country . Third , leave the Afghan people to do what they want to do , like the Islamic government they want to establish . CNN : The talks last year in Saudi Arabia -- were they helpful ? Mujahid : I want to tell you clearly there is no peace talks or negotiations in Saudi Arabia . CNN : Are there any talks at all with the Afghan government ? Mujahid : The Taliban under the field commander Mullah Mohammed Mujahadid do not have any representatives in peace talks . I want to tell you two things clearly . First I want to tell you some people take the former Taliban to Saudi Arabia to negotiate . They are not our representatives . Some people they sit in Kabul and talk . They are not our representative . -LSB- When -RSB- one wants to talk with us and we want to talk , it will be clear . Our representatives ' names will be clear . We will announce the people . CNN : So how long is this war going to last ? Mujahid : I want to tell you clearly it is war . Some people will be very weak but we will win . We will win . This is war . I can not tell you who is going to win but I can tell you one thing . -LSB- German Chancellor -RSB- Angela Merkel when she is coming to Kunduz -- before she is coming we had intelligence reports tell us she is coming , we had the information she is coming . We did the rocket attack and she escaped , so will show them and they escaped . I will tell you we will win ; we have the support of Muslim nations and this is what we believe . CNN : How do you get this intelligence ? Do you have people inside American bases ? Mujahid : The people who work with -LSB- Afghan President Hamid -RSB- Karzai they help us . Inside the American bases there are more people who help us , and we have intelligence from A to Z inside the foreign installations and the Afghan government . For example , on the day of the Afghan celebration -LSB- when a parade attended by President Karzai was attacked in April 2008 -RSB- in the same team that work with Karzai they gave the information that he is coming . Then we attacked . CNN : So you have people inside American bases and you have people inside the ministers and you have people right next to President Karzai ? Mujahid : Yes , certainly CNN : So how come President Karzai is still alive ? Mujahid : I ask you how strong the intelligence the United States has about Mullah Omar but they still do n't kill him . We detect and if he is not killed this is something that belongs to God . He will be finished quickly . CNN : What is the relationship between Taliban and al Qaeda ? Mujahid : Taliban is one thing and al Qaeda is another . They are global we are just in the region . CNN : Can you explain the differences between Taliban and al Qaeda . Mujahid : We are not under the command of al Qaeda . Some people are coming to fight and we say welcome . CNN : They come from al Qaeda . ? Mujahid : Even any place including al Qaeda , but we do n't fight under their instruction . CNN : But they help you , al Qaeda helps you ? Mujahid : We are from this country ; we are the boss . We do not have any link with them -- they do not have any link with us under the command of al Qaeda . If mujahadeen freely want to do jihad they can come . Nic Robertson , senior international correspondent , contributed to this report . The translator was Janullah Hashimzadeh .	Zabiullah Mujahid , Afghan Taliban spokesman talks to CNN 's Nic Robertson Mujahid says Taliban wants to disturb Afghanistan election He says they want to enforce sharia law , Islamic government in Afghanistan Suicide bombs , traditional warfare , talks among options , Mujahid says
CNN  -- People are mourning the tragic overdose death of Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who was found Sunday morning alone in his New York apartment with a needle in his arm and empty bags of heroin . When a beloved celebrity such as Hoffman dies of an overdose , it 's front page news . But his death serves as a reminder that 105 people are dying in the United States every day from an overdose involving heroin or pharmaceutical opioids . With more than 30,000 deaths annually , accidental overdose has overtaken car accidents as our country 's leading cause of accidental death for people 25 to 64 . The hundreds of billions of dollars spent on the drug war did nothing to prevent a dramatic increase in overdose fatalities ; indeed , those very policies likely increased the number of people who die from an overdose . Some people are going to use heroin , or play around with pharmaceutical opiates , no matter what we say and no matter what the government does . The real challenge is to do what we can to help people stay alive . Here are seven steps that can help : 1 . Make treatment available to those who want and need it : It is tragic that so many people who need treatment ca n't get it . It is outrageous that we taxpayers spend , on average , $ 30,000 a year to incarcerate someone with a drug problem , but we skimp on treatment programs that are less expensive and more effective in reducing illegal drug use and other crime . Too many people who want treatment are told there are no open slots and turned away . Philip Seymour Hoffman 's ` everyman ' brilliance 2 . Offer methadone and buprenorphine to those with opioid addiction : Methadone and buprenorphine have been the gold-standard treatment for opioid addiction for decades . These replacement therapies can allow people to live normal lives without the highs and lows of illegal heroin and other opioids . We need to remove the obstacles to making these life-saving medications more readily available and end the stigma that discourages people from seeking out the most effective treatment . 3 . Honest drug education : We urge young people to stay clear of alcohol , tobacco and other drugs , but the reality is many will experiment with using substances no matter what . We must teach them the risks and consequences of drug use . Most overdose deaths are a result of mixing opioids and alcohol but most people do n't know that . Anyone who receives a prescription for a pain medication , knows a person misusing heroin or other opioids or who cares about keeping people alive , needs to know the incredible risks of mixing with alcohol . 4 . Good Samaritan laws for 911 callers : Most people who overdose do n't die . But the chance of surviving an overdose , like that of surviving a heart attack , depends greatly on how fast one receives medical assistance . Unfortunately people are afraid to call 911 because they do n't know if the police who respond will focus on arresting those present rather than saving someone 's life . Fourteen states and the District of Columbia have passed "  911 Good Samaritan " laws that encourage people to call for help without fear of arrest . Although it appears Hoffman was alone when he overdosed , thousands of others are not . People need to call for help . It should never be a crime to call 911 to help save a life . Philip Seymour Hoffman dead of apparent overdose 5 . Make naloxone , the antidote to an overdose , more available : Naloxone is a safe , generic , inexpensive , nonnarcotic drug that works quickly and is easy to administer . It has saved hundreds of thousands of lives but could be saving many more . Many states are just starting to take some great steps to get naloxone in the hands of more people , including law enforcement and emergency responders . Anyone who uses opioids for any reason at all should have naloxone readily available , and friends and family who know how to administer it . There 's no really good reason , moreover , why this antidote should only be available by prescription . If we really want to save lives , pharmacists should be allowed to sell it to whoever needs it . 6 . Supervised injection facilities : Dozens of cities around the world have supervised injection facilities where people can inject their drugs in a clean , safe place with medical professionals on hand . These facilities eliminate overdose fatalities , reduce dangerous drug consumption practices as well as HIV and hepatitis C , minimize the public nuisance of people using drugs in public places and more than pay for themselves by reducing the need for criminal justice and emergency medical services . It has been particularly successful in Canada . The scientific consensus demonstrating the benefits of these facilities has yet to result in one such facility being opened anywhere in the United States . It 's time already . 7 . Heroin-assisted treatment : Conventional treatments do not work for many people addicted to opioids and want to stop taking them . That 's why more than a half dozen countries in Europe and Canada have developed a second-line option : heroin-assisted treatment . With this treatment , pharmacological heroin is administered under strict controls in a clinical setting to those who have failed to succeed with other treatment options . Virtually every published evaluation of HAT has shown extremely positive outcomes : major reductions in illicit drug use , crime , disease and overdose ; and improvements in health , well-being , social reintegration and treatment retention . No one can know for sure whether Philip Seymour Hoffman would still be alive if these seven steps had been implemented , but we can be certain that far fewer Americans would die accidentally from an overdose if they were . While our country continues to mourn his death , we need to educate ourselves about the best policies and practices to reduce these tragic losses . Some of these ideas may make us uncomfortable , but we need to embrace them as soon as possible . Our sons and daughters , brothers and sisters are counting on it . The cost of a slow learning curve is simply too great . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Actor Hoffman 's death one of 105 people who die each day from overdose in U.S. They say people will use heroin or opiates no matter what , so challenge is to help people Writers : Make treatment easy , pass laws that let people call 911 without fear of arrest They say we need to educate ourselves about treatments that might sound radical but work
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former "  Desperate Housewives " actress Nicollette Sheridan slapped her lawyer in court Thursday to demonstrate how she claims show creator Marc Cherry hit her during a rehearsal . Sheridan , 48 , returns to the stand Friday after testifying all day Thursday in her legal battle with Cherry and ABC over the TV killing of a character she played on the hit comedy series for five seasons . Her wrongful termination lawsuit contends Cherry killed off Edie Britt , the sassy , blond woman Sheridan played , in retaliation for her complaints about being hit . Several of Sheridan 's former cast mates -- including Eva Longoria , Marcia Cross , James Denton , Felicity Huffman and Neal McDonough -- are on the list of witnesses expected to defend Cherry during the two week Los Angeles trial . Cherry 's lawyers argue show writers began planning Britt 's demise in May 2008 , four months before the alleged battery , as a way to shock viewers and raise ratings . The hit was just "  a light tap on the head " intended to demonstrate "  a piece of physical humor " Cherry wanted Sheridan to perform , the defense said in opening statements Wednesday . Sheridan 's dissatisfaction with her lack of lines in a scene preceded the alleged hitting incident , she testified . She wanted to recite line from a Beatles song -- "  She loves you , yeah , yeah , yeah " -- but Cherry said the music royalties would be too expensive . Without it , her exit from the scene "  was n't funny anymore , " Sheridan testified . Sheridan testified that while she explained her concerns to Cherry , the producer asked "  What is it that you want ? " Then he hit her his open right hand , she said . "  It was a nice wallop to my head . " "  It was shocking , humiliating , it was demeaning , " she said . Sheridan demonstrated the hit in slow motion on her lawyer , Patrick Maloney , but then he asked her to "  hit me as hard as you were hit . " "  I do n't want to hurt you , " Sheridan told her lawyer . The actress finally agreed to show jurors the hit in full force , sending a loud thump across the courtroom and turning Maloney 's head . "  I 'm fine , " he assured her as she apologized . Cherry apologized to her soon after the hitting incident , telling her "  I am on bended knee begging for your forgiveness , " Sheridan testified . But she did not accept it . The next day , she told show producer George Perkins she wanted a second apology and flowers from Cherry . "  I thought he could at least apologize again and send me flowers , " she said . But Cherry 's reply , delivered by Perkins , was no second apology or flowers . "  He felt the incident had been resolved , " Sheridan said he told her . Five months and 11 episodes later , Cherry informed Sheridan that Britt would die during a show taping the next day , ending her five years run on "  Desperate Housewives . " Jurors must decide if the death of Sheridan 's character and the end of her employment was illegal workplace retaliation or just a creative decision unconnected to the alleged battery incident . Cherry 's defense is expected to present notes made by show writers in May 2008 that document the various scenarios they were considering then for killing off Britt . Sheridan lawyers Mark Baute , in his opening statement Wednesday , challenge the authenticity of those writers notes , accusing Cherry 's defense of an "  effort to backdate the decision " with a fake story that the character 's death was planned months before the hitting incident . Britt is "  a very colorful character , sassy , overt , audacious , " Sheridan said . "  She has a heart , but people loved to hate her . " She made it clear to jurors she was not like the character she played . "  I think honesty is about the only thing we shared . " Jurors appeared to enjoy several clips of the show , featuring her character seducing a series of men . They laughed several times during the playing of the clips . They were also shown Britt 's death scene , in which she crashed a car into a tree and was electrocuted by a fallen power line . Cherry lawyer defense lawyer Adam Levin told jurors that TV writers must "  shock and surprise " viewers with pregnancies , affairs , marriages , divorces and deaths to "  keep them on the edge of their seats . " "  The unanticipated death of a prominent character can shock the viewing audience and energize the show , " which Levin said can "  lead to water cooler talk and media buzz , " increasing ratings . The demise of Sheridan 's character was first considered at the end of the third season , which ended with Britt 's head in a hangman 's noose , but a senior executive decided it was too soon for her to go , Levin said . Sheridan testified that the hangman 's noose scene was Cherry 's idea , prompted by ABC 's request that the season end with something "  more spectacular . " Cherry assured her that her character would "  be saved " in the next episode at the start of season four , she said . She said Cherry even told the whole cast when they gathered to start the next season 's production that "  We know one character we wo n't be killing off is Edie Britt , " because people were "  up in arms " over the possibility . The character was not initially intended to be on the show beyond the pilot episode , but Cherry decided to make her the "  blond bombshell who would sleep with the husbands of all of the wives , " he said . After five seasons , "  writers could only do so much with the character , " Levin said . "  There were only so many husbands she could sleep with . " ABC Entertainment is a defendant in the lawsuit because its executives allegedly failed to properly investigate Sheridan 's accusation that Cherry hit her and then agreed with his decision to fire her . Although a line producer reported the incident to the studio 's human resources department , there was no investigation until an ABC senior executive saw a National Inquirer story about it at a grocery store two months later , Baute said . What followed was a "  fake " investigation designed "  to protect the money machine known as ` Desperate Housewives , ' " he said . "  Nobody wants the ` Desperate Housewives ' applecart turned upside down . " The human resources investigator never interviewed Cherry or Sheridan about the incident , only three people who worked for Cherry , Baute said . Contracts introduced during Sheridan 's testimony revealed that she is still getting royalties from the show , even for the last three seasons after her termination .	NEW : Nicollette Sheridan returns to the witness stand Friday in her case against producer Marc Cherry NEW : Her lawyer asks Sheridan to show on him in full force how she says Marc Cherry hit her on "  Desperate Housewives " set NEW : "  It was shocking , humiliating , it was demeaning , " she said . It was "  a light tap on the head " to demonstrate "  physical humor , " Cherry 's lawyer says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is not often that football players are actively encouraged to play dirty -- unless of course they are taking part in a unique variant of the game called "  Swamp Soccer " when it is virtually unavoidable . The competition is fierce in the 2009 Swamp Soccer World Championship held in Scotland Originating from the bogs of Finland , the game was started by cross-country skiers who used the football matches in knee-deep mud to strengthen their leg muscles . The first tournament took place in 1997 with 13 teams , but now annual events take place in Sweden , Iceland , Russia and Brazil which can often feature over 200 teams . What do you think of Swamp Soccer ? Do you prefer Beach Football of another form of the game ? Let us know your thoughts on the ` Sound off ' box below . Glasgow Rangers fan Stewart Miller imported the concept to the United Kingdom after a chance meeting with founder Jyrki Vaananen while on a business trip to Iceland . Miller launched the first UK tournament in 2005 and now teams travel from all over the globe to the Scottish village of Strachur to try and become the annual Swamp Soccer World Champions . Watch the action from the bog " . "  We had teams coming from as far afield as Australia and New Zealand to take part in the tournament this year so there is an international flavor to the event , " Miller told CNN . "  There is a huge appetite to try out new things and I think that 's why Swamp Soccer is able to capture the imagination of people . "  The basic rules of football also apply to Swamp Soccer with the exception that matches are played in thick mud with six players on an oversized five-a-side pitch . "  It 's probably one of the only sports in the world where the worse the conditions are the better the sporting spectacle ! " There is no offside in Swamp Soccer while kick-offs , throw-ins , corner kicks , free kicks and penalties are taken by using the hands to drop the ball onto a chosen foot . Teams are also allowed to make unlimited substitutions although no shoe changing is allowed for the match duration . Miller believes that the oft-used quote that the state of a pitch can bridge the gap between two unevenly match teams is even more applicable with Swamp Soccer . "  You could put the Brazilian national side up against an amateur team and you would n't know who would come out on top -- the pitch really does prove to be a leveler in this instance , " he said . "  Although professional footballers are precious commodities these days -- I 'm not sure we 'll see any stars getting caked in mud too soon , most of them are far to pampered for that . "  Nobody 's ever been injured seriously playing in the swamp , sometimes somebody 's got a cut or two but nothing big -- so maybe when they retire from the game they might be prepared to give it a go . " The imaginatively titled Real Mudrid , Mudchesthair United and Cowdungbeath were unable to make it past the group stages in the 44-team event which was won by FC Full Gunge from Poole in England who retained their title with a 1-0 victory over The Chocolate Men . This year 's Swamp Soccer tournament was held in a village in the Scottish countryside but Miller revealed that he intends to bring the mud game to metropolitan areas . He added : "  The future for Swamp Soccer is in the city and of course I 'm certain we 'll bring all the mud with us . It will certainly make a great spectacle if set up a swamp in the middle of Glasgow or Edinburgh , so watch this space . " If you are interested in taking part in the 2010 Swamp Soccer World Championships visit the official Web site of the tournament .	Swamp Soccer was started by cross-country skiers on the bogs of Finland The 2009 World Championships have just been held in Strachur , Scotland Competitors came from all over the world to take part in the tournament
CNN  -- No U.S. troops were killed in Iraq in August , marking the first month without an American military death there since the United States invaded the country in 2003 . A total of 4,464 American troops have died in Iraq since the invasion , including 56 since the United States declared an end of combat operations exactly a year ago , according to a CNN analysis of Pentagon statistics . But none died in August , either due to hostile action or from accidents . That 's in stark contrast to the American mission in Afghanistan , where August was the deadliest month since the invasion nearly 10 years ago . At least 66 Americans died there in August , a tally pushed to record levels by the death of 30 troops in a single helicopter crash August 6 . While the United States pulled its combat troops from Iraq last year , between 46,000 and 50,000 troops have remained to provide support and training . They have a January 1 , 2012 , deadline to withdraw , but the United States is widely expected to agree to some kind of limited extension of training personnel and equipment . For Iraqis , August saw the worst wave of violence to strike the country in months . On August 15 , for example , a barrage of attacks across the country killed at least 84 people and wounded more than 200 .	More than 4,400 American troops have died in Iraq -- but not a single one in August Afghanistan , on the other hand , saw a record number of U.S. deaths in August
CNN  -- President Obama is "  deeply concerned " about the growing number of deadly attacks on U.S. forces by Afghan security forces , and plans to contact the Afghan president to discuss taking tougher actions , he said Monday . "  I 'll be reaching out to President  Hamid  Karzai , " Obama told reporters at the White House , adding , "  We 've got to make sure that we 're on top of this . " Obama spoke Monday with Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The top U.S. military official is in Afghanistan for meetings with coalition and Afghan leaders , including Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO forces , and Afghan Army Gen. Sher Mohammad Karimi , Dempsey 's counterpart in the country . There has been some success , including better counterintelligence , Obama said . "  But obviously we 're going to have to do more . " "  And hopefully over the next several weeks we 'll start seeing better progress on this front , " he added . An incident Sunday brought the death toll in attacks by Afghan military and police personnel this year to 40 , according to U.S. military officials . Twenty-three of those killed were Americans , according to the U.S. Defense Department . The NATO death toll in what the military is now calling "  insider attacks " is already higher than it was last year , according to statistics compiled by the New America Foundation , a public policy think tank . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Friday that 39 people had been killed in these attacks in 2012 . That was before Sunday 's attack killed one ISAF service member . The exact number of attacks remains unclear . While the U.S. military said there have been 40 insider attacks this year , ISAF tweeted last week that there had been 27 such attacks this year . There have been two more since that tweet . An ISAF spokesman told CNN on Friday there had been 31 such attacks before Sunday 's attack . NATO and the United States say the vast majority of the attacks are not the work of the Taliban or insurgent groups . "  Some 10 % we know are related to the insurgency , " Brig. Gen. Gunter Katz , a spokesman for the ISAF , said last week . An April report by the U.S. Defense Department said , "  Investigations have determined that a large majority of green-on-blue attacks are not attributable to insurgent infiltration of the ANSF , but are due to isolated personal grievances against coalition personnel . There is no indication that these recent attacks are part of a deliberate effort by insurgents , nor were they coordinated with each other . " The term "  green-on-blue " refers to a color coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to the friendly force , in this case ISAF ; and green refers to an allied friendly forces , in this case Afghan National Security Forces . When investigators traveled to the attackers ' home villages to investigate what was known about them , the information they collected led them to believe most of the attackers were generally not aligned with an insurgent group , but had their own grievances , military officials say . But the motivations of about half the attackers are difficult to determine definitively because the perpetrator is dead or has fled , CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen and Jennifer Rowland of the New America Foundation write in a column on CNN.com . Some of the incidents appear to have taken place after arguments between Afghan and international troops , the column notes . Last year , U.S. military behavioral scientist Jeffrey Bordin interviewed more than 600 Afghan soldiers and police and found they held overwhelmingly negative perceptions of Western soldiers , stemming from incidents including alleged indiscriminate shootings that killed civilians and the public searching of Afghan soldiers outside NATO bases , as well as U.S. soldiers urinating in public or cursing at their Afghan counterparts , Bergen and Rowland write . "  Another likely cause of the increase in the number of green-on-blue incidents is straightforward : In the past two years the size of the Afghan army and police force has almost doubled from around 200,000 to around 350,000 , " the column says . Afghan President Hamid Karzai spoke Sunday with U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . "  They expressed shared concern over this issue and agreed that American and Afghan officials should work even more closely together to minimize the potential for insider attacks in the future , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said . Dempsey , in a statement Monday , said Karzai 's public statement condemning insider attacks was "  tremendously important , and I hope it permeates to the lowest levels of the Afghan government and military . " Afghan police are most likely to launch such attacks , Dempsey said . "  The vulnerability of local police to  terrorist  influence is great . ... They do n't move around the country the way the Army does , so they live at the point of corruption . I 'm sure that 's the case here too . " Officials are examining the vetting process for Afghan soldiers and police "  and investigating where it failed , " a Defense Department statement said . All troops at NATO headquarters and all bases across the country have been ordered to carry loaded weapons around the clock , CNN learned Friday . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says he will talk to President Karzai about the issue NEW : Obama spoke with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who is in Afghanistan Only about 10 % of the attacks are related to the insurgency , military officials say "  Vulnerability of local police to  terrorist  influence is great , " the U.S. top military official says
CNN  -- Hungry for the comforting food you grew up with ? Thanks to some enterprising online retailers , your favorite regional flavors may be just a click away . Cookbook authors Matt and Ted Lee now split their time between New York and their childhood hometown of Charleston , South Carolina . But adjusting to the Big Apple was n't easy at first for the two brothers . During their first New York winter in 1994 , the Lee brothers suffered from serious twinges of homesickness . They sought solace in a childhood favorite -- the unroasted , saltwater-boiled peanuts sold by roadside vendors back home . After procuring 50 pounds of raw peanuts from a Bronx produce market , they set a portion to boiling in a stockpot on the stove . "  Within minutes of our return , the apartment began to fill with steam that smelled like hay , sweet potatoes and tea ; about eight hours later , we were cracking the peanut shells , with brine running over our hands , and slurping the nuts down , " the two wrote in their James Beard Award-winning "  The Lee Bros. . Southern Cookbook "  W.W. Norton & Co.  . The heavenly taste of the peanuts transported them home . "  Their earthy , beanlike flavor , in that cramped room overlooking the heroin dealers and hipsters on Ludlow Street , conjured up the creek banks and marshes south of Charleston . The feeling of having cheated geography through food was exhilarating , " they wrote . A legume-selling obsession began as the brothers sought to share the special treat . The Lees took to the streets -- and then a printed catalog and eventually set up a website , boiledpeanuts.com -- selling the peanuts and other regional staples such as sorghum molasses , pickled artichokes and watermelon rind and stone-ground grits to displaced Southerners all over the country . But the South hardly has a corner on marketing to hometown appetites in other states . A server at the Who 's On Third Deli & Grill in Spring Lake , New Jersey , was recently overheard advising a former native about where to buy the region 's signature processed ham , known as pork roll . Said she , "  I know there 's a website that sells it to people who miss it . Wish I 'd thought of that -- I 'd make a million dollars . " She 'd have to woo customers away from other pork roll online providers such as Jersey Boy Pork Roll , House of Pork Roll and Jersey Pork Roll -- all of which cater to the tastes of transplanted Garden Staters , with the latter offering East Coast favorites such as Tastykake and Drake 's snack cakes , Fralinger 's Salt Water Taffy and Sabrett 's hot dogs . The website hones hunger pangs with a page sharing loyal patrons ' memories of Taylor Pork Roll . Grateful customer Lynn Cruse of Lock Haven , Pennsylvania , remembers her family 's yearly stop at Atlantic City 's Taylor Pork Roll booth . "  Dad , a connoisseur of all delicious foods , felt the experience was worth the expense . We would each get a sandwich and I remember eating it as slowly as I could , savoring each delicious bite , knowing the memory of the sandwich would have to last a whole year . Although my dad passed several years ago , when I savor one of your delicious pork roll sandwiches , I feel him with me . " Soda fans misty for New England 's classic Moxie , Kentucky 's Ale-8-1 or Michigan favorite Vernors Ginger Ale can get their fix via Virginia Beach-based online retailer , the aptly named The Hard To Find Grocer . The company , founded in 1996 , specializes in regional favorites that traditional grocery stores might not sell enough of to justify shelf room . As the physical space is a warehouse not open to the public , there 's plenty of room for New Orleans ' Zatarain 's Creole Mustard and Greenville , South Carolina 's Duke 's Mayonnaise -- an essential in many Southern recipes -- alongside pickles from Toledo 's Tony Packo 's and Rhode Island 's indigenous coffee syrup Autocrat . Devotees of particular products can either click over to aggregators of regional products , such as cincinnatifavorites , cajungrocer , tastesofchicago , newyorkfirst or themississippigiftcompany or go straight to the source . Classic brands such as North Carolina 's Cheerwine soft drink and Chattanooga Bakery 's MoonPie , both established in the early 1900s , have embraced online marketing and selling to keep up with the demands of their widespread clientele . And these indulgences come at a price . Often , small producers can not ship throughout the entire year -- for instance vendors of Buffalo 's Sponge Candy can not subject their delicate , heat-sensitive delicacy to higher temperatures throughout the summer -- or must tack on shipping charges that may be equal or higher than the items being shipped . Still , homesick eaters are more than willing to shell out for their beloved treats . "  Nostalgia is a major ingredient , and then the comforting effect that familiar foods have on the psyche . We tend to take the flavors of our upbringing for granted until we move away -- then they become priceless experiences , " Ted Lee told CNN . Some favorite dishes do n't translate to those who did n't grow up treasuring them . This writer 's husband was less than impressed by the the traditional Cincinnati-style , Greek-influenced Skyline Chili she 'd ordered online and served as a "  Four Way " with cheese and onions over spaghetti , while she blanches at the sugar shock of his beloved North Carolina sweet tea . But that 's not the end of the world . It just means you wo n't have to share your favorites .	Some regional treats are a comforting taste of home if you live elsewhere These include boiled peanuts from the South , New Jersey 's pork rolls , Ohio 's chili Some online venders will ship regional favorites to your door
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain called Monday for the United States to lead a military coalition to help the Syrian opposition rid the country of President Bashar al-Assad . "  The Syrian opposition needs to know that the United States stands with them and that we are willing to take risks to support them when they need it the most , " the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank in Washington . "  Inaction denies us the opportunity to have influence with forces in Syria who will one day inherit the country , ceding that to foreign states that may not always share our values . " McCain took aim at what he said is the Obama administration 's toothless policy of calling for al-Assad to step aside . "  To say they are leading from behind is too general , " he said . "  That suggests they are leading . They are just behind . " The Obama administration and much of the rest of the world have put their hopes of ending the 15 months of bloodshed on a peace plan put forth by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy Kofi Annan . But that has failed to achieve results . The Republican senator from Arizona accused the administration , "  in its desperation , " of now appearing to be placing its hopes on persuading the Russian government to push al-Assad from power . President Obama was meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday at the G-20 meeting in Los Cabos , Mexico . "  Russia is unlikely to ever support a policy of regime change in Syria , " he said . Syria-bound Russian cargo ship loses insurance The opposition , without help from the United States , has recently improved its military abilities and appears to be well enough organized to make use of outside support , he said . Though some foreign military assistance appears to be reaching the opposition , it is not enough to be decisive , and may just prolong the crisis , which could prove detrimental , McCain said . "  Nearly every Syrian I speak with tells me the same thing : the longer this conflict drags on , the more radicalized it becomes and the more it turns into an escalating civil war . " Failure to act could result in Syria becoming a failed state , riven by extremist violence and sectarian conflict , he said . McCain said any military aid should not include U.S. ground forces , but should include military might from allies of the United States , such as European and Arab countries . Already , some analysts say that opposition forces may be creating some areas of de facto control , along the border with Turkey and in eastern Syria , McCain said . One option would be for the opposition to declare those areas liberated , then call for external support in defending them , he said . "  Once defended , these safe havens could become platforms , staging areas for armed opposition groups , " he said . McCain rejected characterizations of the current state of affairs inside Syria as a civil war . "  It 's not a civil war because all the military strength is on one side , and not the other , " he said . "  At least we ought to give them a chance to have a fair fight . " How dictators have evolved with the times	"  Give them a chance to have a fair fight , " McCain says The Republican accuses the Obama administration of failing to lead "  They are just behind , " he says Obama is meeting with Putin at the G-20 summit
CNN  -- A total of 46 inmates were injured during a prison riot at the North Fork Correctional Facility in western Oklahoma , but there were no fatalities , prison officials said Wednesday . Multiple fights had broken out in the 2,500-bed facility on Tuesday , but order was restored and the facility was completely locked down , according to a statement by Corrections Corporation of America , which runs the prison . As of Wednesday there were no reports of staff injuries , CCA said . Regarding the injuries , 16 inmates were transported to facilities outside the prison for treatment , including one who has already returned to the facility . Another 30 inmates were treated on-site by medical staff , CCA said . While the riot was taking place , a morgue was set up in a tent outside the prison , though there were no fatalities . Aerial video of the scene from CNN affiliate KOCO showed armed officials holding prisoners at gunpoint . The prison is located in Sayre , about halfway between Oklahoma City and Amarillo , Texas . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	There were multiple fights reported inside North Fork Correctional Facility Forty-six were injured , but there were no fatalities The facility is back in order , prison officials say
CNN  -- The most important decision Mitt Romney has made in his campaign so far , the selection of Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan for his running mate , tells us two things -- and neither bears good news for the middle class . First , Romney has fully and unequivocally embraced the extreme Ryan budget plan . Earlier this year , he called it "  marvelous " -- now he 's made it his own . The Romney-Ryan plan would throw seniors under the bus and undermine their health security by ending Medicare as we know it . It would increase health care costs for seniors , including those on fixed income , by thousands of dollars a year . The extreme plan proposed by this year 's Republican ticket would bring huge tax breaks to millionaires , paid for by tax hikes on the middle class , and massive cuts to investments that strengthen the middle class -- priorities like education , health care , energy and scientific and medical research . Whether you are a college student trying to pay for school , a veteran worried about your health benefits , or a senior worried about retirement security , the Romney-Ryan plan is bad news . It would have devastating real-world effects on people young and old across the country . By the numbers : Paul Ryan Romney and Ryan have put ideology ahead of what 's right . They refuse to increase taxes on the wealthiest Americans under any circumstance -- not another dime , ever . Unlike the Bowles-Simpson deficit reduction plan or the president 's balanced plan to reduce the deficit that include asking everyone to pay their fair share , the Romney-Ryan budget would reduce the deficit on the backs of seniors and the middle class . Even the U.S. Conference of Bishops admonished the Romney-Ryan plan . So did a group of nuns who recently traveled by bus across the country with the message that our budget is not just our country 's fiscal map , it is our moral one . They rightly pointed out that , as it says in Corinthians , "  If one part suffers , every part suffers with it , if one part is honored , every part rejoices with it . " On the political front , Ryan 's selection is yet another sign that Romney is running to the far right and is the most extreme conservative candidate we have had in generations . The embrace of an ideologue like Paul Ryan may appeal to the Republican Party 's Tea Party base , but it will completely alienate independent voters , especially in battleground states . Opinion : Paul Ryan and Gen X GOP Seniors in Ohio and Florida have every reason to worry what a Romney-Ryan administration would do to them when Medicare is handed over to private insurance companies and Social Security is subject to the whims of Wall Street . Voters should also consider that , even as our nation faces threats of terrorism and remains at war , for the first time in modern presidential history the Republican ticket lacks any national security credentials . It 's no coincidence , then , that its views on national security are dangerous and ill-considered . Any voter wondering about our leaders ' values should consider what they do in the room when the tough decisions are on the table . While President Obama was in the Oval Office , making the toughest calls any president has had to make -- how to save the economy from depression , rescue the American auto industry , bring affordable health care to millions of Americans or take out Osama bin Laden -- Paul Ryan was in a different room . How Romney campaign kept Ryan tap under wraps He was sitting side-by-side with fellow House Republican ideologues John Boehner and Eric Cantor as they risked the full faith and credit of the United States , regardless of what it would mean for the middle class , jobs and women 's rights . If there ever was a question about what this election is about , today 's announcement answers it . Throughout this campaign , Mitt Romney has lacked a clear vision . Now he 's embraced a radical ideologue with a dangerous one . This election is absolutely a choice between two visions for our country 's future . Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan have solidified their roles as rubber stamps for the reckless and failed economic theories of the past . Watch CNN tonight at 7 and 10 ET for an in-depth look at Paul Ryan and the next steps for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Romney 's pick of Ryan running mate an embrace of Ryan 's radical budget plan She says it 's bad news for middle class ; plan would hurt seniors , poor , help rich on taxes She says even Catholics object to cuts ; ticket 's lack of national security experience dangerous Brazile : Romney has shown his vision continues reckless , failed economic theories of the past
Washington  CNN  -- NASA launched a satellite Friday , starting a three-year mission to help better understand climate change . NASA sent the Aquarius/SAC-D Sea Surface Salinity satellite into orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . For the next three years , the Aquarius satellite will look back at Earth and generate monthly maps of sea salt movements , data that are crucial to the understanding of global climate change and ocean currents . The project will give scientists the information they need to better predict El Nino and La Nina tropical climate patterns in the Pacific . Until now , such research has been limited to ship and buoy instrumentation . The long-term project , which began in 2001 , is the culmination of a joint effort between NASA and Argentina 's National Space Activities Commission . Program executive Eric Ianson said the launch "  represents a great leap forward for the two agencies and  their  collaborations . " The Delta II rocket carried an Argentine-built satellite with American data-gathering instruments . The mission will also serve as an environmental data-gathering project for Brazil , France , Italy and Canada . It was delayed once this week because of a guidance computer problem . The $ 287 million satellite will provide insights into water circulation and changes around the globe by measuring the microwave energy emitted from the ocean during weekly scans . The mission begins to fulfill part of President Barack Obama 's 2010 pledge to focus NASA more on "  science that will garner tangible benefits , helping us to protect our environment for future generations . " Aquarius is the 14th NASA Earth Science satellite in space . CNN 's Veronica Foreman contributed to this report .	NEW : Aquarius Sea Surface Salinity satellite launched Friday It will generate maps of sea salt movements to aid the understanding of climate change Project is a joint effort with the Argentine space agency
When Washington 's police chief visited wounded officer Scott Williams after the Navy Yard shooting it was n't a chief visiting a subordinate . It was one cop visiting another cop . "  She called him Scotty , " said Washington Mayor Vincent Gray . "  She 's known him almost his entire career . " Chief Cathy Lanier has spent her entire law enforcement career , since 1990 , with the Washington Metropolitan Police Department . She 's risen from patrol officer to district commander and then chief in 2007 . Lanier has come as far in her personal life as she has in her professional life . She was a teenage mom who dropped out of high school , married , separated and -- for a time -- was on food stamps . Opinion : When the top cop is a woman Today , her educational accomplishments include a high school equivalency credential , two graduate degrees and a certification in hazardous material operations . But Lanier does n't shy away from her back story . She uses it to inspire and mentor Washington youths . "  She had the fortitude to pick herself up and get a GED and that 's a great role model for D.C. , " said Joe Persichini , who has known Lanier for a decade through his work at the FBI and now the D.C. Police Foundation . "  She 's been through all the difficulties that many people have been through and benefited mightily from it , " Gray said . Those difficulties were the theme of her speech when sworn in as chief . Some thought Lanier might speak of police tactics and her vision for management . Instead , she told her personal story and thanked her mother and son , both in attendance . "  You were the one person who never gave up on me or were embarrassed or ashamed of me , even when maybe you should have been , " Lanier joked to her mother from the stage . Her early life experiences "  really helped her grow into a mature leader , " Gray said . She 's also a leader with the respect of her officers and community , according to Persichini . "  That sense of accomplishment and confidence exudes from her and I think the public has great trust in her . And that 's very hard to do . " 5 trailblazing women	Lanier has come as far in her personal life as she has in her professional life She has been on the DC police force since 1990 , rising through the ranks Chief is humble and uses her back story to motivate youth in Washington
CNN  -- Edward Gough Whitlam , the former Australian Prime Minister who strengthened ties abroad , has died , the Australian government said Monday . At 98 years old , he was the longest-lived Prime Minister in Australia 's history . He served as the country 's 21st Prime Minister , from 1972 to 1975 . "  We remember his lifetime of service to Australia in the Royal Australian Air Force , as a parliamentarian , as Prime Minister and as an ambassador , " the government announcement said . "  Gough Whitlam was a giant of his time . " Under his leadership , Australia entered into a number of international agreements that shaped Australia 's economy . Whitlam established diplomatic relations between Australia and China , and was the first Australian Prime Minister to visit there , according to the government statement . China is now Australia 's largest trading partner . People we 've lost in 2014	Former Australian Prime Minister Edward Gough Whitlam has passed away Whitlam , who was 98 , was Australia 's longest-lived Prime Minister He is remembered for the international links he created
CNN  -- A vessel carrying about 100,000 gallons of petroleum products struck a submerged object and was sinking in the Mississippi River on Monday night . Officials closed a section of the river near LeClaire , Iowa , to deal with the oil that was discharging from the towboat , the Coast Guard said . Nine crew members were aboard the 144-foot Stephen L. Colby when the accident occurred . All were able to make it to safety . The cause is under investigation .	Coast Guard trying to contain the situation The cause under investigation
CNN  -- There are "  a lot of scare tactics in play here , " Steve Butler , protagonist of the new anti-hydraulic-fracturing film "  Promised Land , " warns a local politician skeptical of the benefits of hydraulic fracturing . Played by Matt Damon , Butler is an earnest salesman for the energy giant Global Crosspower Solutions , bent on convincing a rural town in Pennsylvania that hydraulic fracturing will save its outdated agrarian economy from collapse . At first glance , Butler seems like a savior to the town , promising poor , unemployed farmers an economic renaissance . But he quickly becomes a villain -- a henchman of the big , bad corporation out to exploit the destitute and uninformed through bribes and get-rich-quick promises . That is , until a wizened old man  representing the film 's voice of justice  stands up to Butler at a town meeting and exposes the alleged dangers of hydraulic fracturing that Butler was covering up . The town , taken aback , puts its hydraulic fracturing decision up for vote . Butler feels confident in his ability to persuade the town until an anti-fracking environmentalist named Dustin Noble appears on the scene . Noble is David taking on Goliath , saying he wants to stop Butler because Global 's fracking allegedly destroyed his family 's longstanding farm with water contamination . With charm and wit , Noble wins over the town and leaves Butler at the point of despair . But then the film takes an unexpected twist . I wo n't give away the film 's ending , except to say that its anti-fracking message relies predominantly on -- to use Butler 's own words -- scare tactics . Never once does the audience see hydraulic fracturing in action or even a well or the controversial wastewater . "  Promised Land " lacks any substantive scientific evidence illustrating the alleged dangers of fracking . Obeidallah : Hollywood movies can  mis  educate us Instead , the film falls back on many conventional anti-capitalist themes . The "  only reason you 're here is 'cause we 're poor , " declares a farmer to Butler at one point . Of course , what the film does not explain is the incredible economic revolution that hydraulic fracturing has already brought to much of America . From 2008 to 2011 , natural gas production in the U.S. has risen a staggering 10 % , according to a recent report from the International Energy Agency . The U.S. Energy Information Administration predicts U.S. natural gas production will increase 44 % by 2040 , thanks in large part to increased shale gas production made available by hydraulic fracturing . The energy boom is bringing jobs and increased tax revenues back to rural America and not just to the pockets of big energy companies , as Damon and his co-writers would have you believe . Inflation-adjusted income in America 's rural areas is up 3.8 % per person since 2007 , while it has declined in urban areas . The unemployment rate in North Dakota , home of much of the Bakken shale reserves , is a stunningly low 3.1 % . And contrary to Damon and company 's screed , it 's not all about the money . Many states , such as Texas and Oklahoma , use the tax revenues from oil and gas to fund state education projects , health care obligations and rainy-day funds . As to the controversy surrounding the environmental safety of hydraulic fracturing , "  Promised Land " offers little credible , scientific evidence to illustrate the alleged dangers of hydraulic fracturing . It 's worth noting -- because "  Promised Land " does not -- the head of the Environmental Protection Administration , Lisa Jackson , is on record as saying , "  In no case have we made a definitive determination that the fracking process has caused chemicals to enter ground water . " Furthermore , Jackson said in February , "  Fracking technology  is perfectly capable of being clean . It requires smart regulation , smart rules of the road . " A monumental energy revolution is under way in this country . And while industry leaders and politicians are debating the best way to effectively and safely bring the benefits of this revolution to millions of Americans , Damon and his colleagues instead aim to frighten the potential benefactors of this revolution . Clearly we can not take this energy revolution for granted . "  Promised Land " will not be the last of its kind . The public deserves to know the truth about America 's energy potential . By freeing up more state and federal lands for drilling , cutting unnecessary , burdensome restrictions while protecting wells and ground water with safe and smart regulations , every American might soon get his own slice of the real promised land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : The new Matt Damon movie "  Promised Land " tells anti-fracking tale He says film 's message relies on scare tactics and anti-capitalist theme , offers little support He says fracking bringing U.S. economic boon ; even EPA chief says it can be clean process Bennett : Freeing public land for well-regulated drilling will benefit Americans
CNN  -- A Cirque du Soleil performance left a Beijing audience audibly shocked when a banned image of the iconic Tiananmen "  tank man " protester was displayed on giant screens in front of 15,000 people . The politically-charged image -- of a sole , unarmed protester blocking a line of tanks during a 1989 government crackdown in Tiananmen Square -- was displayed for about four seconds as part of a montage of protest imagery during a performance of Michael Jackson 's "  They Do n't Care About Us , " according to a post on That 's Beijing magazine 's website . "  The result was an audible collective gasp from the audience , " wrote That 's Beijing 's editor , Stephen George , in a post which has since been deleted . "  The very fact it was displayed , so publicly and on such a large movie theater screen in front of so many people -- and in Beijing , of all places -- felt genuinely quite radical , " he wrote . "  As my friend commented , ' I ca n't imagine ever being witness to that image being shown in Beijing again , even if I stay here for another 50 years . ' " The image -- and any mention of the massacre itself -- is banned in China , raising questions of how it made it into the show past the attention of government censors . Cirque du Soleil 's publicist Laura Silverman said that "  the image was removed immediately and is no longer shown " in the show , the South China Morning Post reported . It quoted her as saying the Canadian performance troupe had submitted the full show for prior approval by the Chinese Ministry of Culture , as visiting performers are required . "  Our scheduled performances will go on as planned , " she was quoted as saying . The incident occurred during the first night of a three-night run of the troupe 's Michael Jackson : The Immortal World Tour . Subsequent performances proceeded without the "  tank man " image . The show continues its China run in Shanghai Friday , before moving to Hong Kong the following week . The incident made barely a ripple on Chinese social media , although one user of the Twitter-like Sina Weibo service took offence at the image 's inclusion . "  Why ca n't you separate politics and art ? " read the comment . "  What would the Americans think if you put a photo of the collapsing World Trade Center in the show ? Keep it out of the performance , stupid French Canadians ! " CNN 's CY Xu contributed to this report .	Cirque du Soleil shocked a Beijing audience by screening an image of "  tank man " The politically-charged image of the sole protester defying tanks in Tiananmen is banned in China The troupe says the show 's content was approved ahead of time by Chinese censors It has removed the image from its remaining Chinese performances
London  CNN  -- Decades after the crime , police are investigating what could be a clue to the burial place of the last unrecovered victim of one of Britain 's most notorious killers , "  Moors Murderer " Ian Brady . Keith Bennett was just 12 years old when he went missing on June 16 , 1964 , in northern England on his way to visit his grandmother . Brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 for three other child murders committed with the help of his partner Myra Hindley , admitted killing the boy in 1987 but has never disclosed the whereabouts of his body . The other four victims were buried on Saddleworth Moor , a lonely upland expanse in the Pennine hills , near Manchester . Keith 's mother , Winnie Johnson , has spent the decades since he vanished searching for her lost son but is herself gravely ill . Now , police are investigating claims that Brady may recently have given details of the burial spot to one of his longtime visitors , in a sealed letter to be passed to Johnson after Brady 's death . The information came to light when a documentary filmmaker interviewed a woman who has been acting as Brady 's mental health adviser , the Press Association news agency reported . A 49-year-old woman was arrested in South Wales on Thursday on suspicion of preventing the burial of a body without lawful exercise , and has been released on bail pending further inquiries , a Greater Manchester Police statement said . Documents have also been seized from the address and are being examined , police said . In the statement , Martin Bottomley , head of the force 's cold case review team , cautioned against leaping to conclusions but said police were taking the lead seriously . "  I want to be explicitly clear about this : Ian Brady has not revealed to police the location of Keith 's body , " he said . "  What we are looking at is the possibility , and at this stage it is only a possibility , that he has written a letter to Keith 's mum Winnie Johnson which was not to be opened until after his death . We do not know if this is true or simply a ruse , but we clearly have a duty to investigate such information on behalf of Keith 's family . "  Since Keith was so cruelly taken away all those years ago , our thoughts have always been with his family as they try to come to terms with what happened . All they want is to finally be able to lay Keith to rest . " The Moors murders have cast "  a long and dark shadow " over the area , he said . Police have been in contact with Keith Bennett 's family and staff at Ashworth Hospital , the high-security psychiatric institution where Brady is held . He has refused food for the past 12 years , in a bid to die , and is fed through a tube , the Press Association reports . Brady and Hindley were taken by police to Saddleworth Moor to look for the bodies of Bennett and another victim , 16-year-old Pauline Reade , after they admitted those killings in 1987 , the news agency says . However , only Reade 's remains were found . Keith 's brother , Alan Bennett , runs the family 's Searching for Keith website , where information about the case is posted , as well as pictures of the family taken before the tragedy . "  He was a son , a brother , a friend and should have been a father , grandfather and maybe a great-grandfather . He should have been whatever he wanted to be , " Alan Bennett writes . A police poster appealing for information that was put up in shops and windows at the time Keith went missing shows a cheerful , bespectacled boy . Johnson is quoted on the website as saying : "  My greatest hope in this life from the day he left is to have him home , I now accept he is not alive but I still believe I have the right as his mother to give him a Christian burial . "	12-year-old Keith Bennett was a victim of notorious killer Ian Brady in 1964 Brady admitted his murder in 1987 but has not revealed the location of the body Police are investigating the possibility he has put the information in a sealed letter The boy 's mother has never given up hope of finding his body but is seriously ill
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- President Bush surveyed this week 's bridge collapse in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and pledged the government would "  eliminate roadblocks " and "  cut through paperwork " to get it rebuilt . "  I bring prayers from the American people to those who have suffered loss of life as a result of the collapse of the 35W bridge in the Twin Cities . I bring prayers to those who wonder whether they 'll ever see a loved one again , " Bush said on his visit . "  I have met with the chief of police and the sheriff and rescue workers -- people who represent men and women working as hard as they possibly can to save life and to find life -- to go under these murky waters to find the facts . And it 's going to take awhile . " Shortly after Bush left the site , a diver bobbed in the water and communicated with an attending boat with hand signals . "  I have been impressed not only by their determination but by their compassion , " the president said . Watch Bush tour the disaster site " "  We want to get this bridge rebuilt as quick as possible . We understand that this is a main artery , " Bush said . "  People depend on this bridge , on this highway . " Bush was accompanied by Transportation Secretary Mary Peters , who pledged that she would do what she could to meet the needs of the city . On Friday , the chief federal investigator said the south end of the bridge "  behaved differently " from the rest of the structure during its catastrophic collapse . National Transportation Safety Board Chairman Mark Rosenker said , based on a video of the collapse and where the bridge debris lies , the southern end shifted 50 feet to the east . "  And when we compare that to what we 've seen in the rest of the bridge , the rest of the bridge appears to have collapsed in place , " Rosenker told reporters . Rosenker cautioned that investigators ' interest in the southern end does not mean they have found the cause of the bridge collapse . "  What we have is a step forward , " he said . "  We believe that as the bridge began to fall , as it began to collapse , it shifted , " Rosenker said . "  I am not saying that the 50-foot shift created the fall . That is not what we believe . What we believe is whatever created the failure , we also saw a 50-foot shift in the southern end of the structure . " Rosenker would not offer any theories on what caused the collapse , saying that would come after the 19 investigators have completed their analysis . See which states have most troubled bridges " The 1,907-foot bridge came down Wednesday in a cloud of dust and river water during the evening rush hour . Divers searched the river throughout Friday , locating 12 submerged or partially submerged vehicles , Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek said . While no bodies were found , two of the vehicles were so badly crushed that divers could not check inside . Five people were confirmed to have died in the collapse . View photos from the disaster " "  I 'm hopeful that the death toll will remain low , but I ca n't be absolutely certain , " Stanek said . "  I can only pray . " The Hennepin County medical examiner 's office Friday identified a fifth victim as Paul Eickstadt , 51 , of Mounds View , Minnesota , who was the driver of the tractor-trailer that was ablaze in the immediate aftermath of the collapse . The other four victims were previously identified . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .	NEW : President pledges to get bridge rebuilt "  as quick as possible " NEW : Transportation secretary promises help for city 's transit needs Bush praises people who disregarded danger to help victims Federal investigator notes 50-foot shift of part of bridge
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has admitted he is unlikely to play again this year as he set his sights on a return from injury at January 's Australian Open . The former world No. 1 has been sidelined with tendonitis -- inflammation in the knee -- since withdrawing from July 's Olympic tournament and has not played since losing to unseeded Czech Lukas Rosol in Wimbledon 's second round . Eleven-time grand slam winner Nadal refused to rule out playing in Spain 's Davis Cup final match against Czech Republic in November , but admits it could be difficult to force himself into the team after a three-month absence . "  My biggest goal is to compete at Australian Open , " the 26-year-old Spaniard told CNN Espanol , referring to the first grand slam of 2013 . "  About the Davis Cup final , of course I would love to take part in it , but first I have to see if I will be ready technically and physically . "  We would have to ask whether I am the right choice to compete in a Spanish team that has been long preparing for this important tie considering also the months I have spent without playing . But that 's a decision that it 's not mine . " Nadal has won the Davis Cup on three previous occasions , in 2004 , 2009 and 2011 , but missed out on Spain 's 2008 triumph with a previous knee complaint . "  Let 's take it one day at a time , " added the former world No. 1 . "  I 'd rather be cautious especially after trying to recover for the London Olympics and for the US Open with no success . "  I prefer to go day-by-day without setting objectives or time frames , work hard on my recovery and make sure I keep on getting better little by little . " Nadal has been forced to watch from the sidelines as longtime rival Roger Federer returned to the top of the world rankings after winning a seventh Wimbledon singles title . He has also seen Britain 's Andy Murray , who won the men 's singles gold medal at the 2012 Olympic Games , move above him in the world rankings after securing his first grand slam title at last month 's U.S. Open . Currently ranked fourth in the world , Nadal has qualified to play at November 's season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London , but his ability to take part is in doubt due to his injury problems , admitting that his knee is still "  bothering him " .	Rafael Nadal has targeted a return from injury at January 's Australian Open The 11-time grand slam winner has been out of action since July The Spaniard has not ruled out playing for his country in next month 's Davis Cup final Nadal is currently fourth in the world rankings
CNN  -- A man police believe is a member of the " Pink Panther " ring of thieves was transported from Spain to Japan on Saturday to face charges in a major heist at a jewelry shop , a Japanese state news agency reported . Rifat Hadziahmetovic , 42 , of Montenegro , is suspected of stealing a diamond tiara worth 200 million yen  $ 2.3 million USD  and other jewelry from a Tokyo shop in 2007 , according to the Metropolitan Police Department in Tokyo . Spain agreed to hand Hadziahmetovic , who was in custody for a separate robbery , over to Japan , Kyodo news agency said . The "  Pink Panther " ring , which is believed to have about 200 members , is linked to more than 90 robberies in Europe , the Middle East and Asia since 1999 , Kyodo said . Hadziahmetovic is suspected of participating in other armed robberies in Bahrain , Japan and the United Arab Emirates , according to the Associated Press . The ring is named after the 1963 movie starring Peter Sellers as the bumbling Inspector Clouseau . Members are believed to be mainly from countries in the Balkans , the AP said .	Suspect in jewelry store heist flown to Japan Diamond tiara worth $ 2.3 million stolen in 2007 Robbery ring is named for 1963 Peter Sellers movie
Levignac , France  CNN  -- It 's an unusual setting for one of the world 's most modern aircraft -- a provincial French village with 19th-century charm , every two weeks Levignac hosts a nocturnal procession of huge A380 parts on their way to the Airbus assembly line . Raising his hands as high and wide as he can , local resident Jerry Ridge explains what it 's like to see the convoy of six individual parts that , when put together , form the largest passenger aircraft in the world . "  When you see it in pieces , coming through a little village on the back of trucks , it looks bigger than the complete item , " he says . "  It 's taller than the buildings . " Watch video : Tracking the A380 night convoy Five years since its first commercial flight the double-decker plane is now a regular sight at most hub airports around the world . Accommodating such a big bird was n't easy -- runways and taxiways were widened and strengthened , along with specially designed aircraft stands and extra baggage belts to cope with the suitcases of more than 500 passengers on a single flight . See also : ` Superjumbo ' A380 marks five years in the sky Different parts of the plane are made all over Europe -- the rear fuselage in Hamburg , Germany , the wings in Broughton , near Liverpool , England , the forward and middle fuselages in Saint Nazaire , France and the horizontal tailplane in Cadiz , Spain . Everything apart from the tail fin and the nose cone is far too big to fly to the final assembly line at the Airbus headquarters in Toulouse , southern France . So Airbus created a whole new method to move them . These key components are loaded onto specially designed ships that sail 2,000 km in total across the continent to the delivery point at a harbor in Paulliac , 600km south of Paris . The aeronautical cargo is then transported on modified barges along the Garonne River to Langon , where they are transferred onto trucks . It 's a journey that takes four days including the night convoy to the finish line . The component parts sit in sequence at a holding area in L'Isle Jourdain 11km away , where a team briefing is held for the 53-man crew , 31 vehicles and 18 security-staff motorcade before the final leg of this mammoth journey squeezing through the little village of Levignac . I could tell you that the A380 is 18 meters wider and 5 meters longer than a Boeing 747 , that it has a wingspan of 79.8 meters and its tailfin alone is 24 meters high . But no matter what the numbers say or how often you see an A380 on the ground or in the air , the most impressive way to get some perspective on the size and scale of the Superjumbo is to see it out of context -- unpainted , just its green protective coating , in individual parts , moving down the main street of a small French village , towering over roof tops and tree tops alike . It 's a fortnightly ritual for the locals and a midnight treat for tourists -- and with the manufacturing serial number in full view it takes planespotting to a whole new level . The convoy I joined -- MSN 121 -- will become a British Airways A380 . This was a paradise for aviation geeks , to be face to face with the Superjumbo . First to appear were each of the wings . Laying on their sides , they looked like prehistoric creatures emerging from the darkness , stepping into the flood of light from the lamposts that lined the street . Next up , the horizontal tailplane , then the three sections of the fuselage . Slow and steady , in single file the parts crawl by . It 's over far too quickly . For first-timers like me , it was hard to stop watching one part of the plane and focus my attention on another . It was a natural reaction to want to walk along with the convoy , escorting the parts . Seeing the plane in its basic primary form , it felt like everyone gathered along Rue de la Republique was a part of the production process . At 2am , six pieces , all in a row , are safely delivered outside the Airbus hangar to wait their turn to be put together , just like a kit of parts . The first stage is the structural assembly where the sections are fitted , including the landing gear . Each part requires precision and patience ; it takes 13,000 rivets to join the three sections of the fuselage together and 4,000 rivets just to attach the wings to the body . Watch video : Inside the A380 assembly line The easiest way to identify who the planes belong to is by looking at the tail fins -- the only part at this stage that 's painted in the airline livery . Then there is the next stage of the production process where the onboard equipment is installed and the engines fitted . The planes then make it outside in one piece for pressure and fuel testing . Each airline has its own "  build manager " to inspect and support every stage of the assembly . "  We 're looking at the looming , all the ducting before the bulk heads go in , " said James Lewis , who started as a maintenance engineer with British Airways 25 years ago . "  It 's very detailed in some places but it 's also a general walk around using the eye , a torch if you need to . " He added : "  To see an aircraft start in its composite building blocks and slowly turn into an aircraft , it 's a fascinating experience and a learning experience . " After the fuel testing is complete , the plane was due to fly to Hamburg to be painted and fitted with the cabin interiors . This whole process takes eight months from final assembly until the keys are handed over and delivered . Once one plane is ticked off the list , they start the process all over again . Walking through the hangar of the final assembly line and catching a glimpse of one of the 1,500 engineers that work there , it 's almost as if the Airbus headquarters was in Lilliput , taking care of the plane that Gulliver could have traveled in .	Every fortnight huge A380 parts driven through the streets of Levignac A380 parts made at different sites around Europe Most parts are transported by ships , barge and trucks Locals , tourists and planespotters watch the parade of A380 parts
CNN  -- It 's a trip that would make Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher blush . On Friday , the Carnival cruise ship Elation , sponsored by the world 's largest nonprofit singles travel group , will make history by hosting the world 's first International Cougar Cruise , and we do n't mean the animal . Defined by the Urban Dictionary , a cougar is "  an older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man . " It can be anyone from "  an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim , to an absolute sad and bloated old horn-meister . " "  A cougar is generally known as a woman over 40 who likes to date younger men , but theoretically any woman who dates younger men is a cougar , " said Rich Gosse , who came up with the cougar cruise idea . The ship , which sets sail from San Diego , California , to Ensenada , Mexico , for three nights , is booked for 300 guests and even has a waiting list . The ship has three swimming pools , a seven-deck-high atrium , bar and grill , a Moroccan-inspired Casablanca Casino and a lounge that features stage shows , according to Ann Thomas , owner of the Singles Travel Company and organizer of the Cougar Cruise . After making port in Ensenada , the cruise offers extracurricular activities like horseback riding , ATVing and other outdoor excursions . "  There 's at least four or five options a day for people to get together on the cruise . We 're doing lots of activities ; dancing , dining , Jacuzzi parties , karaoke for two hours . And starting at $ 125 a ticket , it 's a great price , " Thomas said . "  I 've had to hire two more people part-time just to pick up the phones , " she said . "  I 've never seen a response quite like this . " Thomas admits that she was hesitant to sign on to the idea but is glad she did . "  We have people flying in from Italy and Denmark . My associates have been booking from France , Canada . It 's fascinating , " Thomas said . Gosse , who has been hosting singles events for more than 30 years , said he got the idea after hosting a cougar convention in Palo Alto , California . "  We had to turn away hundreds of people , " Gosse said . "  Then we did one in Beverly Hills and had a massive crowd down there , so I thought , maybe we should do a cougar cruise . I did n't think anyone would want to go . Needless to say , the phone is ringing off the hook . " These cougars may as well be an endangered species compared with those hunting them on this cruise . "  The basic problem is , we have is too many cubs , " Gosse said . "  We usually have too many women and not enough guys , but there 's been a paradigm shift in recent years , so now the cubs are more excited about it than the cougars . " A "  cub " is someone in their 20s or early 30s who likes to date older women , according to Gosse . For years , he says , it 's been socially acceptable for older men to date younger women . But in recent years , a phenomenon sparked by celebrities like Kutcher , baseball player Alex Rodriguez  who is said to have dated pop star Madonna  and others has led a new generation of younger men on the prowl for more experienced partners . There is even an ABC sitcom called "  Cougar Town " that glamorizes the sexual escapades of a 40-something divorcee on a search for self-discovery by dating younger men . "  Tim Robbins -LSB- and -RSB- Susan Sarandon was the first high-profile cougar-cub relationship , " Gosse said of the actors , who have been together since the late 1980s . "  Now we 're seeing a paradigm shift where these younger guys are actively looking for older women . " "  If you look at the demographics , the only logical way for people to get their needs met is for younger men to date older women , " he said . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , for every 100 single women in their 20s in America , there are 118 single men in their 20s . The reason , Gosse said , is that young women are dating older guys . "  When you 're single , you always wish the person meets someone they want to be with . If this is something they want , then I wish them well , " Thomas said .	Cruise for women who date younger men sets sail on Carnival cruise ship Elation The event is fully booked at 300 travelers , organizers say Cruise is one of many symbols of burgeoning "  cougar " movement
CNN  -- Both the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank gave their updated projections on the global economy ahead of this week 's G8 Summit in North Ireland . It was not pretty reading . In a nutshell , according to the World Bank , it looks like this : Global growth is stable , but slow . It is now forecast to reach 2.2 % from last year 's 2.3 % . The industrialized countries are barely sputtering along . The 34 countries that are members of the OECD will be just above 1 % and the developing countries just over 5 % this year and a hair over 5.5 % through 2015 . But tucked into the World Bank "  Global Economic Prospects " report is an interesting caveat ; developing country performance would be much lower without the two pillars of emerging markets and the two anchor members of the BRICS : China and India . READ MORE : Does Brazil deserve to be the ` B ' in BRIC ? Strip them out of the equation , according to the World Bank , and developing countries see their top line number come down to 3.6 % this year -- a full 1.5 % lower . That spread should be consistent through 2015 , according to the forecasts . Two points were given more than their fair share of market and media coverage last week . The World Bank cut its projections from China quite severely to 7.7 % , down more than 0.5 % . The view was circulated that the BRICS have lost their luster ; in essence their better days are far behind them . Andrew Burns , author of the World Bank report , said that investors should adjust their expectations . There will be a "  new normal for developing countries of slower growth , " Burns suggested . However , referring to the 2008 -- 2009 global financial crisis , he said the overall environment "  will be more stable because we put behind us the very serious risks . " The past week of trading was a nasty one for emerging market countries . Their equity markets and currencies remain under pressure on fears that the U.S. Federal Reserve may alter course on its bond purchases and thereafter raise interest rates if necessary . READ MORE : Building on the BRICs "  It is robust growth , strong growth , growth we should be happy with , " Burns said . "  But well off the highs that we saw in the earlier part of the last decade . " Perhaps what we should be doing , however , is looking at China and India . The two countries posted their worst performances in more than a decade last year , but the weight of two and a half billion people and their demand for commodities to fuel growth  even at a slower pace  are the developing world 's two pillars . Rising demand in the emerging world has led to a 17.6 % increase in South-South trade for the last decade . In another major shift , half of the products made in emerging markets now goes to partners in other emerging markets . The emerging markets are less dependent on the developed world than ever before . READ MORE : China spaceship blasts off But this is an important period of transition which is far from complete . China is trying to move away from being an economy overly dependent on exports and government investment to one that benefits from domestic-led demand . India , other strategists suggest , needs to unleash growth by cutting the size and role of government . A decade ago , after investment bank Goldman Sachs authored the BRIC acronym , these countries were lulled into thinking that commodity demand would be a one way bet that would override a need to accelerate economic reforms . READ MORE : World 's most powerful leaders meet This is evident is both Brazil and Russia , which are struggling to recover after the financial crisis . Brazil , according to the World Bank , is projected to bounce back to 2.9 % this year after struggling at below 1 % in 2012 . Russia 's growth is pegged at just 2 % to 3 % in 2013 , despite North Sea Brent oil prices hovering at $ 100 a barrel for three years running . Both of these countries should be experiencing a "  halo effect " of sorts , with two things in common . Both have landed the hosting of two global sporting events : The FIFA World Cups and Olympic Games between 2014 and 2018 . They will be on the global radar for sporting fans , opening the way for substantial visitor growth . But re-energizing these economies is not that simple . Brazil is trying to contain a protest movement with many feeling alienated by the infrastructure buildout and rising cost of transport . Last autumn , Russians took to the streets again frustrated they are not seeing the fruits of middle income growth . The games may begin from 2014 , but both these countries may miss the full benefits of golden opportunities to promote the next wave of growth .	The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have updated their global economic projections The new figures make for ugly reading , with a slowdown still apparent in the global economy But there is an interesting caveat in the World Bank 's report on the emerging market economies Two members of the BRICS are emerging as the globe 's economic pillars
CNN  -- More than 600 people were evacuated from a restive Syrian city on Sunday , after gunfire interrupted a U.N.-brokered humanitarian pause , state media reported . Syria 's government-run Syria TV channel and news agency SANA said Sunday afternoon that 611 people were convoyed out of the city of Homs . SANA reported most of the people evacuated were women , children and senior citizens , citing the governor of the province , Talal al-Barazi . Vehicles from the Red Crescent and United Nations had a difficult time entering the city over the weekend as they were targeted by gunfire and explosives . But workers managed to deliver some aid to the thousands of people in the besieged section of the city known as the Old City of Homs , where rebels battle government troops and each other . A photo on the Twitter feed of the Syrian Red Crescent showed dozens of people standing in the rubble of a street as aid workers passed out supplies and food . "  Although the team was shelled and fired upon we managed to deliver 250 food parcels ,190 hygiene kits and chronic diseases medicines , " the organization said in a tweet on Saturday . The team said that one driver suffered a minor injury when explosions and gunfire hit near the convoy in Homs . The convoy left , but two of the four trucks were damaged and had to be left behind , the organization said . Who targeted the aid workers is in dispute . A Wall Street Journal reporter in Syria told CNN that workers in the convoy had no doubt the fire came from government forces . But Sam Dagher said al-Barazi told him it was two rival rebel factions -- one that wants to keep civilians as human shields and another that wants to exchange them for aid . Valerie Amos , the U.N. humanitarian chief , lamented Saturday that the "  three-day humanitarian pause agreed  upon  was broken today and aid workers  were  deliberately targeted . " "  Today 's events serve as a stark reminder of the dangers that civilians and aid workers face every day across Syria , " said Amos , who applauded "  the courage and tenacity " of U.N. and Red Crescent aid workers . Video from the scene posted by activists showed bullet holes in the aid vehicles and damage to buildings from explosions . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency had reported that four Syrian Arab Red Crescent workers were wounded Saturday by gunfire from "  terrorist groups " while trying to deliver aid . First civilians evacuated The U.N.-led operation to help civilians wishing to leave the Old CIty of Homs started Friday with the evacuation of 83 women , children and elderly civilians after an agreement between the government and opposition groups for a cease-fire that was also intended to allow humanitarian aid to reach the city on Saturday . Before this weekend 's evacuations , as many as 2,500 people were thought to be trapped in the Old City of Homs , parts of which have been under siege since June 2012 . A video posted Saturday to YouTube showed more than a dozen civilians carrying bundles as they walked between four U.N. vehicles -- two on each side -- in an apparent attempt to avoid being shot . It was not clear whether they reached their destination . The killing flared anew Saturday across the nation , with more than 80 people killed , 10 of them children and six women , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported . Five of the deaths occurred in Homs , it said . Nearly half of the deaths -- 41 -- occurred in Aleppo , where video shot by an opposition activist and posted to YouTube showed the graphic aftermath of what the poster said was a barrel-bomb attack carried out by government helicopters : buildings with their faces blown off , bodies with their limbs blown off and cars ablaze . Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel . "  Each and every barrel bomb filled with metal shrapnel and fuel launched against innocent Syrians underscores the barbarity of a regime that has turned its country into a super magnet for terror , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said last week in a statement after another reported barrel-bomb attack on the northern city , which has become a flashpoint in the war .	NEW : State media say 611 people evacuated Sunday after 83 moved Friday Each side says other was responsible for gunfire directed at U.N.-led aid convoy Operation began on Friday , part of a three-day humanitarian pause More than 2,500 have been trapped by months of violence
CNN  -- The mother of missing Alabama teen Natalee Holloway talked to the family of a murdered Peruvian woman whose case may be linked to her daughter 's , the Peruvian family told CNN 's sister network In Session . Beth Holloway gave the Flores family her "  sincere , sincere condolences " when they spoke for the first time Wednesday , Enrique Flores told In Session 's Jean Casarez . Flores ' sister Stephany was killed May 30 . Joran van der Sloot , who is being held in connection with the killing , was twice arrested but never charged in the disappearance of Natalee Holloway in 2005 . Beth Holloway told Enrique Flores she hoped his family would not go through what her family had suffered , he said . The Flores family had earlier spoken to Dave Holloway , Natalee 's father . They told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday they hoped the eventual trial of van der Sloot can ease their pain and that of the Holloway family . "  I think the pain they are feeling , it 's very hard , " Enrique Flores said from Lima , Peru , where 21-year-old Stephany was killed . "  We saw the body of our sister . They do n't have the body of their daughter . " Van der Sloot , a 22-year-old Dutch citizen , was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but released for lack of evidence . Holloway 's body has never been found . Van der Sloot has stated to Peruvian police that he wants to talk to Aruban officials about the Holloway case , Aruban Attorney General Robert F. Pietersz said Wednesday . "  I am not worried . I trust the justice in Peru . So , we are just waiting for the judgment , " said Stephany 's sister-in-law Carolina Jorge . "  We are praying that this case  will bring closure  ... for us and ... for Natalee 's family , too . " Dave Holloway met with Aruban authorities on the Caribbean island Tuesday and told CNN he believes progress is being made in the investigation . He declined to elaborate further . Aruba also will have to wait to see what information may be contained in a laptop computer Peruvian authorities confiscated when they arrested van der Sloot , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said . The FBI will obtain that information from Peru and then share it with Aruban investigators , Blanken said . Authorities in Aruba say they do not know whether the computer contains any information that may help in the Holloway case . Van der Sloot has told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . He said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and met Flores while gambling . Police have said they think van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won . No trial start date has been set in the case , but a hearing is scheduled for next week , when van der Sloot will give his first statements before a judge . Flores ' brother told Larry King that he 's already heard enough . "  Van der Sloot  keeps telling so many lies and each time he is changing his version , " Flores said . "  He just killed her . ... He took money from her . He took ... her car . ... I mean , he sounds like a serial killer . "	Stephany Flores ' family speaks to Holloway 's mother for the first time , victim 's brother says The two families are linked by Joran van der Sloot , held over Flores killing Van der Sloot twice arrested but never charged over Natalee Holloway disappearance Enrique Flores hopes Van der Sloot trial can ease both families ' pain
