WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday signed a measure awarding the 300 surviving Women Airforce Service Pilots from World War II the Congressional Gold Medal . Jane Tedeschi when she was in the Women Airforce Service Pilots program . The WASPs were formed in 1942 . The bill passed by both chambers of Congress bestows one of the nation 's highest civilian honors on the group known as WASPs more than 60 years after they were the first women to fly U.S. military aircraft . "  The Women Airforce Service Pilots courageously answered their country 's call in a time of need while blazing a trail for the brave women who have given and continue to give so much in service to this nation since , " Obama said in a statement . "  Every American should be grateful for their service , and I am honored to sign this bill to finally give them some of the hard-earned recognition they deserve . " The Women Airforce Service Pilots was formed in 1942 to create a corps of female pilots able to fill all types of flying jobs at home , freeing male military pilots to travel to the war front . The 1,100 members had to pay their own way to Texas for months of rigorous training . Once assigned to military bases , they did everything from participating in ground-to-air anti-aircraft practice ; to towing targets for air-to-air gunnery practice with live ammunition ; to flying drones ; to conducting night exercises ; to testing repaired aircraft before they were used in cadet training ; to serving as instructors and transporting cargo and male pilots to embarkation points . Overall , they flew more than 60 million miles in every type of aircraft -- from the PT-17 and AT-6 trainers , to fast attack planes like the A-24 and A-25 and heavy bombers such as B-17 and B-29s . Paid $ 250 a month , the women were not officially part of the military -- receiving no benefits , no honors . Jane Tedeschi , who graduated in May 1944 , was sent to a Selma , Alabama , base that did engineering work . "  We did whatever they asked us , " she recalled in a CNN interview . "  You knew enough about flying you could adapt . ... Sometimes it was a little tougher . " While the work was technically noncombat , it could be dangerous . Thirty-eight of the women pilots were killed . As the war was winding down in December 1944 , the program was closed with no recognition from the government and not much help for the women who served . They went off to restart their prewar lives , but without getting any of the help received by male veterans . Several of the women , however , have said they were not bitter since the only reason they had signed up was to do their part for the country . They noted they were just like the thousands of other women who also learned new skills and went to work in the factories to replace male workers sent off to war . "  We were proud of what we did , and the war was over . It was time to get on , " Tedeschi said . Watch Tedeschi recall WWII " But many Americans were not aware of their efforts . The WASP records were sealed for more than 30 years . In 1977 , Congress voted to make the WASPs eligible for veterans benefits .	"  Women Airforce Service Pilots courageously answered country 's call , " Obama said Honor comes 60 years after WASPs were first women to fly U.S. military aircraft In 1977 , Congress voted to make the WASPs eligible for veterans benefits
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- A humanitarian mission to aid Haitian earthquake victims turned into a major embarrassment in Puerto Rico on Friday as pictures emerged of doctors drinking , mugging for cameras and brandishing firearms amid the victims ' suffering . The ethics committee of the commonwealth 's medical board said it was launching an investigation into whether those involved should be disciplined . Puerto Rican Secretary of Health Lorenzo Gonzalez called the episode "  a sad situation . " "  The poor judgment of a few basically damages the beautiful effort that many others have put in place in terms of providing good medical care , " Gonzalez said . "  When I saw the pictures , I was very concerned that they have taken pictures of people without any consent . " Some of the photos , which were posted on the social networking site Facebook , show smiling doctors holding guns or toasting each other , bottles of scotch or other alcohol in their hands . Others show medical personnel in what appears to be a clinic , grinning as they attend to patients . Another shows a quake victim on a hospital bed , naked from the waist down except for a thin strip of cloth covering the genitals . "  You ca n't ever take pictures of patients if you do n't have a written agreement and much less publish photos of patients half-nude , " the president of the College of Physicians and Surgeons told CNN . Dr. Eduardo Ibarra added , "  This is a clear violation of the Hippocratic Oath ... We 're going to take all the measures possible to correct this . " Ibarra said some of the photographs were taken in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic after the group had operated on 70 patients who were in critical condition . "  In any form , the question of drinking beer while wearing their surgical gear is bad -- it 's like a police officer drinking beer while wearing their uniform , " he said . "  They violated the rules of conduct . " He said the ethics committee members would identify the doctors and evaluate their acts , "  always with the presumption of innocence . " Though the committee has yet to decide on a course of action , some doctors have already suffered consequences , he said . "  Some of them already lost their jobs , " he said . "  They 're going to lose probably their careers . It 's a mess . Only because of some stupidity . " An anesthesiologist who traveled with the group said she was saddened by the photographs , but said her colleagues "  gave 200 percent " with limited resources . "  Their work was excellent , " Dr. Enid Garcia told Puerto Rico 's Primera Hora newspaper . The story led the Friday evening news broadcast of CNN affiliate WAPA , in San Juan , which devoted 12 minutes to the subject , including an interview with one of the doctors who appeared in a photograph carrying a rifle . "  I regret it , " said Dr. Carlos Ortiz . He said the pictures were intended as nothing more than a reminder of their work , and that soldiers had handed them their weapons to hold while posing . The embarrassment was heightened by the fact that the mission was coordinated by Puerto Rico 's Senate . Days after the January 12 quake in Haiti , the Senate announced it would oversee sending more than 100 doctors to set up a field hospital near the town of Jimani , across the border in the Dominican Republic . The town has been flooded with Haitians injured in the quake , seeking medical help unavailable at home . Prior to sending the medical professionals on January 15 , Senate President Thomas Rivera Schatz told them , "  With you goes the heart of all the people of Puerto Rico . " On Friday , in a news release , he called the conduct of some of them "  imprudent " and "  indiscreet . " The soldiers should be investigated , he said , for having allowed the health professionals to pose with their weapons . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Benjamin Fernandez and Jennifer Deaton in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Anesthesiologist who traveled with the group : "  Their work was excellent " Photos emerge on Facebook of doctors drinking and grinning among suffering Haitians Puerto Rican medical ethics board meeting Friday ; investigation announced Some photos show smiling doctors holding guns , bottles of liquor
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's army chief said the military -- one of Thailand 's most powerful institutions -- would not step into the current political crisis , saying that the country 's laws were enough to confront deadly protests that have punctuated a three-month power struggle . In a televised address , Gen. Prayuth Chanocha said the military did not want to exacerbate an already volatile situation . "  If we use full military force , there is no guarantee that the situation would return to normalcy , " he said , in an address widely seen as a signal to the Thai public . "  The current conflict has spread wider than in 2010 , " he said , adding that the political impasse had more complicated conditions and involved more disparate groups . "  The military does not want to use weapons and forces against our own Thai  people  , " he added . "  Under the current situation , constitution laws are perfectly effective . If there is a continuation of a loss of life , the country will fall . " War of words Meanwhile , Thailand 's rival factions continued their war of words . Protest leader and former deputy prime minister , Suthep Thaugsuban , warned that his rivals in the red-shirted United Front  UDD  were planning a coup . "  At the UDD rally they also discussed the possibility of a separatist movement , dividing Thailand into two , " Suthep said . "  But we have never entertained this notion . We are fighting to keep Thailand united as one . They can rally around the ` red flag ' but we will continue to salute our tricolor flag . " At the "  war drum " rally on Sunday , Jarupong Ruengsuwan , the Pue Thai Party Leader , said that violence threatened to escalate . "  Let me leave a warning to all people and to those who want to harm the country and the People of Thailand that Thais own 10 million guns in this country , " he said . "  Whoever wants to insult the power of people , they will see . " On Tuesday , violence simmered in the capital Bangkok where police said a series of blasts and gunfire took place in the early hours of the morning near Lumpini Park . Two people received minor injuries in the incident , police said . Attacks condemned Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on Sunday condemned weekend attacks that killed four people -- three of them children -- and pledged to bring the perpetrators to justice . A six-year-old-girl , a four-year-old boy and a woman of about 40 died when a bomb exploded at an anti-government rally outside a shopping mall in the Ratchaprasong area of Bangkok , the Erawan Emergency Center reported . The children were siblings . The 22 wounded included a pre-teen boy who was in critical condition , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , Thailand 's national security chief . On Saturday night , a 5-year-old girl was killed by a stray bullet when attackers opened fire on an anti-government demonstration in eastern Trat province , police Col. Jirawut Tantasri said . Another 34 were wounded , he said . Patthanathabut said police think the two incidents are connected . "  We believed that there is an element which is armed and prone to use violence mean to achieve their goal . " What 's behind the Thai unrest ? The deaths were the latest to punctuate three months of protests against the Shinawatra government . In a statement issued Sunday night , Yingluck said her government "  will not tolerate terrorism " and would prosecute the killers "  without exception . " "  I would like to ask all sides of the political divide that we may see things differently and there are many ways to express those differences , " Yingluck said . "  But the use of violence that lead to deaths are not the civilized way of the living . " Protests to continue Both the Ratchaprasong and Trat demonstrations were organized by the opposition People 's Democratic Reform Committee , which vowed to continue protests despite the attacks . On its Facebook page , the movement called for supporters to donate blood at hospitals that were treating the wounded from the Ratchaprasong bombing . "  Although we have lost several friends in these attacks , I would like to insist that we follow our course of peaceful , unarmed , and nonviolent demonstrations , " party leader Suthep said in a statement on the Facebook page . "  We are on the right course . We are fighting the good fight . Please carry on as we have . " In Trat , about 300 kilometers  186 miles  east of Bangkok , Jirawut said the girl who died was eating noodles with her grandmother when two cars passed the demonstration of about 1,000 people . The attackers threw grenades from the first car while the occupants of the second began shooting into the crowd , he said . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement Sunday condemning the violence and calling for it to end . He "  urges the parties to respect human rights and the rule of law , prevent any new attacks and engage in meaningful dialogue toward ending the crisis and advancing reform , " the statement read . He added that he is ready to "  assist in any way possible . " Calls for change The People 's Democratic Reform Committee has called for the democratically elected Yingluck to be replaced with an unelected "  people council , " which would see through electoral and political changes . Yingluck is the brother of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and now lives in exile . Yingluck 's critics accuse her of being a proxy for her brother , who was convicted of corruption charges in 2008 and sentenced to prison in absentia . Yingluck 's government was largely stable until her party attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill in November , sparking the current wave of protests . The bill would have nullified Thaksin 's corruption conviction and allowed him to return to the country . Also Sunday , a group of protesters called the Red Shirts joined in the protesting . Between March and May 2010 , thousands of opposition protesters known for the color of their shirts occupied parts of the shopping district in central Bangkok . For the most part , the Red Shirts were supporters of Thaksin . They wanted the resignation of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and a new general election . In 2011 , up to 30,000 Red Shirts descended on the same area , this time demanding a thorough investigation of a deadly government crackdown that May , along with the release of protest leaders , some of whom had been held in jail on terrorism charges for months . On Sunday , the Red Shirts gathered in Nakhonratchasrima , about 100 miles from Bangkok . There were about 3,000 protesters in the mostly peaceful protest , according to Paradon . The Red Shirts encouraged the government to prepare in case it needed to set up an exile office in the northern or northeastern parts of Thailand . The leaders of the protest asked members in each province to set up and train their own people in security techniques and be prepared for prolonged protests . CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok ; Ashley Fantz and Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Thailand 's army chief says military will not step into current political crisis The death toll from Sunday 's bombing rises after a 6-year-old girl dies Dozens are wounded in attacks on anti-government protesters over the weekend U.N. secretary-general offers to help "  in any way possible "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- When I was a little boy , my dad and I would sit on the floor next to his old reel-to-reel tape deck , taking turns talking into it and playing our voices back -- the same reel-to-reel he unwittingly used to gain his 15 minutes of fame . It was October 3 , 1951 , when Larry Goldberg , a 26-year-old travel agent living with his parents in Brooklyn , set up the deck next to a radio before setting off to work in Manhattan . He asked his mom to record the 9th inning of the third game of the Brooklyn Dodgers-New York Giants playoffs . What he and my grandmother captured turned out to be the only known recording at the time of Russ Hodges ' famous call of Bobby Thomson 's game-winning home run , "  The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! " SI.com : Thomson tops list of 10 most memorable home runs My dad 's reward was a tape cartridge , $ 100 and access to box seats at the Polo Grounds the next season -- a pittance for which my mom often needled him . Those memories came flooding back this week when I heard the news that Thomson had died at his Savannah , Georgia , home at age 86 . Thomson 's "  Shot Heard ` Round The World " was heard often at our home , each time I asked my dad to tell me once more how he saved the call . He kept the original tape safely boxed up , instead playing one of the Chesterfield records of the call that Hodges ' sponsor pressed as gifts to its dealers . For a long time , no one but a handful of friends and family knew the real story of my dad 's role in helping immortalize a bit of baseball history . Then , on the 50th anniversary of the game , the New York Times ran an interview with Dad . His local paper , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , did a similar story . Accounts of his recording later appeared in books such as "  The Golden Voices of Baseball " and Joshua Prager 's "  The Echoing Green . " Don DeLillo even captured the event in his 1997 novel , "  Underworld , " referring to Dad only as "  a man on 12th Street in Brooklyn . " Here 's how Dad and The New York Times told the story : " ' I knew I would n't be able to listen to the broadcast , and I knew something was going to happen , ' said Goldberg . ... ` It was the third game of the playoffs . That kind of game had to be climactic , even if it was a blowout . ' "  Was Goldberg 's mother , Sylvia , a baseball fan ? No . Was she paying strict attention to the game ? No , he said , ` she was paying attention to her only son . ' ... From the SI vault : The Day Bobby Hit The Home Run "  The night after the game , Goldberg wrote Hodges to ask if anyone at WMCA had recorded the game ; if not , he would lend him his . Hodges replied quickly , and used the tape to make records as Christmas gifts . ... "  In later years , when Hodges related the tale of the tape , he would refer to Goldberg as a Dodger fan who made the tape so he could hear the voice of the Giants weep when Brooklyn won . A good yarn , but untrue . " ' I was a Giant fan from 1933 on , when I was 8 , ' Goldberg said . " I 'd been thinking about Bobby Thomson , Russ Hodges and Dad just the other day when my son and I went to our first Braves game of the season -- our first game since Dad died a year ago in April . It was a little before 7 p.m. at Atlanta 's Turner Field , and the Braves were about to face the Giants -- now long since relocated to San Francisco . My son and I were sitting down to eat on the stadium 's terrace when the matrix board began playing a video introducing the visitors . Images of past pennants were flashing on the screen when it suddenly hit me -- these are the same Giants that once called New York 's Polo Grounds home . And before I knew it , they were playing the call I 've come to know so well -- Bobby Thomson hitting his "  long fly ... into the lower deck of the left-field stands . " Once more , "  The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! ... The Giants win the pennant ! And they 're going crazy . They 're going crazy ! " I wanted to phone Dad and tell him about it , at the same time realizing I could n't -- that I 'd even told the story about the call at his funeral . And then I knew he was with us there in the stadium , smiling down on a perfect summer evening of baseball .	Bobby Thomson , who hit one of baseball 's most memorable home runs , died this week at 86 Russ Hodges ' call , "  The Giants win the pennant ! " is part of baseball legend Larry Goldberg of Brooklyn captured the only known recording at the time of the call His son , a CNN.com producer , remembers his late father 's story of how the recording was made
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted a Long Island teenager on a charge of second-degree murder as a hate crime in the stabbing death of an Ecuadoran immigrant this month , according to the indictment , unsealed Thursday in Suffolk County District Court . Marcello Lucero , 37 , was stabbed to death in an attack that police say was a hate crime . Jeffrey Conroy , 17 , had been charged with first-degree manslaughter as a hate crime , one count each of gang assault and conspiracy and two counts each of attempted assault and attempted gang assault . The "  hate crime " designation would add to any sentence imposed upon conviction . Six teenage co-defendants were arraigned Thursday on the same assault , conspiracy and gang assault charges as Conroy . One of the six faces an additional charge of criminal mischief . Marcello Lucero , 37 , was walking to a friend 's apartment in Patchogue , New York , when he was attacked late in the evening of November 8 , police said . Officers found that he had been stabbed in the chest , and he died of his injuries . A friend with Lucero was not injured . Authorities believe that Conroy stabbed Lucero . His arraignment on the murder charge is scheduled for Monday . The seven youths were trying "  to find Latinos and to assault them , " Suffolk County Police Detective Lt. Jack Fitzpatrick said at the time . "  That was what they went out to do that night , and that 's exactly what they did do . ... They were actively seeking victims , " he said . Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer said all seven "  admitted their involvement and their role in this crime . But all seven pleaded not guilty at their initial arraignment November 10 . Attorneys for two of the boys told CNN before the unsealing Thursday that their clients are not guilty and disputed the hate crime designation . "  Anthony Hartford had no physical contact with the unfortunate victim who was stabbed , " attorney Laurence Silverman said . "  My client denies he harbors any ill will toward any person because of race or national origin . My client comes from a mixed background . His great-grandmother was born and raised in Puerto Rico . " "  Kevin Shea is not guilty , " attorney Steven M. Politi said . "  The charge that this was a racially motivated crime is inaccurate . ... These are young boys and should enjoy presumption of innocence , and I hope everyone reserves judgment until the facts come out . " The other defendants are Jordan Dasch , Nicholas Hausch , Christopher Overton and Jose Pacheco . All but Overton , who is 16 , are 17 years old . Dasch also faces a charge of criminal mischief .	Jeffrey Conroy , 17 , faces count of murder as a hate crime Conroy had been charged with with first-degree manslaughter as a hate crime Conroy , six others tried "  to find Latinos and to assault them , " police say Marcello Lucero , 37 , and a friend were attacked by a group of teens
Washington  CNN  -- A new report , due Thursday , raises questions about the Transportation Security Administration 's ability to keep airports safe from terrorists . The report by the Government Accountability Office casts doubts on TSA 's ability to adequately perform its security mission , said U.S. Rep. John Mica of Florida . Mica specifically wanted the GAO to determine how effective the TSA 's behavior detection program , or SPOT  Screening Passengers by Observation Techniques  , has been in deterring potential acts of terrorism . Mica will unveil the results of the report at a press conference , he said . As chairman of the subcommittee on aviation after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Mica was instrumental in establishing the TSA . Now , he says he is a critic of its ballooning bureaucracy .	GAO report examines Transportation Security Administration 's work Report specifically targets TSA 's behavior detection program Report requested by congressman who helped create agency
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Controversial remarks made by the Jordanian ruling monarch to an American magazine triggered a domestic media uproar and denials from the royal palace , just days before the U.S. president was scheduled to visit Jordan . In an article published this week in The Atlantic , Jordan 's King Abdullah was quoted calling the opposition Muslim Brotherhood a "  Masonic cult . " He also referred to tribal elders as "  old dinosaurs " and spoke at length about how he could not trust his own intelligence agency . The profile quickly triggered a flurry of accusations and denials inside Jordan . It was debated on national television news Tuesday night , and denials from the royal court dominated the front pages of Jordanian newspapers . "  The article ... contained many fallacies , as statements were taken out of context , " an informed royal court source said in a statement quoted by the state-run Petra news agency . "  The content of the article was analysis that reflected the writer 's point of view and information attributed to his majesty inaccurately and in a dishonest manner , " the statement said . "  The timing of it was really bad , " said journalist and analyst Randa Habib , who is also the author of the book "  Hussein and Abdullah : Inside the Jordanian Royal Family . " "  The group that he called dinosaurs are the tribal elders who are the backbone of the monarchy , " she added . "  People felt they were insulted . " U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in Israel on Wednesday -- his first trip to the country as president and part of his sweep across the Middle East , which will include visits to the West Bank and Jordan . Unlike Egypt , Tunisia , Yemen , Libya and Syria , the Jordanian monarchy has so far survived the wave of popular discontent widely referred to as the Arab Spring . But the government has faced significant challenges over the past two years . Jordan , a country long plagued by resource shortages , poverty and high unemployment , is going through a period of economic difficulty . In an effort to tame its ballooning international debt , the government began stripping fuel subsidies last fall . The move triggered nationwide protests in November . Jordanians have also watched with increasing worry as the civil war in neighboring Syria has sent hundreds of thousands of refugees streaming across the border . More than 450,000 officially registered Syrian refugees are now competing with Jordanians for scarce jobs , real estate and even water .	King Abdullah is quoted calling the opposition Muslim Brotherhood a "  Masonic cult " He also reportedly refers to tribal elders as "  old dinosaurs " The article quickly triggered a flurry of accusations and denials inside Jordan U.S. president is due to visit Jordan during his trip to the Middle East
Republican conservatives should be worried . Evangelical churches that frequently support conservative candidates are finally admitting something the rest of us have known for some time : Their young adult members are abandoning church in significant numbers and taking their voting power with them . David Kinnaman , the 38-year-old president of the Barna Group , an evangelical research firm , is the latest to sound the alarm . In his new book , "  You Lost Me : Why Young Christians Are Leaving Church and Rethinking Faith , " he says that 18 - to 29-year-olds have fallen down a "  black hole " of church attendance . There is a 43 % drop in Christian church attendance between the teen and early adult years , he says . I 'm not surprised . These young dropouts value the sense of community their churches provide but are tired of being told how they should live their lives . They do n't appreciate being condemned for living with a partner , straight or gay , outside of marriage or opting for abortion to terminate an unplanned pregnancy . This does n't mean that they necessarily will vote for President Obama in 2012 . Jobs and higher wages are their priority just as they are for everyone else ; the nominee who convinces the millennials that they 'll be better off financially will get their vote . But if neither party is persuasive , the former evangelicals may vote Democratic because of that party 's more moderate stance on social issues . Or they could simply sit out the election . Brittany , a 24-year-old veterinary technician , is an example of the newly disaffected . In high school , she attended a conservative Episcopal church in northern Virginia . She enrolled in college thinking of herself as a conservative and not wanting to have sex until she was married . Her views changed when she met her boyfriend . She began to question the theology of her home church on a number of social issues . "  I know I 'm a Christian and believe in God , but the church has n't helped me in my struggles , " she says . "  It really does n't affect anything in life right now . " The result ? "  I do n't go to any church . " And how does she feel about next year 's election ? "  There are many times I think I 'd rather not vote at all . " In lifestyle and beliefs , she is far from an outlier . Consider the following facts about millennials in general : • Seven in 10 millennials say sex between an unmarried man and woman is morally acceptable  PDF  .  According to Kinnaman , young Christians are as sexually active as non-Christians . • Most women in their early 20s who give birth are unmarried . • More than six in 10 millennials  including 49 % of Republican millennials  support same-sex marriages . • Six in 10 millennials say abortion should be legal  PDF  , a higher proportion than found in the general population . A higher percentage say abortion services should be available in local communities . Millennials also part ways with conservative orthodoxy on wealth distribution and caring for the environment . According to a report in The Christian Science Monitor , three out of four say that wealthy corporations and financiers have too much power and that taxes should be raised on the very wealthy , and two out of three say financial institutions should be regulated more closely . In addition , most say that creationists ' view on evolution is outdated . Sounds a lot like Democratic ideology to me . Of course , every generation rethinks its beliefs and values during young adulthood . Even the most liberal tend to moderate their views once they marry , have children and start paying a mortgage . Some of them return to church , if only for the structured support of a congregation and the moral instruction their sons and daughters can receive . But here 's the thing : This particular generation is marrying later than prior generations , if they marry at all . They 're having children -- and assuming a mortgage -- later . The longer they stay away from church , the less likely they are to come back . "  What used to be two or three years of dropping out is a decade or more , " author Kinnaman said . In 2008 , then-presidential contender Obama received a healthy 33 % of the young white evangelical vote . If he and his team offer millennials concrete ideas for improving their dismal job situation , he could repeat or even improve upon that in 2012 . So far , however , Obama and mainstream Democrats have done little to reach out to younger voters other than ease the burden of paying off college loans , a not-insignificant move . Perhaps they hold to the theory that presidential elections are the domain of the 40-plus crowd , an assumption increasingly outdated by the speed and breadth with which millennials communicate over the Internet . In a very tight race , votes cast by this generation -- which has grown in number by 4 million since the last election -- might make the difference . Their votes will be significant for sure by the end of this decade because by then , millennials will make up a third of the U.S. adult population . And that 's a good thing . As the most diverse generation ever , they 've shown themselves to be better than their elders at seeking areas of common ground and making compromises . They 're also more optimistic : Despite the economic instability of their generation , more than two-thirds believe they can achieve success regardless of race , ethnicity or social class . All of us , whether we 're churched or unchurched , could use that kind of faith .	Many young evangelicals are abandoning their churches , says Laura Sessions Stepp These young dropouts are tired of being told how they should live their lives , Stepp says Because of social issues , former evangelicals may very well vote Democratic , she says Stepp : In a very tight presidential race , millennials ' votes might make the difference
CNN  -- Police in Boulder , Colorado , want to talk to the older brother of JonBenet Ramsey , the 6-year-old girl slain at home on Christmas night 14 years ago , the Ramsey family 's attorney said . Supporters of the family call it harassment . The brother , Burke Ramsey , has no interest in once again answering questions he has answered for many investigators many times , said the attorney , Lin Wood , of Atlanta , Georgia . And yet the mere hint of activity in one of the nation 's most famous cold cases has headlines swirling . So , what 's the story this time ? Burke Ramsey was the 9-year-old brother of JonBenet who , by all accounts , slept soundly in his room that Christmas in 1996 while his sister 's skull was fractured and she was strangled elsewhere in the house . Now , he 's 23 , and although police investigators are n't talking , the family 's lawyer is . Wood said police investigators approached Burke Ramsey on his college campus in the spring , gave him a business card and said that if he wanted to talk about the case , they 'd like to hear from him . Investigators , no doubt , are hoping that locked in Burke 's memory is some clue that could crack the case ; maybe it 's a detail that he was afraid to mention as a child or as a teenager but that he now wants to discuss . But police will have to keep waiting . Wood says his client has declined their latest request to talk . Good for him , say some journalists and legal analysts in the Colorado foothills who have long followed the story . "  Burke Ramsey has been completely cleared , " said Denver attorney Larry Pozner , who has no direct involvement with the case but has been sharply critical of how authorities have handled it . "  The Boulder police engaged in a crime scene search and preservation that was worse than amateurish . It borders on criminal , " Pozner said . The police have always defended their work on the case , but despite all the scrutiny , all the hours of investigation , nothing came of their efforts . It 's hard to remember now , but the death of JonBenet was little more than a tragic local news story that holiday season until her parents appeared on CNN . John and Patsy Ramsey turned the story into a sensation when Patsy , crying and shaking , told the nation : "  There 's a killer on the loose . I do n't know who it is . I do n't know if it 's a she or a he , but if I were a resident of Boulder , I would tell my friends to keep your babies close to you . There 's someone out there . " The interview unleashed the now famous pageant video , the disquieting cheesecake photos of JonBenet and a national debate : How could a 6-year-old girl be killed in a quiet neighborhood , and no one see or hear a thing ? The early evidence seemed to point toward the parents . There was no sign of forced entry into the Ramsey home , no footprints in the snow surrounding it . The rope used to choke JonBenet was tightened with a paintbrush from her mother 's hobby kit . An alleged ransom note  remember , this was first thought to be a kidnapping  was written on a pad of paper from inside the house , and some investigators thought the handwriting looked like Patsy 's . It contained details about the family 's past and finances that few outside their close circle could have known . And the body was found in a little-used basement room that police did n't even notice at first . Investigative reporter Julie Hayden , who tracked the case all those years ago , said people were asking how a stranger could have pulled it off . "  It 's sort of like a puzzle , " she said . "  How do you put all of those pieces together ? Was it an intruder ? If it was n't an intruder , how on Earth did this happen ? But on the other hand , how could somebody do that to their own child ? It 's got to be one or the other , you know ? Somebody killed JonBenet . " The Ramseys ramped up public suspicion , whether they meant to or not , when they hired lawyers and a publicist . Their relationship with investigators grew noticeably strained . Each possible break in the case , each supposed suspect over the years , proved worthless or a fraud . Two years ago , the district attorney said that new DNA testing methods had cleared all family members of suspicion . John Ramsey appeared relieved . "  We 're certainly grateful for an acknowledgement that we are innocent , this was an intruder , which of course we 've always maintained . " Yet here investigators are , once again , knocking on Burke Ramsey 's door . Attorney Scott Robinson , who has closely watched the case , said that even if JonBenet 's brother knows something , so what ? "  Even if Burke were to have some miraculous memory that could lead to the arrest of a suspect , that information would be so dated and so questionable that most criminal defense attorneys would have a heyday with it at trial , " Robinson said . "  It 's very problematic to be using information that would be so stale from an individual who did not remember it before . " The main adult figures in the Ramsey case are almost all gone -- to other jobs ; other cities . Some , including Patsy Ramsey , have died . They leave behind unanswered questions and one terrible fact : A 6-year-old girl was killed , and 14 years later , no one has spent even a day in jail for her murder . Like many who have followed the Ramsey case from the start , Robinson doubts the killing will ever be solved . "  The colder the case gets , the colder the trail gets . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Police say they want to talk again with JonBenet Ramsey 's older brother , Burke Burke Ramsey has nothing to tell them , says family lawyer Lin Wood JonBenet Ramsey was killed in her family 's home on Christmas night 1996 Police have cleared family members , but no one has been arrested in the case
CNN  -- How do U.S. wireless carriers expect their investments in new 4G high-speed networks to pay off ? This shift is about more than simply providing mobile data -- and it could even bring some long-overdue improvements to the humble telephone call . At the Open Mobile Summit conference last week in San Francisco , a panel of carrier executives and wireless industry experts discussed the revenue-generating opportunities of offering 4G service . This is a big concern for carriers , since their costly move to 3G networks a few years ago appears to have financially benefited other players in the mobile industry  such as Apple  more than the carriers themselves . There are some obvious ways that carriers plan to make money from their 4G networks . First , these networks will allow wireless carriers to sell more data -- a key part of their business model as most U.S. carriers move away from offering unlimited data plans . Also , current FCC net neutrality rules allow wireless carriers to selectively "  fast track " delivery of online content and services . Most likely content and service providers , rather than consumers , would end up paying for such paid prioritization . Still , despite heavy marketing , 4G phones and services have n't been easy to sell to the average mobile consumer . As Scott Devitt , a consumer Internet analyst with Morgan Stanley , noted : "  For most consumers , the value of 4G is not really clear at this point -- except for watching mobile video . " Consequently U.S. carriers are starting to look hard at less-obvious ways to demonstrate the value of 4G to consumers . "  The phone call has n't been significantly improved or enhanced since the introduction of touch tone dialing , " observed Rob Glaser , a partner with the venture capital firm Accel Partners . " 4G is already allowing people to do great things with their phones -- but most people still spend about 47 % of their time on their cell phones making regular phone calls . " Sprint CTO Stephen Bye said , "  It is important to not lose sight of what customers see as important . Despite how much carriers are focusing on 4G data speed , most customers measure network success based on voice-call quality . " Improving the audio quality and clarity of voice calls is one reason why some U.S. carriers are working to implement "  voice over LTE "  VoLTE  technology . Earlier this year Verizon announced plans to start selling VoLTE-enabled phones in early 2012 . Earlier , Verizon director of ecosystem development Brian Higgins told CNN that "  high-definition audio fidelity will be a major selling point " for Verizon -- implying that the carrier might be hoping to sell VoLTE as some kind of premium service , at least initially . That 's another way to make extra money from a 4G network . The discount carrier MetroPCS may be moving faster than Verizon toward deploying VoLTE for its customers . Already , MetroPCS has begun migrating text and multimedia messaging traffic to its LTE network .  Traditionally , SMS/MMS messaging is handled over the same base carrier network as voice calls . But Connected Planet notes that MetroPCS has less wireless spectrum access than Verizon . Also , MetroPCS never rolled out 3G technology as extensively as the major carriers . So , since 4G and VoLTE could help MetroPCS squeeze more mileage from its existing spectrum , this could mean that MetroPCS might offer these as basic -- not premium -- services . That would make for interesting competition in the consumer mobile market -- especially since MetroPCS focuses on the no-contract mobile market . If VoLTE calling becomes commonplace , it could change how people pay for cell phone service . If most mobile voice calls happen over data networks , then carriers may stop selling "  minutes " altogether and shift to charging solely for data packages . But initially , as carriers first start marketing "  high definition calling , " they may face some consumer pushback due to perceived value . Consumers who get VoLTE phones and service might not always experience clearer phone calls , since only calls placed between VoLTE-enabled phones are expected to sound better . Calls between a VoLTE-enabled phone and a regular cell phone are expected to sound the same . As the recent backpedaling by major banks on proposed debit card fees indicates , right now corporations are wary of consumer revolts against mounting bills . Right now wireless carriers generally bill customers for service for each mobile device they use  with the exception of cell phone "  family plans "  . But these days , consumers also use tablets , gaming consoles and other devices over carrier networks . If consumers revolt against the cumulative sticker shock of multiple monthly bills for connectivity , carriers may begin to move away from device-specific billing -- which includes tethering charges . There is one more way that wireless carriers can make money from 4G : selling data about consumers . David Small , CTO for Verizon Wireless , raised the point that 4G will allow users to do even more with their cell phones and other wireless devices -- which means carriers will be gathering more consumer data than ever before via their networks . "  All that data , about all the facets of users ' lives -- that 's got value , " Small said . "  And that 's a revenue opportunity for us . " Sprint CTO Bye agreed , but cautiously : "  We know there 's a fine line between monetization and trust for our customers . We think consumer data would be more useful in the aggregate , for machine-to-machine interfaces , without bringing it down to a particular person . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Cellphone carriers are trying to earn more revenue from offering 4G networks Wireless networks can sell more data and sell data about consumers to generate revenue Carriers are improving audio quality and selling it through "  voice over LTE "  VoLTE
Hebron , West Bank  CNN  -- Standing under a large poster of Jerusalem 's Dome of the Rock , Nabil Saeed lays out large rolls of red , green , white and black cloth on his workshop table . These are the colors of his homeland , one he hopes will soon become a fully recognized state . The flag-maker marks the cloth in precise shapes before cutting different colored layers as the hum of a sewing machine is heard from a small room next door . The Saeed family home in the West Bank city of Hebron has been bustling with activity lately , as they seek to meet the increased demand for Palestinian flags ahead of an expected move by the Palestinian Authority to seek statehood at the United Nations next week . Having cut the cloth , Saeed and his wife , together with his nephew Mahmoud , sit in a small room , filled with textiles , threads of different colors , and three small tables . Perched upon each table is an old sewing machine , like a relic of a bygone era . Like clockwork , the pieces of cloth here are passed between them . First , Nabil 's nephew , Mahmoud , sews the pieces together , passes them to Saeed 's wife , who passes the flag-in-making on to him , who quickly adds the finishing touches and lays it on a pile of flags on the table next to him . During the past few weeks the three of them have sewn over fifteen thousand flags says Nabil , who has been doing this for over 40 years . His profession has even landed him behind bars in an Israeli prison . "  During the first Intifada we were only producing a very small quantity of flags because it was forbidden , but when the Palestinian Authority arrived we started producing huge quantities , " he explains . At a time when business is slow , Saeed welcomes the Palestinian authority 's U.N. initiative and the public relations campaign behind it . He says it has brought him fresh business , at a time when the global economy and foreign competition has made his job more difficult than ever . "  During the second Intifada we also produced large quantities of flags , but when people started importing the flags from outside with cheaper prices , it was not that good business , " Nabil says , remembering that he used to be able to charge the equivalent of about seven dollars for a flag . He says he would be lucky to get four dollars today . "  We used to do thousands of flags before people start importing the flags from China , it 's something that affected the prices dramatically . It caused us to stop producing , " he says . But money is not the driving factor for the flag maker , rather he is driven by the dream of finally having a Palestinian State . "  This flag that we sew and will continue to sew , we hope we will see it raised at the United Nations with the rest of the world . This is our hope , and we are sure that one day our flags will be raised in the United Nations and on every international occasion . It is a dream that is coming true , and we hope that our brothers , the Arabs , will support us , " the flag makers say . Mahmoud , Saeed 's nephew , agrees . "  Money is not the issue here , what is important is to have a state where we can live in dignity , where we can go wherever we want , where we can visit our holy places and walk our streets without having soldiers stopping us and asking for ID . This would be much better than any quantity of money . Business is important , but living in freedom and dignity is much more important , " Mahmoud says . Yaeem Al-Heleh has been running a printing business just down the road from Saeed 's flag factory since the 1980 's . Cardboard boxes full of flyers , posters , and small printed flags are stacked in the corner of the room . Nearby , workers use a hot press to flatten the freshly printed flags and others print large posters adorned with the picture of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat standing next to current Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Like his friend Nabil Saeed , Al-Heleh welcomes the extra income the Palestinian statehood campaign has brought , and he too believes the dream it carries is important . "  We have been dreaming of having a state since the beginning of occupation . People were very positive towards this campaign . Here in Palestine everybody is supporting this idea . We hope to have the support from the Arab states and the whole world , " he says . Although he , like many , sees the likelihood of Palestinian Authority success at the United Nations Security Council as very low , AL-Heleh says he is hopeful that the Palestinian push for statehood will bring change . Read what Israel 's prime minister thinks about the Palestinian bid "  The flag today has a special meaning , before we used to fight in order to raise it . The flag used to be raised and then the Israeli soldiers used to take it down and now the flag is in a way of getting sovereignty and recognition . Now 130 countries recognize us and are ready to support us , I think it 's a dream that could come true , " he says . Sitting behind his sewing machine Nabil Saeed sighs when asked whether he thinks the Palestinian Authority will succeed with its effort this month . "  If we do n't succeed in September , it wo n't be the end and we will continue the resistance until our flag is raised everywhere . I will continue sewing the flag and I will never get bored of it . This is our flag , this is our pride and we will continue raising it all of our lives , " he said .	Flagmaker family sees more demand for Palestinian flags Palestinian Authority seeking statehood at the United Nations this week Many Palestinians see success for U.N. bid is low
New York  CNN  -- Two African runners won the 2010 New York City Marathon Sunday , marathon officials announced . Runners Edna Kiplagat , from Kenya , and Gebre Gebremarian , of Ethiopia were the first female and male finishers to cover the 26.2-mile course that cuts through New York City 's five boroughs . Having just won first prize in the 2010 Los Angeles marathon , Kiplagat was the first woman to finish the race coming first in 2 hours and 28 minutes . Gebremarian , the fastest man in the race , crossed the finish line in 2 hours and 8 minutes . Much of the celebrity limelight in the usually star-studded race was focused on a man whose fame derived from his sprints inside the gloomy pit of a Chilean mine . Chilean miner Edison Pena -- one of 33 miners trapped underground for more than two months before they were rescued -- completed the New York Marathon Sunday , taking five hours and 40 minutes to cover the 26.2-mile course . Pena , otherwise known as "  the runner " by fellow miners who spent 69 days trapped with him in a gold and copper mine , set out to cover the course along with thousands of other runners . . During a press conference after the race , Pena said running the marathon was a way to cope with the trauma of being trapped and fearing for his life . "  What I did today was also a symbol of bravery and a struggle against myself against the pain that I have been feeling . This I want to make very clear , " he said . With appearances on David Letterman , where he showed his devotion for Elvis Presley amid applause , Pena attracted attention from nearly every press outlet and every street fan who held signs while he ran the marathon . "  The experience was wonderful , " said Pena . "  I am not from this country but I kept seeing signs that said ` Go Edison ' ... and people would say ` Let 's go Pena ' ... the warmth of the north American people is amazing , " said Pena . Pena -- a triathlete -- was invited by the NYC Marathon after stories spread about his daily runs in the mine to keep himself fit . "  When I ran , I thought I was going to beat destiny , " he said . "  I told the mine , ` I 'm gon na outrun you . I 'm gon na run till you 're tired and bored of me . ' " The 12th miner to be rescued , he also became known for singing Elvis songs during his confinement . Star-gazing part of the experience of watching some 45,000 runners in the marathon . Actress Katie Holmes , rapper entrepreneur P-Diddy , rocker Alanis Morissette , former Gov. Mike Huckabee and TV chef Bobby Flay have all competed in the marathon . The NYC Marathon is one of the most popualr marathons in the world , drawing more than 100,000 applicants annually .	Gebre Gebremarian of Ethiopia won the men 's category in the 2010 NYC marathon Edna Kiplagat , from Kenya , won the women 's race But a Chilean miner proved to be one of the main attractions of the race Edison Pena ran daily during his captivity in the mine
Sorry , "  Bachelorette " fans : there will officially be no wedding for Ali and Roberto . "  Ali Fedotowsky and Roberto Martinez have ended their relationship , " the couple 's rep tells PEOPLE . "  As they go through this difficult time , we ask that you respect the couple 's privacy . " The duo 's romance unfolded in 2010 on season 6 of the reality show , culminating with a romantic seaside proposal on the season finale . In October , Fedotowsky downplayed rumors that their relationship was on the rocks , telling PEOPLE there were other reasons for putting their wedding plans on hold . "  We did n't meet in the most traditional way . We had a very short courtship and we only knew each other nine weeks before we got engaged , " Fedotowsky said at the time . "  We are still figuring out our lives as individuals . " But Fedotowsky , 27 , maintained she had still planned to tie the knot with her former fiancé . "  We 're still engaged , we 're still living together , " she said at the time . "  We just do n't feel the need to walk down the aisle right now . " See full article at PEOPLE.com .	Rep : "  Ali Fedotowsky and Roberto Martinez have ended their relationship " The duo 's romance unfolded in 2010 on season 6 of "  The Bachelorette " In October , Fedotowsky downplayed rumors that their relationship was on the rocks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An extensive federal report released Monday concludes that roughly one in four of the 697,000 U.S. veterans of the 1990-91 Gulf War suffer from Gulf War illness . A U.S. soldier wears protection against chemical weapons during the Gulf War in a February 1991 photo . That illness is a condition now identified as the likely consequence of exposure to toxic chemicals , including pesticides and a drug administered to protect troops against nerve gas . The 452-page report states that "  scientific evidence leaves no question that Gulf War illness is a real condition with real causes and serious consequences for affected veterans . " The report , compiled by a panel of scientific experts and veterans serving on the congressionally mandated Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans ' Illnesses , fails to identify any cure for the malady . It also notes that few veterans afflicted with Gulf War illness have recovered over time . "  Today 's report brings to a close one of the darkest chapters in the legacy of the 1991 Gulf War , " said Anthony Hardie , a member of the committee and a member of the advocacy group Veterans of Modern Warfare . "  This is a bittersweet victory , -LSB- because -RSB- this is what Gulf War veterans have been saying all along , " Hardie said at a news conference in Washington . "  Years were squandered by the federal government ... trying to disprove that anything could be wrong with Gulf War veterans . " The committee 's report , titled "  Gulf War Illness and the Health of Gulf War Veterans , " was officially presented Monday to Secretary of Veterans Affairs James Peake . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen report more on Gulf War illness " According to the report , Gulf War illness is a "  complex of multiple concurrent symptoms " that "  typically includes persistent memory and concentration problems , chronic headaches , widespread pain , gastrointestinal problems , and other chronic abnormalities . " The illness may also be potentially tied to higher rates of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  -- more commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease -- among Gulf War veterans than veterans of other conflicts . The illness is identified as the consequence of multiple "  biological alterations " affecting the brain and nervous system . iReport.com : Do you know someone affected by Gulf War illness ? While it is sometimes difficult to issue a specific diagnosis of the disease , it is , according to the report , no longer difficult to identify a cause . The report identifies two Gulf War "  neurotoxic " exposures that "  are causally associated with Gulf War illness . " The first is the ingestion of pyridostigmine bromide  PB  pills , given to protect troops from effects of nerve agents . The second is exposure to dangerous pesticides used during the conflict . The report does not rule out other possible contributors to Gulf War illness -- including low-level exposure to nerve agents and close proximity to oil well fires -- though it fails to establish any clear link . The report concludes there is no clear link between the illness and a veteran 's exposure to factors such as depleted uranium or an anthrax vaccine administered at the time . "  Gulf War illness is n't some imaginary syndrome , " said Ken Robinson , the senior intelligence officer for the initial Department of Defense investigation into Gulf War illness in 1996-97 . "  This is real , and it has devastated families . Now is the time to restore the funding cuts that have been made in the Veterans Administration . Our mission has to be to ensure that these veterans get help and become whole again . " Robinson noted that soldiers in the field today are not at risk for Gulf War illness , because the military is no longer using the PB pills or pesticides that led to the illness in 1990 and 1991 . The report backs Robinson 's conclusion , noting that no problem similar to Gulf War illness has been discovered among veterans from the conflict in Bosnia in the 1990s or in the current engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq . The committee report also backs Robinson 's call for more effective treatments among veterans suffering from Gulf War illness . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Specifically , the report calls for at least $ 60 million in new annual federal funding on research committed to improving the health of Gulf War veterans .	NEW : Officer who investigated illness : "  This is real , and it has devastated families " One in four Gulf War veterans suffer from Gulf War illness , report says Pesticides , drug used to thwart effects of nerve gas called most likely to blame Illness termed "  a real condition with real causes and serious consequences "
Japanese actress Rinko Kikuchi walks Anjali Rao through the streets of Tokyo . She stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and Oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film "  Babel . " Rinko Kikuchi is one of Japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with Karl Lagerfeld as the new face of Channel . Despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in Japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms . Talk Asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since "  Babel " and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . E-mail to a friend	Rinko Kikuchi was Oscar-nominated for her performance in the film "  Babel " She has recently worked with Karl Lagerfeld as the new face of Channel She challenges the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman
CNN  -- For the first time , researchers have succeeded in creating human embryonic stem cells by injecting DNA from a skin cell into an unfertilized egg , according to a study published Wednesday . To achieve what is being called an "  important step " in stem cell research , scientists in New York used a cloning technique similar to the one used to clone Dolly the sheep . "  This work now demonstrates for the first time that the human egg has the ability to turn a specialized cell into a stem cell , " said Dieter Egli , who along with fellow study author Scott Noggle led the research team at the New York Stem Cell Foundation . "  The goal of this research was to create patient-specific embryonic stem cells with the patients ' DNA for the eventual use in cell replacement therapy , " Egli told CNN . He said the motivation for the research was to eventually cure diseases such as Parkinson 's , diabetes and many other illnesses . In 2005 , researchers in South Korea claimed to have created the first human embryonic stem cells by cloning an embryo . A year later , it was revealed that the data had been faked . This new study , published in the journal Nature , shows researchers have finally succeeded in creating human embryonic stem cells . They were n't perfect though because they have too many chromosomes -- 69 instead of the usual 46 -- making the cells suitable for research purposes only , not actual treatments . In the past , efforts to create human stem cells using cloning meant taking an unfertilized egg , removing egg 's nucleus with its 23 chromosomes and replacing it with the nucleus of a skin cell  which has 46 chromosomes  and placing the egg in a chemical bath to make it divide as if it had been fertilized by sperm . Researchers started out with 270 donated oocytes or unfertilized eggs , provided by sixteen egg donors , Noggle said . Egli said through a process of elimination , he and his colleagues determined that it was the removal of the egg 's genome , not the introduction of new DNA or chemically initiating cell division , which was preventing the egg to develop far enough along so stem cells can be extracted . Noggle says 63 eggs were needed to develop two cell lines , of which one was viable . "  It 's the machinery within the egg that allows the egg to progress normally in development , " said Ted Golos , who is a professor of Comparative Biosciences at the school of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . Golos , who is not involved in this new research , says this new study is n't a giant leap forward but it 's an interesting one . Now the challenge is to figure out how to remove the egg 's chromosomes , without removing the machinery or spindle , which helps the egg divide . Egli said he and his colleagues are working on just that . Researchers have been using adult stem cells like bone marrow for treatments for decades . But adult stem cells have been programmed for one part of the body and are not easily converted to correcting problems in other parts of the body . Then the first major advance in human embryonic stem cell research came In 1998 , when Jamie Thomson at the University of Wisconsin-Madison , extracted the first stem cells from an existing human embryo . In 2007 , researchers in Japan and California reported the creation of stem cells by bypassing eggs altogether and reprogramming skin cells directly into dividing like fertilized eggs with the addition of four viruses . These cells are called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells . Since then , researchers have found these cells have some limitations as well . While some opponents of embryonic research believe advances in the "  less controversial " adult stem cell and iPS cells eliminate the need for embryonic stem cell research , most experts in the field believe all three research paths need to be explored to eventually find the right treatment for the right disease . Dr. Alan Trounson , who heads the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine , which funds embryonic and adult stem cell research , says if researchers are able to take the next step and figure out how to make embryonic stem cells without the excess chromosomes , then they can begin to compare them to iPS cells and determine how different or similar they really are . Egli agrees . "  We need to better understand the biology of the human egg for reprogramming without the egg genome , " he said .	The achievement is an "  important step " in stem cell research , scientists say They used a technique similar to the one used to clone Dolly the sheep The motivation for the research was to eventually cure diseases such as Parkinson 's , diabetes
CNN  -- Talk of Iran 's nuclear program took center stage Thursday in discussions between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . The inescapable topic of peace between Israel and its Palestinian rivals was also on the agenda . Netanyahu has accused international powers that reached a deal with Iran to curb its nuclear program of making a "  historic mistake " that could put Israel in grave danger . The agreement calls for the easing of economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for increased inspections and limits on the country 's uranium enrichment program , which many international analysts fear is meant for military purposes . In public remarks after his private meeting with Netanyahu , Kerry said the United States remains committed to Israel 's security . "  I ca n't emphasize enough that Israel 's security in this negotiation is at the top of our agenda , " Kerry said , according to pool reports . "  And the United States will do everything in our power to make certain that Iran 's nuclear program -- a program of weaponization possibilities -- is terminated . Negotiator in chief : How John Kerry delivered the Iran deal "  We agree on what the goal of the final status agreement ought to be , " Kerry said . "  And in the days and weeks ahead , we will consult very closely and continually with our Israeli friends in order to bring about a comprehensive agreement that can withstand everybody 's test . " Kerry also made another push for Israeli-Palestinian peace talks Thursday as he hopped between Jerusalem and Ramallah to address grievances from both sides . He kicked off talks in July , but in November , both sides dug in to their decades-old trenches and passed around blame . "  We have always known that this is a difficult , complicated road , and we understand that , " Kerry said in remarks with Netanyahu . "  I believe we are making some progress , and the parties remain committed to this task . They are meeting regularly , and they have also remained -- we have remained in very close touch with both leaders as we proceed down this road . " He also addressed peace after meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . "  Today , we discussed at great length issues of security in the region , security for the state of Israel , security for a future Palestine , " Kerry said . "  And we , I think , made some progress in discussing some of the ideas that are on the table . We are not going to discuss these further publicly , but I will say that the goal here for everybody is a viable Palestinian state with the Palestinian people living side by side in peace with the state of Israel and with the people of Israel . " Earlier , Netanyahu said that Israel is "  ready for a historic peace " based on a two-state solution but that Israel 's security needs must be respected , and finger-pointing that he said helped derail the earlier talks must end . "  What we need is not grandstanding but understanding , " he said . Israeli , Palestinian accusations In November , Netanyahu accused the Palestinians of continuing to incite distrust of Israel and perpetuating an "  artificial crisis " to avoid a real peace deal . Palestinians shot back that it is Jerusalem that has been sowing distrust , but the hottest issue remains the construction of thousands of Jewish settlement units on the West Bank and other land that Palestinians claim as theirs . It is the real source of the "  deep crisis between the Palestinians and the Israeli negotiations team , " a Palestinian official said . He accused Israel of falsely claiming that the Palestinians were willing to let construction go forward if Israel released more Palestinians from prisons . It 's a concession that Israel commonly makes in deals with the Palestinian leadership . It 's simply not true , the official said . "  All settlements are illegal in the West Bank and Jerusalem . " Motivating players Kerry has been toting along a gift bag to motivate the players . Palestinians are receiving economic stimulus from Washington , which is shelling out a $ 100 million contribution to a program to build new roads , water lines , schools and other infrastructure . The measure , called the High Impact Micro-Infrastructure Initiative , is also expected to create jobs for the unemployed in the impoverished territory . The United States has also tasked U.S. Gen. John Allen to work up an assessment of Israel 's security needs in the event of a comprehensive peace agreement , Kerry said . It 's a must if Israel is going to sign on , Netanyahu said . "  Israel must be able to defend itself by itself . "	NEW : Effort to restart peace talks "  made some progress , " John Kerry says U.S. secretary of state says United States puts Israel 's security first In an effort to motivate Israeli , Palestinian leaders , Kerry is bringing offers of aid , security Iran 's nuclear program also discussed in Israeli talks
Paris , France  CNN  -- More than 270 previously unknown works by Pablo Picasso recently came to light when a retired electrician sought to have them authenticated by the late artist 's estate , the Picasso Administration said Monday . But in a strange twist , 71-year-old Pierre Le Guennec finds himself slapped with a lawsuit filed by the artist 's son , Claude Picasso , and five other heirs who say the works are stolen . The lawsuit was first reported Monday by the French newspaper Liberation . The works -- a collection of cubist collages , drawings , lithographs , notebooks and a watercolor -- were revealed in January when Le Guennec contacted the Picasso estate by mail to request certification of authenticity . Along with the letter , Le Guennec included 26 photographs of previously unpublished Picasso pieces . He sent similar photographs of other works in his possession in March and April before traveling from his home in the south of France to the offices of the Picasso Administration in Paris with all 271 pieces . Christine Pinault , Claude Picasso 's assistant and an employee of the Picasso Administration , said the artwork was reviewed by the family and others in the administration , who determined that the works are all authentic . The family 's lawsuit , filed September 23 , charges that Le Guennec hid stolen goods . France 's Central Office for the Fight Against Traffic in Cultural Goods seized the pieces from Le Guennec 's home on the French Riviera on October 5 and is holding them in a vault at its Nanterre office , northwest of Paris . Pinault said that one of the reasons the Picasso family is taking Le Guennec to court is because he has n't adequately explained how he came across the works . Le Guennec "  has n't given any response , not how , when or why " the works were taken , she said . Jean Jacques Neuer , a lawyer for the Picasso family , also expressed skepticism to French television . "  We are dealing with a huge number of works , and it does n't make sense that Picasso would give 271 works , " he said . "  There are no documents which prove that this man was Picasso 's close friend . It is simply unbelievable . " According to Liberation , Le Guennec worked as an electrician for the Spanish artist in the last three years of his life . The works are from a period spanning 1900 to 1932 , according to the newspaper . Picasso , who lived most of his adult life in France , died in 1973 . CNN 's Winnie Andrews and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	A 71-year-old retired electrician sought to have 271 unknown works authenticated The Picasso family is suing the man , alleging that the works are stolen The lawsuit , filed in September , was reported by a French newspaper Monday
Today , the United States is conducting offensive cyberwar actions around the world . More than passively eavesdropping , we 're penetrating and damaging foreign networks for both espionage and to ready them for attack . We 're creating custom-designed Internet weapons , pre-targeted and ready to be "  fired " against some piece of another country 's electronic infrastructure on a moment 's notice . This is much worse than what we 're accusing China of doing to us . We 're pursuing policies that are both expensive and destabilizing and are n't making the Internet any safer . We 're reacting from fear , and causing other countries to counter-react from fear . We 're ignoring resilience in favor of offense . Welcome to the cyberwar arms race , an arms race that will define the Internet in the 21st century . Presidential Policy Directive 20 , issued last October and released by Edward Snowden , outlines U.S. cyberwar policy . Most of it is n't very interesting , but there are two paragraphs about "  Offensive Cyber Effect Operations , " or OCEO , that are intriguing : "  OECO can offer unique and unconventional capabilities to advance U.S. national objectives around the world with little or no warning to the adversary or target and with potential effects ranging from subtle to severely damaging . The development and sustainment of OCEO capabilities , however , may require considerable time and effort if access and tools for a specific target do not already exist . "  The United States Government shall identify potential targets of national importance where OCEO can offer a favorable balance of effectiveness and risk as compared with other instruments of national power , establish and maintain OCEO capabilities integrated as appropriate with other U.S. offensive capabilities , and execute those capabilities in a manner consistent with the provisions of this directive . " Opinion : Cyber arms control ? Forget about it These two paragraphs , and another paragraph about OCEO , are the only parts of the document classified "  top secret . " And that 's because what they 're saying is very dangerous . Cyberattacks have the potential to be both immediate and devastating . They can disrupt communications systems , disable national infrastructure , or , as in the case of Stuxnet , destroy nuclear reactors ; but only if they 've been created and targeted beforehand . Before launching cyberattacks against another country , we have to go through several steps . We have to study the details of the computer systems they 're running and determine the vulnerabilities of those systems . If we ca n't find exploitable vulnerabilities , we need to create them : leaving "  back doors " in hacker speak . Then we have to build new cyberweapons designed specifically to attack those systems . Sometimes we have to embed the hostile code in those networks , these are called "  logic bombs , " to be unleashed in the future . And we have to keep penetrating those foreign networks , because computer systems always change and we need to ensure that the cyberweapons are still effective . Like our nuclear arsenal during the Cold War , our cyberweapons arsenal must be pretargeted and ready to launch . That 's what Obama directed the U.S. Cyber Command to do . We can see glimpses in how effective we are in Snowden 's allegations that the NSA is currently penetrating foreign networks around the world : "  We hack network backbones -- like huge Internet routers , basically -- that give us access to the communications of hundreds of thousands of computers without having to hack every single one . " The NSA and the U.S. Cyber Command are basically the same thing . They 're both at Fort Meade in Maryland , and they 're both led by Gen. Keith Alexander . The same people who hack network backbones are also building weapons to destroy those backbones . At a March Senate briefing , Alexander boasted of creating more than a dozen offensive cyber units . Longtime NSA watcher James Bamford reached the same conclusion in his recent profile of Alexander and the U.S. Cyber Command  written before the Snowden revelations  . He discussed some of the many cyberweapons the U.S. purchases : "  According to Defense News ' C4ISR Journal and Bloomberg Businessweek , Endgame also offers its intelligence clients -- agencies like Cyber Command , the NSA , the CIA , and British intelligence -- a unique map showing them exactly where their targets are located . Dubbed Bonesaw , the map displays the geolocation and digital address of basically every device connected to the Internet around the world , providing what 's called network situational awareness . The client locates a region on the password-protected web-based map , then picks a country and city -- say , Beijing , China . Next the client types in the name of the target organization , such as the Ministry of Public Security 's No. 3 Research Institute , which is responsible for computer security -- or simply enters its address , 6 Zhengyi Road . The map will then display what software is running on the computers inside the facility , what types of malware some may contain , and a menu of custom-designed exploits that can be used to secretly gain entry . It can also pinpoint those devices infected with malware , such as the Conficker worm , as well as networks turned into botnets and zombies -- the equivalent of a back door left open ... "  The buying and using of such a subscription by nation-states could be seen as an act of war . ` If you are engaged in reconnaissance on an adversary 's systems , you are laying the electronic battlefield and preparing to use it ' wrote Mike Jacobs , a former NSA director for information assurance , in a McAfee report on cyberwarfare . ` In my opinion , these activities constitute acts of war , or at least a prelude to future acts of war . ' The question is , who else is on the secretive company 's client list ? Because there is as of yet no oversight or regulation of the cyberweapons trade , companies in the cyber-industrial complex are free to sell to whomever they wish . "  It should be illegal , ' said the former senior intelligence official involved in cyberwarfare . ' I knew about Endgame when I was in intelligence . The intelligence community did n't like it , but they 're the largest consumer of that business . ' " That 's the key question : How much of what the United States is currently doing is an act of war by international definitions ? Already we 're accusing China of penetrating our systems in order to map "  military capabilities that could be exploited during a crisis . " What PPD-20 and Snowden describe is much worse , and certainly China , and other countries , are doing the same . All of this mapping of vulnerabilities and keeping them secret for offensive use makes the Internet less secure , and these pre-targeted , ready-to-unleash cyberweapons are destabalizing forces on international relationships . Rooting around other countries ' networks , analyzing vulnerabilities , creating back doors , and leaving logic bombs could easily be construed as an act of war . And all it takes is one over-achieving national leader for this all to tumble into actual war . It 's time to stop the madness . Yes , our military needs to invest in cyberwar capabilities , but we also need international rules of cyberwar , more transparency from our own government on what we are and are not doing , international cooperation between governments and viable cyberweapons treaties . Yes , these are difficult . Yes , it 's a long slow process . Yes , there wo n't be international consensus , certainly not in the beginning . But even with all of those problems , it 's a better path to go down than the one we 're on now . We can start by taking most of the money we 're investing in offensive cyberwar capabilities and spend them on national cyberspace resilience . MAD , mutually assured destruction , made sense because there were two superpowers opposing each other . On the Internet there are all sorts of different powers , from nation-states to much less organized groups . An arsenal of cyberweapons begs to be used , and , as we learned from Stuxnet , there 's always collateral damage to innocents when they are . We 're much safer with a strong defense than with a counterbalancing offense .	Bruce Schneier : U.S. is pursuing policies that are destabilizing and expensive Schneier : The cyberwar arms race will define the Internet in the 21st century He asks : How much of what the U.S. does is an act of war by international definitions ? Schneier : We need more transparency , cooperation and viable cyberweapons treaties
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Watching the news out of Mexico is causing a case of déjà vu for Dr. Lo Wing-Luk . The sight of people wearing masks became common in Hong Kong after the SARS outbreak of 2003 . "  Seeing the people in masks today reminds me of Hong Kong during SARS , " said Lo , an epidemiology expert who was among those on the frontline during the outbreak of SARS in Hong Kong in 2003 , which within three months infected 8,000 and killed nearly 800 in Hong Kong , China , Taiwan and Toronto . Historically , Hong Kong has been center stage for recent infections that threatened to spiral across the world , such as SARS and Avian Influenza , which first struck and killed people here in 1997 . Southern China -- with the close proximity of its rural agriculture to population centers and globally connected transportation -- has been an ideal conduit for past animal diseases that spread to humans and then to the rest of the world . But with the outbreak of swine flu in Mexico and the United States , Hong Kong suddenly finds the world looking to it for lessons on how to stop the spread of disease . "  Managing a  potential  pandemic ca n't be from the top down , it must be from the ground up , " said Lo , a former Hong Kong legislator representing the medical community . In the early days of SARS , cooperation was lax between Hong Kong health officials and public officials across the border in mainland China , where the live animal wet markets in Guangdong province is suspected in the virus ' jump to humans . "  One of the most important lesson of SARS was the importance of good communication , " says Dr. KY Yuen , head of the microbiology department of Hong Kong University , which found the first human cases of Avian Influenza in 1997 and first identified SARS in 2003 . "  There were outbreaks in the middle to late November in Guangdong Province , but the first cases were reported in Hong Kong three months later , " he said . "  We could have reduced the impact  of SARS  if there had been better communication " between Hong Kong and mainland China health authorities . The communication channels have improved between China and Hong Kong , health officials said , as well as better surveillance of the disease . Every visitor who comes through Hong Kong International Airport now is scanned by infrared monitors and immediately isolated if suffering from a fever or respiratory illness . "  Quarantine and isolation of people  suspected to be ill  is crucial now , " Yuen said . As the disease spreads , there is a conflict between the need for a quick response and the time required for appropriate scientific study -- which can result in some bad decisions , Yuen said . For example , in the case of SARS health experts wore full-body protection suits because of initial hunches the disease was being spread by airborne causes . More people were exposed to the disease because of the harried medical staff 's improper use of the cumbersome equipment . "  It turned out globes , masks and hand washing were far more effective " than a breathing apparatus , Yuen said . "  Presumptions are dangerous , " he added . If Hong Kong is any example , governments who fail to meet the challenges of an outbreak will face rising public heat . In July 2003 , half a million Hong Kong residents took to the streets to protest the government , in part because of frustrations over the response to the SARS outbreak , says Cecilia Chan , director of the Center of Behavioral Health at Hong Kong University -- adding to the woes of the already beleaguered administration of former Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Wah , who later stepped down in the middle of his second five-year appointment .	Hong Kong at center of recent infections that threatened to spiral across world First human cases of Avian Influenza reported in 1997 , SARS identified in 2003 Disease expert : Managing a  potential  pandemic ca n't be from the top down Lack of good communication during SARS outbreak was a key failing
New York  Financial Times  -- Christie 's has become the first international fine art auction house to receive a licence to operate independently in mainland China , giving it an edge in the race among dealers and auctioneers to unlock the potential of the Chinese market . The 247-year-old auction house , with sale rooms in London , Paris , New York and Hong Kong , announced on Tuesday that it plans to hold auctions in Shanghai starting this autumn . Christie 's opened an office in Shanghai in 1994 and has held auctions with local firm Forever . "  The market for arts and objects in China has grown exponentially over the past decade . There are more new buyers coming into play in China than any other market in the world , " Steven Murphy , Christie 's chief executive , told the Financial Times . "  To be in mainland China and serve those clients directly ... has been a dream of ours for quite some time . " In the past five years , the Chinese art market ranked as the fastest-growing in the world , as well as the most important emerging market in terms of the size of its domestic sales , according to a report by TEFAF Maastricht . After briefly overtaking the US as the largest market in the world in 2011 with 30 per cent market share , China slipped to the number two slot in 2012 behind the US with 25 per cent market share following a slowdown in growth . Rival Sotheby 's this week closed its five days of sales in wine , jewellery , Asian and Chinese art , ceramics and watches , which were watched closely following slow economic growth in 2012 and a crackdown on extravagant spending by officials . An imperial bowl broke a world record for Chinese Kangxi ceramics , selling for $ 9.5 m. Christie 's said that the number of clients from mainland China bidding at its global auctions has doubled since 2008 . "  The demand still is there because the number of clients being served is increasing . That is why we wanted to be in China with a home for Christie 's , to serve those clients entering the market , " Mr Murphy said . The agreement restricts Christie 's from selling cultural relics , which predate 1911 , such as valuable classical paintings and antiques . Christie 's ignited controversy in China with the attempted sale in 2009 of two bronze sculptures of animal heads from the Old Summer Palace in Beijing that were part of the late Yves Saint-Laurent 's collection . Mr Murphy said the incident did not enter the discussion . Both Christie 's and Sotheby 's have operated out of Hong Kong for several years , where a large portion of the items are sold to mainland Chinese collectors . In mainland China , Sotheby 's has a deal with GeHua to conduct sales in the country . Christie 's total sales in Asia were $ 715.1 m in 2012 . The granting of a licence to Christie 's signals a determination in China to continue to open up to international businesses . This week , Xi Jinping , China 's president , promised to protect global companies ' interests amid concerns about discriminatory policies that hurt their operations in China . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Christie 's received license to operate independently in mainland China Christie 's is the first international fine art auction house to receive license Chinese art market ranked as world 's fastest-growing in past 5 years
New York  CNN  -- Rapper Lil Wayne will go directly to jail after he is sentenced by a Manhattan judge Tuesday afternoon for a gun conviction , according to a person familiar with the case . Dwayne Carter , as he is known legally , pleaded guilty to felony gun charges in a deal with prosecutors October 2009 . He is expected to get a one-year prison sentence . His sentencing was delayed three weeks so he could get some dental work done , including removal of his diamond-studded braces . The person familiar with the case would not confirm where Wayne would serve his sentence . The plea agreement was a result of the rapper 's 2007 arrest outside New York 's Beacon Theater . According to police , Wayne had a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . "  It 's not his gun , they know whose gun it is , " Wayne 's attorney , Stacey Richman , said after a hearing last month . In an unrelated case , Wayne also faces felony drug possession and weapons charges in the state of Arizona . Lil Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist . His hits include "  The Block is Hot " and "  Lollipop , " and his album "  Tha Carter III " was the top-selling disc of 2008 . His latest album , "  Rebirth , " was released last month . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Rapper Dwayne Carter will be sentenced for a gun conviction Carter 's sentencing was postponed so he could get dental work Work includes removal of diamond-encrusted braces
CNN  -- The hidden costs of football were revealed as the English Premier League released figures showing that its clubs spent over $ 123 million on agents ' fees between October 1 2011 and September 30 2012 . That 's an increase from the previous year 's figures where an estimated $ 115 million was paid out by clubs . Premier League champions Manchester City were the biggest spenders , splashing out nearly $ 17 million . Manager Roberto Mancini added significantly to his squad before the 2012-13 season with the arrivals of Jack Rodwell from Everton , Javi Garcia from Benfica and Matija Nastasic from Fiorentina . That number is fractionally up on the previous year 's figures , which saw City spend just under $ 15.5 million . While cash-rich City might have been expected to be leading the table , Liverpool 's second place ranking comes as something of a surprise . Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap The Anfield club spent around $ 13.8 million on agents ' fees , with much of that coming from the reported $ 40 million it paid out for Fabio Borini and Joe Allen in August . Relegation-threatened Queens Park Rangers spent the third highest amount . The west London club has yet to win a single league game this season and appointed Harry Redknapp as its new manager last week after dispensing with the services of Mark Hughes . Rangers paid around $ 10.9 million to agents with former boss Hughes signing a host of players including Brazil 's Julio Cesar from Inter Milan , Real Madrid 's Esteban Granero and Ji-Sung Park from Manchester United . Tottenham  $ 10.5 million  and Chelsea  $ 10.3 million  are also at the top end , while Premier League newcomers Southampton spent just over $ 1 million . Arsenal insist $ 240 million windfall is ` all about football ' According to the figures , Manchester United paid $ 5.7 million , which was down from $ 7.1 million the previous year . Of the newly-promoted clubs , West Ham United leads the way , racking up figures of $ 7.1 million , while Reading came close to hitting the $ 3.5 million mark . Arsenal  $ 8.8 million  and Newcastle  $ 5.6 m  were also significant contributors .	Premier League clubs spent $ 123 million of agents fees between October 1 2011 and September 30 2012 Records show an increase from previous year 's total of $ 115 million Manchester City are highest spenders after paying out $ 17 million Premier League newcomers Southampton at the bottom of the pile
CNN  -- Swedish authorities have scheduled a time to interrogate the founder and editor of whistle-blower website WikiLeaks . Karin Rosander , Swedish Prosecution Authority spokeswoman , confirmed the development on Thursday , but could n't "  disclose what time or what day " Julian Assange will be questioned . She did say that it would be "  sooner rather than later . " Assange says Swedish authorities still have n't given him details of the crime he is alleged to have committed . "  The present investigation of issue  there are no charges  , is one alleged non-sexual ` harassment , ' " Assange wrote Thursday in an e-mail to CNN . "  I have no idea what this is and no details have been provided to us . " Swedish authorities arrested Assange "  in absentia " over the weekend on two charges -- rape and molestation , a non-sexual charge that is similar to harassment . The chief prosecutor has since revoked the arrest warrant and dropped the rape charge , though Assange still faces the molestation allegation . Leif Silbersky , the lawyer representing Assange , told CNN this week his client strongly denies all the accusations . Assange told CNN that although he no longer is accused of rape , the allegations have been damaging . "  As a result of the case mishandling and the smear , there are currently millions of web pages with my name and ` raped ' or ` rape ' and over six million with ` sexual , ' " Assange wrote to CNN . "  The damage they have caused me and WikiLeaks is enormous , " Assange told the Swedish daily newspaper Aftonbladet in an article published Thursday . Assange told the Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera on Sunday the accusations are "  clearly a smear campaign . " The only question , he said , is who is behind it . The attorney for the alleged victims has told CNN that rumors of possible Pentagon or CIA involvement in the sex crime accusations against Assange are "  complete nonsense . " The allegations follow WikiLeaks ' release last month of 76,000 pages of U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has criticized the leak , saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . Assange has defended the leak , saying it can help shape the public 's understanding of the war . He said the material was of no operational significance and that WikiLeaks tried to ensure the material did not put innocent people at risk . CNN 's Atika Shubert and Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report .	NEW : Interrogation time has been scheduled WikiLeaks founder says Swedish authorities still have n't clarified his alleged crime Sweden has dropped a separate rape charge against Assange He says the allegations have still been damaging
Rolling Stone  -- Could Beastie Boys possibly give less of a  expletive  about trying to sound young ? In a word , no . As Ad-Rock proudly declares on their excellent new "  Hot Sauce Committee Part Two , " "  Oh , my God , just look at me/Grandpa been rapping since ' 83 ! " The Beasties revel in their older-than-old-school references  "  Be kind , rewind "  and cultural touchstones  "  braggadocio " rhymes with "  I 'll make you sick like a Kenny Rogers Roaster "  . Where they used to boast about rocking Adidas instead of Fila , now MCA has different footwear issues : "  I do n't wear Crocs , and I do n't wear sandals/The pump do n't work 'cause the vandals took the handles . " The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time : Beastie Boys That 's the kick of "  Hot Sauce " -- the Beasties sound exactly like themselves , cutting loose without straining to fit anyone else 's idea of relevance . Adam "  MCA " Yauch , Michael "  Mike D " Diamond and Adam "  Ad-Rock " Horowitz originally scheduled "  Hot Sauce " for release in 2009 , until the project was derailed by MCA 's battle with cancer . Now cheekily retitled "  Hot Sauce Committee Part Two , " it 's their first album in seven years , unless you count 2007 's stoner-funk instrumental throwaway , "  The Mix-Up . " It 's also a return to classic Beasties chutzpah : On "  Hot Sauce Committee , " they 're not sweating to impress anyone except one another . Video : Beastie Boys ' Star-Studded ` Make Some Noise ' Lead single "  Make Some Noise " sets the tone with the group 's feistiest and funniest groove since "  Intergalactic " soundtracked the summer of 1998 .  Have you listened to "  Hello Nasty " lately ? Even nuttier than you remember .  The Beasties ride vintage synths and cowbell , with MCA chanting , "  We gon na party for the mother  expletive  right to fight ! " Amid references to Rotary Connection and Ted Danson , Ad-Rock drops the best line : "  Ca n't tell me nothing , ca n't tell me nada/Don ' t quote me now because I 'm doing the Lambada . " Photos : Beastie Boys Through the Years The group 's self-production has gained bounce since 2004 's To the 5 Boroughs . They get guest shots from Nas  "  Too Many Rappers "  and Santigold  the reggae detour "  Do n't Play No Game That I Ca n't Win "  . The music is full of signature touches , from the punk drum solo in "  Lee Majors Come Again " to the low-end electro funk of "  Here 's a Little Something for Ya . " MCA sounds as gruff as ever in "  Nonstop Disco Powerpack , " giving it up to hip-hop pioneers like Rammellzee and K-Rob 's "  Beat Bop , " Afrika Bambaataa and Spoonie Gee  "  The one MC who you ca n't deny "  , while both the bass line and the distortion-filter vocals echo Spoonie 's 1980 classic "  Spoonin Rap . " Beastie Boys were already old-school back when they were young-school , hyping an early-Eighties hip-hop revival on "  Paul 's Boutique " before the Eighties were even over . So it 's no surprise that on "  Hot Sauce Committee Part Two " they make no effort to accommodate or even acknowledge any of the latest hip-hop trends . Instead , we get the sound of master musicians in their comfort zone , doing everything their own way . Nobody would want to hear the Beasties try anything else . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Beastie Boys were already old-school back when they were young-school They sound like themselves -- cutting loose without fitting anyone else 's idea of relevance They make no effort to accommodate or even acknowledge any of the latest hip-hop trends
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  Freshly laundered clothes still hang Friday in the dormitory at Garissa University College . Stuffed animals remain in one room . On the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for Muslim prayer . These small reminders of college life at this Kenyan school belie the horror of what happened here : the slaughter of at least 147 people , many of them students who lived in this building . On Friday afternoon , more than 36 hours after the attack , investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students . The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their AK-47s -- remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets . Kenya terrorist attack : 6 things you need to know Investigators marked the locations of students ' bodies with numbered tags before Red Cross workers came in to send them off to morgues . They would call out to each other with the locations of the dead , reducing once promising lives , for the time being at least , to numbers . 221 . 214 . 216 . 217 . Sometimes , the cell phones of the dead would ring , taking the workers aback . Beyond the bodies , evidence of what had happened at the dormitory was everywhere . Shattered glass and shell casings littered the floor . Walls and ceilings were marred by bullet holes . In some places , the blood was as thick as mud . The problems plaguing Kenya 's security efforts According to students and authorities , militants burst onto the campus around 5 a.m. Thursday . The gunmen , from the Al-Shabaab terror group , first stormed a Christian prayer service , killing some students , taking others hostage . They rampaged across the campus , shooting non-Muslims , sparing Muslims , a witness said . One student , Hellen Titus , told CNN she hid inside a wardrobe for nearly an hour before the gunmen came for her . Come out , they told her , you wo n't be shot . "  They were lying , " she said . The gunmen herded her and maybe three dozen other students into a community room where they 'd usually hang out and watch television . They were told to lie down , lectured about how the Quran forbids killing women . And then the men , Titus said , were shot in the head . One of the gunmen egged on the others . "  Shoot them ! Shoot them ! " he would say , according to Titus . More lecturing : the land , the gunmen said , did n't belong to nonbelievers . We , the gunmen said , have just two missions : to kill , and be killed . And then they started shooting the women . "  Anyone who is breathing , shoot them , " Titus said the gunman in charge said . "  We just lay there hopelessly , because we know automatically we 're going to be killed , " Titus said . It was then she saw the blood of a fellow student coursing toward her on the floor . She smeared it onto her face and body to make it appear she , too , was dead . "  In the time of shooting , they skipped me , " she said . She survived with only a hand wound . Many of the other students were shot in the back of the head , a medic told CNN . Others had been beheaded , according to people who had viewed bodies at the morgue in Chiromo . Even longtime relief workers such as Reuben Nyaora with the International Rescue Committee said they were shocked at what they saw . "  I have seen many things , " Nyaora told Agence France-Presse , "  but nothing like that . " Opinion : A weakened Al-Shabaab lashes out CNN 's Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's David McKenzie and Lillian Leposo reported from Kenya . CNN 's Dominique van Heerden and Soni Methu contributed to this report .	Shell casings , glass and blood stains litter dorm at Garissa University College At least 147 died in Thursday attack at the Kenyan college
EW.com  -- Henry Winkler is often called the Nicest Man in Hollywood , but now he 's also known as an Honorary Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire  OBE  . He was awarded the honor from the Queen this week in recognition of his services to children with dyslexia and special educational needs . According to the British Embassy in Washington , he 's spent much of the last two years touring the U.K. to educate about dyslexia and other learning difficulties . Winkler , who was diagnosed with dyslexia as an adult , is also the author of 17 children 's books centered on Hank Zipzer , a boy with dyslexia who overcomes his struggles at school and with bullies . There are two things I love about the press release : One , that "  Happy Days " the show is never actually mentioned , although Sheinwald sneaks in a reference  "  Henry Winkler is living proof that difficulties can be overcome and that for those suffering disability and self-doubt , happy days can nevertheless lie ahead "  . And two , the sense of formality that insures you will also not see the words "  the Fonz " or "  Fonzie "  "  Mr. Winkler 's portrayal of Arthur Fonzarelli garnered him two Golden Globes and three Primetime Emmy nominations "  . What I love about this in general is that it 's just another wonderful , unexpected line on Winkler 's rÃ © sumÃ © . It 's kinda like the first time you read that he was an executive producer on "  MacGyver " or heard that he saw the short film that "  Better Off Dead " ... writer/director Savage Steve Holland had made about having suicidal thoughts after his high school girlfriend dumped him for the captain of the ski team and gave him an office so he could write it as a feature . It 's easy to just think of Winkler as "  The Fonz " instead of as a man who 's also done multiple Adam Sandler movies , "  Arrested Development , " and "  Childrens Hospital " among other things  like wear orange shirts on "  Royal Pains "  . Every now and then we like to stop and remember . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Henry Winkler was awarded the honor from the Queen this week He 's spent much of the last two years touring the U.K. to educate about dyslexia Winkler was diagnosed with dyslexia as an adult
CNN  -- The man who collected the urine sample that led to Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun 's now-overturned drug suspension says he did not tamper with the sample , as Braun has implied . "  I followed the same procedure in collecting Mr. Braun 's sample as I did in the hundreds of other samples , " Dino Laurenzi Jr. said in a statement released Tuesday . "  At no point did I tamper in any way with the samples . This situation has caused great emotional distress for me and my family . " Laurenzi 's statement comes after Braun publicly blasted Major League Baseball 's drug testing system and an arbitration board tossed out a 50-game suspension imposed as the result of the drug test Braun took last year . Braun , the 2011 National League MVP , told reporters that nearly two days passed between when a collector took his sample and when it was delivered to a FedEx office . "  What could have possibly happened to it during that 44-hour period ? There were a lot of things that we learned about the collector , about the collection process , about the way that the entire thing worked that made us very concerned and very suspicious about what could have actually happened , " Braun said during a news conference last week . Laurenzi said he collected urine samples from Braun along with two other players on October 1 , a Saturday , and the samples were sealed , placed in a sealed bag and then placed into a sealed cardboard box . He finished the collection at 5 p.m. and took the samples home because there was "  no FedEx office located within 50 miles of Miller Park that would ship packages that day or Sunday . " Laurenzi said the testing policy requires collectors to take samples to their homes until FedEx can immediately send the sample to the laboratory . He said the sample was stored in his basement office in areas sufficiently cool enough to store urine . He then shipped the sample on Monday , October 3 . "  It is my understanding that the samples were received at the laboratory with all tamper resistant seals intact , " Laurenzi said . The arbitrator 's decision last week to overturn Braun 's suspension marked the first successful appeal of a suspension under Major League Baseball 's anti-drug policy . Braun , 28 , led the Brewers to the team 's first division title in three decades in 2011 , with a .332 batting average , 33 home runs and 111 runs batted in . He was slapped with the suspension in December after the drug test , which the sports network ESPN , citing unidentified sources , said showed high levels of testosterone . Braun said at the time there were "  highly unusual circumstances " that would show his innocence . The arbitration panel apparently agreed , voting 2-1 to overturn the suspension , according to the MLB Players Association . Major League Baseball 's executive vice president for labor relations , Rob Manfred , roundly rejected Braun 's accusations , though he said some changes may be made in the testing process . "  Major League Baseball runs the highest quality drug testing program of any professional sports organization in the world . ... Our program is not ` fatally flawed . ' Changes will be made promptly to clarify the instructions provided to collectors regarding when samples should be delivered to FedEx based on the arbitrator 's decision , " he wrote in a statement released last week . CNN 's Alan Silverleib David Close and Kara Devlin contributed to this report	"  At no point did I tamper in any way with the samples , " the collector says The collector waited nearly two days to deliver his sample , Ryan Braun says His 50-games suspension has been tossed out
CNN  F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible , according to military officials . Southwest Airlines Flight 2492 and Delta Flight 1156 landed safely at the airport and were searched by bomb disposal units , according to airline officials . Nothing out of the ordinary was found , officials said . One runway was closed temporarily , causing delays for other flights as passengers on the two flights were questioned and their luggage was searched by bomb-sniffing dogs , officials said . Delta spokesman Morgan Durant said , "  It was a Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta , Georgia , flight . Delta is supporting the sweeping process carried out by authorities . " The Southwest flight was coming from Milwaukee , Wisconsin . The F-16 fighter jets were from McEntire Joint National Guard Base in South Carolina and returned to the base after the passenger planes landed . "  What you see is a very hefty response , " said CNN Aviation Correspondent Rene Marsh . Due to the current world wide terror threats "  no one wants to take the risk , " she said . Normal operations returned to Atlanta 's airport after nothing suspicious was discovered during the searches .	Both flights landed safely , nothing out of the ordinary was found on the planes Two F-16 fighters returned to their base in South Carolina after accompanying the planes to the Atlanta airport
New York  CNN  -- The details of the prisoner-exchange deal announced between Israel and Hamas -- a swap of Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier held captive by Hamas since 2006 , for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners -- are not yet fully known . But after five years of failed negotiations , it is clear that both sides have made concessions . And that is a sign of hope . The unrest in the Middle East , and especially in Syria , has been a powerful catalyst for Hamas to capitalize while it can on Israel 's desire to bring Shalit home . The unrest in Damascus is forcing the external political leadership of Hamas , led by Khaled Meshaal , to relocate to the Gulf -- further away from the front lines with Israel and a political environment less sympathetic to its radical policies . The huge upsurge of popularity for Hamas 's rival , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , following last month 's push for UN recognition of Palestine as a member state , would also have been a catalyst for Hamas to conclude an agreement by being more flexible . The return home of 1,000 prisoners , including some  but not all  of the most hardcore terrorists with the blood of hundreds of Israelis on their hands , will do wonders for Hamas ' popularity -- not only in Gaza but in the West Bank and the Palestinian diaspora as well . From the Hamas point of view , the time for a deal had clearly arrived . For Israel , the growing instability in Egypt was a factor making a deal imperative now , or a risk that it would never happen . The Egyptians have played a major role as intermediaries , allowing both sides to negotiate without actually having to deal directly .  In the last stage of the bargaining , held in Cairo since July , Israel 's negotiators sat in one room and Hamas in another , and the Egyptians acted as go-between .  The Egyptians will play a role in the actual physical exchange of the prisoners as well . Given that Cairo mobs sacked Israel 's embassy there just a month ago and that the military rulers of Egypt had to be forced  by the US  to intervene , Israel has good reason to fear that Egypt 's ability to facilitate the deal with Hamas might not last forever . Another consideration was the determination by the Israel Defense Forces ' new Chief of Staff , Benny Gantz , that there were no realistic military options for freeing Shalit . He was joined by the recently appointed heads of Israel 's other security services -- the Mossad and the Shabak  internal security  -- who withdrew their opposition to the release of so many convicted terrorists . No Israeli Prime Minister would have overridden the unanimous recommendations of the security establishment , and the green light for the agreement from this sector was vital . Similarly , no Israeli politician would have overridden public sentiment on this issue , but here the vast majority of Israel 's public has been clearly in favor of the swap agreement for the past few years . This sentiment was skillfully articulated through a public campaign conducted by the Shalit family , their friends and associates . Shalit 's family have been camping outside Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's official residence in Jerusalem for well over a year , and as they return home to prepare for the return of their son , the Israeli public cheers their dedication . Concern over the possible renewal of Palestinian terror following the release of so many skilled and determined terrorists is , for the moment at least , overshadowed by widespread enthusiasm at the return of the kidnapped soldier . There will be celebrations in both Israel and the Palestinian territories . But what are the long-term implications of this deal ? Pessimists will point to the dangers of rewarding terror -- both the terror of those released from jail and the act of kidnapping Israelis to have future terrorists released . Cynics will ask if Israel 's willingness to conclude the deal was not an attempt to punish Abbas for pushing ahead with his policies in the UN , despite Israeli and American opposition . But there are other considerations which give grounds for optimism . Any movement in the stalled peace process might be enough to get the wheels of this heavy cart out of the rut in which it is trapped . It appears that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had a role in the final deal , perhaps indicating a return of Turkey to constructive dealing with Israel . And the fact that Israel and Hamas have talked -- albeit indirectly -- is a welcome development . Israel 's 2005 withdrawal from Gaza might have had more positive long-term effect had this channel of communication been used then . Even more significant , the release of these prisoners removes a major obstacle from any future peace settlement between Israel and the Palestinians . An agreement will almost certainly address the issue of the thousands of Palestinians remaining in Israeli jails . Their numbers have dropped dramatically over the past few years , as the level of violence in the occupied territories has declined -- from 11,000 in 2008 to just over 4,000 after the current prisoner swap is completed . But freeing almost all of the most dangerous prisoners now , in circumstances that will be endorsed by Israeli public opinion , means there is one less impediment to be dealt with in the final settlement . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ronald W. Zweig .	Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier held captive by Hamas since 2006 , is being freed The prisoner exchange is a sign of hope , says Ronald W. Zweig The Egyptians have played a major role as intermediaries , Zweig says Israel 's release of 1,000 Palestinian prisoners may help lead to peace , he says
CNN  Hundreds of potential jurors were introduced to accused killer Aaron Hernandez during the first phase of jury selection on Friday . "  Good morning " or "  good afternoon , " he said during three scheduled sessions that lasted all day , after which jurors filled out a questionnaire kept off-limits to the public . Hernandez , former New England Patriot tight end , is indicted in the June 17 , 2013 , death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd , who was shot seven times , prosecutors say , in an industrial park around 3:30 in the morning . Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz have pleaded not guilty to the slaying . Wallace and Ortiz will be tried separately . Wearing a dark suit and plaid tie in the morning and switching to a pink tie in the afternoon , Hernandez kept a serious expression as he appeared to be constantly scanning the faces of men and women from whom 18 jurors , including six alternates , will be chosen . The pool includes more than 1,100 people from Bristol County , Massachusetts . Judge Susan Garsh outlined the importance of a jury and said she believes it 's a privilege to serve . With his defense team at his side , a clerk read the three charges to the jury pool . They are murder , unlawful possession of a .45 caliber gun and unlawful possession of .22 ammunition . Prosecutors said they have not been able to find the weapon used . It is believed to be a .45 caliber handgun . "  An indictment is just a piece of paper , " Garsh told the jury pool . "  It 's not evidence of anything . " She told the pool Hernandez is presumed innocent and that prosecutors must prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt . Outside court , defense attorneys declined to answer questions as they carted in supplies , including bottled water , paper towels and a mini-refrigerator . Acting District Attorney Thomas Quinn made a prepared statement to reporters . "  We look forward to a jury being selected that is fair and impartial to both sides . The court has gone to great lengths to ensure that this takes place , " Quinn said . "  We look forward to the start of the trial . " It 's unclear how long it will take to seat a jury . Individual questioning of potential jurors is not expected to begin until January 16 . On Friday , an official order granting immunity was issued for Jennifer Mercado , a relative of Hernandez . She also is a cousin of Tanya Singleton who spent time at Singleton 's home , where a dusty silver SUV was discovered by police in Singleton 's garage after Hernandez 's arrest . The SUV , investigators say , is believed to be connected to a 2012 double slaying in Boston . Hernandez also has been charged in that case and has pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors are also seeking immunity for Hernandez 's fiancée and mother of his child , Shayanna Jenkins . The immunity request remains under seal . Jenkins has pleaded not guilty to charges of lying to a grand jury . Authorities have suggested Jenkins may have disposed of the suspected weapon used in the killing , allegedly following instructions from Hernandez . The day after opening statements , jurors will be taken by bus to see the inside of Hernandez 's home , at the request of the defense . The panel will also be shown the killing scene , about a mile from the home , and cellphone towers that allegedly captured a ping from Hernandez 's phone in an industrial park the night of Odin Lloyd 's death in that location .	Ex football player Hernandez is charged with murder Jury selection has begun ; the pool includes more than 1,100 people
Washington  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich left the Republican presidential campaign with a mixed legacy and a campaign deep in debt . The former speaker was left for political dead last year after his top campaign advisers quit over a disagreement on the direction of the campaign and its financial structure . But he came roaring back in late 2011 -- due in part to a Republican electorate that was not sold on Mitt Romney 's candidacy . It is the past few months , though , for which he may be most remembered -- for staying in the race for too long , rather than for the big ideas he espoused on the campaign trail . "  He has not made a good case for his name after this primary is over , " said Ari Fleischer , a CNN contributor who served as President George W. Bush 's spokesman . "  And that 's a shame , because Newt 's done a lot for the Republican Party , but graciousness is part of politics . You just have to know when your time has come to walk off the stage . " For most , that time would have been after his Southern strategy failed , when he failed to win the Alabama and Mississippi primaries after coming out on top of the South Carolina and Georgia primaries . On Wednesday , Gingrich suspended his campaign and pledged to be an "  active citizen " and to continue to work on behalf of "  American exceptionalism , " energy independence and health care reform . In throwing his support to Romney , Gingrich seemed to put aside differences he and other conservatives have with the presumptive nominee and look instead to the general election . "  You know , this is not a choice between Mitt Romney and Ronald Reagan , this is a choice between Mitt Romney and the most radical leftist president in American history , " Gingrich said . After limping along for weeks , Gingrich 's campaign ended last week after a disappointing last stand in Delaware , one of five states that went for Romney that day . Campaign sources said a day later that Gingrich would end his campaign this week . Ron Brownstein , editorial director of National Journal and a CNN contributor , said the campaign 's impact on Gingrich 's legacy will be mixed . "  On the one hand , his ascent was a reminder that he remains one of the most skilled provocateurs in American politics . The fact that he was able to emerge as a serious contender , more than a decade after he last was a major player in Republican politics , was a testament to his skill at framing issues and shaping debate , " Brownstein said . "  On the other hand , the campaign was also a reminder of Gingrich 's weakness , including a self-confidence that tips over into hubris and a lack of discipline . And while Gingrich reaffirmed his identity as a politician who believes in big ideas , that image is more lasting than any of the specific ideas he proposed . " Little of Gingrich 's agenda will be part of the Republican campaign going forward , Brownstein said . "  He wanted colonizing the moon to be a symbol of thinking big and outside the box ; instead it became a symbol of grandiosity and impractical thinking . After this campaign , as before it , Gingrich will always symbolize some of both . " Campaign on the rocks early Gingrich formally announced his bid for the nomination last May , only to see it almost crash the next month when a half-dozen staffers , including the senior leadership , left the campaign . Among the gripes from the departed staffers was that it was difficult to schedule campaign events or spend the time needed to raise money to fuel the campaign . In addition , there were complaints that Gingrich 's wife , Callista , had veto power over all scheduling requests . While his staffers felt Gingrich should be hitting the trail , he and Callista embarked on a two-week luxury cruise in the Mediterranean that for some in the campaign was the last straw . Two of Gingrich 's top staffers with ties to Texas Gov. Rick Perry bolted for the Perry campaign in June , and Gingrich 's campaign was presumed dead just as it was getting started . His campaign languished over the summer and into the fall as conservatives test-drove a series of anyone-but-Romney candidates : first Michele Bachmann , then Rick Perry , then Herman Cain . As his rivals rose and fell , Gingrich turned in strong performances in GOP debates -- which earned him a second look from those who were longing for an alternative to Romney , whose conservative convictions they questioned . By December , polls had made Gingrich the front-runner with a double-digit lead over Romney . But Romney , his supporters and Gingrich opponents went on the attack -- calling his consulting firm 's work for the conservative-despised federal mortgage giant Freddie Mac "  lobbying " and re-airing dirty laundry from his previous four decades in government . After lackluster showings in Iowa and New Hampshire , Gingrich made a stand in friendlier South Carolina , with the help of a super PAC funded by casino magnate Shel Adelson which went on the attack against Romney . Gingrich scored a double-digit win . That was arguably Gingrich 's high-water mark . Florida results stop momentum Romney 's better-funded campaign , aided by friendly super PACs , crushed Gingrich in Florida and stopped his momentum . Gingrich focused his campaign on the South and Super Tuesday . He won Georgia , which he represented in Congress for 20 years , but he could n't pick up Tennessee . He went on to lose Alabama , Mississippi and Louisiana , which all went to Rick Santorum . As Gingrich and Santorum continued to split the conservative vote , calls got louder for the former speaker to drop out and make it a two-man race between Santorum and Romney . Hearing the calls , Gingrich instead suggested that Santorum drop out and questioned the former Pennsylvania senator 's qualifications . And then as Santorum surged , Gingrich suggested that he and Santorum form an alliance to "  tag-team " Romney and derail his run to the nomination . Despite all this , Gingrich did accomplish something few have , Brownstein said . "  With this campaign , Gingrich established himself as someone who has been a serious force in Republican politics in five different decades , a pretty remarkable accomplishment . " Gingrich 's five decades in government began when the then-college professor was elected to Congress in the late 1970s . He rode the Republican Contract with America into the speaker 's chair in the mid 1990s -- a pledge to the American people to institute sweeping changes if the GOP took over the majority in Congress . When Republicans took over the House in 1994 -- the first time in four decades -- Gingrich was chosen as the new speaker . Gingrich challenged President Bill Clinton 's White House as congressional Republicans pushed government cuts to help balance the budget . Both sides dug in and there were two government shutdowns -- but the shutdowns backfired on Gingrich , and Republicans came out the political losers . Gingrich led efforts to impeach Clinton over an investigation of his infidelities with White House intern Monica Lewinsky , but Clinton was acquitted . It was later revealed the Gingrich was having an affair with a congressional staffer as he was leading the charge against Clinton . Dogged by ethics questions He was also dogged by ethics issues brought by Democrats . He voluntarily turned in a $ 4.5 million book advance after critics questioned its appropriateness . And in 1997 , Gingrich agreed to pay $ 300,000 to the House to reimburse the cost of an investigation into whether he used tax-exempt funds to promote Republican causes . He was not found guilty of those charges , but was reprimanded by the House for giving what was considered misleading information . Republicans kept control of the House for a third consecutive term in the 1998 elections , but won fewer seats than expected . Gingrich took the fall . He resigned as speaker and left Congress the next year . Over the next decade , Gingrich mounted a comeback , expounding on the lecture circuit and through think tanks on how to reform government and society -- ranging from creating a new Social Security system based on what a person contributes , to completely revamping the country 's energy policy , to replacing the Environmental Protection Agency with a new Environmental Solutions Agency . He was also a prolific fundraiser for conservative candidates and causes . His visibility was elevated when he joined Fox News as a contributor , which gave him a national platform to comment on the events of the day and promote a number of books he has written on subjects ranging from the American political scene to Ronald Reagan . His Fox contract was suspended when he announced his bid for the White House . Gingrich leaves the trail with his campaign $ 4.3 million in debt , according to Federal Election Commission filings . A Republican strategist said that Gingrich 's run reflected how badly the party wanted a big thinker in the White House . "  Republicans wanted an ideas guy like Newt Gingrich to be president so badly that at times we even turned to Newt Gingrich , a fatally flawed candidate , " said Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor who advised Romney 's campaign in 2008 . Castellanos sees Gingrich 's legacy as like Moses ' : "  He helped lead his party to the promised land , but he did n't get there himself . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Mark Preston and Shannon Travis contributed to this report .	Former House speaker announces he 's suspending campaign Gingrich leaves campaign trail $ 4.3 million in debt Analysts say 2012 campaign will have mixed effects on his political legacy Gingrich 's campaign peaked with early win in South Carolina
CNN  -- "  You can be as racist as you want , as long as you keep your mouth shut , " says John Barnes . The former Liverpool great should know . The Jamaican-born England international was subjected to racist abuse including an infamous incident 27 years ago when a fan threw a banana at him during a Merseyside derby between Liverpool and rivals Everton . Barnes kicked the piece of fruit away . Fast forward to 2014 and Barcelona 's Dani Alves was similarly taunted , though the Brazilian picked up and ate the banana that had been hurled at him by a Villarreal supporter . According to Barnes , the fact that bananas are still been throwing at games shows football 's approach to tackling discrimination is befuddled . "  The way we 're trying to deal with it , in terms of getting rid of it , is wrong , " Barnes , who played for England between 1983 and 1995 , told CNN at a promotional event for YO ! Sushi aimed at encouraging fans to back Japan at the 2014 World Cup . "  Only through education and making people know why it 's wrong to do it . "  Just by saying to people ` You 're not allowed to do it ' without telling them why , explaining to them why ... Or fining them when they do it , so they just keep their mouth shut is not getting rid of it . "  Do we want to get rid of racism ? Or do we want just not to hear it ? What football is saying , by fining and banning people , is ` You can be as racist as you want , but as long as you keep your mouth shut it 's fine . ' "  That 's not what I 'm interested in . " One week after Alves was abused , Levante 's Senegalese player Papakouli Diop claimed he heard monkey chants from Atletico Madrid supporters . His response was to dance in front of his alleged abusers but , while he fully support Alves ' actions , Barnes questioned Diop 's reaction . "  I think Alves showed disdain , he showed disregard , " he added . "  He showed that if you 're being bullied and the bullies are n't effecting you , they will stop bullying you . "  If you react to it , they will continue to do it . From a playing perspective , I think that 's the right way to respond . " While praising Villarreal for acting swiftly to ban the fan who threw the banana at Alves , Barnes warned that football might be fighting a losing battle in trying to eradicate racist abuse . "  These are n't football 's problems . Until we get rid of it in society , we wo n't get rid of it in football , " added Barnes , who memorably scored a remarkable solo goal in the Maracana stadium against Brazil in a 1-0 friendly win for England in June 1984 . "  From an institutional perspective , yes you ban the fan , as the club did , if you 've got to close stadiums , fine players or take points off clubs , that 's what you do . " Football 's world governing body FIFA introduced a series of punishments after a number of high-profile racism cases in 2013 . The punishments for a first offense is a warning , fine or the club in question being forced to play games in empty stadiums . A second offense , or one deemed "  serious , " could result in demotion , a deduction of points or expulsion from a tournament .	John Barnes says football must change its approach to tackling racism The former Liverpool great had a banana thrown at him during a match in 1987 Barcelona 's Dani Alves was subjected to similar abuse recently against Villarreal Barnes says football must focus on education rather than sanctions
New York  CNN  -- Things a 7-year-old boy expects Mom to put in his backpack : A peanut butter sandwich . Pencils . Maybe even a nice note with a little heart scrawled on it . Things he does n't : a flare gun , a .22 - caliber pistol , a loaded magazine and , for good measure , 14 more bullets in a plastic bag . But that 's exactly what a second-grader had inside his Batman backpack Thursday morning when he arrived at Wave Preparatory Elementary School in Far Rockaway in Queens , Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said Friday . 3 injured after shotgun accidentally fires at N.C. gun show The mom , Deborah Farley , 53 , told police she had been , according to Browne , "  out walking the streets of Queens late Wednesday night " with the guns in her son 's backpack and she forgot to take them out . She rushed back to school after dropping him off Thursday and asked the boy what he 'd done with the gun , Browne said . When the boy told her he 'd handed it over to a classmate , she finally came clean to administrators , who put the school on lockdown and called police . As it turns out , the boy had given away the flare gun , but police found the pistol , the loaded magazine and the bag of bullets still in his bag , according to Browne . Nobody was hurt , but police arrested Farley on Friday on charges of endangering the welfare of a child and criminal possession of a firearm . The pistol was unlicensed , Browne said . A search of the woman 's home found more ammunition and seven plastic bags of marijuana , Browne said . Child protective workers took the boy and his 9-year-old brother into custody , he said . Newspaper removes controversial online database of gun permit holders	New York police say a Queens mom put guns in her son 's school backpack She says she forgot to take them out before school The discovery of the guns caused a lockdown Now the mom is facing charges and two of her sons are in protective custody
A struggling English youth club could have its fortunes turned around , thanks to a rather unusual gift . When an image appeared last month on the website of famous street artist Banksy , the race was on to find the original . The work , showing a couple embracing while checking their cell phones , was tracked down to a wall of the Broad Plain Boys youth center in the southwestern city of Bristol . Hours later , the Banksy -- believed to be spray-painted on a black piece of wood screwed onto the wall -- had been removed for safekeeping . It is currently on display in a city art gallery . Now , the notoriously elusive graffiti artist has written a letter confirming that the artwork is his and given his blessing for the cash-strapped club to make money from it . The painting could fetch hundreds of thousands of dollars , based on sales of past works . In a letter addressed to Dennis Stinchcombe of the Broad Plain Boys Club , the artist says that he intended the work to be "  a small visual gift for the area -- but apparently a financial one would 've been more useful . " "  I do n't normally admit to causing criminal damage but seeing as it looks like charges wo n't be brought any time soon you have my blessing to do what is right with the piece . " Stinchcombe said it was hard to believe the club 's stroke of good fortune . "  It was very surreal , " he said . "  You dream that it 's going to happen . You do n't think it will happen , and when it does , it 's like ` boom ' -- it 's like winning  on  a lottery ticket , really . ... I was ecstatic . It was such a buzz to think , ` hang on a minute , all our troubles are over . ' " The club has been serving young people in the city since 1894 , he said , but its finances have suffered during the recent economic downturn . "  Money is tight . We were getting to a stage where we could 've run out of money if we did n't do something drastic about it , " he said . "  Lo and behold , a Banksy comes along , which we never planned . It was just one of those things . " The artwork will stay in the museum for the moment , he said , but the club plans to auction it so it can help as many young people in Bristol as possible . It will probably set up a trust , Stinchcombe said , which will be "  a legacy to Banksy , forever and a day " and help keep young people "  off the streets and out of trouble . " More than 20,000 people have been to see the piece in the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery , he said . George Ferguson , mayor of Bristol , said in a statement that the letter was confirmed as authentic and that he believed the city had "  done the right thing " in looking after the artwork while displaying it in aid of the boys club . He and Stinchcombe had agreed that if Banksy was to "  send a signal " that the artwork was to benefit the club , he would be more than happy to oblige , the mayor said . "  Dennis said he would like it to benefit both the club and other youth projects in Bristol which would be a brilliant resolution , " he added . "  Thank you Banksy ! " A company that held an auction of "  salvaged " Banksy street works  PDF  last month , Sincura Group , estimated their values as ranging from $ 170,000 to nearly $ 850,000 . The artist 's last high-profile project was a month-long street art "  residency " in New York in October . Is it a Banksy ? UK street art image appears to show spies at work Banksy bids farewell to New York with balloons Bigger than Banksy : Polish street art goes large INTERACTIVE : Banksy takes over NYC	The artwork was spray-painted on the wall of the club last month Club leader says being given the Banksy artwork is like winning the lottery The club will auction it to raise funds to help young people in the city of Bristol
CNN  ISIS fighters seized several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi in an hours-long assault Friday that included suicide and car bombs , an Iraqi provincial official said . At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , according to Faleh al-Essawi , the deputy head of Iraq 's Anbar provincial council . And the head of the Iraqi military operation in Anbar province , Gen. Qassim al-Muhammadi , was wounded . The northern Ramadi districts of Albu Faraj , Albu Essa and Albu Risha were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done . Located about 70 miles  110 kilometers  west of Baghdad , Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months . ISIS took over parts of that western Anbar city in the first half of 2014 , and it 's been part of a tug of war ever since . Iraqi security forces discovered tunnels in February that they say could have led opposition fighters to a central government compound in the city . But they did n't find all of them : A few weeks later , ISIS detonated hundreds of homemade bombs from a tunnel underneath an army headquarters there , according to Sabah Al-Karhout , the head of the Anbar provincial council . More than 40 Iraqi soldiers died in that explosion . Iraqi and allied forces have made inroads in recent weeks , beating back the group that calls itself the Islamic State , which took over vast swaths of Iraq and neighboring Syria last year . Their most high-profile victory , for instance , was the recapture of Tikrit . And U.S.-led airstrikes have already made a difference , according to officials in Washington and beyond . Still , ISIS remains a formidable force and , as the Ramadi assault shows , one that 's still capable and willing to go on offense to take territory . That may be best illustrated by the case of Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city and the site of one of its biggest embarrassments when Iraqi soldiers and police dropped their weapons and fled their posts as ISIS forces advanced last June . A U.S. official said in February that up to 25,000 Iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May . But , on Thursday , a senior official in U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration appeared to back away from that timeline -- saying an Iraqi-led assault on Mosul "  might be some time from now  or  might be soon . " Calling for "  patience , " an administration official said that winning Mosul is a complex endeavor . The same could be said for the entire effort to defeat ISIS . It will "  take a lot of capacity , " the official said , "  and some time to build . " CNN 's Kim Acosta contributed to this report .	Anbar provincial official : Suicide and car bombs were part of the ISIS assault Iraqi and allied forces have had recent success , but ISIS remains powerful
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi police and soldiers on Saturday launched major raids in a once-notorious insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad . Saturday 's raids in Falluja by Iraqi forces were similar to U.S.-led sweeps in the city in 2004 , shown here . A police official in the Anbar province city of Falluja told CNN that a large number of security forces were scouring its Sinaie district for an array of weapons -- machine guns , mortars , rocket-propelled grenades and small arms . The Sinaie area , in Falluja 's southeastern section , is an industrial district with factories , scrap yards and large , abandoned yards . The area used to be a stronghold of the insurgency in Falluja until the militants were driven out in major military operations five years ago . At that time , the U.S.-led offensive was largely in response to the brutal ambush , killing and mutilation of four U.S. security contractors . Their charred bodies were left dangling from a bridge over the Euphrates River in spring 2004 . In November of that year , U.S. and Iraqi forces attacked insurgents in Falluja , killing about 1,200 militants . Eight Iraqi soldiers and 51 U.S. troops , mostly Marines , died in urban combat , according to the Pentagon . About 95 percent of Falluja 's population was displaced . Falluja is about 37 miles , or 60 kilometers , west of Baghdad After the city was pacified , the United States committed more than $ 200 million to reconstruction projects there , and changes became evident . Small cafes and grocery stores lined the streets once dusty and abandoned . Iraqis in Falluja got back to the rhythms of everyday life : They worked , shopped -- and rebuilt . As fragile security gains took root , American military officials marveled at the resurgent city of several hundred thousand . On Saturday , a police official denied reports that armed groups were trying to re-establish a foothold in the area . The U.S. military said Marines and police in the nearby town of Karma were also participating in a combined cache sweep . Violence has dropped in Iraq , and President Obama 's administration has been gearing up to withdraw U.S. troops . The U.S. military continues to be on guard for flare-ups in violence and insurgent activity . The vast and predominantly Sunni Arab Anbar province was a battleground between the U.S. military and al Qaeda in Iraq during the earlier years of the Iraq war . But the insurgents eventually lost ground when a grass-roots movement called "  the awakening " emerged . The tribe-based awakening forces rejected al Qaeda in Iraq and turned their allegiances toward the U.S. and Iraqi government . While the awakening does n't have clout in Falluja , there are pockets of support just outside the city , as well as in the rest of the province . Al Qaeda in Iraq 's strongest presence in the country is now in the Mosul area , in Nineveh province , north of Baghdad .	Iraqi police official says security forces were scouring Sinaie district of Falluja U.S. military : Marines and area police assisting in combined cache sweep Anbar province is vast and violent scene of U.S. and al Qaeda in Iraq encounters
CNN  -- When George Washington Vanderbilt , a descendent of the prominent Vanderbilt family , moved into his expansive new home in Asheville , North Carolina , back in 1895 , he invited friends and family over for a lavish party on Christmas Eve . The holiday tradition continues to this day at Biltmore House , as the 250-room French Renaissance-style chÃ cents teau celebrates the holidays with an elaborate Victorian era-inspired spectacle boasting 56 hand-decorated Christmas trees , 1,000 poinsettias , 300 luminaries and miles and miles of fresh garland . But the Biltmore is n't the only grand U.S. estate that puts on a show come December . Here 's the scoop on what Biltmore House and five other historic homes are doing to commemorate this special time of year . Biltmore Estate Asheville , North Carolina Widely considered one of the South 's most beloved holiday destinations , the Biltmore attracts visitors from near and far for its seasonal tribute covering practically every inch of the 135,000-square-foot manse and surrounding 8,000 acres . But the celebration does n't stop at the decorations . In addition to the usual daily self-guided tours of America 's largest home , where you can view the Vanderbilts ' original collection of furnishings , art and antiques , there are special nightly candlelight tours , visits with Santa , holiday decorating seminars led by the Biltmore 's floral and gardening experts , a gingerbread house tea , musical performances and more . Adult tickets start at $ 49 for daytime entry in December . Evening visits start at $ 69 for adults . Reservations may be required on busy days . 8 great places to completely unplug Winchester Mystery House San Jose , California In 1884 , Sarah Winchester , a New England rifle heiress grieving the loss of her husband and child , started construction on an unusual California mansion she believed would appease evil spirits . She continued to add on to the sprawling Victorian house until her own passing 38 years later . Today , the estate is a popular tourist attraction for both its extravagant design  it boasts 160 rooms , 2,000 doors , 10,000 windows and 47 stairways  and the supposed paranormal activities surrounding it . But each holiday season , it 's the spirit of Christmas that takes over . Daily tours show off the more than 20 designer Christmas trees and other colorful embellishments , with roving carolers , violinists and other performers making select nighttime tours even more joyous . Visitors can also enjoy the hot chocolate bar , snap family Christmas photos and shop in the boutique for ornaments and other gifts . Daytime holiday tours are $ 33 for adults . Adults pay $ 20 for evening admission to holiday events . Best affordable island hotels The Breakers , The Elms and Marble House Newport , Rhode Island The town of Newport has multiple properties on the National Register of Historic Places , all of which were once the summer "  cottages " of wealthy silver heiresses , senators and the like . Three of these decadent Gilded Age dwellings deck their halls each December for the annual Christmas at the Newport Mansions event , where festival goers can chat with jolly ol' Saint Nick  eggnog and cookies provided  , attend evening concerts , capture pics of the gingerbread masterpieces created by local pastry chefs and more . The opulent "  cottages " hosting holiday events are The Breakers , an Italian Renaissance-style palazzo finished in 1895 for Cornelius Vanderbilt II ; The Elms , a summer house completed in 1901 for coal magnate Edward Julius Berwind ; and Marble House , which was inspired by the Petit Trianon at Versailles and completed in 1892 for Mr. and Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt . The homes will be open for tours as well , each of them festooned with holiday finery as they would have been back in their heyday . A Winter Passport for admission to all three houses is $ 28 for adults . Hillwood Estate , Museum & Gardens Washington , D.C. . The name Marjorie Merriweather Post is familiar to many as the former owner of another one of this country 's most impressive estates -- Mar-A-Lago , in Palm Beach , Florida . But it was at this neo-Georgian-style mansion surrounded by 13 acres of formal gardens in northwest D.C. where she would live out the rest of her life . In 1977 , it became a museum showcasing both her impeccable taste and worldly possessions , including one of the most comprehensive collections of Russian imperial art outside of that country . In keeping with Post 's interest in Russian culture , Hillwood hosts , among other Christmas-themed events , an annual Russian Winter Festival . Grandfather Frost  Russia 's version of Santa Claus  and his granddaughter , the Snow Maiden , are on hand for the festivities , which include traditional bands , choirs , and dancing and the chance to make an authentic ladies ' kokoshnik  headdress  or gentlemen 's winter hat . This year 's festival will be held December 14 and 15 . Admission to the festival is $ 18 for adults . Oak Alley Plantation Vacherie , Louisiana This gorgeous antebellum plantation along the banks of the Mississippi , named for the row of centuries-old live oaks leading up to the main house , has its share of stories -- there 's an old slave quarters on site -- but the setting is hard to beat . The estate is even more enticing when embellished with fresh fruit , lush greenery and other Creole touches as it would have been in holidays past . The 1850s Christmas decor is on view all month . Another yearly tradition here is the lively Christmas Bonfire Party , complete with costumed hostesses , a brass quintet , carolers , dancing and nonstop food and drink , culminating with hot chocolate and beignets from 11 to midnight . This year 's bonfire event on December 7 is already sold out , so if the idea is enticing , mark December 6 on your calendar for next year 's blaze . Eats and beats also dominate the Christmas Sunday Jazz Brunch held a couple of weekends later on December 22 and reservations are still available . The brunch is $ 50 per person and $ 25 for children under 12 . Admission to the house is $ 20 for adults . Hearst Castle San Simeon , California It 's been said that Christmas was one of William Randolph Hearst 's favorite holidays and that an invitation to the decadent holiday parties he threw at his magnificent West Coast compound was quite the get . Luckily you do n't have to wait for an invite to experience Hearst Castle in all of its seasonal splendor . Decorated as it would have been back in the 1920s and 1930s during the famed newspaper magnate 's reign , this 165-room Moorish castle is a sight to behold , from the grand social rooms on the ground floor to the private rooms on the upper levels . The Grand Rooms Tour  $ 25 for adults  and the Evening Tour  $ 36 for adults  are recommended for viewing the holiday decorations .	Lavish estates are prime spots for soaking up lavish holiday displays The Biltmore House in North Carolina is a big draw at Christmas Newport , Rhode Island 's Gilded Age "  cottages " are not too shabby either
CNN  -- Robert Levy , father of the Capitol Hill intern found slain nine years ago in Washington 's Rock Creek Park , revealed to The Washington Post recently something he had never shared before but that all parents understand . When he dropped off Chandra , 24 , at the Metro a week before she was reported missing , "  Something inside of me knew it was going to be the last time I ever saw her . I just wish I had done something . " He did n't tell anyone , including his wife , about his misgiving . Not during the investigation of U.S. Rep. Gary Condit , who was having an affair with Chandra . Not when a day laborer from El Salvador was arrested for Chandra 's murder . Only now , nine years later , can Robert Levy admit the guilt he still feels . Surely , he knows that he 's being irrational . Chandra was living and working in the nation 's capital , not a war zone . What was he going to do ? Tell her to get back in the car ? Do not be embarrassed , Mr. Levy . We all have these feelings about our children . And we rarely act on them . According to Bureau of Justice statistics , violent crimes against Americans 12 and older are at their lowest level in more than three decades . As young people move through their 20s , their victimization rate , already low , declines further . We in the media fail to remind people enough of these things . We sometimes forget such statistics , however , because new and old forms of media feed us a 24-hour-a-day diet of menace and mayhem -- the constancy of which previous generations of parents did n't experience . As Alfred Blumstein , a professor at Carnegie Mellon University and criminal justice expert , says , "  We 're inundated with information about crimes . The more bizarre and horrendous , the more saliency they get . " The steady drumbeat of crime pumps up our anxiety that something bad may happen to our child that we could have or should have prevented . Maybe it surfaces the first time we leave our infant with a baby sitter . Or when we give our elementary school-age daughter permission to start walking home from school by herself and she does n't call us at work the minute she gets there . It 's not just criminals we fear . We agree reluctantly to let our 17-year-old son , a newly licensed driver , drive his friends home from soccer practice . It 's 8 p.m. , he 's not home yet and we start to fret . Or we put our college student on an airplane and for a split second think , "  What if that thunderstorm they 're predicting takes the plane down ? " When my grown son went scuba diving for the first time on the Great Barrier Reef , I woke up in the middle of the night worrying that his oxygen tank might fail . Had I talked enough with him about precautions he should take ? Did the tour guide know how to reach my husband and I right away should something happen ? I told myself , "  He 's 25 , for God 's sake . " That helped , but not much . We question ourselves less frequently as our children get older , but not a lot less . Why ? Daniel Keating , a psychology professor at the University of Michigan , suspects there 's more to it than media coverage . Parents are more deeply involved in their older children 's private lives than previous generations were , he says . College is no longer the "  declaration of independence " it used to be , for child or parent , but rather a continuation of credit card charges , daily phone calls and regular texts . We continue to prop up our children long after they actually need us to . It 's not surprising , then , that when something bad happens , we assume we could have done something to prevent it . The ability to stay connected round-the-clock may be the clincher . Remember when we were in college and our parents had to phone the front desk of our dorms in the hopes of reaching us ? They knew there was a good chance we would n't get the message until the next day , if at all . Logistics made it silly , if not useless , for them to worry immediately . With texting and Twitter , Keating says , "  We have the technical ability of constant surveillance . This keeps our children constantly in our minds . " We need not cut connections , although fewer peeks on Facebook might not be a bad idea . And , says Keating , we need not -- indeed we should not -- repress our fears . Instead , he advises parents to identify the specific event they 're afraid of and counter with the evidence that it 's really unlikely . "  If possible , let it fly away as rapidly as it flew in , " he says . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Laura Stepp : Robert Levy , Chandra 's dad , feared he would n't see her again He did n't tell anyone , Stepp says , but now acknowledges the guilt he feels All parents share fears about losing a child they love , Stepp writes , but do n't act She says media drumbeat of crime , parents ' deeper involvement exacerbate fears
CNN  -- A car bomb killed at least four people in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , authorities said . It was the first time a car bomb has been used to attack federal police , said the city 's mayor , Jose Reyes Ferriz . The incident happened about 8 p.m. Thursday in the city 's most violent zone . Juarez municipal police spokesman Jacinto Seguro said Friday that federal police were responding to a call that a police officer had been killed . "  When they went to check the car , there was a dead body in there , dressed up like a police officer , but it was n't one of ours , " Seguro said . "  They put him in a civilian car but dressed him up in a municipal police uniform . That 's when the bomb went off . It 's like an act of terrorism . " Two police officers , a paramedic and a civilian were killed , federal police spokesman Ramon Salinas said . Six people , including a local news cameraman , were injured in the blast , authorities said . Four people -- three paramedics and a civilian -- were still being treated for injuries , police said . It was unclear how severe the injuries are . Canal 5 video footage from moments after the blast captures seconds of confusion , followed by fires and debris scattered across the street . At one point , the cameraman shooting the video reaches for an injured civilian , and a police officer says , "  Grab onto my arm . Grab onto my arm . " Although Mexican authorities say the attack was the result of a car bomb , a counterterrorism expert said there is "  some confusion " about exactly what caused the car to explode . "  For this to be an improvised grenade attack , in some capacity , it does n't surprise me , " said Fred Burton , vice president of intelligence at Stratfor , a privately owned global Intelligence service . But if this particular car bomb was manufactured to the level of sophistication similar to those used by terrorist groups like Hezbollah , then this is a significant event , Burton said . "  The devil is in the details , " he added . Jose Marulanda , a security analyst based in Bogota , Colombia , called Friday 's bombing a "  turning point " in Mexico 's drug war and found it remniscent of Colombia 's own battle with cartels and car bombs in the 1990s . "  Because if they decide to start using car bombs one against the other ... then the whole society , bystanders , innocent people could be affected , " he told CNN . He said that while Friday 's car bombing did not appear very sophisticated , he noted that Mexican drug cartels are often advised by former members of Colombian cartels . He said the Colombian cartels are influenced by FARC , the guerrilla group which has waged war against the Colombian government for decades and "  has a lot of experience with explosives . " "  We could expect more sophistication day after day if they decided to go on with these car bombs , " he said . According to Seguro , the Juarez cartel claimed the deadly incident in a graffiti message found in downtown Juarez . In what appears to be black spray paint , the violent drug cartel wrote , "  what happened on September avenue will keep happening to all the authorities who keep supporting El Chapo . Sincerely - the Juarez cartel . " The threatening message concluded : "  We still have car bombs . " "  This is significant because usually it 's La Linea , the Juarez cartel 's operatives , that sign the messages , " Reyes said . "  It 's as if to say , ` Now , it 's the big guys in charge , not the operatives . ' " Salinas said the blast in the Mexican border city took place as authorities were responding to "  some sort of emergency . " Earlier in the day , police announced the arrest of Jesus Armando Acosta Guerrero , believed to be a leader in the Juarez cartel -- one of two drug trafficking organizations operating in the area . There had been relative calm in the city since elections were held there July 4 . But Thursday 's explosion and an attack Sunday against Mexican federal police mark the third and fourth major incidents in recent weeks . On June 29 , a shooting between suspected drug traffickers and Mexican federal police left one officer dead . The shooting was seen as a watershed moment in the ongoing border drug war : Several bullets from that gunfight strayed across the border into Texas , hitting El Paso City Hall . There were no injuries reported on the U.S. side . On April 24 , six federal police officers were killed in a daylight shooting in Juarez . Hours later , a painted message found in the city , allegedly from members of La Linea , claimed responsibility for the attack . La Linea is an extension of the Juarez cartel , made up in part of former Juarez police officers , according to authorities . Assaults against federal police have increased since they took full control of security in the city from the Mexican military on April 9 . "  There have been at least a dozen , maybe 15 , attacks against the federal police since we took over " security , Salinas said . The Juarez cartel and the Sinaloa cartel have been in a bloody turf war since 2008 . More than 5,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Juarez during the turf war , according to local authorities . CNN 's Nick Valencia and CNN en Espanol 's Gustavo Valdes contributed to this story .	NEW : Analyst : Bombing could be a "  turning point " in Mexico 's drug war A man dressed as a police officer was found in the car just before it exploded "  We still have car bombs , " the Juarez cartel claimed in a message found downtown A counterterrorism expert says there is "  some confusion " about explosion
CNN  Pope Francis risked Turkish anger on Sunday by using the word "  genocide " to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire . "  In the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , " the Pope said at a Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Armenian massacres . "  The first , which is widely considered ` the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own Armenian people , " he said , referencing a 2001 declaration by Pope John Paul II and the head of the Armenian church . His use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset Turkey . The nation recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "  consultations " just hours after Francis ' comments , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said . Earlier , Turkey summoned the ambassador from the Vatican for a meeting , Turkish state broadcaster TRT reported . Turkey 's former ambassador to the Vatican , Kenan Gursoy , told CNN in a telephone interview that while it is the first time Turkey has summoned its ambassador home from the Vatican , "  This does not mean that our diplomatic ties with the Vatican are over . " "  Since this is a situation that we do not approve of , as a first reaction ,  the ambassador  is summoned to get consultation , " Gursoy said , adding that the Pope 's use of the word "  genocide " was "  a one-sided evaluation . " In a tweet Sunday on his official account , Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called the Pope 's use of the word "  unacceptable " and "  out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis . " "  Religious offices are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations , " the tweet reads . This consternation over the use of the word ` genocide ' occurs regularly . And Armenians are equally upset , when Turkey protests it . Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian rebuked Turkey . "  We are in a situation in which Turkey speaks a different language from the rest of the international community and it seems that it does n't understand that it is speaking a different language , " he said to Italian News Agency Adnkronos . "  During these past days there have been several international organizations that adopt resolutions or issue statements that recognize the Armenian genocide and that appeal to Turkey to make this step , " he said . "  The Pope 's statement are in this context of universal value . When Turkey is able to understand this , it will be able to understand what the International community and big personalities  or better translations ` leaders '  are saying . " Armenian groups and many scholars say that Turks planned and carried out genocide , starting in 1915 , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the final years of the Ottoman Empire . Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , saying hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Turkish Muslims died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I . The Armenian government and influential Armenian diaspora groups have urged countries around the world to formally label the 1915 events as genocide . Turkey has responded with pressure of its own against such moves . Pope Francis said Sunday that "  Catholic and Orthodox Syrians , Assyrians , Chaldeans and Greeks " were also killed in the bloodshed a century ago . He said Nazism and Stalinism were responsible for the other two "  massive and unprecedented tragedies " of the past century . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz in Turkey , Nimet Kirac and Karen Smith in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Former Turkish ambassador to the Vatican calls use of the word "  genocide " a "  one-sided evaluation " Pope discusses massacres of Armenians a century after they took place Turkey denies the mass killings constituted a genocide
WIRED  -- For downloading data , the Verizon iPhone is slower than the AT&T iPhone , and it 's also slower than most other Verizon smartphones , according to a study published Monday . Mobile analysis firm Metrico performed a comprehensive study on several AT&T and Verizon handsets , including the iPhone on both networks . The data suggests the differences between AT&T and Verizon are greater than we initially thought . The debut of the iPhone on Verizon sheds light on more subtle differences between the Verizon and AT&T networks . Now that both networks have the same data-intensive iPhone capable of performing identical tests , it 's been easier for researchers to collect more comparable data . Independent tests by multiple publications , including Wired.com , have found that AT&T 's network is faster , while Verizon 's is more reliable with phone calls . Metrico 's tests paint a conflicting picture . Some of their findings : -- The Verizon iPhone performed "  below average " in data download speeds when compared to other Verizon phones including the HTC Incredible . -- For voice calls , the Verizon iPhone was one of the highest ranked in noise-canceling performance and was an average performer in voice quality . -- The AT&T iPhone was the top performer in data transfer rates , but it ranks lower in call performance and Bluetooth speech quality compared to some BlackBerry , HTC and Samsung phones . -- The AT&T iPhone completed 10 % more download sessions than the Verizon iPhone when the handsets were moving in a car , for instance . -- But the Verizon iPhone had a 10 % better success rate when uploading data in a stationary environment , like sitting at your desk . The rest of Metrico 's results tell the story we 've already heard : The AT&T iPhone 's download speeds are about double the mean download speed of Verizon 's . However , even though AT&T 's iPhone downloaded files faster , when it comes to loading web pages , the average load time is about the same on both devices , Metrico added . Metrico explained that many different factors affect web performance , including network latency and the operating system 's rendering times .  Indeed , a previous bandwidth test performed by Speedtest.net found that both the Verizon and AT&T iPhones turned in the same average latency times of about 350 milliseconds . Most peculiar to Wired.com is that the Verizon iPhone is "  below average " in download speeds compared to other Verizon handsets . Was the handset purposely slowed down to avoid overloading Verizon 's network ? Is there something about Apple 's hardware that makes it slower than other handset makers ? It 's tough to say : Metrico does n't have theories to explain the test results . "  I ca n't say it 's related to technology at this point , " said Rich McNally , vice president of information product at Metrico . "  We 're measuring what happened , not necessarily why . " To perform the study , Metrico put each phone through live tests on the AT&T or Verizon networks , as well as Metrico 's own simulated network . On the simulated network , the phones completed tests and transferred data to Metrico 's servers for more consistent , controlled results . The phones were also tested in both stationary and mobile environments . For mobile testing , the phones were tested inside automobiles while driving . In all , the company performed more than 10,000 web page downloads , 2,000 data download/upload tests , and 4,000 voice calls . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	AT&T 's network is faster , while Verizon 's is more reliable with phone calls The AT&T iPhone 's download speeds are about double the speed of Verizon 's The Verizon iPhone had a 10 % better success rate when uploading data when sitting still
CNN  -- Tensions between India and Pakistan flared Sunday in the Kashmir region , with at least one Pakistani soldier killed in the violence , its military said . But exactly what happened depends on the source . According to the Pakistani military , Indian troops crossed the Line of Control -- the de facto border between India and Pakistan in the disputed Kashmir region -- and attacked a military post . "  Pakistan Army troops effectively responded and repulsed the attack successfully , " but one Pakistani soldier was killed and another critically injured , the military said . The Indian Defense Ministry , however , said Pakistani troops opened fire unprovoked on Indian posts in the north Uri sector of Indian-administered Kashmir . Indian troops retaliated and forced Pakistani troops to stop firing , the defense ministry said . The ministry did not immediately report the number of casualties , but said three civilians were killed by Pakistani shelling in the area last October . The territory under dispute lies in India 's Kashmir Valley , separated from Pakistan by the 450-mile Line of Control . The two south Asian nuclear neighbors have had a bilateral ceasefire along the de facto border since November 2003 . But the ceasefire has been violated repeatedly , with both sides accusing each other of offenses . Bilateral talks were temporarily suspended in 2008 following an attack by Pakistani militants in Mumbai , India 's most populous city . The negotiations resumed last year . The conflict dates back to 1947 after Britain relinquished control of the Indian subcontinent , giving birth to India and Pakistan . Read more : South Asian rivals take baby steps to warmer relations Kashmir was free to accede to either nation . Maharaja Hari Singh , the ruler of the kingdom at the time , initially chose to remain independent but eventually opted to join India , thereby handing key powers to the central government in New Delhi . In exchange , India guaranteed him military protection and vowed to hold a popular vote on the issue . The South Asian rivals have fought two of three wars over the territorial issue -- in 1947 and in 1965 . A third conflict between India and Pakistan erupted in 1999 after Pakistani-backed forces infiltrated Indian-controlled Kashmir in the Kargil area . Read more : 2 police officers killed in Kashmir attacks Islamabad has always maintained that majority-Muslim Kashmir should have been a part of Pakistan . A United Nations ' resolution adopted after the first war called for a referendum allowing the people of Kashmir to choose which country they wanted to join , but that vote for self-determination has never been held . Pakistan wants that referendum to take place . India claims that Pakistan lends support to separatist groups fighting against government control and argues that a 1972 agreement mandates a resolution to the Kashmir dispute through bilateral talks . Read more : Pakistani Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker Mukhtar Ahmad reported from Srinagar , India ; Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , Pakistan . CNN 's Nasir Habib also contributed to this report .	NEW : India says Pakistan started firing first Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control on Sunday morning , Pakistan says Pakistan says one of its soldiers is critically injured
CNN  -- Go ahead and grab a tissue before you watch this one . It 's hard not to get swept up in the emotion of singer/rapper/producer Pharrell Williams as he breaks down while discussing his hit song "  Happy " with Oprah Winfrey . Appearing on Winfrey 's "  Oprah Prime " show on the OWN network , Williams said the song did n't get much traction until he released a music video in November . Then everything went "  boom . " "  And we were like , ` What 's happening ? ' " he said . "  First of all , people are putting up their own videos . It was like no longer my song . " Winfrey then showed a compilation video of fans around the world displaying what "  Happy " meant to them . The singer was so moved he wept . "  It 's overwhelming because it 's like I love what I do , " Williams said . "  I just appreciate the fact that people have believed in me for so long , that I could make it to this point to feel that . " Winfrey said it made her cry also . "  It 's being used for something that 's greater than yourself , " she said . "  I get that . " After Williams ' clearly genuine reaction , Winfrey also had some thoughts as to why the song has become so popular . "  I so now get why it 's so infectious , " she said . "  Because it came from such a clear space that the energy was absolutely uninterrupted by anything other than allowing it to flow from heart to heart . "	The singer becomes overwhelmed talking to Oprah Winfrey He says "  Happy " is no longer just his song Winfrey says she gets now why the song is so popular
CNN  -- Pakistan on Sunday launched a military operation in a restive province near the border with Afghanistan in an attempt to "  finish off " militants in the area "  once and for all , " Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN . Asif said the operation , which included airstrikes early Sunday , was the government 's second option , but negotiations with the Pakistani Taliban failed . On Monday , the Pakistani Taliban issued a statement calling on all foreign-run businesses , international airline companies and multinational companies to "  wrap up their affairs  and  leave Pakistan immediately . " The statement was issued by spokesman Shahidullah Shahid in response to the military 's operation . Shahid said the Pakistani Taliban will meet any military operation with an equally damaging response and that "  the government will yearn for talks and peace but will realize that it is now too late . " Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif defended the operation to members of parliament on Monday , saying that the government had tried patiently to pursue peace talks . "  On one hand we were pursuing dialogue , and on the other we were being targeted . We were pursuing talks , but from Islamabad courts to Karachi airport we were attacked . " Sharif vowed that the operation would continue until terrorism is eliminated from Pakistan . Six soldiers were killed and three were injured Monday in an IED explosion , according to Pakistan 's military . Two soldiers died in an exchange of fire that killed seven terrorists who were trying to flee , the Defense Ministry said . Earlier the military released a statement that said 50 suspected terrorists were killed in the airstrikes . The air raids were based on intelligence about the presence of foreign and local militants who were linked to last week 's deadly attack on the Karachi airport , the military said . Asif said the Karachi airport attack was the "  straw that broke the camel 's back . " Here 's a look at what you need to know about Pakistan Pakistani Taliban sources said jets dropped five bombs on the Degan area of North Waziristan . The target was a meeting of Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan members , the militant group said , but added that the number of casualties was unclear . "  In this operation we will not differentiate between foreign and local militants , " Asif said . "  We are determined to finish them off , once and for all . " Most of the fatalities in the strikes were Uzbek fighters , the military said . The raid took place in Degan and Datta Khel . Asif said the military hopes to conclude the offensive -- called Zarb-e-Azb in Urdu , which translates to "  Strike of the Prophet 's Sword " -- by the beginning of Ramadan on June 28 . But it may take two or three months , he said , until "  our land ... is free of this menace . " He said it is a Pakistani-only operation and the United States has n't been asked to assist with drone strikes . Northwestern Pakistan is home to loosely governed tribal areas . It 's also a base for foreign fighters and a refuge for members of the Islamist militant Haqqani movement . Last week , the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan claimed it carried out the airport attack , which resulted in an hours-long siege and left dozens dead , including the assailants . The militants said the attack was carried out with the Pakistani Taliban . There were reports that travelers were congregating in hotels and restaurants in towns like Bannu after being stranded due to a curfew that began Friday . Asif said the government will help out residents . "  We are at war now . There will be inevitable fallouts , " he said . "  If there is blowback , we are ready and prepared to assist people who have had to flee from their homes . " CNN 's Zahir Shah Shirazi and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's Prime Minister justifies operations , saying talks failed 7 Pakistani soldiers have died in the operation against militants near Afghan border Military says it conducted airstrikes based on intelligence on presence of militants The militants were linked to planning the Karachi airport attack , military says
CNN  -- Russia 's seizure of Crimea last month may have unfolded with a lightning quickness , but Vladimir Putin and the West are now engaged in a much slower match of wits on a chessboard stretching across most of eastern Ukraine . Rather than going for checkmate , both sides now seem content to wait for the other to make a mistake . Putin made a strong first move by placing 40,000 troops on the border -- and separatists , who are not officially linked to Russia , on the ground in Ukraine . Now Moscow is waiting for the pro-Western government in Kiev to try to retake the parts of the east it has seemingly lost . In Russia 's eyes , any such move from the capital would legitimize an overwhelming counterattack -- a re-run of the Georgia crisis in 2008 , when President Mikheil Saakashvili lost his nerve , shot first , and prompted a Russian invasion . Putin 's problem is time ; he can not wait forever to strike . Troops can not remain ready for combat for many months at a time . Separatists in eastern Ukraine are lost without outside support , and may become nervous as time drags on without any glimpse of a light at the end of the tunnel . On the other side of the board are U.S. President Barack Obama , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Ukraine 's fledgling government . The biggest challenge for Obama and his German counterpart is to keep a united Western front . They need to uphold a credible threat of massive economic sanctions that could undercut the Kremlin 's funding if it does n't toe the line . But cracks in Western unity are visible everywhere . Europe may be concerned about Russian aggression in Ukraine , but the continent is dragging its collective feet on taking a more confrontational stance towards Putin . Some nations fear Russian pressure , especially on their energy supply . Many are nervous about the price their own countries will pay as a result of tougher sanctions . And nobody is sure yet whether they 're ready to abandon the idea of Russia as a vital partner . Obama , on the other hand , is much more inclined to put the squeeze on the Kremlin . Washington is used to confrontation with Russia -- and with Putin , specifically -- and America is much less economically-connected with its old Cold War rival . American leaders are n't motivated solely by their concern over eastern Europe and Russia reasserting itself as a more aggressive and expansionist power . The U.S. also wants to assert key norms of international order -- namely territorial integrity and the principle to change borders only with the consent of all parties . Ukraine is also a welcome opportunity to signal to allies and rivals alike that America is not retrenching from its global engagements . The impact of the Ukraine crisis on China and the various territorial conflicts with its neighbors will also loom very large on the minds of policy makers in Washington . But whatever the differences among U.S. and EU leaders , the more they act in concert , the better chance they have to achieve their goal : beating back Moscow 's attempt to undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . The West also needs to make sure that Kiev 's interim government does n't lose its nerve . As hard as it is for leaders to watch pro-Russian separatists take over their buildings , any large-scale operation in eastern Ukraine could give Putin the opportunity he may be waiting for : invasion with some kind of dubious pseudo-legal cover . It is difficult to say who is in a better position . Putin is a master tactician . Since his years as a KGB agent in Dresden in the 1980s , he has gained much expertise in finding and exploiting the West 's weak spots . And he seems to have broad support at home for his confrontational brand of politics . Putin 's weakness is his regime 's economic dependency on the West . Without the steady flow of income from the sale of gas and oil , brought under control of the Kremlin , the regime would not be able to buy support at home and to finance costly and risky foreign policy adventures . The West has no appetite to confront Russia . But if Putin 's tanks roll into eastern Ukraine out of the blue , without any pretense of legitimacy , he will turn Western opinion even further against him . This could give Merkel and Obama the necessary backing for tough sanctions . If he is to achieve his main goal , which is to prevent Ukraine from associating closer with the West , Putin will have to move fast . He probably needs to have some kind of Russian presence inside Ukraine  apart from Crimea  , as control over separatists in the east alone might not be sufficient or sustainable . A full-scale crackdown by the Ukrainian government on separatists would give Moscow the cover to move some Russian troops as "  peacekeepers " into eastern Ukraine . Once inside the country , another "  frozen conflict " could be created which would destabilize the country and prevent Western attempts to help Ukraine to get on its feet . This would keep Putin 's longer-term ambition -- to bring Ukraine into a Moscow-led alliance or federation -- very much alive . If the Kremlin comes to the conclusion that the West would n't respond to such a move with painful sanctions -- ones that would damage Putin 's inner circle and be strong enough to sap major sources of income for the Kremlin -- Putin might choose to move along such lines or in other ways . But if the U.S. and EU demonstrate that they are truly ready to use economic warfare to counter the Russian military machine , the West may yet be able to deter Putin from going much further . Something has to give soon . READ MORE : Ukrainian mayor shot as West prepares sanctions READ MORE : Five ways the Ukraine crisis could end The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ulrich Speck .	Russia and the West locked in match of wits over eastern Ukraine Russia moved thousands of troops to border and is accused of stirring unrest in east Ukraine Speck : West must unite to pass severe sanctions on Russian regime Speck : Ukrainian government attempt to retake buildings could spark Russian invasion
CNN  -- The railroad line involved in a deadly train derailment in New York earlier this month will be getting immediate safety improvements , the Metropolitan Transportation Authority announced Sunday . The Metro-North Railroad will be making safety reinforcements at critical curves and movable bridges along the railroad 's right-of-way after Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed the MTA to do so , according to a news release . Signal crews have already installed protections that will warn train engineers of the approaching speed reduction at the curve in the Bronx where the train derailed . The train 's emergency brakes will be activated if speed is not lowered , according to the release . Man vs. machine : Who should be at the wheel ? "  Metro-North is taking important steps to improve safety for its customers and employees , " MTA Chairman and CEO Thomas F. Prendergast said . "  I expect the railroad will continue searching for ways to improve its operations and fully restore its commuters ' confidence . " The release also stated that all Metro-North trains will now have conductors next to engineers or communicating by radio at all critical curves and moveable bridges to verbally confirm train speeds , according to the release . Agency issues emergency safety order after derailment A Metro-North Hudson line train derailed December 1 in the Bronx , killing four people and injuring 67 . The train jumped the tracks while barreling into a curve at 82 mph , nearly three times the 30-mph limit for the curve , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . The engineer , William Rockefeller Jr. , apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident , a union representative who met with the man has told CNN .	Metro-North Railroad to add safety measures ordered by Gov. Andrew Cuomo Changes include warnings of speed reductions , emergency braking A train derailed in the Bronx when it entered a curve at 82 mph , killing 4 and injuring 67
London , England  CNN  -- Kraft 's fresh bid for suffered a double blow Tuesday as the improved offer was dismissed by the British candy company and criticized by billionaire investor Warren Buffett who controls an influential stake in the U.S. food giant . Buffett said he had voted against Kraft 's plan to issue new shares as part of a cash and stock offer worth approximately $ 16 billion , warning it would hurt shareholders , Fortune reported . Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway company owns 138 million Kraft shares , making it the largest shareholder in the foodmaker with a 9.4 percent stake . But in a statement , he warned Kraft 's move for Cadbury risked undervaluing Kraft stock . "  Kraft stock , at its current price of $ 27 , is a very expensive ` currency ' to be used in an acquisition , " Buffett said . "  In 2007 , in fact , Kraft spent $ 3.6 billion to repurchase shares at about $ 33 per share , presumably because the directors and management thought the shares to be worth more . " Earlier , Illinois-based Kraft said it would use the proceeds from the sale of its U.S. pizza business to Nestle to increase the cash element of its Cadbury offer . Under Kraft 's offer of a partial cash alternative , Cadbury shareholders could receive cash as well as Kraft shares if they accept Kraft 's deal . "  Kraft Foods is doing this because of the desire expressed by some Cadbury security holders to have a greater proportion of the offer in cash , " Kraft said in a statement . The maker of Jell-O , Cool Whip , Oreo cookies and Kraft Macaroni & Cheese also extended the Cadbury offer to February 2 . The original bid had expired Tuesday . Cadbury , which rejected Kraft 's previous two deals , rejected the new offer Tuesday . "  Kraft has once again missed the point , " a Cadbury spokesman told CNN . "  Despite this tinkering , the Kraft offer remains unchanged and derisory , with less than half the consideration in cash . " There had been rumors that Swiss firm Nestle , which already has a chocolate and confectionery unit , would step in and make its own offer for Cadbury . But Nestle put an end to those rumors Tuesday by issuing a statement saying it had no intention to make an offer for the British company . Instead , Nestle said it had bought Kraft 's frozen pizza business in the United States and Canada for $ 3.7 billion . The unit includes brands like DiGiorno , Tombstone , and California Pizza Kitchen . "  The acquisition brings leadership in the frozen pizza category , where Nestle only had a minor presence until now , and builds on Nestle 's existing pizza know-how and operations in Europe , " Nestle said in a statement Tuesday . "  It is a natural fit with Nestle 's focus on delivering convenient , premium , wholesome and nutritious frozen food for consumers around the world . " Nestle already had a presence in American frozen food aisles with ready-meal brands like Stouffer 's , Lean Cuisine , and Hot Pockets . The proceeds from the sale allow Kraft to offer more cash to Cadbury shareholders -- an additional 60 pence  96 cents  per share , Kraft said . Kraft originally offered Cadbury shareholders 300 pence  $ 4.81  and 0.26 Kraft shares for each share of Cadbury they own . Kraft said it will announce more detailed terms by January 19 .	Kraft raises offer , extends deadline in takeover bid for Cadbury Kraft shareholder Warren Buffett says he voted against Cadbury offer Illinois company sells U.S. pizza business to Nestle to fund revised offer UK candy maker Cadbury rejects offer , says terms remain "  unchanged , derisory "
CNN  -- Apparent problems with an online calculator , released last week along with new cholesterol guidelines , prompted one expert Monday to suggest implementation of the guidelines be postponed . The risk calculator , meant to assist doctors in evaluating patients ' risk and treatment options for cholesterol , appears to greatly overstate risk , according to a report Sunday in The New York Times . It could result in millions of people being incorrectly identified as candidates for cholesterol-lowering statin drugs , the report said . The calculator , released by the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology , is a tool to evaluate a patient 's 10-year risk of a heart attack . According to the new guidelines , if a person 's risk is above 7.5 % , he or she should be put on a statin . Not on cholesterol meds ? New guidelines could change that However , in a hastily called telebriefing Monday morning , members of the committee who developed the calculator and guidelines said that they knew about the risk of overestimation before rolling out the assessment tool and that they welcome more information to help refine it . The tool , they said , is only one part of evaluating patients ' treatment options -- something that can only be done with the help of a doctor . No one should be "  mailed a prescription " based on the results of the assessment tool , said Dr. Neil Stone , committee chairman . "  There 's got to be a physician-patient discussion . ... We 've put the physician back into crucial decision-making . " However , "  I ca n't speak to whether the calculator is valid or not , " Dr. Robert Eckel , co-chair of the American Heart Association committee that wrote the new guidelines and the association 's past president , told CNN . "  That needs to be determined . "  We trusted that the calculator worked , " he said . "  We trusted that the calculator is valid . " Concerns about the calculator were first raised , according to the Times report , by Harvard Medical School professors Paul Ridker and Nancy Cook . In an analysis to be published Tuesday in the medical journal The Lancet , a copy of which was obtained by CNN Ridker and Cook write they calculated 10-year risks using the tool and compared the data to event rates using three large previously-published studies in which participants ' characteristics such as age and smoking status were known . The calculator "  systematically overestimated observed risks by 75 to 150 percent , roughly doubling the actual observed risk , " they wrote . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen said when she used the calculator , putting in a 65-year-old man with normal cholesterol levels and no risk factors -- normal blood pressure , no diabetes and a nonsmoker -- the calculator said he needed statins . Ridker and Cook had pointed out the issue a year earlier when drafts were sent to them for review as the guidelines were under development , the Times said . Researchers apparently did not receive the professors ' responses , Dr. Donald Lloyd-Jones , chairman of the committee that developed the equation , told the Times . 5 ways to lower your cholesterol But Lloyd-Jones told reporters Monday , "  There 's nothing wrong with these equations . " Committee members were aware there could be "  overestimation of risk in some populations , " he said . On Saturday night , members of the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology held a meeting with Ridker . Officials said Monday they await more information from the professor . Lloyd-Jones said Monday he looks forward to getting details of Ridker 's data . But he said , "  I suspect he 's looking at extremely healthy cohorts . We 're looking at representative cohorts . " The truth , he predicted , is "  somewhere in the middle . " "  Our risk assessment guideline does n't tell you what to do . ... It just evaluates risk , " he said . "  The analysis by Drs. Ridker and Cook is very concerning , " said Dr. Steven Nissen , chief of cardiovascular medicine at the Cleveland Clinic . "  Since the risk calculator was not previously published , it now makes sense to halt implementation of the guidelines so that independent physician scientists can evaluate the accuracy of the risk calculator , " Nissen told CNN in an e-mail . "  We have waited many years for these guidelines . It seems prudent to wait a little longer to make certain that the guidelines function as intended . " Attempts by CNN to contact Ridker and Cook on Monday were not immediately successful . The new treatment guidelines call for a focus on risk factors rather than just a patient 's cholesterol level . At the time , Nissen called them "  an enormous shift in policy as it relates to who should be treated for high levels of cholesterol . " The four questions to ask to determine risk include : Do you have heart disease ? Do you have Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes ? Do you have a bad cholesterol level of more than 190 ? And is your 10-year risk of a heart attack greater than 7.5 % ? According to the new guidelines , if you can answer yes to any of those four questions , you should be on a statin . Do you need to take statins ? CNN 's Miriam Falco and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	A calculator reportedly overstates heart attack risk The tool was released along with new cholesterol treatment guidelines American Heart Association says the tool is only one part of a patient 's risk evaluation
Washington  CNN  It does n't matter how many times Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu now says he still wants a two-state solution with the Palestinians . The White House is refusing to take him at his word . "  We take him at his word when he said that it would n't happen during his prime ministership , and so that 's why we 've got to evaluate what other options are available to make sure that we do n't see a chaotic situation in the region , " President Barack Obama said in an interview with The Huffington Post published Saturday . These are the President 's first public comments since Netanyahu 's party captured the most seats in Tuesday 's parliamentary election . Netanyahu has said in at least three post-election interviews that he still believes in Palestinian statehood , despite his pre-election flip-flop on the issue in what experts called a desperate appeal for conservative votes . Only on Thursday , two days after the election , did President Obama congratulate Netanyahu by phone on his victory . White House press secretary Josh Earnest declined to say whether Netanyahu clarified his position on the two-state policy during that phone call . But Obama told the Prime Minister that the United States would "  reassess " aspects of its relationship with Israel after Netanyahu 's earlier provocative statements opposing the creation of a Palestinian state . Administration officials have said the United States is now considering signing on to a U.N. resolution which supports a Palestinian state . Regarding comments Netanyahu made Tuesday about Arab Israeli voters going to the polls "  in droves " -- comments described by some as racist -- Obama told The Huffington Post that that kind of "  rhetoric " was "  contrary to what is best of Israel 's traditions . That although Israel was founded based on the historic Jewish homeland and the need to have a Jewish homeland , Israeli democracy has been premised on everybody in the country being treated equally and fairly . " Obama added : "  If that is lost , then I think that not only does it give ammunition to folks who do n't believe in a Jewish state , but it also I think starts to erode the name of democracy in the country . " U.S. House Speaker John Boehner , who invited Netanyahu to address that controversial joint meeting of Congress earlier this month , plans to visit Israel at the end of the month . While the speaker 's office says the trip was planned well before the Prime Minister 's re-election , it will come around the deadline for an initial nuclear deal between Iran , the United States and other world powers .	President talks with Huffington Post about Israeli leader Interview covers Netanyahu stance on two-state solution , Arab voters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A contrite head of the Federal Protective Service took the blame Wednesday for security lapses that allowed covert investigators to sneak bomb components into 10 federal government buildings . A GAO report cites lax security in federal buildings after investigators got bomb components past guards . The Government Accountability Office , which conducted the tests , testified that they showed the service to be "  an agency in crisis . " Plainclothes investigators testing the effectiveness of private contract guards at federal office buildings were able to smuggle in bomb components in all 10 attempts . Only one investigator was stopped and questioned , but he was allowed to pass with the components of a liquid bomb . Once inside the facilities , the testers assembled the bombs in restrooms , put them in briefcases and "  walked freely " into government offices , according to the Government Accountability Office . Watch undercover agent smuggle bomb " Asked point-blank at a Senate hearing Wednesday why the security guards had failed , Protective Service Director Gary Schenkel said , "  It 's purely a lack of oversight on our part . " He added , "  I take full responsibility . I am the director of the organization . " Schenkel , who assumed his post in early 2007 , said the police force was hampered earlier this decade by major budget cuts , which forced the agency to reorganize how it protects 9,000 federal facilities nationwide . Although police officers formerly protected federal buildings , the agency now uses a core cadre of 1,200 sworn federal officers or "  inspectors " to oversee a small army of about 13,000 private security guards who man the X-ray machines and magnetometers at building entrances . Department of Homeland Security put out an official statement Wednesday focusing on steps the Federal Protective Service is taking to improve the situation , but Schenkel was at times more negative , outlining some of the problems the agency faces . The service , he said , used a "  stubby pencil " system to keep track of guards , and it would take a "  full year , I believe " for changes being made now to have an effect . "  When I came here , I made an analogy that we were a ship , and it takes 38 miles at sea to turn a ship , an aircraft carrier . I think we are probably on mile six , but we 've certainly initiated the turn , " he said . Mark Goldstein of the Government Accountability Office testified about the investigators ' operations . "  We brought in all the components that we needed to make a real bomb , " he said , though the concentration of explosives was "  below the trigger point " for safety reasons . Investigators obtained the components at local stores and over the Internet for less than $ 150 , the report says . "  In a number of the locations -- three or four of them -- the guards were not even looking at the screens that would show materials passing through , " Goldstein said . "  If a guard had been looking , they would have seen materials that are ordinarily not brought into a federal building , and should have stopped our investigators and asked , ` Why are you bringing these kinds of things into a fed building , and what is your purpose ? ' But in really no case did that occur . "  In only one instance did a guard ask about something that an investigator was carrying , -LSB- and -RSB- after a brief explanation , that guard let it go through , " Goldstein said . The covert agents then assembled bombs in the bathrooms , he said . "  In some cases , bathrooms were locked , but federal employees let us in , " he said . Having assembled the bomb , typically in less than four minutes , the agents placed it an a briefcase "  and walked around a variety of federal offices -- both legislative branch offices and executive branch offices in the four cities we went to , " Goldstein said . He blamed the lapses on an "  antiquated approach " to security , saying federal building security is directed in part by the buildings ' tenants , who form a committee to determine the appropriate level of security . So decisions are made "  by people who , frankly , ought not be making them , " he said . He also said security is "  budget-driven ; it 's not risk-driven . " But he shied away from recommending that the contract security jobs be federalized , a move the government took for airport security screeners following the September 11 terrorist attacks . That would be a policy decision , he said . But he said the Protective Service was lax in assuring that security standards it set were followed by the private contract guards . Of 663 randomly selected guards , 411 , or 62 percent , were missing some form of required certification , such as an up-to-date firearm qualification , background investigation or CPR or first aid training . Included in the Government Accountability Office report is a photograph of a guard asleep at his post . The report also detailed an instance in which a woman placed an infant in a carrier on an X-ray machine while retrieving identification . Because the guard was not paying attention and the machine 's safety features had been disabled , the infant was sent through the X-ray machine , according to the report . The Protective Service dismissed the guard , who sued the agency for failing to provide X-ray training . The agency lost the suit because it could not prove that the guard had been trained , the report says . In one region , the service "  has not provided the required eight hours of -LSB- X-ray -RSB- or magnetometer training to its 1,500 guards since 2004 , " the report says . It report also says the service does not have a national guidance on how often its inspectors should check on the contract guards . In several instances , when inspectors have checked on guards , they found "  instances of guards not complying with post orders . " In one case , the report says , a guard was caught using government computers to manage a for-profit adult Web site . All of the buildings involved in the bomb smuggling test were "  Level IV " buildings , meaning they house more than 450 federal employees and have a high volume of public contact . The Government Accountability Office has declined to identify the specific buildings "  because of the sensitivity of some of the information , " the report says . After the report was obtained by CNN late Tuesday , ahead of its release Wednesday , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , called the test results "  simply unacceptable . " Added Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , "  In this post-9 / 11 world that we 're now living in , I can not imagine how security lapses of this magnitude were allowed to occur . " Both Lieberman and Collins said they were putting the Federal Protective Service on a list of "  high-risk " agencies and asked Schenkel to provide them with details of how he would fix the security lapses . Although the investigators ensured that bombs assembled in the buildings would not explode , they later videotaped the detonation of several of the devices at a remote site to demonstrate the their destructive power .	Report questions effectiveness of Federal Protective Service Plainclothes investigators test security at 10 federal buildings in 4 U.S. cities GAO agents able to assemble components in restrooms , enter offices Agency chief says changes made but effects wo n't be felt for months
CNN  -- Tiger Woods may have clung on to his world number one status but after a disappointing final round at the PGA Championship will have to rely on captain Corey Pavin to play in the Ryder Cup . Woods needed to finish in the top 15 at Whistling Straits to have any chance of forcing his way into the eight automatic selections for the United States team to face Europe at Celtic Manor in October . Handily placed after three rounds , Woods stumbled to a one-over 73 to end up in a tie for 28th . "  I hit my irons really good today . I drove it terrible , " was his verdict . His performance was certainly an improvement on a disastrous showing in the preceding WGC-Bridgestone Invitational and Woods briefly led at the start of his first round , but after that the inconsistencies crept in . "  I did n't miss a shot for the first four holes . And then after that I hit it awful , " he added . Woods could have done with replicating the final round 67 of arch-rival Phil Mickelson , which lifted him into a tie for 12th , but not enough to surpass his fellow American in the rankings . Woods is now hoping that U.S. captain Corey Pavin will make him one of his four captain 's picks . "  Corey texts me a lot so , I 'm sure he 'll be texting me or calling me and I 'm sure we 'll be talking . "  We still have what , two more weeks , right ? Two more weeks before the picks ? Three more weeks ? " Woods is still searching for his first win of a truncated season and has not claimed a major since the U.S. Open in 2008 . Consolation for runner-up Bubba Watson and Dustin Johnson , who was penalized two shots to miss out on the playoff , comes as they have moved into the automatic eight spots . Germany 's Martin Kaymer has sealed his place in the Europe team after his first major victory , while Paul Casey , who tied 12th , has also forced his way into the nine automatic selection spots . It leaves Luke Donald , Padraig Harrington and Justin Rose now requiring picks from captain Colin Montgomerie , but Sergio Garcia 's decision to take a break from golf has made his decision a little easier .	Tiger Woods finishes outside the top eight spots for the U.S. Ryder Cup team World number one blows his chance with disappointing final round at Whistling Straits He will now rely on a pick from United States captain Corey Pavin PGA Championship winner Martin Kaymer clinches his spot on European team
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has been upset early at Wimbledon the past two seasons . His opponents in the opening rounds this year are n't easy , either . Nadal , coming off a record-extending ninth French Open title and 14th major overall , begins with dangerous Slovak left-hander Martin Klizan and then could face the man who beat him in 2012 in the second round , Lukas Rosol . Ivo Karlovic , who possesses one of the game 's biggest serves ever , might confront Nadal in the third round . But here 's something that should give the world No. 1 's fans hope : Nadal owns a splendid record against left-handers , is rarely upset by the same player twice and Karlovic owns a 2-21 record versus the so-called "  Big Four " of Nadal , Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray . Second-seeded Nadal -- Wimbledon has flexibility in its seedings and gave Djokovic the top billing -- was placed in the same half as Federer , who is seeking an eighth crown at tennis ' most famous postcode of SW19 . Federer -- ousted prior to the quarterfinals in three of his last four majors -- starts against Italian Paolo Lorenzi before potentially meeting Julien Benneteau . Benneteau stretched Federer to five sets at Wimbledon in 2012 . Defending champion Andy Murray has no such trouble , it seems . He is in the same quarter as David Ferrer , who prospers on clay and hard courts . Djokovic opens against Andrey Golubev . Serena Williams fell to Sabine Lisicki at Wimbledon one year ago and was upset in the second round of the French Open . She has landed in the same quarter as French Open winner Maria Sharapova and French Open semifinalists Eugenie Bouchard and Andrea Petkovic . Top-seed Williams could play Bouchard in the fourth round and Sharapova in the quarterfinals . It was 10 years ago that a 17-year-old Sharapova stunned the tennis world by opening her grand slam account at Wimbledon . If the seedings hold , 17-time grand slam champion Williams would face second-seed Li Na in the final . Like Williams , Li was bundled out of the French Open in the first week , eliminated by Kristina Mladenovic in the first round . EXPLORE : Wimbledon by the numbers	World No. 1 Rafael Nadal faces a difficult draw at Wimbledon this year Spain 's Nadal has been upset at the All England Club the previous two years Defending champion Andy Murray 's path to the latter stages looks uncomplicated Serena Williams is also bidding to reclaim the Wimbledon title after losing early in 2013
CNN  -- FIFA opened the door to the introduction of goal-line technology at the 2014 World Cup , but has put in place a rigorous testing program for companies hoping to win the contract . The world governing body said Tuesday that prototype systems will need to demonstrate a 90 % accuracy rate in order to get through the first phase of the bidding process from September to December this year . They must then return with a 100 % accurate product for the second and final testing phase between March and June 2012 . The International FA Board , the game 's law-making body , will be presented with the results of the testing at a special meeting in July 2012 . If the IFAB is satisfied with the accuracy of the system , it could be in place for football 's global showcase in Brazil two years later . Blog : Has the time arrived for change in football ? FIFA said that the second round of tests would be held in "  different lighting conditions " to simulate those likely to be found in the South American country . Pressure has grown on FIFA since this year 's World Cup in South Africa after Frank Lampard 's disallowed goal for England in the second-round match against Germany . Replays showed the ball had clearly crossed the line and FIFA later softened its stance on the introduction of technology . There have been renewed calls for action after last weekend 's English Premier League match between Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur . Ironically , this time midfielder Lampard benefited from the status quo as he was awarded a crucial goal despite TV replays showing Tottenham goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes had prevented it crossing the line after his fumble . British company Hawkeye , whose products are used in international cricket , is expected to be one of the companies to take part in the process . Preliminary tests held at FIFA headquarters in February saw 10 companies under the spotlight and all failed the 100 % criteria , but it is believed three came close .	FIFA introduces testing program for goal-line technology at 2014 World Cup Bidding companies must prove 100 % success rate by next year International FA Board will make decision in July 2012 Pressure has grown after a series of high-profile incidents , two involving Frank Lampard
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Sarah Shourd , one of three American hikers detained in Iran for more than a year , could be released as early as Monday once $ 500,000 is submitted to the Iranian judiciary . "  Everything is in place for the release , " said lawyer Massoud Shafii , who got to see the hikers for the first time on Sunday . "  It 's up to the family when to deliver the money . " The official Islamic Republic News Agency reported earlier Sunday that Shourd will be released if bail worth about $ 500,000 for her is submitted to the Iranian judiciary . "  We are waiting for the bail set for Sarah Shourd to be deposited by  the  Swiss embassy in Iran , " Shafii told the semi-official Iran Students ' News Agency  ISNA  Monday . " ... During my meeting with the client 's family , we agreed to take measures for her release as soon as the money is provided . " Shafii said of Shourd on Sunday , "  Naturally she was happy , but her wish is for all three to be released together . " He met the Americans at Tehran 's Evin prison after the prosecutor for Tehran 's Revolutionary Court announced the offer to release Shourd on bail . "  I saw them and spoke to them , " Shafii told CNN . "  They were doing well . " Shafii said he does n't know when exactly the release would take place . Samantha Topping , a representative for the mothers of the hikers , said they are still taking in the news and are not yet making public comments . Topping had no comment on the bail money . Switzerland , which represents U.S. interests in the country , had little information to release Sunday . "  Technicalities demanded by the attorney general are currently under consideration by the embassy in Tehran , " Swiss Ambassador Livia Leu-Agosti told CNN . Shourd had a pre-existing gynecological problem , but her family says she now also has a lump in her breast , according to Shafii . She still could be charged , and authorities would still expect her to come back to Iran for a trial . But other foreigners who have been released on bail after imprisonment in Iran have left the country and not come back . Iranian officials had announced Thursday that Shourd would be released on Saturday , at the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan . But state media announced Friday that the release had been called off because legal procedures had not yet been resolved . On Sunday , Tehran Prosecutor General Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi announced the country 's "  readiness for the conditional release of one of the three U.S. citizens arrested for illegally entering the country , " state-run Press TV said . A judge decided to allow Shourd to be released on bail because of an ailment , Dolatabadi said , according to IRNA . Dolatabadi said Shourd would be free after bail is paid , but needs to take part in the trial when it is held , according to ISNA . Shourd , 32 , Shane Bauer , 28 , and Josh Fattal , 28 , were detained July 31 , 2009 , after they allegedly strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while hiking in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Tehran has accused the three hikers of spying . Iran 's intelligence minister has hinted the country may consider releasing them in exchange for the release of Iranian prisoners , according to state news outlets . Dolatabadi said authorities completed investigations on espionage charges against the three Americans over the past several days and the indictments have already been issued by the judge in charge of the case , IRNA reported . He said the arrest warrants have been issued for Bauer and Fattal . The hikers ' families ' website , freethehikers.org , said Shourd has been in solitary confinement , able to meet for only two 30-minute periods per day with Bauer , who is her fiance , and Fattal . The two men share a cell . All three Americans are graduates of the University of California , Berkeley . They have been able to telephone their families only once , on March 9 . The United States and Iran have had no diplomatic relations for three decades , and Washington is not involved in moves to free Shourd , a State Department spokesman said Sunday . "  We are in wait-and-see mode . We want all three hostages released and returned , " State Department spokesman Fred Lash told CNN . The State Department is monitoring the situation , but all diplomacy is being handled by the Swiss Embassy , he said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Reza Sayah , Tenisha Abernathy , Ross Levitt , Susan Candiotti and Nunu Japaridze contributed to this report .	"  Everything is in place for the release , " her lawyer says Shourd has health problems , the attorney says She is one of three American hikers held in Iran for more than a year and accused of spying
CNN  -- Penn State quarterbacks coach Jay Paterno says he has resigned from the university 's embattled football program after meeting with the school 's new coach . Jay Paterno 's resignation comes two months after his father , legendary head coach Joe Paterno , was fired over the sexual abuse scandal that erupted in November . Penn State named New England Patriots offensive coordinator Bill O'Brien to replace the elder Paterno last week . "  After talking with Coach Bill O'Brien , we have reached the conclusion that I will not be a part of the Penn State football staff moving forward , " Jay Paterno said in a written statement . "  I will spend the next few weeks consulting with my wife and family to weigh various future options both inside and outside of football . " Penn State has been rocked by accusations that former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky had sexually abused young boys over a 14-year period -- and that school officials failed to take complaints about Sandusky to police . University trustees fired the elder Paterno and school President Graham Spanier after a grand jury report on the case in November . In his statement , Jay Paterno thanked Penn State students and fans for their support "  over the past seventeen seasons and in particular the past two months . " "  Through the tumult of the past several weeks , it has been your stalwart support combined with life lessons learned from Joe Paterno that has and continue to sustain us , " he said . In November , the younger Paterno said that while his world turned "  upside down " when the scandal erupted , "  We 've got to make sure we keep focus on the victims of this whole tragedy . " The scandal unraveled after a grand jury report accused Sandusky of more than 50 counts of sexually abusing boys . Sandusky has pleaded not guilty to the charges . A Penn State graduate assistant , Mike McQueary , told the grand jury that he had seen Sandusky raping a boy in a Penn State locker room in 2002 and that he had gone to Paterno with what he saw . Paterno said he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report , but that he nevertheless passed the allegations on to his boss . After first saying he had done "  what I was supposed to do , " the elder Paterno said that "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " He was fired November 9 . It was years before law enforcement learned about the allegation . Then-Athletic Director Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president who oversaw campus police , now face charges of perjury and failing to report child sexual abuse .	Jay Paterno resigns after meeting with new coach Bill O'Brien "  I will not be a part of the Penn State football staff moving forward , " he says His father , the legendary "  JoePa , " was fired amid sex abuse scandal in November
CNN  -- When someone tells you to go jump in a lake , sometimes it 's best to take their advice . For one golfer , it saved him from a world of hurt . At first , Pablo Larrazabal thought nothing was out of the ordinary when he swatted an insect away from his face at a tournament in Malaysia on Friday . The next thing he knew , he was being attacked by a swarm of hornets . "  They were three times the size of bees , " said the Spaniard . "  They were huge and 30 or 40 of them started to attack me big time . "  I did n't know what to do . My caddy told me to run , so I start running like a crazy guy , but the hornets were still there , so the other players told me to jump in the lake . "  I ran to the lake , threw my scorecard down , took off my shoes and jumped in the water . "  It was the scariest moment of my career , for sure . I 've never been so scared . " Thankfully , after some treatment , the 30-year-old was able to continue . Remarkably , he birdied the hole he was on when the attack occurred -- the 14th -- then completed his second round in four-under-par 68 , which meant he made the halfway cut of the European Tour event . "  The referees and a doctor took me aside and gave me a couple of injections and told me to relax , " Larrazabal said on the European Tour website . "  After the injections I felt a lot better and could continue . Without the help of the referees I could n't have finished the round , because I was in no state to play golf . "  Tomorrow it will be very , very scary to play that hole . I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do , but hopefully I will play it as quickly as I can . " Larrazabal , ranked 65th in the world , has won one tournament this year -- at January 's Abu Dhabi Championship , where he beat major winners Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson by one shot to claim the $ 2.7 million first prize . He will go into the weekend at the Malaysian Open tied for 25th place , trailing leader Lee Westwood by 11 shots . The Englishman , a former world No. 1 , followed up his opening 65 with a 66 to be four clear of European Ryder Cup teammate Nicolas Colsaerts . The Belgian was tied for second with 327th-ranked Antonio Lascuna of the Philippines , who finished 90th in the Kuala Lumpur tournament last year .	"  I 've never been so scared , " says golfer Pablo Larrazabal Spaniard takes evasive action after attracting attention of hornets He plunges into water hazard and rips off his shirt , which attracted the swarm The 31-year-old regains his composure to complete his round
Followers of the Paleo Diet may go prehistoric on U.S. News & World Report this week . The publication has ranked the controversial diet last on its "  Best Diets Overall " list for 2014 . Each year , U.S. News & World Report asks experts to rank various nutrition plans to help consumers make informed decisions . This year the panel evaluated 32 of the most popular diets . To be top-rated , a diet has to be relatively easy to follow , nutritious , safe , effective for weight loss and protective against diabetes and heart disease . First popularized in the 1970s , the Paleo Diet asks people to follow a diet similar to those who lived during the Paleolithic era , between 2.6 million and 10,000 years ago . This means eating like hunters and gathers -- consuming lots of produce and animal protein , while avoiding sugar , grains , legumes and dairy altogether . "  If the cavemen did n't eat it , you should n't either , " U.S. News & World Report summarized . The diet has gained a significant following in recent years , especially among the CrossFit crowd . "  Paleo Diet " was the most searched diet term on Google in 2013 . Being last on the Best Diets list does n't mean Paleo is the worst diet ever  the "  Cookie Diet " did n't even make the list  . But U.S. News & World Report 's experts said the Paleo Diet was too restrictive for most people to follow long term , and that it limited some essential nutrients . They also cited a lack of research proving the Paleo Diet 's cardiovascular health and weight loss benefits in their ranking . The Paleo Diet tied for last place on the list alongside the Dukan diet , which is also a high-protein , low-carbohydrate approach . For the fourth year in a row , the DASH Diet Eating Plan was named the best overall diet . DASH , or Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension , was developed by the National Institutes of Health for people with high blood pressure . But it is also effective in lowering cholesterol and reducing a person 's risk for heart disease , stroke , kidney stones and diabetes , its website states . Unlike many diet plans , DASH does n't cut out or extremely restrict certain foods . Its focus is on limiting daily sodium intake . The meal plan includes three whole-grain products each day , four to six servings of vegetables , four to six servings of fruit , two to four servings of dairy products and several servings each of lean meats and nuts/seeds/legumes . The diet 's only downfalls , the expert panel said , are that it takes some "  grunt work " to adhere to , and that it may cost more than a diet based on "  processed , fatty , sugary foods . " Following DASH on the best overall list was the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes Diet , which also was created by the National Institutes of Health . Next in line were the Mayo Clinic Diet , the Mediterranean Diet and Weight Watchers -- all tied for third place . This is the same as last year 's ranking . U.S. News & World Report also published several other lists , including best weight-loss diets , best diabetes diets , best commercial diet plans and easiest diets to follow . Weight Watchers topped the best weight-loss , best commercial diet plan and easiest to follow lists . Also high on several lists were the Jenny Craig plan and "  The Biggest Loser " plan . For more , visit U.S. News & World Report 's Best Diets Rankings .	For the fourth year in a row , the DASH Diet Eating Plan is ranked No. 1 The DASH Diet plan was developed by the National Institutes of Health Rankings are based on safety , effective weight loss , heart health , diabetes prevention The Paleo Diet was the most searched on Google in 2013
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine 's President Viktor Yanukovych will return to work on Monday , after taking ill amid political unrest that has paralyzed the eastern European country . Yanukovych went on sick leave on Thursday with "  acute respiratory disease , " his office said . He is now feeling "  good " after treatment and his condition has been assessed as "  satisfactory , " a statement on the presidential website said . Ukraine has been plunged into a deep political crisis that in the last week saw the Prime Minister and Cabinet resign , a controversial anti-protest law repealed , and the President signing off on a contested amnesty bill for anti-government protesters . Thousands of demonstrators have packed Kiev 's Independence Square since November , when Yanukovych reversed a decision to sign a long-awaited trade deal with the European Union and turned instead toward Russia . The government 's attempts to crack down on protests appear only to have strengthened the opposition 's resolve . Violent confrontations flared after a sweeping anti-protest law was signed two weeks ago , followed by an uneasy standoff on the streets as the battle in the political arena has heated up . On Sunday , the demonstrators showed no signs of leaving , again massing in Independence Square despite freezing temperatures . Amnesty bill Despite concessions last week from Yanukovych , including repeal of the controversial law , Ukraine 's opposition parties continue to call for constitutional reforms to shift power away from the president . They say the new amnesty bill -- which only comes into force if protesters vacate seized government buildings and unblock roads and squares -- is unacceptable . A special parliamentary session is scheduled for Tuesday . Speaking at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States and the European Union "  stand with the people of Ukraine " in their fight for the right to choose alliances with countries other than Russia . After his address , Kerry met with three Ukrainian opposition leaders -- Arseniy Yatsenyuk of the Fatherland party , Vitali Klitschko of the UDAR party and Petro Poroschenko of the "  Euromaidan " street protest movement -- the State Department said . Ukraine , a country of 45 million people , is split between pro-European regions in the West and a more Russia-oriented East . Also speaking at the conference , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the United States and the European Union appeared to be trying to push their own ideas on Ukraine . Deadly clashes last month were an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and favor Russia instead . He and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on a $ 15 billion deal for Russia to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price of natural gas . Yanukovych has resisted calls for him to step down and defended the government 's handling of the political crisis . READ : What 's behind Ukraine 's crisis READ : Ukraine through a protester 's eyes CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	Yanukovych is said to be feeling good after treatment Yanukovych went on sick leave Thursday with "  acute respiratory disease " Thousands of protesters remain out in Kiev streets on Sunday Ukraine rattled by protests , then clashes , since November
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional hearings into the massive oil spill growing in the Gulf of Mexico will start Tuesday , as winds continue to push the crude closer to the Mississippi Delta . BP America President Lamar McKay and Transocean President Steven Newman will appear before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee in the morning and then the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee in the afternoon . BP leased from Transocean the oil rig that exploded off the Louisiana coast last month , starting the spill . Senators are expected to quiz McKay and Newman about the precautions taken before the blast that set off the underwater gusher and the steps being taken to stop the spill . Experts also are expected to testify on the possible impact of the spill on fishing , tourism and local economies . Also on Tuesday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano plans to travel to Mobile , Alabama , "  to inspect ongoing operations to minimize the Deepwater BP Oil Spill 's impact on public health , the environment and the economy , " the Deepwater Horizon Joint Information Center said in a statement . Napolitano and Alabama Gov. Bob Riley plan to talk with reporters late Tuesday afternoon , the center said . A change in the weather could push more oil from BP 's Deepwater Horizon site into the Mississippi Delta region and areas west of the river , according to Gov. Bobby Jindal , who called the development "  bad news for Louisiana . " Louisiana has been mostly spared since the oil rig exploded April 20 and sank two days later about 50 miles off the southeast coast of Louisiana . The catastrophe is sending 210,000 gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico each day . Most of the slick has been centered in an area east of the environmentally sensitive delta . "  We 've said all along that the oil coming west of the river would pose a whole new set of challenges , " Jindal said at a Monday news conference . He detailed efforts to place booms and other restraining devices into four passes near Grand Isle to prevent the oil from reaching land . National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration forecasters had warned over the weekend that the Mississippi Delta and areas to the northeast of it -- including Breton Sound , the Chandeleur Islands and the mainland behind them -- could see oil hit the coast by Tuesday . So far , the spill has had little impact on wildlife , said Mark J. Musaus , deputy director of the Southeast region for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . Only a few birds have been taken to a wildlife rehabilitation center at Fort Jackson , Louisiana , he said . Two of them , a gannet and a pelican , were released Monday back into the wild . Another oiled pelican was still in the treatment center , as was a green heron , he said . The stakes are high for residents of coastal Louisiana who make their living from fishing in the Gulf of Mexico . The government has closed parts of the Gulf to fishing . The affected area , which is east of the Mississippi Delta , comprises about 4.5 percent of the Gulf of Mexico , NOAA said . Hundreds of thousands of feet of boom and large volumes of dispersants continued to be deployed in an effort to capture or break up the spilled oil moving toward the Gulf coastline . Thousands of workers and volunteers also have been skimming the water 's surface .	Presidents of BP , Transocean to appear before two Senate committees Tuesday Senators expected to quiz them about massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico Homeland security chief heads to Alabama to see efforts to minimize impact of spill Officials worry that change in weather will push more oil into Mississippi Delta
Cover Media  -- Kanye West claims his appearances on girlfriend Kim Kardashian 's reality show are "  all for love . " It was rumored he decided against appearing on the show because he 's vehemently against sharing his private life with the public . The rapper has been featured on "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians " only a few times since being in a relationship with Kim . West confirms he takes his romance seriously , and is not looking for more publicity . "  Oh , that 's just all for love . It 's simply that , " he told W magazine . "  At a certain point , or always , love is more important than any branding , or any set of cool people , or attempting to impress anyone . Because true love is just the way you feel . Thoughts and feelings can disagree sometimes . " The rapper has advised the mother of his newborn daughter , North West , on many of her outfits since they became a couple , and some of those style choices have been publicly criticized . "  For her to take that risk in front of the world , it just shows you how much she loves me , " he explained . "  And how much she actually loves the opportunity to learn . ... You got , like , a million companies saying , ` This is impacting your brand ! This is impacting your fans ! And blah blah blah . ' But she still sees this light of beauty . " As for West reportedly controlling her look since they started dating , he explained that 's not possible . "  Nobody can tell my girl what to do , " he commented . "  She just needed to be given some platforms of information to work from . . . One beautiful thing is that as she discovers it , the world discovers it . " The couple welcomed their first child together , daughter North , on June 15 . Courtesy of Cover Media	Kanye West opens up about his romance with Kim Kardashian in W magazine He says his love for her prompted him to appear on ` Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' The love they share is also the reason she 's willing to be criticized for his style choices
On Wednesday , the U.S. Senate will have the opportunity to put a stop to one of the most expensive Environmental Protection Agency rules in history : the Mercury and Air Toxic Standards rule . This is the centerpiece of President Obama 's war on coal . Called MATS , or Utility MACT , this rule will destroy jobs and cause energy prices to skyrocket . By voting for my resolution , SJR 37 , members of the Senate can prevent the Obama EPA from inflicting so much economic pain on American families . How do we know that Utility MACT is designed to kill coal ? Just ask EPA Region One Administrator Curt Spalding , who was seen on video admitting that because of the EPA 's regulatory barrage , "  If you want to build a coal plant you got a big problem . " He went on to say that EPA 's decision to kill coal was "  painful every step of the way , " because "  if you go to West Virginia , Pennsylvania , and all those places , you have coal communities who depend on coal . " Well , those communities that depend on coal are feeling that pain , and that 's why bipartisan momentum is growing for my resolution . West Virginia 's Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin , a Democrat , recently wrote to West Virginia Sens. Joe Manchin and Jay Rockefeller urging them to vote for SJR 37 , saying EPA 's rules have "  coalesced to create an unprecedented attack on West Virginia 's coal industry . " West Virginia 's Lt. Gov. Jeffrey Kessler echoed this concern , saying that EPA is destroying the state 's "  most valuable state natural resource and industry . " Labor , too , has come out to stop the job-killing over-regulation . Cecil Roberts , president of the United Mine Workers , one of the biggest labor unions in the country , recently sent a letter to several senators asking them to support my resolution because of "  the threat that the EPA MATS rule poses to United Mine Workers Association members ' jobs , the economies of coal field communities , and the future direction of our national energy policy . " In addition , we 've also secured the support of the Chamber of Commerce , the National Federation of Independent Business , the Farm Bureau and the National Association of Manufacturers , all of which represent major groups who are apparently not "  doing fine " in the face of EPA 's regulations . Let me be clear that this campaign to destroy coal is not about public health . If it were , Democrats would not have voted against my Clear Skies bill back in 2005 , a bill that would have achieved a reduction in mercury emissions of 70 % by 2018 . In fact , at that time , then-Sen . Obama served with me on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works . As he explained , "  I voted against the Clear Skies bill . In fact , I was the deciding vote . " There is a crucial difference between Clear Skies and Utility MACT . Clear Skies would have reduced emissions without harming jobs and our economy because it was based on a common-sense , market-based approach , designed to retain coal as a generator of electricity while reducing emissions each year . On the other hand , Utility MACT is designed to kill coal as well as all the good paying jobs that come with it , while providing little -- if any -- environmental gain . Just before President Obama felt compelled to halt EPA 's plan to tighten the ozone standard after significant push-back from Congress , then-White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley asked , "  What are the health impacts of unemployment ? " That is one of the most important questions before the Senate in preparation for the vote to stop Utility MACT . What are the health impacts on children whose parents will lose their jobs because of President Obama 's war on coal ? What are the health impacts on children in low-income families whose parents will have to spend more for skyrocketing electricity costs and less on their kids ' well-being ? The good news is that Congress can halt President Obama 's senseless war on fossil fuels and affordable energy . Many of my Democratic colleagues have gone on record saying they want to rein in this agency . Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill is one of them ; she told Missourians that she is determined to "  hold the line on the EPA . " Does that mean she , and other Senate Democrats who have made similar statements , will vote to stop the centerpiece of Obama 's war on coal ? I believe the EPA should go back to the drawing board and draft a rule targeted at mercury that would balance economic growth with environmental gain . The vote on my resolution will clearly demonstrate to the American people which senators will "  hold the line " and stand with their constituents for jobs and affordable energy , and which senators will stand with President Obama and his global warming agenda that will be painful -- "  every step of the way " -- for their constituents . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Senate to vote on Sen. Inhofe 's resolution to overturn EPA 's mercury emissions rule Rule applies to coal-fired plants , he says , and will hike energy costs , hurt miners , industry Inhofe : United Mine Workers , major business groups oppose EPA 's excessive regulation EPA emissions rule part of President Obama 's global warming agenda , Inhofe says
CNN  -- One year ago , the world watched as a massive tsunami engulfed entire communities in northern Japan . Live television footage showed waves as high as 30 feet rushing into coastal cities , tossing around boats , cars and rooftops just an hour after one of the largest earthquakes ever recorded . "  I thought Japan would disappear , " one elderly survivor said in the immediate aftermath . "  I thought Japan would disappear under water . " Earthquakes are not uncommon for Japan , which rests on one of the world 's most active fault lines . But the one that triggered the tsunami on March 11 , 2011 , had a magnitude of 9.0 , making it the fourth-largest earthquake in the world since 1900 . "  My wife and I stood outside and basically held on to the outside of our house , " resident Matt Alt said on the day of the quake . "  We could n't even stand up . We have never ever felt anything on the magnitude of what we experienced today . " The videos from last year 's disaster are still astonishing today . One shows a man trapped in rushing waters , desperately clinging to a telephone wire . Another shows people running away from the tsunami , barely escaping before a wall of water barrels into their homes . Many other people , however , were not so lucky . As of Friday , the official death toll was 15,854 . An additional 3,167 people are still missing . The total damage from the disaster has been estimated at about 25 trillion yen , or $ 300 billion . "  The house you 're seeing here was n't here before , " one man said , showing his neighborhood 's damage a week after the tsunami . "  It was swept here by the wave . The houses that were here were completely washed away . " With the popularity of mobile phones in Japan , last year 's tsunami was one of the most recorded natural disasters in history . Amateur videos surfaced quickly , making it easier than ever for people around the world to empathize with the victims , said Tokyo-based technology consultant Steve Nagata . "  Because you had all of this very real footage , it made the incident much more real in people 's minds , " Nagata recently told CNN 's Kyung Lah . "  They no longer have to imagine what a tsunami is . They saw it live . ... To be able to do this in near real time and to do it to audiences across the globe is unprecedented . " Many people lost their homes in the tsunami but were fortunate to find shelter at nearby evacuation centers . In Ishinomaki , Japan , evacuees used old boxes to set up "  cardboard cities " while they waited for temporary housing to be built . One of those evacuees , Yoshichi Suzuki , had a positive outlook as he stayed with his grandchildren at the shelter . Two months after the tsunami , Suzuki was nursing several plants that he had salvaged from his damaged home . "  They were washed away by the tsunami but still survived , " he told Lah . "  And they 're blooming with flowers now . "  Just like the plants , we must go on and live . " To see more amazing video footage from Japan 's earthquake and tsunami , check out the complete coverage rail at right or click here .	It has been one year since the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan The disaster unfolded live on televisions around the world Nearly 16,000 people have been killed , according to official numbers Damage has been estimated at about 25 trillion yen  $ 300 billion
CNN  -- A dazed boy 's musings after a trip to the dentist 's office had a good run . But even with foggy pronouncements like "  I have two fingers , " he was no match for Britain 's talented Susan Boyle . Boyle 's surprising vocal performance on "  Britain 's Got Talent " was far and away the most-watched video of the year on YouTube -- racking up more than 120 million views , according to the site . "  David After Dentist , " filmed by the boy 's father as he was clearly still loopy from medication , was a distant second with about 37 million views . This year is the first time YouTube has released a year-end list . On its blog , YouTube called 2009 "  the biggest year yet " for online video . "  Some moments were big -LSB- President Obama 's inauguration -RSB- , some small -LSB- a Minnesota wedding party erupts into dance -RSB- , some expected -LSB- "  New Moon " -RSB- , some surprising -LSB- Susan Boyle -RSB- -- but all of them inspired , entertained and connected millions of people around the world via YouTube , " read the blog . Titled "  JK Wedding Entrance Dance , " the video of a wedding party 's choreographed entrance to the tune of Chris Brown 's , "  Forever , " finished third with about 33 million views while the trailer for the hotly anticipated movie "  Twilight : New Moon " was fourth with 31 million . An advertisement for Evian bottled water that featured babies roller-skating to Sugar Hill Gang 's "  Rapper 's Delight " was fifth with about 27 million views . Boyle , a 47-year-old , unemployed , Scottish charity worker , leapt to international stardom after first taking the stage on the British reality show . Audience members and judges seemed to smirk at her frumpy appearance before she rendered a show-stopping version of "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables . " Boyle would go on to finish second on the contest but her album , released late last month , instantly went gold with more than 701,000 sales in its first week in the United States . YouTube also announced its top search terms for each month of the year -- a list that serves as an instant reminder of the top pop culture moments of 2009 . In the United States , the year started with "  Obama inauguration " as the fastest rising search term in January and ended with "  Tiger Woods " as the most popular term of December .	Susan Boyle 's performance is most popular YouTube video of 2009 "  David After Dentist , " a boy 's hazy pronouncements , finishes a distant second Wedding dance , skating babies and "  Twilight " also make the list YouTube calls 2009 "  biggest year yet " for online video
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic swept past Spain 's David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament Saturday and demonstrate he is in fine fettle for the start of the 2012 season . Djokovic ended the regular 2011 campaign nursing an injury and by losing to Ferrer at the end of season ATP World Tour Finals , but there was to be no repeat as the Serbian won 6-2 6-1 . After victories over Gail Monfils and Roger Federer , it was ideal preparation for the World No. 1 in the build-up to his defense of the Australian Open title next month . It also earned him the $ 250,000 check in the winner-takes-all six-man invitation event . Djokovic never looked back after sweeping into a 3-0 lead and was rarely troubled by his outclassed opponent . Earlier , Rafael Nadal beat old rival Roger Federer to claim third place with a 6-1 7-5 victory . But the Swiss maestro was unperturbed by his defeats ahead of the official season start next week . "  It 's about getting ready and feeling fine out there and enjoying a great atmosphere here and having the chance to play world class players , " Federer told gathered reporters . "  Trying a few things , see where you are at and see where the other guys are at . " It was a welcome win for Nadal , who lost to Ferrer Friday , and has been troubled by a shoulder injury ahead of the first grand slam of the season .	Novak Djokovic wins Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament World No. 1 thrashes David Ferrer 6-2 6-1 in final Rafael Nadal beats Roger Federer for third place Nadal sees off Swiss rival 6-1 7-5
Muscat  CNN  -- The oil market is caught in a pricing tug of war . It is clear emerging markets are beginning a slowdown which will likely cut demand for crude oil over the next year . The panic selling in equity markets from Indonesia to India , Dubai to Sao Paolo is a leading indicator of what may be ahead in 2014 . But at this juncture , the likelihood of military intervention in Syria , daily bombings and killings in Iraq , and uncertainty about the flow of crude through Egypt 's Suez Canal are far outweighing concerns about the developing world 's waning thirst for energy . Energy traders acknowledge the return of the so-called Middle East risk premium -- calculated to be $ 10 to $ 15 dollars a barrel . It is based on whether supplies might indeed be interrupted or , in the case of Iraq after four months of intense bombings , production has fallen below market expectations . For a record three years running , North Sea Brent crude has averaged more than $ 100 barrel . As a result , the dozen members of OPEC , dominated by the major producers of the Gulf , earned one and a quarter trillion dollars in 2012 . This was , in part , because of the cloud of uncertainty that hovers over the region . Read more : Egypt 's cycle of violence threatens to destroy country 's fragile economy It is a difficult balancing act . An escalation of violence triggered by military attacks on Syria is pushing crude well above what oil kingpin Saudi Arabia believes is a fair price of $ 100 . This fills the coffers of the six Gulf states , who in a post-Arab Spring - environment are spending record amounts to fund economic development , create jobs and buy internal peace . Watch more : Struggling to survive in Syria If crude gyrates higher -- as it did in 2008 , when it surged past $ 145 a barrel -- future demand could plummet and so too could oil prices . This is what happened in the second half of that year , when prices fell to below $ 40 . Oman 's long-serving central bank chief , Hamood Sangour Al Zadjali , told me that many attempts are being made behind the scenes to return calm to the region . But when asked if there could be a further push on the upside for crude as a result of what is transpiring regionally , he said : "  That could be true , and that would be beneficial for us because we still depend largely on oil prices for our budget revenues . " Read more : Iraq : Why violence and oil do n't mix Oman sits near the mouth of world 's busiest oil shipping lane , the Strait of Hormuz . It is now producing about 935,000 barrels a day , according to energy officials who spoke to me on background . The Sultanate 's 2013 budget was built on oil projections of $ 85 a barrel , with energy making up 80 % of total revenues . The near $ 25 premium over Oman 's projections will wipe out a planned budget deficit , officials told me . While regional oil producers may be swimming in additional funds , the higher prices will hit the economies which are running current account deficits and are subject to the capital flight we see today . Watch more : Britain , France support action in Syria Indonesia , India , Turkey top the list of the most vulnerable . With their currencies under severe pressure , there is the added danger of skyrocketing inflation due to higher imported energy costs . It may all sound a bit alarmist at this stage , with the mad dash of money out of emerging markets , but strategists suggest this is not the 1997 -- 1998 Asian financial crisis all over again . Watch more : UN : Syria 's chemical use unacceptable Two years ago , countries such as Brazil complained their currencies were overvalued and that in turn was undermining export growth . Now we are in midst of the pendulum , and perhaps overshooting in the other direction . That may be today 's narrative in a climate of so much uncertainty , but policymakers and energy planners in the region say it is way too early to call an end to the long term trend of rising emerging market demand . Oman 's central banker is one of those . "  We think the growth momentum will continue in these countries and there will be demand for Omani oil , " Al Zadjali told me . The country is banking on it , with BP and the government putting up to $ 20 billion into a new natural gas field . More tenders for additional exploration are in the pipeline , officials tell me . Oman , perched on the edge of the Arabian Sea , sees itself outside the region 's real danger zones , Syria , Iraq and Egypt . But it is too early to suggest in this geo-political climate whether that will remain the case .	Energy traders acknowledge the return of the so-called Middle East risk premium -- $ 10 to $ 15 dollars a barrel Military attacks on Syria is pushing crude well above what oil kingpin Saudi Arabia believes is a fair price of $ 100 The higher prices will hit the economies which are running current account deficits and are subject to the capital flight
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Bwindi Impenetrable Forest , Uganda  VBS.TV  -- Uganda has crept back into our consciousness lately with synchronized bomb attacks that took the lives of 76 people in the nation 's capital Kampala during the World Cup festivities . When we were last in Kampala , we set out to learn more about the desperate fight for the survival of mountain gorillas . With a dwindling population of 700 , they have been victims of poaching , disease , war , civil unrest , slaughter and displacement . Under pressure from rebel factions in Uganda and the DRC who massacred gorillas because the conservationists were "  getting on their nerves , " our guide tracks the remaining apes -- by armpit stench and dung -- to keep tabs on their health . We traveled to the remote jungle area known as Bwindi Impenetrable Forest in the southwestern part of Uganda , bordering with Rwanda and the DRC , areas plagued with dictatorships , genocide and decades of civil and national wars . Ten years earlier , eight park visitors had been abducted and then murdered by a group of Rwandan armed rebels in an effort to destabilize the region . The drive from Kampala was harrowing . Our driver sped and swerved obsessively , overtaking anyone in his path despite on-coming traffic . We witnessed three traffic accidents , two fatalities and an adventurous couple having sex in the middle of a dark mountain road after midnight . With four guards armed with machetes and rifles , two advance gorilla trackers , and our guide Levi we ventured into the dense tropical rainforest that is home to roughly half of the 700 remaining mountain gorillas in the world . Here we encountered the gentle beasts and found out more about their plight . See more of this story at VBS.TV	Mountain gorillas victims of poaching , disease , war , slaughter , displacement VBS.TV staff travels to Uganda to find out more of the plight of gorillas VBS.TV says gorillas have dwindled down to about 700 in the world
CNN  -- Federal aid helped many cash-strapped Americans keep a roof over their heads during the prolonged economic slump , but the number of people living a step away from the streets has grown sharply , researchers reported Wednesday . The estimated U.S. homeless population dipped about 1 % between 2009 and 2011 despite the lingering effects of the 2007-2009 recession , the Washington-based Homelessness Research Institute concluded . About $ 1.5 billion from the 2009 economic stimulus measure went toward rental assistance and programs steering recently evicted people toward new housing , "  and it seems likely that that has worked , " said Nan Roman , president of the National Alliance to End Homelessness . Nevertheless , the homeless population went up in 24 states during the past two years , the Washington-based researchers found . And the number of people who have had to move in with friends or relatives -- often a last stop before the street -- is up as well , according to Wednesday 's report . The Homelessness Research Institute , the educational arm of Roman 's organization , put the number of Americans living on the streets or in shelters at just over 636,000 in 2011 . That 's down about 6,000 from the group 's 2009 estimate . The figure is based on reports and street counts from state and local agencies that receive federal housing funds . Roman said the stimulus money , coupled with pre-recession federal programs aimed at veterans and the chronically ill , have kept that figure down even as the U.S. economy saw its worst downturn since the 1930s . But that money is drying up now that the Obama administration , Congress and the states are grappling with budget issues fueled by the recession . "  Just like all domestic discretionary spending , it 's vulnerable at the moment because of the deficit , " Roman said . States have already been cutting services , "  So again , it 's notable that these are still working . " The report found the effects of the recession keep cascading downward more than two years after its official end in mid-2009 . More than 4 million homes have been lost to foreclosure since 2007 , according to the online marketer RealtyTrac . Those foreclosures have driven many ex-homeowners into the rental market , driving up rents and pushing some of the working poor to move in with family , friends or other acquaintances . That "  doubled-up " population grew by about 800,000 people between 2009 and 2010 , the last year data was available , the HRI report concluded . About 6.8 million were in combined households in 2010 , a more than 50 % increase from 2005 , researchers found . "  The most common previous address for homeless people is that they were doubled up with someone else , " Roman said . The new figures are "  not a good sign . It means we 've got potentially a lot of people moving toward homelessness . " The number of low-income households that spend more than half their income on rent grew by 300,000 in 2009 , to 6.2 million . That 's about three-quarters of poor renters , the HRI study found . But the figures showed slight declines among nearly all categories examined , including a more than 10 % decline in the number of unemployed veterans and about a 3 % dip in the ranks of the chronically homeless -- people with disabilities like severe mental illness or addiction that result in repeated or extended stays on the street .	The estimated U.S. homeless population has remained basically flat , researchers say But a rise in people sharing housing is "  not a good sign , " an advocate says About $ 1.5 billion in stimulus money helped keep people in homes , she says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The most complicated neighborhood in the world is even more uncertain these days , and what you see ranges from breathtaking to heart-stopping . In Ramallah , West Bank , there are fancier cars and more economic activity than when I last visited five years ago . That is n't the only big change : In the early days of the Obama presidency the new American president inspired hope across the Arab world . Now , there are posters and protests critical of the president , and some harsh words from everyday Palestinians . Gaza , though , makes Ramallah look like a booming metropolis . It takes only a few yards past the Hamas checkpoint to wonder whether you stepped through a time portal : There are carts drawn by donkeys and horses , and poverty that makes you cringe . Palestinians : The big divide In Gaza City , a billboard reminds you only fools get optimistic about prospects for peace here : It is a celebration of the Hamas military wing that is responsible for , among other things , rocket attacks in Israeli communities . It does n't have to be this way : We visited a soda bottling plant and a furniture factory that offer economic hope . But the owners of both say employment is way down -- from 150 people to 20 at the furniture factory -- because they can no longer export through Israel and have trouble getting supplies . Just about everyone in Gaza blames Israel . But several passersby , after nervously looking around , also told me Hamas shared some of the blame for making peace such a distant hope . This will linger : the smiles and jokes from children who came to say hello and get some candy from my CNN colleague Tasha Diakides . Their eyes still sparkle with hope , a counterbalance to the violent graffiti and posters that make one worry if the leaders here can ever set aside their hate and mistrust . 5 things to know about Obama 's first presidential visit to Israel This is my ninth visit to Israel in the past 25 years , and I 'm always reminded of college and my first reporting job in Rhode Island : Everything is so close . Gaza to Jerusalem is just shy of 50 miles . Drive a few more -- again toward Ramallah -- and you are better schooled in how land is the currency of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Arab villages abut Israeli settlements like Efrat and Ma'ale Adumim . Is this the way it is supposed to be ? Or is it an Israeli effort to "  change the facts on the ground " ? It depends on whom you ask , of course . The one thing those with different answers seem to share is distrust of those who disagree with them . Opinion : Obama 's Israel trip is about legacy You can hear gunfire every day . On a West Bank hillside we visited Caliber 3 , a security training academy . Vigilance is the motto here , and among those learning hand to hand combat and marksmanship are security personnel for the Jerusalem light rail and Jewish settlers who are part of their community security structure . The man who runs the school is a combat veteran and colonel in the Israeli reserves . He laughs while telling the story of how his mother hoped there would be peace and he would never have to serve in the Army . Sharon Gat says he is already telling his children they are all but certain to serve because , as he put it so simply , "  you live in Israel . " Jerusalem is the Holy Land , cherished ground to three great faiths : Judaism , Islam and Christianity . A walk through history is also a reminder of how home , the United States , is , from a chronological perspective , a baby in the world . Israeli president : No doubt Obama has Israel 's back From the Old City to Tel Aviv is just 34 miles as the bird flies but a fast-forward in time : There , high-tech rules , and the walkway along the Mediterranean Sea is packed with young Israeli professionals and their families . Most are n't interested in talking politics . Those who will have mixed opinions of President Obama , and if nothing else voiced hope this trip would melt away some of the personal chill between the U.S. president and their prime minister . Like the young eyes in Gaza , the stunning sunset here gives pause , and ca n't help but make you think this is supposed to be a less fragile place .	John King is in Mideast covering President Obama 's visit It is King 's ninth visit in 25 years and change jumps out at him But discontent , threat of violence remain the same
President Barack Obama on Friday announced that virtually all U.S. troops will come home from Iraq by the end of the year -- at which point he can declare an end to America 's long and costly war in that Middle Eastern nation . "  After nearly nine years , America 's war in Iraq will be over , " Obama said . "  The coming months will be a season of homecomings . Our troops in Iraq will definitely be home for the holidays . " Of the 39,000 troops in Iraq , about 150 , a negligible force , will remain to assist in arms sales , a U.S. official told CNN . The rest will be out of Iraq by December 31 . The president said he was making good on his 2008 campaign pledge to end a war that has divided the nation since it began in 2003 and claimed more than 4,400 American lives.The announcement also came after talks that might have allowed a continued major military presence broke down amid disputes about whether U.S. troops would be immune to prosecution by Iraqi authorities . Obama spoke with Iraqi President Nuri al-Maliki in a video conference Friday , after which he said both nations were comfortable with the decision on how to move forward . The new partnership with Iraq will be "  strong and enduring , " Obama said . "  The last American soldier will cross the border out of Iraq with their head held high , proud of their success and knowing that the American people stand united in our support for our troops , " Obama said . According to a statement from the Iraqi prime minister 's office , al-Maliki and Obama "  shared the same point of view on the need to start a new phase of strategic relations . " That includes agreeing to a high-level meeting within two weeks . Beyond the human cost , the price tag for U.S. military activity in Iraq has been steep as well . A report from the non-partisan , government-funded Congressional Research Service found that the Defense Department spent nearly $ 757 billion for military operations in Iraq over the past decade , $ 50 billion higher than the estimate released by the Pentagon . Another $ 41 billion for Iraq was spent on State Department and USAID initiatives , plus $ 6 billion for troops ' health expenses , the CRS report stated . Paul Rieckhoff -- an ex-Army soldier who heads the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , the first and largest such organization for these veterans , according to its website -- cheered Friday 's announcement as "  really good news for the troops serving overseas . " "  It 's a really poignant time , especially for the veterans community , " Rieckhoff told CNN . "  Many of us gave large parts of our lives , some gave all in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn . " While Democrats largely applauded Friday 's announcement , some Republicans disagreed with the president . Sen. John McCain called it a "  consequential failure " for the Obama administration , which he said was n't focused on succeeding in Iraq , and Iraq 's government . "  Today marks a harmful and sad setback for the United States in the world , " said McCain , an Arizona Republican who faced off against Obama in the 2008 presidential election . "  This decision will be viewed as a strategic victory for our enemies in the Middle East , especially the Iranian regime , which has worked relentlessly to ensure a full withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq . " Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough dismissed the notion that Friday 's decision would affect Iran , which he claimed already is "  weaker and more isolated " due to U.S. and allied efforts unrelated to Iraq . "  We do n't need to try to exercise our influence on those matters through Iraq , " McDonough told reporters Friday . "  We 're obviously concerned about Iran 's willingness to live up to its obligations ... but we do n't have concerns about our ability to make sure that the Iraqis can exercise the kind of sovereignty that they want . " Another U.S. official -- who is not authorized to speak for attribution -- acknowledged that "  the Iranians have been trying to gain influence in Iraq for some time , " but stressed that "  Iranian influence in Iraq has limits . " The official said the Iraq "  will not roll over " to Iran , with whom it has a long history of border disputes including a bloody eight-year war in the 1980s . The current Status of Force Agreement had called for U.S. troops to leave by the end of 2011 . But lengthy negotiations in recent months had led some to expect that American troops -- roughly 40,000 of which are in Iraq -- would remain there into next year . These talks , however , broke down over the prickly issue of legal immunity for U.S. troops in Iraq , a senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the discussions told CNN this month . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and other top brass have repeatedly said any deal to keep U.S. troops in Iraq beyond the withdrawal deadline would require a guarantee of legal protection for American soldiers . But the Iraqis refused to agree to that , opening up the prospect of Americans being tried in Iraqi courts and subjected to Iraqi punishment . The negotiations were strained following WikiLeaks ' release of a diplomatic cable that alleged Iraqi civilians , including children , were killed in a 2006 raid by American troops rather than in an airstrike as the U.S. military initially reported . U.S. troops have already started the drawdown . For instance , a brigade from Fort Bliss , Texas , that was originally scheduled to be among the last to leave Iraq was being pulled out of the country months ahead of its planned departure , military officials told CNN last week . Besides withdrawing more units , others will not head overseas as planned . That includes about 775 Georgia-based soldiers from the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division , which announced Friday it will not deploy to Iraq in December as previously scheduled . Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , commander of U.S. forces in Iraq , has said that Iraq would n't be able to defend its borders if U.S. troops pulled out and also questioned Iraqi forces ability to defend its airspace . But Panetta , en route to Indonesia , said history shows that Iraq will be ready . "  We 've taken out now about 100,000 troops and yet the level of violence has remained relatively low , " the defense secretary said . "  And I think that 's a reflection of the fact that the Iraqis have developed a very important capability here to be able to respond to security threats within their own country . " Regardless , officials insisted that the drastic pullback of troops does not mean an end to the U.S. government 's presence in Iraq . State Department spokesman Mark Toner described Friday 's development as the start of "  a new chapter in our relationship " with Iraq -- while acknowledging the challenges of the change . "  You ca n't flip a switch and go from a military operation to a civilian operation ; there has to be a transition and we 're working on that transition , " he said . "  But we believe we 're ready . " Toner also noted substantial improvements in the capabilities of the Iraqis , even as he admitted the continued importance of addressing "  security needs " of the hundreds of nonmilitary U.S. personnel who will remain there . That includes about 1,700 diplomats , law enforcement officers and various economic , agriculture and other professionals and experts who will be in Iraq into 2012 , according to the State Department . In addition , 5,000 security contractors will protect the U.S. diplomats and another 4,500 contractors will serve other roles , such as helping provide food and medical services , until they can be done locally . Toner said the U.S. and Iraqi governments are still talking about security and other matters , though he stressed any such discussions should not change the basic decision announced Friday . "  We continue to talk about the post-December 31 arrangement  and  security relationship , " Toner said . "  At the same time , we are very committed to meeting the December 31 deadline . " Panetta , too , did not rule out the possibility that U.S. forces would head to Iraq to train forces there . "  As we ... look at developing this normal relationship , a lot of it is going to depend on what they want , what their needs are and how we can best meet them , " he said .	U.S. defense chief says Iraqi forces are capable A U.S. official says Iraq "  will not roll over " to Iranians trying to exert their influence Iraq 's prime minister says he and Obama both want to "  start a new phase " in relations Almost all U.S. troops will be home by the end of December , according to Obama
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar was blocked from leaving the country Thursday after Pakistan 's Supreme Court struck down an amnesty that had protected politicians from corruption charges , state media reported . Nearly 280 government officials and ministers have been placed on an exit control list by the high court , said Wajid Hasan , Pakistan 's high commissioner in Britain . The 17-judge court invalidated the National Reconciliation Order on Wednesday , saying in its ruling that the amnesty "  seems to be against the national interest " and "  violates various provisions of the Constitution . " The order , passed in October 2007 under then-President Pervez Musharraf , only covered alleged wrongdoing that occurred between 1986 through 1999 . The order , which expired last month , protected thousands of bureaucrats and politicians , including President Asif Ali Zardari and his wife , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , from corruption and criminal charges . Mukhtar , among the officials once protected by the order , was on an official trip to China when he was stopped at the Islamabad airport . Pakistan 's Supreme Court said its ruling revived all cases that had been suspended or withdrawn under the amnesty . Zardari 's government released a brief statement Thursday saying : "  The government respects the judgment of the Supreme Court and is awaiting the detailed judgment . However , the government has already started consulting the legal experts for its implementation . " CNN 's Nic Robertson and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Supreme Court kills an amnesty protecting politicians from corruption charges Pakistani court rules amnesty "  seems to be against the national interest " Nearly 280 government officials , including defense minister , are on the court 's exit control list Defense minister taking official trip to China when he is stopped at Islamabad airport
London  CNN  -- Alfred Hitchcock 's "  Vertigo " has been named the greatest movie of all time , knocking long-time favorite Orson Welles ' "  Citizen Kane " off the top of a once-in-a-decade survey of critics from around the world . Hitchcock 's thriller , starring James Stewart and Kim Novak , came top of Sight & Sound magazine 's poll of 846 film experts more than 50 years after the movie was first released -- to little critical acclaim -- in 1958 . Sight & Sound has compiled a list of the 100 greatest films every 10 years ; the results , announced with great fanfare , are awaited with bated breath by cinephiles across the globe . But over the decades the composition of the top 10 has remained relatively consistent , with "  Citizen Kane " retaining pole position for half a century . This time around , though , Orson Welles ' 1941 masterwork slipped to the number two slot , ahead of Yasujiro Ozu 's "  Tokyo Story "  1953  at number three , Jean Renoir 's "  La Regle du Jeu " at number four . Sight & Sound 's editor Nick James said the surprise result in the critics ' poll reflected changes in the culture of film criticism , away from "  films that strive to be great art , such as ` Citizen Kane , ' and that use cinema 's entire arsenal of effects to make a grand statement " towards those with "  personal meaning to the critic . " "  Vertigo is the ultimate critics ' film because it is a dreamlike film about people who are not sure who they are but who are busy reconstructing themselves and each other to fit a kind of cinema ideal of the ideal soul mate , " he said in a statement . F.W. Murnau 's "  Sunrise "  1927  rounded out the top five . Murnau 's first Hollywood movie was one of a record three silent films to make it into the top ten , alongside Dziga Vertov 's "  Man with a Movie Camera "  1929  and Carl Theodor Dreyer 's "  The Passion of Joan of Arc "  1928  . And while the rest of the top ten does include films familiar to more mainstream moviegoers -- Stanley Kubrick 's "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " and John Ford 's "  The Searchers " -- there is little room in the poll for today 's box office hits . Hollywood 's big-budget blockbusters , such as "  Avatar , " "  Titanic , " and "  The Avengers " do not register in the upper reaches of the poll . You 'll find no Harry Potter or James Bond -- the most successful film franchises of all time -- and you 'll have to look beyond the top 20 for a film made beyond the 20th century . "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " dating from 1968 , is the most modern film in the top 10 ; more recent offerings from Wong Kar-Wai -- 2000 's "  In the Mood for Love " -- and David Lynch -- 2001 's "  Mulholland Drive " make their debuts lower down the list , at 24 and 28 , respectively . Women , too , are poorly represented -- just two female filmmakers are included in the top 100 -- Chantal Akerman for "  Jeanne Dielman , 23 Quai du Commerce 1080 Bruxelles "  at 35  and Claire Denis for "  Beau Travail "  at 78  . Filmmakers also got to have their say : A separate poll of 358 directors from all over the world , including Francis Ford Coppola , Martin Scorsese , Woody Allen and Quentin Tarantino , picked "  Tokyo Story " as their top movie , ahead of "  Citizen Kane " and "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " in joint second place . "  Vertigo " was placed seventh on the directors ' list . And there 's hope for the likes of James Cameron , Christopher Nolan and Peter Jackson -- Hitchcock 's "  Vertigo " was not considered "  great " at the time of its release . Its gradual rise up the Sight & Sound poll  it was first included in 1982 , at number 7  parallels an increasing recognition of Hitchcock 's film-making prowess . Alfred Hitchcock : The man behind the movies Hitchcock 's classics remade in sticky tape	Alfred Hitchcock 's "  Vertigo " named greatest film in once-in-a-decade poll of film critics Hitchcock knocks Orson Welles ' "  Citizen Kane " off top of list for first time in 50 years "  Tokyo Story , " "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " and "  The Searchers " among top picks Three silent films , including Murnau 's "  Sunrise "  1927  also included in Top 10
CNN  -- When Florence Griffith-Joyner signed up for her 1988 Olympic 100 meter trial in Indianapolis , few expected fireworks . But those who were there to witness her quarterfinal run could n't comprehend what they were seeing . Flo Jo , as she would later become known , had been a good , but not exceptional , 200 meter sprinter over the past seven years . She had failed to qualify for the boycotted 1980 Moscow Olympics but had won silver at the Los Angeles games four years later . She had n't run the 100 meters , not seriously , until now . The next ten-and-a-half seconds encapsulated everything that would define Flo Jo for the rest of her life Speed , elegance , beauty , femininity , suspicion . She got off to an indifferent start but at 60 meters found a different gear and destroyed the field in a way unseen in women 's sprinting . By the time she crossed the finishing line she had recorded a time of 10.49 seconds , almost four hundredths of a second quicker than her previous best before the trial , and a new world record . She had smashed it wearing her self-designed , one-legged jump suit and sporting her trademark mane of dark hair and long , painted finger nails . The commentator on American TV was dumbstruck . "  I. . . it ca n't be , nobody can run that fast , " he stuttered when hearing the anemometer had recorded a legal wind speed . "  They must have done something to the electronics because she won by such a margin ... it might be right but 10.4  9  ... is incredible . " But the electronics , even if there was a suspicion of a fault , were deemed infallible and the record stood . The taint of drugs Looking back at that moment her husband and then coach , the Olympic gold medal winning triple jumper Al Joyner , laughs when he recalls the reaction to the record . "  At first , when she beat the record , they said it was wind assisted , " he exasperated . "  Later when she won the medals they said it was drugs . " The run was a prelude to that other unforgettable sprint performance at Seoul . Ben Johnson 's brutal world record and subsequent ban for testing positive for steroids cast a long shadow over the Games , and an even longer one over Flo Jo . She won gold in the 100 and 200 meters . In any era she would be hailed as the greatest of all time , a sprinter who transformed her discipline in the same way Usain Bolt has transformed his . But her improvement was so great , her times so exceptional , the change in her physique so profound that , for most , drugs -- steroids -- was the only answer . "  It was jealousy , " Joyner tells CNN , denying that Flo Jo ever took drugs . "  I trained her like a man . We did a lot of things then that they do now with nutrition . The things that separated her were her mental focus and toughness . She was humble . My wife was great then and she is great now . " A humble start Florence Griffith was the seventh of eleven children brought up in Jordan Downs , a run-down public housing complex in Los Angeles . Her running ability at 200 and 400 meters got her to college but she dropped out to become a bank clerk and part time hair stylist to support her family . It was only when she managed to secure a meager sponsorship that she could start to take running seriously . Joyner still vividly remembers seeing his future wife for the first time . "  I met her at the U.S. Olympic trial in 1980 . It was 6.45 pm . I remember that because I never saw a woman look like that before ; she made me speechless , " he recalls . "  Jackie -LSB- Joyner-Kersee , his Olympic gold medal winning sister -RSB- was going through UCLA . Eventually I came back out to train . I 'm doing distance running . So we start running together and started being friends . She 's was not only beautiful , but she could run . I thought I could run off and leave her but I could n't shake her . " The two married in 1987 and it was this emotional and financial stability that Joyner credits , in part , to the huge jump that Flo Jo made between that year and 1988 . "  Florence gave a lot of her love . I was the person that gave the love back , " he says . "  She needed to know trust and faith and belief . " The other ingredient , according to Joyner , was purchased in a local K-Mart . "  We bought a $ 150 leg exercise machine and she did leg curls every night . More than 20 lbs every night to build up the strength in her legs . She was working 12 hours a day . " Seoul 1988 Flo Jo 's incredible run at the U.S. Olympic Trials had made her an object of suspicion when she arrived at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul , compounded by the shocking news of Ben Johnson 's fall from grace . Her preparations had n't been great . She ran an 11 second plus time at a meeting in Sweden and then , according to Joyner "  10.89 in Gateshead , London  sic  . " Although , on closer examination , that was into a headwind and was still as fast as British sprinter Linford Christie could muster , the man who won silver in the men 's 100 meters . But Flo Jo breezed through the heats at the Games , recording a clean sweep of sub-11 second times when she won a wind assisted final in 10.54 seconds . Again she had an average start but burst free at 60 meters , annihilating the rest of the field . She was handed the Stars and Stripes and headed towards her husband . "  I feel so good that it 's over , " she said moments afterward . "  I was n't chasing the time , I was chasing the win . A gold , that 's the first for me at the Olympics and I just thank God that it 's over . " Al Joyner was beaming by her side . "  Seeing my wife run 10.54 ... " he said , still a little shocked . "  I predicted 10.57 but she always wants to run a little ahead of me . It brought tears to me . " But behind the scenes the suspicion had led to a string of drug tests for Flo Jo , tests which Joyner used as motivation for his wife . "  She was being tested and I felt people were trying to get into her head , I had to keep her focused , " he says . "  I told her : "  Go out there and run like you on jet fuel . " Her next run in the 200 meters was even more remarkable . She smashed her own world record . Both her 100 and 200 meter records still stand today , unbroken . "  We performed all possible and imaginable analyses on her , " the president of the International Olympic Committee 's medical commission , Prince Alexandre de MÃ © rode , said at the time . "  We never found anything . There should not be the slightest suspicion . " A clean slate ? Florence Griffith-Joyner never did fail a drugs test . Seoul would be her last Olympics . She retired afterward with a press conference at Madison Square Garden . Her detractors point to the fact she retired just as compulsory random drug testing was being introduced . But Joyner insists she left the sport to have a family . Her only daughter was born in 1990 . Talk of a comeback at the 1996 Olympics came and then went when she had a seizure that same year . Two years later she died in her sleep . She was 38 years old . "  We were dazzled by her speed , humbled by her talent and captivated by her style , " President Clinton said . "  That was September 21 , I was getting ready to take my daughter to school and I hear my wife 's alarm clock , " recalls Joyner , who refers to Flo Jo in the present tense throughout . "  I turn off the alarm clock and my wife 's not moving . It was devastating looking at my daughter . She was seven . When I see the Olympic Games now it brings joy to me , all her hard work . They can say what they want to say . " Flo Jo had suffocated during an epileptic seizure . At first her death at such a young age seemed to prove the suspicion of steroid use . There was intense interest in the autopsy . "  I had to do my grieving in front of the whole world , " says Joyner , only finding any measure of comfort "  30 days later after my wife 's autopsy . " The results in death , just as in life , had proven Flo Jo right . There was no conclusive proof of drug use . "  I told the doctor , they checked for everything , " he says . "  They had people coming up all the time wanting to do tests . My wife passed the ultimate drugs test . " Taking back Fl Jo Florence Griffith Joyner is rarely mentioned without an invisible asterisk next to her name when the women 's 100 and 200 meters comes around in Olympic year . Current runners bemoan the unreachable bench mark she set . Double Olympic 200 meter gold medalist Veronica Campbell Brown got nowhere near it , saying it was beyond her reach . Former 200 meter Olympic champion Gwen Torrence said that she "  did not acknowledge those records ... To me they do n't exist and women sprinters are suffering as a result of what she did to the times in the 100 and 200 . " Yet her impact on the sport is there for all to see . "  Every time you see a woman in the 100 or 200 meters with make-up and nails , that 's Florence , " says Joyner of his wife 's legacy . "  She did it with style and she did it with speed . She was in a class by herself especially for all the women she opened the door for . Her star will always shine . And it has the right to shine . "	Florence Griffith-Joyner shocked the world when she won 100 and 200m gold at Seoul 1988 In that year she smashed both world records , which still stand today Flo Jo had been dogged by unfounded drug allegations until her death in 1998 CNN speaks to her coach and husband Al Joyner about Seoul , drugs and her legacy
CNN  -- Reptiles are the biggest thing on Vogue UK 's website right now , but not as boots or bags . With a few keyboard strokes , visitors to the site can watch a parade of dinosaurs in quirky hats flashing across the page . Trust me and try it : Go to the site and type this : up , up , down , down , left , right , left right , b then a as many times as you want . Dinosaurs invaded the websites of several UK editions of Conde ' Nast publications this week . GQ , Easy Living and Wired each have dinosaurs dressed for the occasion , so to speak : on GQ , a dapper dino dressed in a suit , Nyan cats flying across WiredUK . Cartoon avatars back in vogue Who gets the prehistoric style points on this one ? Fashion blogs that caught wind of the avatars Monday speculated that they were the result of a hack . A Conde Nast Britain spokesman declined to comment on the prehistoric invaders except to say they "  were intended . " Computer security expert Graham Cluley said the stunt was created using Konami code , an "  old cheat-sequence code " that could be used on vintage Nintendo games , but are now considered a meme . But let 's get back to the hats . Massachusetts-based milliner Sally Steinmann reports that the headwear on the Vogue dinos are "  everyday casual style " often used in the fall or winter . They range from a "  plush , faux fur cloche in red and gray , " to a feathered fedora , and even brimmed-military style caps also make an appearance . Steinmann said she would have loved to see dinosaurs decked in millinery creations more a la Vogue , like Stephen Jones or Philip Treacy , or hats worthy of the Royal Ascot . "  Perhaps the dinos are simply showing their good taste , " she said .	Keyboard code unleashes parade of stylish dinosaurs on Conde Nast UK websites Dinosaurs are Konami codes , an ` old cheat-sequence ' often used as memes Conde Nast says dinosaurs are "  intended , " not result of a computer hack
Washington  CNN  -- A Republican member of Congress in charge of investigating the Benghazi attacks in which four Americans were killed said Monday that questions remain about what happened that night but he does not think the Obama administration formulated a "  complete cover-up . " Rep. Lynn Westmoreland , R-Georgia , chair of a House Intelligence subcommittee , said incompetence is the likely culprit . "  I do n't think they knew what they were doing , " he said . He said the various arms of government involved -- the State Department and intelligence agencies -- "  got their communications mixed up . " "  I think what ended up happening , you had the State Department trying to tell one story and you had the security , the intelligence community that may have been trying to sell another story , " Westmoreland said on CNN 's "  New Day . " Westmoreland 's subcommittee interviewed five CIA contractors who were at the compound that night . More than a year after the attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi , questions still linger as to what led to the deaths of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . The House Intelligence Committee has held 15 hearings on the attacks . Benghazi Consulate Attack Fast Facts In the days following the September 11 , 2012 , attacks , the Obama administration said the incident was not a planned attack but was a protest turned violent . That story quickly unraveled and the administration has been accused of a cover-up . "  I do n't think there was any doubt that they knew it was a coordinated attack , " Westmoreland said , pointing to the "  accuracy of the mortar fire that came . " More questions about a cover-up arose recently when members of Congress found out that Americans present that night were asked to sign an updated nondisclosure agreement . CNN investigative correspondent Drew Griffin reported last week that a source told him that "  there is not a person in Washington , D.C. , who does n't understand why the forms were put in front of these people . " Congressional source : Benghazi contractors seem to contradict CIA chief Westmoreland said it 's "  not that unusual " to sign updated security agreements and that the forms specifically stated that signatories have the right to speak to House and Senate Intelligence committees . Westmoreland also said that reports of "  an ongoing gun battle " throughout the night are "  just not true . " He said the CIA operatives told his subcommittee there was random fire throughout the night , which was commonplace in Benghazi . He said questions do remain , however , including if there was a lull in activity between the sparse gunfire . In addition , Westmoreland said that when the CIA arrived at the compound that night , regional security forces were unarmed and one officer did n't have his shoes on . "  I think they were totally unprepared for any type of attack , " he said . Libyan lawmakers , top officials discuss Benghazi violence Westmoreland said the committee is looking into why a directive was released on August 11 telling the personnel in Benghazi that "  you are on your own . " The compound itself is not set up for protection , " Westmoreland said , adding that the CIA operatives said "  they could n't believe those guys were over there as unprepared and unequipped as they were . " "  We have been chasing every rabbit that 's popped its head out of the rabbit hole and we 're going to continue to do that , " he said . Congressman : Benghazi questions need answers , or more steps needed	Rep. Lynn Westmoreland , R-Georgia , spoke with 5 CIA operatives who were there He says he does n't think the Obama administration attempted a full-scale cover-up Westmoreland says there are questions about memo telling personnel they 're ` on your own '
Financial Times  -- Chinese President Xi Jinping is expected to unveil a big port project in Tanzania during his first visit to Africa as head of state , highlighting China 's growing infrastructure investments in the resource-rich continent . Chinese investment in and trade with Africa have soared over the past decade , with China 's lending to developing country governments and companies surpassing that of the World Bank during certain periods . The visit to Tanzania is rich in symbolism because the Tanzania-Zambia railroad , built in the 1970s , was one of China 's first major infrastructure projects in Africa . During his trip , Mr Xi is expected to sign several co-operation agreements with Tanzania , including plans for a $ 10bn port project in Bagamoyo , Philip Marmo , Tanzania 's ambassador to China , told the Chinese newspaper 21st Century Business Herald . The port , which is located north of Dar es Salaam , will be linked to a special industrial zone and function as a trade hub linking Asia and east Africa , with the state-owned China Merchants Group leading the port construction , according to Mr Marmo . Tanzania has made several natural gas discoveries in recent years and China surprised western donors when it offered to build and finance a 532km gas pipeline to link the gas deposits in the south of the country to the port in Dar es Salaam , despite the fact that there is not yet the proven gas resources to fill the pipeline and no plan to sell what little exists . Construction on that pipeline , which was funded by a $ 1.2 bn loan from the Export-Import Bank of China , nevertheless began last year on what one observer said was "  ludicrously good " terms , with a seven-year interest-free period before low rates come into effect over 30 years . But others cautioned it may be an expensive way to indebt Tanzania to Chinese interests . China 's top diplomat for Africa said it was "  inevitable " that Mr Xi included the continent on his first overseas trip as head of state . "  Africa 's importance in our foreign policy has been rising , " said Lu Shaye , head of the African affairs department at the Chinese foreign ministry . "  We want to strengthen our co-operation with developing countries , this is a main direction of our foreign strategy . " Mr Xi arrived in Tanzania late on Sunday , and will attend the Brics summit in South Africa on Tuesday and Wednesday , followed by a visit to the Republic of Congo on March 29-30 . In a statement issued on Sunday , Mr Xi said China and Tanzania shared an "  all-weather " friendship . "  In the nearly five decades since we have established diplomatic relations , we have built up trust and constantly supported each other , " he said . Mr Xi is expected to give a speech on China-Africa relations later on Monday . The China Merchants Group declined to comment on whether they were involved in projects in Tanzania . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Xi is expected to sign co-operation agreements with Tanzania , including a $ 10bn port project The port , which is located north of Dar es Salaam , will be linked to a special industrial zone The Tanzania-Zambia railroad , built in the 1970s , was one of China 's first major infrastructure projects in Africa
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia abortion provider Kermit Gosnell was sentenced Wednesday to life with no parole in the death of one of three babies who died in his clinic . He received the same sentence in the two other deaths Tuesday . Gosnell , 72 , was convicted Monday on three consecutive counts of first-degree murder for killing babies by cutting their spinal cords with scissors . Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said he doubts there would be a doctor that would think three consecutive life sentences "  is not a deterrent , " but admitted that there might be criticism that Gosnell did n't get death . "  We have shown him mercy where he failed to show mercy , " Williams told reporters Wednesday . Williams ' office announced Tuesday that Gosnell agreed give up his right to appeal in exchange for avoiding a possible death sentence . Judge Jeffrey Minehart , who rendered the decision , also sentenced Gosnell on Wednesday to 2Â 1/2 to 5 years in the case of 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar , who died of an anesthetic overdose during an abortion at Gosnell 's West Philadelphia clinic . Before sentencing , Mongar family attorney , Bernie Smalley Sr. , delivered a statement on behalf of her family . "  She was a mother , a wife and a grandmother , " Smalley said . "  They lost something that can never be returned . " Mother shares regrets amid trial "  They will always mourn the loss . " Gosnell also was sentenced to 10 to 20 years each on two counts of conspiracy to commit murder . Those sentences will run concurrently . Additionally , he was sentenced to 10 to 20 years for running a corrupt organization . When the judge asked if he had anything to say , Gosnell turned to his attorney Jack McMahon , smiled and said , "  Not at this time . " Defense attorney McMahon , in an impassioned , 2Â 1/2 - hour closing argument , said said that none of the infants were killed . Rather , he said , they were already dead as a result of Gosnell administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . After the Wednesday court appearance , McMahon said Gosnell did not believe his acts constituted homicide and said his clinic "  was not a house of horrors " "  There was a lynching by the media prior to the trial , " he said . "  Dr. Gosnell performed over 16,000 abortions , helped many young women . " McMahon said Gosnell knows that "  some of his methodology was wrong " and that it was "  wrong to perform abortion past 24 weeks . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . "  He bent the rules but he 's not a monster , " McMahon said . After the hearing , jurors spoke and they said it was tough to look at images of victims during the trial . David Misko said Gosnell is "  more of a predator than a monster . " He said the trial was overwhelming and "  took an emotional toll . " Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws Gosnell 's co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , was found guilty of conspiracy to operate a corrupt organization and two counts of theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . O'Neill , a medical school graduate , was not charged with performing illegal abortions . She did not plead guilty . Eight people involved in Gosnell 's clinic , called the Women 's Medical Society , earlier pleaded guilty to various charges . Four of them pleaded guilty to murder . A grand jury report from 2011 says the "  people who ran this sham medical practice included no doctors other than Gosnell himself , and not even a single nurse , " yet they still made diagnoses , performed procedures and administered drugs . Gosnell also was accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . The remains of aborted fetuses were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer at the clinic , the city 's chief medical examiner Sam Gulino testified . Former employee Kareema Cross said Gosnell regularly performed illegal late-term abortions that he routinely recorded as "  24.5 weeks . " McMahon , who called no witnesses , accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . The doctor was first charged in January 2011 . The case has drawn national attention and sharp criticism from anti-abortion activists .	Gosnell gets consecutive sentences of life without parole District attorney says of Gosnell : "  We have shown him mercy where he failed to show mercy " Gosnell 's attorney says "  he bent the rules , but he 's not a monster "
A pair of Colorado farmers were sentenced Tuesday to five years ' probation , including six months of in-home detention , for their role in a 2011 listeriosis outbreak that killed roughly three dozen Americans who consumed infected cantaloupe , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Brothers Eric and Ryan Jensen , who grew up cultivating cantaloupes on Jensen Farms , a fixture in the dry plains of southeastern Colorado since the early 1900s , also were sentenced to 100 hours of community service and ordered to pay $ 150,000 in restitution in connection with the deadliest food outbreak in the United States in nearly 100 years . Each apologized in court to the victims ' families . "  My most sincere apologies and deepest regrets . I hope the victims ' meeting helped , " Ryan Jensen said , according to CNN affiliate KMGH . "  I do know that much has been gained in food safety understanding both here and outside the country because of this . " Ryan Jensen also agreed to attend a substance abuse program as part of the sentence . Experts : The outbreak was preventable "  This has been a huge tragedy . We are very , very sorry . We hope it leads to better understanding of food safety , " Eric Jensen said . Both brothers pleaded guilty last year to misdemeanor counts of introducing adulterated food into interstate commerce . The prosecution recommended probation because of the cooperation of the brothers , including their willingness to meet with congressional investigators and relatives of their victims , Colorado U.S. Attorney John Walsh said in a statement . "  No sentence of incarceration , restitution or financial penalty can undo the tragic damage done as a result of the contamination at Jensen Farms , " Walsh said . "  Today 's sentence serves as a powerful reminder of farmers ' legal and moral responsibility for ensuring their product is safe . Because of the Jensen Farms case and this prosecution , changes have been made regarding how fruit is processed and transported across the country . " Relatives of the victims expressed mixed feelings . "  Our family actually asked that they only get probation and no jail time because we never thought they proved that they were harming the food with intent to do any harm , " Jeni Exley , whose father , Herb Stevens , died of listeria-related complications . "  I think they 're good people but I think they made some bad choices in their farming practices and I think , in the big scheme of things , this is going to put light on the food safety issues we have here in the United States . " Seven surviving family members testified about what the outbreak did to their loved ones , according to KMGH . "  I do want jail time . I 'm very bitter , " said Penny Hauser , who lost her husband of 45 years , Michael Hauser . "  I think if they had gotten some jail time that would have made a big difference . You can say , ` Oh , it was n't your fault , it could have happened to anybody , ' but I bought it , I cut it up and I fed it to him and now I have to live with those consequences . And I do n't think Ryan and Eric Jensen understood the magnitude . " Michael Hauser died on February 21 , 2012 , on his 69th birthday . Thirty-three Americans died as a result of the 2011 outbreak after consuming the infected fruit , authorities said . More than 110 other Americans across 28 states were sickened , many hospitalized , from eating the cantaloupe . The 2011 listeriosis outbreak was the deadliest food outbreak in the United States in nearly 100 years , and the third-deadliest outbreak in U.S. history , according to health officials . It could have been prevented , according to numerous food safety experts and federal health officials . Investigators and health experts eventually descended on Jensen Farms , near the town of Holly , and determined that the outbreak occurred because the brothers who had inherited the fourth-generation farm had changed their packing procedures , substituted in some new equipment and removed an anti-microbial wash . The investigators said they found , among other things , a dripping , potentially contaminated condensation line allowing water to get onto the floor ; water was pooling on the floor ; sections of the floor had cut holes and jagged sides that were difficult to clean . Samples taken from the pooled water were positive for the listeria that sickened people . On the rolling line where the melons moved , investigators found dirty equipment used to wash and dry the melons , and it could not be easily cleaned . The FDA report stated that "  several areas on both the washing and drying equipment appeared to be uncleanable , and dirt and product buildup was visible on some areas of the equipment , even after it had been disassembled , cleaned , and sanitized . " What 's more , inspectors found that an older , secondhand washing machine designed for cleaning potatoes had been substituted to clean the melons . Food poisoning : What you need to know	Eric and Ryan Jensen pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counts of introducing adulterated food A 2011 listeriosis outbreak killed roughly three dozen people The brothers apologize in court to the victims ' families
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Wednesday that his decision to remove himself from the Justice Department investigation into a leak that led it to surreptitiously collect telephone records from the Associated Press leaves him unable to respond to questions about it . "  I do n't know what happened there with the intersection between the AP and the Justice Department , " Holder told the House Judiciary Committee . "  I was recused from the case . " The news agency revealed Monday that federal agents had secretly collected two months of telephone records for some of its reporters and editors . The AP said agents were apparently investigating the source of a story revealing that the CIA had thwarted an al Qaeda plot to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner in May 2012 , around the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden . AP blasts feds for phone records search Sources later told CNN that the operative who was supposed to have carried the bomb had been inserted into al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate by Saudi intelligence , and that the device had been handed over to U.S. analysts . Holder told the hearing that he had recused himself to avoid any potential conflict of interest in the case and had left the decision to subpoena the phone records to Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole , who authorized the subpoena . "  I recused myself because I thought it would be inappropriate and have a bad appearance to be a person who was a fact witness in the case to actually lead the investigation given the fact , unlike Mr. Cole , that I have a greater interaction with members of the press than he does , " Holder said . Asked what made him a fact witness , he said , "  I am a possessor of the information that was ultimately leaked . And the question then is who of those people who possessed that information , which was a relatively limited number of people within the Justice Department , who of those people , who of those possessors actually spoke in an inappropriate way to members of the Associated Press . " Asked who else had access to the information , Holder cited the ongoing nature of the investigation . "  I would not want to reveal what I know and I do n't know if there are other people who have been developed as possible recipients or possessors of that information during the course of this investigation , " he said . "  I do n't know . " Answers like those prompted some sharp criticism of Holder and his deputy from Wisconsin Republican Rep. James Sensenbrenner , a former Judiciary chairman . "  There does n't seem to be any acceptance of responsibility in the Justice Department for things that have gone wrong , " Sensenbrenner said . "  Now may I suggest that you and Mr. Cole and maybe a few other people go to the Truman Library and take a picture of the thing that he had on his desk that said ` The Buck Stops Here ? ' Because we do n't know where the buck stops , and I think to do adequate oversight , we better find out and we better find out how this mess happened . " And a Democrat , New York 's Hakeem Jeffries , said the subpoenas appeared to be "  overly broad in scope . " "  Hopefully that is something that the investigation that takes place will examine with close scrutiny , " he said . "  And second , that I think , as many of my colleagues have expressed , I 'm also troubled by the fact that the negotiation or consultation with the AP did not occur in advance of the decision to issue the subpoenas . " Holder said he recused himself because he had been questioned by FBI agents as part of the leak probe . He Tuesday that the leak , which he did not describe , had put Americans at risk and demanded "  very aggressive action . " But AP Executive Editor Kathleen Carroll said Tuesday that the records collected by the investigation cast a "  very broad net " and involved AP operations "  that have , as far as I know , no particular connection to the story that they  federal authorities  seem to be investigating . " "  We 've never seen anything along the size and scope of this particular investigation , " she told CNN 's Erin Burnett . In all , the AP says , federal agents collected records involving more than 20 phone lines -- including personal lines -- used by about 100 journalists in New York ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Washington . The Justice Department on Tuesday defended its decision to subpoena the records , saying the requests were limited and necessary . "  We are required to negotiate with the media organization in advance of issuing the subpoenas unless doing so would pose a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation , " Cole wrote in a letter to the AP . "  We take this policy , and the interests that it is intended to protect , very seriously and followed it in this matter . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said White House officials were not involved in the investigation and knew nothing about the AP inquiry . The Obama administration has launched several high-profile leak probes , leading to the prosecution of two government employees accused of revealing classified information . Thomas Drake , a former National Security Agency official , was sentenced to one year of probation and 240 hours of community service in 2011 , while former CIA officer John Kiriakou was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting to identifying a covert intelligence officer . In 2002 , Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley criticized the Justice Department for its subpoenas of John Solomon , an AP writer who had written about an investigation into then-Sen . Robert Torricelli , D-New Jersey . The subpoena also spurred a protest from the journalism association Investigative Reporters and Editors . Documentary filmmaker Robert Greenwald , whose movies have criticized the war in Iraq , Fox News and Walmart , called the administration 's pursuit of leakers "  an effort to silence and scare whistleblowers , and to get the press to be quiet and do what it wants them to do . " "  This is a systemic , continuing problem , " said Greenwald , whose latest film , "  War on Whistleblowers , " focuses on the issue . "  It 's not a one-off , and it 's not an accident , sadly . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Monday that the subpoenas were likely legal , but they go further than previous administrations in pursuing private information of journalists . "  I have never heard of a subpoena this broad , " Toobin said . CNN 's Tom Cohen reported from Washington . Michael Pearson reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Matt Smith , Jessica Yellin , Carol Cratty , Kevin Bohn , Greg Botelho , Joe Sterling and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  I do n't know what happened there , " Holder tells the Judiciary Committee AP : Some records collected in "  very broad net " unrelated to leak probe Justice Department defends records collection as necessary and limited Obama administration has launched several high-profile leak probes
OAKLEY , California  CNN  -- The black box sat inside a cabinet . Philip Garrido had given it to a friend for safekeeping , and that 's where the friend kept it . The black box has jacks for plugging in headphones . Philip Garrido claimed it could speak his thoughts . "  He feels he can speak to you and me and everyone else using this box , " said Garrido 's friend and former business client , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  He was a whack job , but he was a whack job who sounded like he had a really good heart , " the friend added . Garrido and his wife , Nancy , were arrested last month and charged on more than two dozen counts , including kidnapping and rape . Authorities say the Garridos held Jaycee Dugard , 29 , captive for nearly two decades in their backyard . Both have pleaded not guilty . Authorities have said Garrido , a registered sex offender , fathered Dugard 's two children . A few days before his arrest , Garrido delivered some documents touting the device to the FBI . The black box is simple , with a handle , a metal switch and jacks for plugging in headphones . But it provides some insight into the mind of 58-year-old Garrido . Garrido told his friend and customers of his printing business that the box allowed him to communicate without speaking . "  He would move his lips and not speak ... and you would be able to hear his voice through the headphones , " the friend said . Three years ago , Garrido demonstrated the box for clients of his printing business . The clients , some of them at least , went along with his claims for the device . "  I did n't want to tell him you 're a kook and you do n't know what you 're talking about , " said Tim Allen , who owns a glass shop in Antioch . Even so , Allen and several other former Garrido clients signed declarations saying the device worked . "  People believe in things . I did n't think it was my place to shoot him down , " Allen said . Garrido so believed in the power of his invention that he wanted to have the device patented , so he solicited the help of a private investigator last year . "  He was speaking normal , dressed normal , acting normal , " said Ralph Hernandez , who spent 30 years in law enforcement before becoming an independent private investigator . Hernandez said he agreed to help Garrido verify the testimonials that the product actually worked , but he never saw the box . Garrido told him it would be best if he did n't , the investigator said . Hernandez said he provided all the requested information to Garrido . "  This was like the last part before he would take whatever he had had to a lawyer to prepare for patenting , " Hernandez said . Documents obtained by CNN include a news release that Garrido produced : "  A Bay area man has made a major discovery concerning the phenomenon of voice , " the release says , accompanied by a photograph of Garrido . Read the news release Though it 's not known whether Garrido hired a patent attorney , there 's no record at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office of a patent application or a patent granted to him . But 48 hours before he was arrested , Garrido gave the device to his friend for safekeeping . "  I can only guess that he knew something bad was going to happen , " he said . Meanwhile , investigators will begin excavating part of the Garridos ' California property Monday afternoon after two sheriff 's dogs trained to find human remains alerted authorities of possible buried bones , officials said . The search is in the same area as a canine alert last week , said Lt. Chris Orrey of the Hayward , California , police department . Ground-penetrating radar also found an "  anomaly " in that area , Orrey said Monday . Investigators have already found bone fragments at the property in unincorporated Contra Costa County but have not said whether they are human .	Phillip Garrido told people box allowed him to communicate without speaking He would only move his lips , friend says , and you were supposed to hear his voice Garrido and his wife face felony counts in case of Jaycee Dugard , abducted in 1991 For more on this story , watch "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Monday at 10 p.m. ET
CNN  -- The bombs used in the Boston Marathon attack were built in the apartment that suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev shared with his wife and child , a U.S. law enforcement official with first-hand knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Thursday . The official was not authorized to release the information . Katherine Russell , Tsarnaev 's widow , has remained largely out of view inside her parents ' North Kingstown home since her husband 's death . It remains unclear what , if anything , Tamerlan 's widow might have known or suspected , the source added . According to her attorney , Amato DeLuca , the 24-year-old widow knew nothing of plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , initially planned to carry out a suicide-bomb attack on July 4 , a U.S. law enforcement official regularly briefed on the Boston bombing investigation told CNN . The source said Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators their bombs were ready earlier than they expected and they decided to move up the date . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators that the Boston Marathon was chosen as a target only a day or two before the event , the source said . It is unclear which specific event would have been targeted but one of the biggest July Fourth celebrations in the country is held in Boston . The annual Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular hosts 500,000 spectators , according to the event 's website . It is televised live nationally on CBS . The revelation comes the same day the body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev was claimed by his family and later was picked up by a funeral home , according to Terrel Harris , spokesman for the Massachusetts office of the chief medical examiner . Harris declined to say which funeral home picked it up . Tsarnaev 's cause of death will not be released until the death certificate is filed with the Boston city clerk , he said . The earliest that 's expected to happen is Friday morning , Harris said . His parents in Dagestan will not bring the bombing suspect 's body back to Russia and will not bury him until an "  independent " autopsy is conducted , family spokeswoman Kheda Saratova said Friday . His body will be interred "  somewhere in Boston , " she said . One item that may yield some clues into the bombings case is now in the hands of federal officials . The FBI has a laptop belonging to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , Tamerlan 's younger brother , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN . The computer was turned over to investigators by one of his friends accused of obstructing justice . A lawyer for Dias Kadyrbayev tells CNN that his client "  turned over the laptop to the FBI . " He did n't say when the laptop was turned over . A law enforcement source confirmed the attorney 's account . Three people died and more than 260 were wounded when two explosive devices fashioned from pressure cookers and other materials exploded in separate locations near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 . Four people have been charged in connection with the bombing , including Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who is accused of carrying out the attack along with his brother , Tamerlan , 26 . The older brother died April 19 after a firefight with police , hours after authorities released images of the suspected bombers . Azamat Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev were charged Wednesday with conspiring to discard potentially incriminating items from Dzhokhar 's dorm room , including empty fireworks containers , while Robel Phillipos was charged with making false statements to investigators . The Kazakhstan Foreign Ministry said Thursday it was offering consular services to Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov , who are citizens of that country and are in the United States on student visas . "  We would like to emphasize that our citizens did not receive charges of involvement in the organization of the Boston Marathon bombings . They were charged with destroying evidence , " the ministry said in a statement . Dzhokhar , who suffered gunshot wounds to the head , neck , legs and hands , is being held at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens , Massachusetts . He has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction and could face the death penalty if convicted . Authorities have said they believe the brothers acted alone , but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . Of particular interest has been Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's 2012 trip to the semi-autonomous Russian republic of Dagestan , home to numerous Islamic militant groups that have warred against Moscow 's rule . Russian authorities asked U.S. officials to investigate Tamerlan some months before the trip , saying they believed he was becoming increasingly involved with radical Islam . The FBI investigated , but found no evidence of extremist activity and closed the case . U.S. officials learned after the bombings that Russian officials had intercepted a 2011 phone call between the suspect 's mother , living in Dagestan , and one of her sons in which they reportedly had a vague conversation about jihad , a law enforcement official told CNN earlier . Some lawmakers , particularly Republicans , have been critical of how law enforcement officials , intelligence agencies and the administration of President Barack Obama handled the Russian tip . While Tamerlan Tsarnaev and his mother were added to a terror database following the FBI investigation , Tamerlan was allowed to make his Russian trip in 2012 and return six months later . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	NEW : The family will not bring Tamerlan 's body back to Russia , spokeswoman said Source : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev says plans changed days before bombing Body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been claimed by family Brothers considered a suicide attack on July 4 , source tells CNN
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and his wife , Catherine , arrived Thursday in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , where the Duchess of Cambridge gave her first public speech outside the UK . It is the royal couple 's second stop in their southeast Asian tour of Commonwealth nations to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II 's Diamond Jubilee . The duke and duchess ended their earlier visit in Singapore by paying their respects at the Kranji War Cemetery , a former site of a prisoner of war camp when the Japanese occupied Singapore during WWII . The war cemetery now holds the graves of nearly 4,500 Commonwealth casualties , including 850 that remain unidentified . They laid a wreath and also stopped at the Singapore Memorial , which honors the 24,000 casualties of Commonwealth land and air forces in southern Asia who have no known grave . Read more about their Singapore visit The couple then took a short flight to Kuala Lumpur , where they had lunch with Malaysian Prime Minister Dato ' Sri Mohd Najib Tun Abdul Razak at his official residence , the Seri Perdana . Afterwards , the couple visited Hospis Malaysia , a hospice for terminally ill children and adults . While there , the duchess -- the patron of East Anglia 's Children 's Hospices -- addressed patients and staff in her second ever public speech . "  This is a very special place and so much is already being achieved , " she said of the hospice , one of nearly two dozen palliative care community providers in the country . "  Providing children and their families with a place of support , care and enhancement at a time of great need is simply life changing , " she said . In March , she delivered her first official speech while opening a children 's hospice center in Ipswich , England . Read more about that maiden royal speech According to the Worldwide Palliative Care Alliance , 42 % of the countries worldwide lack palliative care services . To cap the couple 's first day in the country , they attended a dinner hosted by Malaysia 's king , with the queen and Sultan of Kedah , at the royal residence , the Istana Negara , with about 400 guests , according to St. James 's Palace in the UK . On Friday morning , they were scheduled to meet the public at a free event at KLCC Park in the city center . The royal couple will be in Malaysia until Sunday before heading to the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu . CNN 's Liz Neisloss contributed to this report .	Duke , Duchess of Cambridge pay respects at Singapore 's war cemetery They then arrive in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ; PM hosts couple for lunch Malaysia 's king , with queen and Sultan of Kedah , host couple for dinner They are in Malaysia as part of tour to celebrate Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee
In 2012 the American people sent a message . They elected more women than ever to Congress , shattering glass ceilings across the nation and making it clear that this is a country that is ready for women 's leadership . It 's happening because voters know female leaders have the right priorities . They 've fought for policies like the Violence Against Women Act and equal pay for equal work . Female leaders are the reason we have laws that ended gender discrimination in education . But even though we know women 's leadership has helped create so much progress , there is still a "  men only " sign on the door to the Oval Office . Across the country , Americans know it 's time to change that . It 's time to capitalize on the demand for women 's leadership , harness the energy and ignite a movement that will put a woman in the White House . 2016 poll : If Clinton does n't run , then who ? Today , EMILY 's List is launching a campaign to make that a reality . Our community of 2 million women and men across the country has worked to elect women to offices up and down the ballot . In my personal journey , I know how difficult it is to put women in leadership roles . The first campaign I managed was my own . I ran many times and lost many times when I ran for class president in my high school . In my junior year , I decided that I should run for student body president , because it was n't just my class voting but the entire school . I put together a campaign plan that targeted only the freshmen and sophomore votes . I even got the younger sister of my opponent to join my campaign . I won . In the process , I learned my first campaign lesson : Never underestimate the power of women . There 's a sister , and there 's sisterhood . Now , I get to see that sisterhood at work every day . In the past 28 years EMILY 's List has become the nation 's largest resource for women in politics , and in that time we 've done extensive research on women 's leadership and women 's priorities . Our most recent polling , conducted on likely 2016 voters in battleground states , proves without a doubt that the American people are ready for a female chief executive . Ninety percent of the people we polled say they would vote for a woman for president and 75 % say a female president would be a good thing for the country . Of those surveyed , more thought a female president than a male president would be likely to put families ahead of politics and end partisan bickering . That 's something we 've known about women since we started helping them run for office in the 1980s . Kissinger gives a bit of a wink to idea of Clinton in 2016 These female leaders have fought -- and fought hard -- to take a place at the table and make laws that improve the lives of American women and families . The results are undeniable . Because of this we know , our community knows , and countless Americans across the country know , that now is the time for a woman to be at the head of the table . So who will it be ? There 's one name on all our minds : Hillary Clinton . Voters across the country are excited about her possible run . But if she decides not to run , we still have a deep bench of incredible female leaders to choose from . From Cabinet secretaries and senators to the many female governors we 'll have after 2014 ; there are numerous women who are ready to take on the challenge of leading our nation . Long after we 've elected the first female president , we 're going to keep electing even more American women , building a pipeline of state legislators and members of Congress , mayors and governors and senators , who will work their way up the ranks and be the second and 10th female presidents . We are standing on the edge of history . We are standing on the shoulders of the senators and suffragettes , civil rights activists and founding mothers , who have been the backbone of this great country . It 's time for us to take the next step and make electing a female president part of our national story . When a woman runs for president , she will hear this one thing loud and clear from millions of women and men : We stand with you -- and we believe you can win . America is ready to elect its first Madam President .	Stephanie Schriock : In 2012 , voters elected more women to Congress than ever before Schriock : Despite progress , there is still a "  men only " sign on the door to the Oval Office She says EMILY 's List is launching a campaign to put a woman in the White House Schriock : If Hillary Clinton decides not to run , we still many women leaders to choose from
Catania , Italy  CNN  The boat that sank in the Mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a U.N. official said . Carlotta Asami , a spokeswoman for the United Nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to CNN early Tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in Catania , Italy . "  They say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that , you know , a big ship creating a big wave -- they were approaching in a very strong manner and they lost balance , " Asami said . The account she offered differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday . They said that as the cargo ship King Jacob approached late Saturday , migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize . Mark Clark -- a communications executive representing OSM Maritime Group , the company that manages the King Jacob -- denied that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize . He said he also believed that people on the migrant boat rushed to one side , causing many to fall off . The cargo ship was going very slowly as it approached , hardly making any waves , Clark told CNN . It deployed rescue boats , a gangway , nets and life rings , he said . The conflicting accounts of the chaotic events highlight the challenges faced by commercial vessels that are often called upon to help in the escalating migrant boat crisis in the Mediterranean . Asami said the survivors whom she and her colleagues spoke to were "  consistent " in what they were saying . She said their accounts made it "  credible to think " that between 800 and 850 people were on board the boat that capsized roughly 110 kilometers  70 miles  north of Libya . Previous estimates had put the number of people aboard anywhere between 700 and 950 . Italian authorities , who have been coordinating the rescue effort , say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered . The King Jacob , whose crew members are all from the Philippines , saved 22 of the survivors , according to Clark . The cause of the shipwreck is part of Italian authorities ' investigation , said Giovanni Salvi , Catania 's public prosecutor . Investigators want to study the King Jacob 's voyage data recorder and find the wreck of the sunken boat , he told a news conference Monday . The likely toll makes the sinking the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa . Many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the sunken boat . Asami said the survivors told her and her colleagues that they were all on the highest part of the overcrowded boat , while many people were down in the lowest area . Italian authorities said Sunday that an unidentified Bangladeshi survivor had told them that the smugglers had locked many people inside the lower levels of the vessel . Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily on Monday , according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico . They were the boat 's Tunisian captain and a Syrian crew member , said Salvi , the Catania prosecutor . Italian police identified the two suspects through questioning survivors aboard the coast guard vessel that brought them to Catania , Salvi said , according to Italian media . The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters in the Mediterranean to which European governments are struggling to respond . Vast numbers of people fleeing violence and poverty have been setting out on the risky journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years , but authorities have reported a sharp increase this month in the numbers in need of rescue . The number of deaths has also skyrocketed . The International Organization for Migration said Monday that more than 1,100 people were estimated to have drowned in the waters between Libya and Italy just in the past week . It reported Monday that three other migrant boats could be in distress in international waters . Shipping companies recently warned that European governments are putting what they say is an unfair burden on their vessels to come to the aid of migrant boats in trouble . "  We believe it is unacceptable that the international community is increasingly relying on merchant ships and seafarers to undertake more and more large-scale rescues , with single ships having to rescue as many 500 people at a time , " the European Community Shipowners Associations said in a letter to EU leaders last month . "  Commercial ships are not equipped to undertake such large-scale rescues , which also create serious risks to the safety , health and welfare of ships ' crews who should not be expected to deal which such situations , " the letter said . Commercial ships rescued more than 40,000 people in the Mediterranean last year , according to the International Organization for Migration . That 's higher than the more than 35,000 people saved by the Italian Coast Guard but lower than the 80,000 rescued by the Italian Navy , which was running a special program , Mare Nostrum , for most of the year . European Union ministers met Monday in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis . "  We are not yet working on numbers , but what we have agreed on today is , for sure , the need to increase significantly the resources at sea , and the level of the operation , doing more search and rescue and doing it more together , " said Federica Mogherini , the EU high representative for foreign affairs and security police . Mogherini told CNN that the European Union must fight human traffickers , strengthen Europeans ' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees . "  We need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people , so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions , " Mogherini said . "  My pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died . " But some groups said European officials were offering too little too late . "  What we needed from EU foreign ministers today was life-saving action , but they dithered , " said Justin Forsyth , the chief executive of Save The Children . "  With each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and Europe slips further into an immoral abyss , " Forsyth said in a statement . "  Right now , people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Catania , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Hada Messia , Isa Soares and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Shipping company representative denies cargo ship caused the capsizing UNHCR spokeswoman tells CNN that a cargo ship may have touched the migrant boat Italian authorities have arrested two survivors on suspicion of human trafficking
CNN  At least 19 people died Sunday when soccer fans clashed with police outside a stadium in Cairo , the health ministry said . Egypt 's government-controlled Al-Ahram newspaper website reported that at least 30 people were killed . The violence took place ahead of a scheduled match between Zamalek and ENPPI . The match went ahead . The Interior Ministry blamed the violence on fans who did n't have tickets and tried to push their way in . "  They climbed the fence . Ten were injured in a stampede . The security forces tried to disperse them , the fans fled to the main road and blocked traffic and stopped the bus carrying the Zamalek soccer team . They set fire to a police vehicle . We got reports of fatalities because of a stampede , " that ministry said in a statement . But the Facebook page of the Ultras White Knights , a hardcore Zamalek group , said that members were tear gassed as they tried to go through a single , small-gated entrance that was opened to allow them into the match . Egypt 's general prosecutor is sending a team to investigate . In the wake of the violence , the country 's Cabinet indefinitely suspended the country 's Premier League soccer matches , Al-Ahram reported . Victims from Sunday 's clashes were taken a morgue in central Cairo , where family members and friends waited for the bodies . Some fans from a rival club showed up at the morgue as a show of solidarity with those killed . Sunday 's violence is the deadliest soccer-related violence in Egypt since a 2012 stampede left more than 70 people dead and 1,000 injured at a match in the city of Port Said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Samira Said contributed to this report .	The cabinet indefinitely suspends the country 's Premier League soccer matches Egypt 's general prosecutor is sending a team to investigate The violence is the deadliest soccer-related violence in Egypt since a 2012 stampede
CNN  -- Samuel Sanchez finally won his first stage at the Tour de France on Thursday , but the title hopes of his fellow Spanish cyclist Alberto Contador suffered a surprise blow as the race headed into the mountains . Sanchez was fourth in the sport 's biggest event last year , but found himself more than five minutes behind leader Thomas Voeckler going into the 12th leg from Cugnaux to Luz Ardiden . However , the 2008 Olympic road race champion sped clear of the bunch of escaped riders going into the final ascent along with Jelle Vanendert , and the 33-year-old held off the Belgian for a memorable victory by seven seconds in the Pyrenees . It came almost 10 years after his Basque-based Euskaltel team 's first stage win at Le Tour , also at Luz Ardiden . Cavendish sprints to third win of 2011 Tour de France "  I knew it was an important day , and I had to try something because I was late to my position in the general classification meant that I was not a dangerous rival for some of the GC riders , " Sanchez told the race website . "  I had my chance and I decided to go . I was also aware that Andy Schleck had lost a lot of teammates and so did Alberto Contador , so they were not able to reel in our escape . " Sanchez came in 50 seconds ahead of Voeckler , who retained the yellow jersey after placing ninth . Defending Contador , seeking a fourth title , was eighth as he lost time on his main rivals to be four minutes adrift overall with nine stages left . "  I had a really sore knee , it was bothering me so I 'm happy with the result even if I did concede a few seconds . I could n't do any better , " he said . "  I 've been feeling the effects of those crashes in the first week , my pedal stroke has n't been great . But I 'm sure things are going to improve . The engine is taking some time to warm up but I think everyone is feeling tired and I hope that will play to my advantage . " Voeckler kept his lead of one minute and 49 seconds , though Luxembourg 's Frank Schleck moved up to second place as he finished third -- 10 seconds behind Sanchez . Two-time runner-up Cadel Evans of Australia was 30 seconds behind the winner in fifth to be third overall , 2:06 behind Voeckler . Andy Schleck , who lost out to Contador last year after a controversial chain-break incident , was left 2:17 adrift after finishing sixth in the same time as Evans and Italy 's Ivan Basso , who was fifth overall with a deficit of 3:16 . Voeckler was happy after keeping pace with the stage leaders until 1,800 meters from the end . "  I was a little bit afraid when I crashed at the top of the first climb . I 'm normally not so bad in the downhill but I was very scared this time . The road was very slippery and I decided to change my bike and that helped , " said the Frenchman , who has held the maillot jaune since finishing second in stage nine . "  On the final climb , I was still in the race along with the best climbers . I told myself , ` Keep going ! Keep going ! ' And Pierre Rolland gave me a great hand in the final -- he really helped me . My legs felt good but it was the great job done by the Europcar team that really helped me today . " Thursday 's stage winner Mark Cavendish was more than half an hour off the pace in 153rd , but retained the sprinters ' green jersey as he extended his lead to 18 points from Spain 's Jose Joaquin Rojas . Sanchez won the climbers ' polka-dot jersey for King of the Mountains , while the Schlecks ' Leopard-Trek lead the teams . Friday 's 13th stage is a 152.5-kilometer route from Pau to Lourdes , featuring a steep climb up the 1,709-meter Col d'Aubisque .	Three-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador now four minutes off leader 's time Defending champion finishes ninth in Thursday 's 12th stage of cycling showpiece Fellow Spaniard Samuel Sanchez wins the first stage of his career to be 4:11 off pace France 's Thomas Voeckler retains the leader 's yellow jersey after finishing ninth
CNN  -- Faultless service , delicious eateries , see-and-be-seen nightlife venues and fabulous decor are traditionally the key ingredients to creating the kind of hotels that attract the international jet set . But these days , a competitive , wildly diluted hospitality landscape requires hoteliers to come up with more unique ways to engage travelers . A spate of properties are rising to the occasion with eye-catching arts programing -- from extensive collaborations with arts organizations to interior design that relies as much on paintings and sculptures as it does on furniture to set a scene . Take the James Royal Palm in Miami . This months-old beachside haven has already gained quite the following for its stunning private rooms and Florida Cookery , the bustling on-site restaurant . But with its Cultural Collection initiative , the hotel has partnered with several local and national creative outfits that will stage site-specific projects exclusive to the property . New York City-based fashion label Public School , for example , designed the staff 's uniforms , and Miami 's Museum of Contemporary Art worked with the hotel and artist Jorge Pantoja to craft a five-piece collection of paintings displayed in the lobby . And across the Atlantic , the recently opened Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht is now home to what it says is the largest in-hotel video art collection in the world , transforming the property into more than just a hotel -- it 's an art gallery now , too . So if you 'd like a little culture right on your doorstep , check out these hotels with an artful approach to hospitality : The James Royal Palm , Miami In addition to the hotel 's joint efforts with some of the country 's leading arts and culture groups , The James Royal Palm in South Beach also provides a great-looking backdrop for renowned interior designer Lauren Rottet 's exquisite taste in art . Titled An Ocean Apart , the collection 's paintings  including the aforementioned works by Jorge Pantoja  , digital pieces and sculptures were all hand-picked by Rottet herself . Some are from well-known names such as Alex Prager and Gavin Perry , while others are works by recent art-school grads and future industry luminaries -- like 2012 University of Florida alumnus Chad Cunha -- and can be found and admired all over the property . Six new spots for architecture lovers Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht In Dutch design maestro Marcel Wanders , this canal-side property has a national treasure working on its decor and visuals , which would have been enough to garner it well-deserved attention . But walls animated with video creations from art-world celebrities like Yael Bartana , Martha Colburn and Cristina Lucas have made the hotel even more popular among Amsterdam 's creative community . Four Seasons Hotel Ritz Lisbon Since it opened back in 1959 , the Four Seasons ' sole outpost on the Iberian Peninsula has been dedicated to supporting local artists and using their works to add Portuguese flair to the hotel 's overall design . Now , the property owns no fewer than 500 pieces -- a massive collection on view throughout , from paintings of traditional countryscapes in the lobby to the bronze sculptures of seahorses that decorate the restaurant . To make sense of it all , a digital application is due out this fall to show guests where they can find each piece , who made it and what it 's all about Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris Raffles ' City of Light outpost has a lot going for it , from the Philippe Starck-designed interiors to a ca n't - be-beaten address steps away from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees . Art aficionados will appreciate the on-site bookshop that stocks a wide range of coffee table volumes and catalogs both rare and mainstream , as well as the paintings , photography and installations that show up all over the hotel from international artists like Portuguese sculptor Joana Vasconcelos and English artist Stephen Smith . If you 're in town to experience art away from the hotel , Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris has its very own art concierge who creates a weekly list of art-related events happening all over Paris , from small gallery exhibitions to private consultations with local dealers . 7 ways to celebrate Florida 's 500th Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong Hong Kong will be the third destination to play host to Art Basel  after Miami and the title city of Basel  , and the Mandarin Oriental there is geared to be the official hotel for the event when it kicks off in May . And why not ? Works by aspiring stars of the local arts community can be found on its walls , including those of the Clipper Lounge , a chic watering hole that serves as a launch pad for Hong Kong 's hopefuls . Last year , 28-year-old Tang Kwok Hin exhibited his work there , and this year , his creations will make an appearance in Art Basel in a group show called Discoveries . Faena Hotel Buenos Aires The Faena Group has created an important art district in Buenos Aires in a revitalized dock area . The Faena Hotel , housed in a converted grain barn , is blocks away from the Faena Arts Center , which opened in 2011 in a former flour mill . Rotating exhibits at the center feature contemporary art from all over the world . The general admission fee of $ 20 is waived for hotel guests . Faena has also started a residency program , where an artist gets to shack up at one of the hotel 's stylish rooms and work on his or her craft . In November , it was Franz Ackermann -- known for his colorfully bombastic yet abstract creations . Faena also awards a Prize for the Arts . The 2012 winner was Argentine artist Franco DarÃo Vico , whose work will be exhibited at the center in July . 21c Museum Hotel , Bentonville , Arkansas While the rest of the hotels featured on this list hail from some of the biggest cities on the globe , 21c makes the cut for its third outpost , a 2-month-old operation tucked away in Bentonville , Arkansas . 21c has made headlines for delivering properties that nurture the contemporary arts scene in Louisville and Cincinnati . The Bentonville offshoot is equipped with 12,000 square feet of exhibition and event space that will see a rotation of solo and group shows . Eight site-specific installations  from sculpture to wallpaper  from emerging artists like Alexandre Arrechea and Rob Wynne are currently on display .	Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht features an impressive collection of video art A Lisbon hotel will release a digital arts app to show guests where they can find each piece 21c in Bentonville , Arkansas , is a boutique hotel and contemporary art museum
CNN  -- Chief Warrant Officer Christopher Royal survived the 2009 massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , with two bullet wounds to his back . The slugs left him with nerve damage that numbs his left arm and leg and sends streaking pains "  shooting up and down my back . " And it 's left invisible scars as well -- post-traumatic stress that has hurt his ability to perform his duties as a computer specialist and left him unable to feel safe in his own country . "  I really feel more comfortable downrange . I really do , " said Royal , who served in Iraq four times and in Afghanistan once . "  I think I would be more comfortable living in Iraq right now than living in the United States . " At 41 , he 's preparing to leave the Army at the end of September . But first , he 's going to testify against the man accused of opening fire on his fellow soldiers at Fort Hood , troops who were preparing to ship out to Afghanistan and Iraq . Prosecutors will start presenting their case against Maj. Nidal Hasan on Tuesday in a court-martial at Fort Hood , outside Killeen , Texas . Royal , who escaped the gunfire only to go back into the processing center in an attempt to tackle Hasan , will be one of the witnesses against him . "  I had escaped without being wounded , " Royal said . "  I got about fifty meters  yards  in the parking lot , and then I said , ' I ca n't let him get away with this . ' And I was n't even thinking that I did n't have a weapon . I just knew that I could n't let him get away . " Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , is charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of attempted murder . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombing and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . A military judge ruled last week that the prosecution can introduce evidence of Hasan 's Internet searches on jihad and the Taliban in the days and hours before the rampage , but has deferred a ruling on whether they can introduce other materials . Hasan will represent himself in his court-martial . He told the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , that he plans to call two witnesses during the proceedings . The case has been delayed repeatedly since it was initially set to begin in March 2012 , most notably after an appeals court delayed the case over the question of whether the beard Hasan has grown while in custody could be forcibly shaved . Meanwhile , Royal copes with his pain and stress by taking near-scalding baths and running , including a roughly 70-mile jaunt from Fort Hood to Austin . But he says he ca n't deal with crowds any more -- not even on the post . "  I do n't even really go to the mall anymore , " he said . "  I ca n't take my child to Disneyland , because I ca n't deal with it . " As for Hasan , he said , "  I have forgiven him . " "  I ca n't hold that grudge , " Royal said . "  It 's just too much . I wo n't allow him to consume any more energy for my life than he has already done , and so I have released him . "  I have forgiven him completely , " he said . "  It 's not up to me to punish him . His punishment will come . "	Testimony in accused Fort Hood killer Nidal Hasan 's court-martial starts Tuesday Shooting survivor says he 's forgiven the suspect , but "  his punishment will come " Christopher Royal suffers from nerve pain and post-traumatic stress after being shot twice "  I do n't even really go to the mall anymore , " he says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Doctors gave Anna Nicole Smith a long list of dangerous drugs over the three years before her death , including while she was pregnant , according to sworn statements by investigators from state agencies . Dosages prescribed to Anna Nicole Smith were "  dangerously high , " a drug expert says in an affidavit . Two doctors charged in connection with Smith 's death allegedly also crossed professional lines by having personal relationships with their patient , the court documents released Tuesday said . Smith died in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , of what was later ruled to be "  acute combined drug intoxication . " One affidavit quoted a pharmacist who refused to fill a prescription written for Smith as saying he warned one doctor he would not give her the drug "  unless you want your picture on the front page of the National Enquirer . " One investigator described the former Playboy model and reality show TV star as a "  drug seeker . " Her boyfriend , Howard K. Stern , and two doctors -- Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor -- were charged with several felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 . All three defendants entered not-guilty pleas in May . A preliminary hearing is set for next month in the case . Smith , whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall , "  was given drugs in excessive amounts , " according to a medical expert consulted and quoted by a state medical board investigator . Dr. Jill Klessig also told an investigator that "  in addition to the prescribing issues , there appears to have been a personal relationship " between Smith and the two doctors that crossed the boundaries of professionalism . The affidavit references a video clip of Kapoor "  kissing and snuggling " with Smith "  in a reclined position in a nightclub setting . " Eroshevich traveled to the Bahamas to visit Smith and was with her for four days in Hollywood , Florida , four days before her death , an investigator said in an affidavit . The doctor personally visited a Burbank , California , pharmacy in September 2006 to get a sleep aid -- chloral hydrate -- for Smith to use in the Bahamas . It was just four days after Smith gave birth to a daughter in Nassau . "  I would n't give her chloral hydrate unless you want your picture on the front page of the National Enquirer , " pharmacist Steve Mazlin told Eroshevich , according to the affidavit . The affidavit from Jon Genens , a senior investigator with the California medical board , detailed dozens of prescriptions written for Smith -- under several aliases -- for a long list of narcotics and sleep aids . Genens said even during the time she was pregnant -- starting in January 2006 -- Kapoor prescribed an average of 10 tablets of Methadone per day for Smith . He noted that Kapoor lowered the dosage in the last three months of her pregnancy . The volume of dangerous drugs being ordered by doctors spurred the chief pharmacist at the store where most of the prescriptions were filled to call a drug expert for advice in late 2006 , according to a sworn statement by California Department of Justice Special Agent Jennifer Doss . Dr. Greg Thompson told Doss he recalled the dosages were "  dangerously high . " "  Dr. Thompson stated they might work for a drug addict under supervised care , or with a dying cancer patient in a hospital , or ` if you were going to kill someone , ' " Doss said . Thompson told Doss he later "  admonished Dr. Eroshevich " about the drugs she was requesting for Smith . "  Dr. Thompson stated Dr. Eroshevich was obviously not familiar with a lot of medications she was prescribing for ... Smith , " Doss said in her affidavit . The Doss affidavit said the doctor used Smith 's boyfriend as a cover to get the prescriptions filled . "  Of the 12 medications found in Anna Nicole Smith 's hotel room at the time of her death , seven medications were prescribed the name of Howard K. Stearn -LSB- believed to be Howard K. Stern -RSB- by Dr. Eroshevich , " Agent Doss said . The drugs were apparently personally delivered to Smith in the Bahamas and Florida by her doctor , Doss said . "  It is reasonable to believe that Dr. Eroshevich provided Anna Nicole Smith prescription medications and controlled substances by transporting them from California to Nassau , Bahamas with her on her travels to visit Anna Nicole Smith , " Doss said .	NEW : Doctors ' relationships with Smith crossed professional lines , affidavits say Investigator says Anna Nicole Smith was "  drug seeker , " court documents say Former Playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 Pharmacist refused to fill one prescription , warned doctor , affidavit says
EW.com  -- Spiraling into oblivion really helps you see things from a different perspective . At Sunday night 's premiere of "  Gravity , " Sandra Bullock said she felt she did n't deserve the Oscar when she won it for "  The Blind Side " three years ago -- and now her performance as an astronaut stranded in orbit when space debris demolishes her shuttle could win her another one . The survival drama , out Oct. 4 , got an intense reaction as the Toronto International Film Festival 's opening weekend drew to a close , with many marveling at both the technical and emotional achievements of director Alfonso Cuarón  "  Children of Men , " "  Harry Potter " and the "  Prisoner of Azkaban . " Expect "  Gravity " to be a major player at the Academy Awards this year in all the top categories . It should easily win in the visual effects category , and will be a heavy-duty competitor in the others . Bullock is also a near certain Best Actress nominee , although she said her 2010 win still has n't sunk in . "  I think most people have that out-of-body experience when they win the Oscar . I had a little newborn at home , so my body was already out of itself , " Bullock said in response to a question about awards season during the post-screening Q&A with festival-goers . "  I still have n't gotten around to having my moment with it yet . Maybe one day it will come . " She 'll face formidable opponents in the race . Cate Blanchett in Blue Jasmine , Kate Winslet in "  Labor Day , " and Emma Thompson from "  Saving Mr. Banks " are among the potential nominees generating voter buzz . Bullock said awards talk is just part of the fun of festivals , and tried to put the coveted prize in a more grounded context . "  What it does do is make you realize how hard you have to work to earn it , " she said . "  I did n't feel worthy of it when I got it . So I thought , okay , I 'm going to spend the rest of my life hopefully earning it -- but having a really good time in the process , as well . " Except the making "  Gravity " was ... anything but fun . Since the film is set in orbit , she was often strung up on wires , or locked in a device that spun her wildly in different directions while multiple cameras shot close ups of her face . That footage was later woven into photo-real animation of her and George Clooney in jeopardy , floating far above the Earth . "  It was painful , I remember . Not for me -- but for you , " Cuarón said . Bullock did n't hesitate to agree . "  Jess , " she said , imitating his accent as she explained to the crowd : "  That 's ` yes . ' " Whenever she got frustrated , she would mock his Spanish accent , Cuarón said . "  It was frustrating , it was painful , and it was isolating . But how lucky am I that I got to have all those frustrations , you know , built in ? " Bullock told the crowd . "  That 's something people who are in the position these characters are in -LSB- would be -RSB- experiencing a thousand-fold . " That did n't mean she let Cuarón or David Heyman  producer of the "  Harry Potter " films  escape a little of the agony . "  After a while you just used it . And you wanted to kill David and Alfonso regularly , and I used that as well , " she joked . "  Just all your hate , and anger , and rage -- you just give forth in your work , and hope it translates on the screen . " Clooney did n't attend the screening  he 's on the other side of Canada shooting director Brad Bird 's "  Tomorrowland " in Vancouver .  But most of the movie is focused on Bullock 's character anyway , with Clooney in a supporting turn as the captain of the space shuttle . Turning serious , Bullock said there was one part of the role that was particularly special to her . "  It was an amazing experience to do as an actor , but I think more importantly as a woman , " she said , thanking Cuaron , who wrote the script with his son , Jonás . "  It could have very easily -LSB- become -RSB- the role of a man . See the original story here at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bullock said she did n't deserve the Oscar for "  The Blind Side Toronto International Film Festival buzzing over her in "  Gravity " Filming the role of an astronaut set adrift was difficult
Seoul  CNN  -- South Korea admitted Thursday that it held a secret meeting with the North last month . The meeting was to persuade North Korea to apologize for the sinking of a South Korean warship Cheonan 15 months ago and the shelling of Yeongpyong Island last November , Unification minister Hyun in-Taek told parliament . Fifty South Koreans were killed in those attacks . However , North Korean officials said South Korea had asked for a series of summits at the May 9 secret meeting . However , the North Korean National Defence Commission said South Korea had asked for a series of summits at the May 9 secret meeting . North Korean state media quoted the commission saying South Korea wanted to have ministerial-level talks in late May . It also wanted to hold the first round of summit talks in June at Panmunjom , a truce village on the border where meetings between north and south take place , and a second round of talks during the nuclear security summit in Berlin in March next year , KCNA reported . Pyongyang says it declined as the South had asked it to apologize for last year 's attacks . Pyongyang denies responsibility for the sinking of the warship . The NDC also claimed South Korean officials had begged for a summit and offered bribes . In a statement , the South Korean unification ministry expressed regret at the North 's revelation , saying "  It is not worthy to respond to unilateral claims that distort our true intentions . " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a news briefing Wednesday that he did not see it as a ratcheting up of tensions , but "  we 've been consistent in saying North Korea needs to improve North-South relations before we move forward , ceasing provocative actions . " Journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report .	The two met last month , South Korea says The meeting was to persuade Pyongyang to apologize , South Korean official says However , North Korean officials say South Korea had asked for a series of summits
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Staten Island Ferry lost power and hit a pier Wednesday at full speed , resulting in one serious injury and nine minor injuries , a Coast Guard spokesman said . The New York Fire Department estimates that 750 to 800 passengers were aboard the Staten Island Ferry . Coast Guard boats were on the scene , the St. George Terminal on the north shore of Staten Island . The Coast Guard spokesman compared the ferry 's loss of power as it neared the pier to a car losing its brakes . The hard landing occurred at 7:10 p.m. , according to the Coast Guard . The New York Fire Department estimated that 750 to 800 passengers were aboard . The impact did not send any passengers overboard , the spokesman said . Emergency responders were transferring the injured to Staten Island 's Richmond University Medical Center . Representatives for the Staten Island Ferry did not respond to calls for comment .	Ferry loses power and hits a pier at full speed , Coast Guard says 1 person injured seriously , 9 others hurt Accident happens at St. George Terminal on north shore of Staten Island Impact did not send any passengers overboard , spokesman says
OPRAH.com  -- Chris Rock is an Emmy-winning comedian , devoted husband and loving father -- but it 's time to get to know a new side of this funnyman . Meet Chris Rock , hair expert . It 's a detour he took after an innocent carpool ride left Rock with an idea he just could n't shake . "  I was with my daughter one day , and we 're in the car and she 's with one of her friends in the back seat , a little white friend , " he says . "  She was just kind of raving about her friend 's hair a little too much for my comfort -LSB- saying -RSB- : ` You 've got great hair . Oh , your hair 's so good . ' " Not wanting to make her comments a big deal , Rock says he tried to play his them off . " -LSB- I said -RSB- : "  Oh , baby , your hair 's beautiful . Come on , ' " he says . "  If I would have really reacted , then she would have a complex about her hair . " Still , Rock could n't let it go . "  It sparked something in me , " he says . Oprah.com : Oprah 's hair throughout the years ! What Rock discovered is a $ 9 billion industry that affects the daily activities , wallets , self-esteem -- and even the sex lives -- of black women . Because women spend so much time and money on their hair , Rock says men are forced to adopt a hands-off policy . "  You can not touch a black woman 's hair . You are conditioned not to even go there , " he says . "  When I was a dating guy , I dated women from different races . Anytime I was with an Asian or a Puerto Rican girl or a white girl , my hands would constantly be in their hair . Like my hands were thirsty . " One of the first lessons Rock learned on this journey was that women do their hair for one another . "  They say it 's for the men , but it 's really for the women . Because guys do n't care , " he says . "  There 's no point in the history of the world where men were not sleeping with the women in front of them . We take what we can get . " Actress Nia Long , who Rock interviews in the film , agrees . "  There 's always this sort of pressure within the black community like , if you have good hair , you 're prettier or better than the brown-skinned girl that wears the Afro or the dreads or the natural hairstyle , " she says . Oprah.com : Oprah 's stylist reveals his hair secrets Rock found the biggest moneymaker in the hair business to be weaves . Black women can spend six to eight hours getting their hair braided into tiny sections . Stylists then delicately attach tracks of hair -- which can be simple extensions or full wigs -- to the braids . "  If you 've got a weave , your scalp 's like a beat up highway , " Rock jokes . Women who wear weaves stop by the salon for regular washes , conditioning and tightening , but the real expense lies with the hair itself . Rock says he was shocked to learn that regular women spend thousands of dollars on weaves -- and even put them on layaway . "  Janet Jackson spends $ 5,000 to go to the Grammys on her hair . I did n't know Kiki was spending $ 5,000 to go to AT&T and answer the phone , " he says . "  That was disturbing . " Rock discovered the hottest hair on the market is found in India , where human hair is the number two export behind software . "  This is some of the worst poverty in the world , " he says . "  I do n't think -LSB- people -RSB- know they 're walking around with $ 1,000 on their head . " While in India , Rock witnessed a tonsuring ceremony at the Venkateswara Temple . Every year , more than 10 million people cut their hair off as an offering to the Hindu gods . "  In India , hair is considered a vanity , and removing hair is considered an act of self-sacrifice , " he says . "  These people have no idea where their hair is going or how much it 's worth . The money made at this temple is second only to the Vatican . The hair collected here is auctioned off to exporters who distribute it around the planet . " Another staple of the industry is relaxers -- also called "  creamy crack " by some . While women of other races use perms to add curl , black women use them to straighten their hair . "  You name a black woman , any black woman , " Rock says . "  They 've either had their hair relaxed , or they 're having their hair relaxed right now . " The active ingredient in relaxer is a substance called sodium hydroxide . The chemical is so strong it can burn a woman 's hair off -- which is why Rock is urging parents to stop the relaxing addiction now . "  This kiddie perm has to stop , okay ? They should n't have to worry about that till they 're in their teens , " he says . "  Putting those chemicals in that child 's hair is just not cool . " Rock says he tells his own daughters they 're beautiful every moment he can -- and has only one answer when it comes to questions of having good hair . "  Whatever makes you happy is good hair , " he says . "  Do your hair for you , and you will be happy . " Oprah.com : Find the right look for you -- risk free ! From The Oprah Winfrey Show " © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Chris Rock investigated the black hair industry after daughter admired white hair Says black hair care industry pulls in some $ 9 million a year Biggest moneymaker is hair weaves -- up to $ 5,000 , says Rock He says hair straightening chemicals are too harsh for young children
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A top Taliban political leader delivered a message Friday to President Obama , calling his attempt to lure away Taliban fighters with money "  an old weapon that has failed already . " "  The Mujahedeen of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan are not mercenaries and employed gunmen like the armed men of the invaders and their surrogates , " Mullah Brader Akhund said in the statement . "  This war will come to an end when all invaders leave our country and an Islamic government based on the aspirations of our people is formed in the country . " Akhund is the deputy emir of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , which is the political arm of the Taliban . He was referring to the Taliban reintegration provision , part of the $ 680 billion defense appropriation bill that Obama signed Wednesday to pay for military operations in the 2010 fiscal year . The provision would separate local Taliban from their leaders , paying the fighters to quit the organization , replicating a program used to neutralize the insurgency against Americans in Iraq , according to the Sen. Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . Akhund said 19th century British invaders and Soviet fighters in the 1980s tried the same tactic , unsuccessfully . He said the Taliban consider the U.S. measure "  a sign of weakness and complete despondency of the enemy . " Obama is considering whether to approve the request from his top commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , for as many as 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan . The decision is being weighed against the backdrop of suddenly spiraling U.S. military fatalities . Fifty-six American troops have died in Afghanistan in October , the highest U.S. monthly toll since the war began eight years ago . Obama meets Friday with the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who will tell the U.S. leader how a large deployment to Afghanistan would affect the military . Akhund warned Obama against maintaining a military presence in Afghanistan , saying it "  will only deepen your economic crisis and will harm your international reputation . " "  Pull all your forces out of our prideful country and put an end to the game of colonialization by shedding the blood of innocent Muslim people under the unjustified name of terrorism , " he said . The Taliban reintegration provision is part of the Commander 's Emergency Response Program , which is now receiving $ 1.3 billion . CERP funding also is intended for humanitarian relief and reconstruction projects at commanders ' discretion . "  Afghan leaders and our military say that local Taliban fighters are motivated largely by the need for a job or loyalty to the local leader who pays them and not by ideology or religious zeal , " Levin said in a Senate floor speech on September 11 . "  They believe an effort to attract these fighters to the government 's side could succeed , if they are offered security for themselves and their families , and if there is no penalty for previous activity against us . " While the plan has a "  reasonable chance for some success , " analyst Nicholas Schmidle said that it may not be a long-term solution . "  So long as the Americans are keenly aware of this , you 're buying a very , very , very temporary allegiance , " said Schmidle , an expert on the Afghanistan-Pakistan region for the nonpartisan New America Foundation . "  If that 's the foundation for moving forward , it 's a shaky foundation . " Peter Bergen , CNN security analyst , said the idea of paying off Taliban members to quit is nothing new . "  There 's been an amnesty program for low-level Taliban in place for many years now , and thousands of people have taken advantage of it , " he said . "  So this is not entirely a new idea . The idea of bribing people , local guys , to come over . ... It 's one of the most cost-effective ways to get people to lay down their arms , either to negotiate a peace or coerce them . " McChrystal has backed the Taliban reintegration plan , saying that most are not ideologically or even politically motivated . "  Most of the fighters we see in Afghanistan are Afghans , some with -LSB- a -RSB- foreign cadre with them , " he said in a July 28 Los Angeles Times interview . "  Most are operating for pay ; some are under a commander 's charismatic leadership ; some are frustrated with local leaders . " CNN 's Ed Hornick , Thomas Evans , Adam Levine , Barbara Starr and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Mullah Brader Akhund calls the strategy "  an old weapon that has failed already " Taliban reintegration plan aims to separate local Taliban from leaders , pay fighters to quit Plan has "  reasonable chance for some success , " may not be long-term solution , analyst says Top U.S. commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , has backed Taliban reintegration plan
CNN  -- I make a living encouraging politicians and candidates to use social media . And now I 'm going to tell them why it 's a bad idea . Not always , mind you -- social media will , and should , continue to play an important role in our political discourse . But the trend has grown so quickly ; I do n't know that anyone has really stopped to consider the implications of moment-by-moment , real-time transparency . I would argue that what we 've gotten is a trade-off , and the jury is still out on whether what we 've lost is worth more than what we 've gained in the process . So before I go about the process of destroying my company 's business model , let 's talk about what we 've gained with social media . The Web and social media have created a level of transparency that never before existed in our country . People sitting at home can research complicated issues with a few clicks of a mouse . Online campaign disclosure databases make pay-for-play politics far more difficult to obfuscate . Instantaneous tweeting of shady government practices -- and the resulting uproar -- means that public bodies are more responsive than ever . But there 's an unintended consequence , too , of over-democratization . Wait , you ask , how can we have too much democracy ? Well for starters , we do n't live in a democracy . We never have , nor should we . We live in a republic , where we elect people to take the tough votes and make the tough decisions for us . And quite honestly , politicians should have some level of flexibility to cast votes that -- gasp -- we might not like , without their every action becoming a referendum via Twitter and Facebook . A quote sometimes attributed incorrectly to Alexis de Toqueville goes , "  The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public 's money . " Today the same sentiment could be said about the danger of shutting naysayers up on Twitter and Facebook . Too many politicians are n't voting their conscience , they 're voting to placate blog commenters , and that 's no way to run government . Secondly , it 's one thing to see the sausage get made . It 's another thing entirely to watch the pig get slaughtered . There 's a domino effect when it comes to transparency . In policy making , lots of ideas are thrown out in order to set the good apart from the bad , and in order to stake out a position for compromise . Cynics would refer to it as "  backroom deal-making in a smoke-filled room . " But here 's the harsh reality -- that 's how bills get passed . And it 's how every important collaborative effort since the dawn of the written word has been achieved . After all , do you think the Constitution would have ever been written if Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton had Twitter accounts ? Third , government by social media leads to an environment where in every setting a politician has to be "  on . " When politicians are hashing out ideas , those ideas can range somewhere between politically untenable and electorally suicidal . Once they 're tweeted -- be it by a journalist or a rival politician -- they become TV ad , direct mail , and attack e-mail fodder . During the discussion , an idea is thrown out about "  What would be the implication of zeroing out funding for popular program X ? " Suddenly , that politician is facing hundreds of thousands of dollars in negative ads back home , telling his constituents that he "  considered " or "  proposed " eliminating X. Two weeks ago , Mitt Romney made a passing reference to eliminating HUD . It wo n't be long before President Obama 's team is cutting ads about Romney "  proposing " that we leave millions of Americans homeless . Factually accurate ? Sure , but misleading as hell . The result is a political discourse that is becoming devoid of real ideas , and instead pared down to the safest of talking points . And because most politicians draw their own districts to shield against a viable challenge from the opposite party , they are far more susceptible to electoral defeat in the summer than they are in the fall . Their audience in everything they do is the primary voter , not the swing voter . So the rhetoric throughout the year from both parties is increasingly divisive , increasingly partisan , and increasingly destructive to any kind of progress . Is any of this a product of social media ? No , absolutely not . American politics have been trending this way for decades . But technology has expedited our descent toward a political system devoid of real ideas and bold , controversial thought . As the use of social media accelerates , it 's incumbent upon everyone involved in the political process to make sure its power is used to harness everything good about the American political system , rather than to hasten political trends that are hurting our republic . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wesley Donehue .	Wesley Donehue : Social media gives people unprecedented ability to see political process He says there 's a risk politicians will become too dependent on Twitter , Facebook Compromise , productive bills happen behind closed doors , not transparently , he says Donehue : Politicians have to lead and represent the people , not become slavishly responsive
New York  CNN  -- New York state 's top police official announced Wednesday he was quitting , the second acting superintendent to step down in as many weeks . In a letter to embattled Gov. David Paterson , Pedro Perez denied his resignation was connected to the ethics scandals embroiling Albany . "  My retirement is not premised on the current investigation by the Attorney General -LSB- Andrew Cuomo -RSB- , as I know my decisions were honest and rightly motivated , " Perez said in the letter , which the New York State Police released . Perez 's resignation takes effect Friday and ends his 28-year career as a police officer , his letter said . His predecessor , Harry Corbitt , quit March 2 , less than a week after the abrupt resignation of Denise O'Donnell as New York 's deputy secretary for public safety . O'Donnell said Corbitt had misled her about state police involvement in a scandal involving a top aide to the governor . The Democratic governor has been mired in controversy since news reports emerged alleging an aide was involved in a domestic violence incident with a woman and that state police later allegedly pressured the woman to keep quiet . The aide , David Johnson , has been suspended without pay . Corbitt has said he did not dispute O'Donnell 's account of what he told her but said , "  The conclusions she appeared to draw from these statements were incorrect . " Separately , the New York State Commission on Public Integrity on March 3 accused Paterson of an ethics violation for allegedly accepting free tickets to the first game of last year 's World Series . The commission also said Paterson lied under oath about intending to pay for the tickets . Paterson 's spokesman , Peter Kauffmann , resigned the next day , saying he could not keep doing his job "  in good conscience . " The governor 's office said it was reviewing the commission 's findings . "  Gov. Paterson maintains his innocence and intends to challenge the findings of the commission both with respect to the law and the facts , " the office said . The governor could face up to an $ 80,000 fine for violating the state 's gift ban for public officials , and up to $ 10,000 if he is found to have used his official position to secure unwarranted privileges . The commission has asked Cuomo , the state 's attorney general , and the Albany County district attorney to investigate . Cuomo is a possible Democratic contender for the governor 's office in 2010 . Paterson , a former New York lieutenant governor who stepped into the governor 's mansion when Eliot Spitzer resigned in 2008 over a prostitution scandal , has abandoned his campaign for election to a full term , saying it was not the "  latest distraction but an accumulation " of obstacles behind his decision . CNN 's Mark J. Norman contributed to this report .	Pedro Perez stepping down as New York State Police 's acting superintendent His predecessor , Harry Corbitt , quit last week Perez 's letter denies resignation tied to ethics scandals involving New York Gov. David Paterson Reports allege police intervened in domestic violence case involving aide to Paterson
CNN  -- A Chicago couple never planned to turn their trip to Cambodia into a mission to help educate girls . But that 's exactly what happened . Bill and Lauren Smith had traveled to the Southeast Asian country often . During a 2002 visit , a taxi driver asked the Smiths if they wanted to see "  the children . " Not really knowing what he meant , they agreed . The driver took them about 25 minutes outside the capital of Phnom Penh . On their arrival , they saw hundreds of people on giant mountains of garbage . "  There were flies everywhere , " Bill said . "  There were snakes and rats and the stench ; you were just gagging . " His wife added , "  I had to breathe through my mouth not to smell it . " But they said they were most shocked by all the young children going through the garbage . These kids were scavenging for metal , plastic , glass and anything else they could sell to a recycler to make money . Each child would make about $ 10 a month at the dump to help out their families , Bill said . A photographer for Chicago sports teams including the Bears and Blackhawks , Bill started snapping pictures of the dump . But the experience haunted him and his wife . "  We were just tourists , " he said . "  But we thought we could help one person . " They came back the next day and decided to focus on a child to save from the dump . One girl stuck out in Lauren 's mind , she said . "  I remember seeing this little girl with the red hat . And I do n't know if it was the red hat or it was her eyes ... these big eyes  that  ... just looked kind of hopeless . " Through their driver , who spoke some English , they found out the girl 's name was Sreyna . They drove her home to talk to her mother about a way to get the 10-year-old out of the dump and into school . When they arrived , they met her sister Salim , 12 , and decided they would help them both . They made a deal with the girls ' mother . "  We 're going to pay you whatever they would make at the dump , " Bill recalled telling the mother . "  We 're going to make sure you have food at the table , and in exchange for this you have to promise us that you 'll make sure they go to school every day . You 'll make sure they stay in school , and you 'll make sure they never go to the dump again . " The mother agreed , and the Smiths gave their trusted driver money to fund the plan for the girls for the next six months . The couple also found two other girls they decided to sponsor during their trip . Returning home to Chicago , the Smiths showed their photos to friends and family and told them what they were doing with the girls . Many decided they wanted to help , too , and gave the Smiths money to fund more children . Bill also started doing fund-raisers with a slide show called "  From the Sports World to the Third World . " He would show his photos of the sports teams he covered and then scenes of orphanages , landmine survivors and the children at the dump in Cambodia . "  By now , the whole room 's in tears , " Bill recalled . A newspaper wrote an article about what the Smiths were doing , and soon they were getting donations from all over the country . They ended up starting a nonprofit organization called A New Day Cambodia . Today , the organization has two centers where they house about 100 girls and boys . And the concept is the same as it was from the start . The group pays the parents what their children would make at the dump in exchange for the kids going to school . And these efforts are paying off . Today , the sisters the Smiths initially helped are attending Harold Washington College in Chicago . Sreyna is studying hospitality , with hopes of working in the hotel and restaurant industry . Salim is studying English and wants to become a teacher . Over the years , they became close to the Smiths , spending a lot of time together traveling . Salim says she feels like they are her second family . Without the Smiths and an education , it 's hard to say where the two girls would be now . "  Education is really important to me personally , because I see it as a bridge , " Sreyna says , adding , "  Education to me is like a second life . " For ways to make an impact on education for girls around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . â $ cents More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project . â $ cents More from CNN 's Impact Your World . â $ cents More about A New Day Cambodia .	U.S. couple were horrified to see kids picking through garbage at a dump in Cambodia The experience haunted Bill and Lauren Smith , and they decided to help two sisters They paid for girls ' education so they would n't have to collect recyclables for money at dump The Smiths later started a nonprofit organization called A New Day Cambodia
New York  CNN  -- Just about a year ago , Josh Fattal , one of three American hikers imprisoned in Iran on suspicion of espionage , tasted freedom . But the road back from an Iranian jail cell -- where he spent more than two years -- to life in the United States has left the 30-year-old reflecting about what he and fellow hikers Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd had to endure . "  It 's been quite a year , " said Fattal . "  I feel way better than a year ago . That 's for sure . " He said it 's been difficult to recover from his 781 days of imprisonment in an 8-by-13 foot jail cell . "  I 'm feeling really good , but it 's not easy to transition , " he said . "  A lot of people experience trauma , but mine was very prolonged , systematic , enduring trauma and it 's hard to come out of that . " In an interview with CNN , Fattal described how he and Bauer used to sit in their cell and wonder what it would be like to be free again . After he was released on September 21 , 2011 , he said even simple decisions proved daunting . "  We did n't think it would be as hard as it  turned out to  be at all , " he said . "  Now I have the freedom to turn off the light bulb when I sleep . I have the freedom to sleep with sheets . There 's all sorts of freedom to move I did n't have before . " The three Americans were hiking in northern Iraq 's mountainous Kurdish region in July 2009 when they were arrested by Iranian border guards , after apparently straying into Iranian territory . Now back in the United States , Fattal on Saturday organized an "  Occupy " - inspired event in Manhattan , celebrating his one year of freedom . Next week , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to address the United Nations General Assembly . "  They 're probably down on 5th Avenue shopping for some capitalist luxuries , " he said , referring to Ahmadinejad 's entourage . "  And so we want him to bring that stuff to the ` Really , Really Free Market , ' " a tongue-in-cheek reference to his anniversary event in New York City 's Madison Square Park . Earlier this year , Fattal traveled to Louisville , Kentucky , taking advantage of an invitation to toast Muhammad Ali at his 70th birthday party . The boxing legend had lobbied on the hikers ' behalf during their imprisonment . "  I told him how much it uplifted me . I told him how buoyant I was when I read  his  words , " said Fattal . "  When I read about the press conference that he gave ... I then immediately put down the letter I was reading ... and started shadow boxing in the room . " But the former prisoner also recounted darker times , explaining that the memories of his days and nights spent behind bars still occasionally fill his nightmares . "  We have n't really had a chance to explain all , " he said , adding that he has plans to publish a tell-all book with his former fellow inmates sometime next year . He declined to offer further details about his imprisonment until the book is published .	Josh Fattal is one of three hikers who were imprisoned in Iran on suspicion of spying The three Americans were hiking in northern Iraq 's mountainous Kurdish area Fattal and the other hikers are working on a tell-all book to be released next year He was freed from prison one year ago
London  CNN  -- Fast food giant Taco Bell said Friday it has taken beef off the menu in its three UK outlets after tests on ground beef from a European supplier revealed traces of horse meat . The discovery of rogue horse meat in a wide range of beef products has thrown the European meat industry into disarray in recent weeks . A Taco Bell spokesman said the company had voluntarily ordered testing of its beef products in light of the scandal affecting other European retailers and food manufacturers . Opinion : Horse meat scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade "  Based on that testing , we learned ingredients supplied to us from one supplier in Europe tested positive for horse meat , " he said . Beef was immediately taken off the menu and will not be served again until the company is satisfied that suppliers meet its standards , he said . "  We apologize to our customers and take this matter very seriously as food quality is our highest priority , " he said . Taco Bell UK has informed the UK Food Standards Agency , which has been leading the investigation into unauthorized horse meat in Britain , he said . What 's behind the horse meat contamination scandal ? Two of the three UK Taco Bell outlets are in Essex , northeast of London , and the third is in Manchester , in northern England . There is no link in terms of products to Taco Bell in the United States or other outlets operated by Yum Brands , the spokesman added . Yum also owns Pizza Hut and KFC . "  Our domestic restaurants have not been , and will not be , impacted because we do not use any meat from Europe , " Taco Bell said in a prepared statement . "  Like all beef in the United States , ours is USDA inspected and then passes our own 20 quality checkpoints . " The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe , with questions raised over slaughterhouses and food suppliers in a number of countries . The Food Standards Agency released the results Friday of the latest round of testing ordered on products labeled beef across the UK food industry . So far , more than 99 % of tests continue to show no horse DNA at or above the level of 1 % , it said . Horse meat is not harmful in itself but authorities are concerned by its unauthorized presence in case it is tainted with a veterinary drug used to treat horses . Phenylbutazone , also known as bute , is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can pose a risk to humans . The European Union said last month it intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states .	NEW : Taco Bell says its domestic restaurants have not been affected It pulls all beef products from its three UK restaurants Beef from a European supplier tested positive for traces of horse meat , a spokesman says Europe 's meat industry has been in turmoil over the discovery of rogue horse DNA
Game developer Bethesda Softworks is ready to take role playing to the next level by adding voice commands via the Kinect controller to its wildly popular video game , "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " . Skyrim , the second highest grossing game of 2011 , takes players on an epic campaign as a warrior born with the blood and soul of a dragon . The game offers many adventures and quests , and players are free to roam and accept challenges as they wish . The Kinect functionality in Skyrim will be available in five languages -- English , French , Italian , German , and Spanish . The English version is expected to be released during the week of April 23 with the other versions following close behind . Called "  Project Adam , " Bethesda began formulating the idea of merging Kinect 's voice capabilities to "  Skyrim " shortly after the game 's release in November . Pete Hines , vice president of marketing and public relations for Bethesda , told CNN.com in an exclusive interview before the official announcement that the developer wanted to add functionality that did n't exist in the original release . "  When you do things , like when you are on the map , you uncover a lot of map markers and quests to go to a particular place . -LSB- With Kineck -RSB- you can use voice commands to do things very easily , to jump to different cities on the map , " Hines said . "  Even doing things in inventory like sorting by weight , by value -- that functionality does n't exist in ` Skyrim ' as it is . With Kinect , it unlocks a lot of new options . " Hines said the development team also wanted to enhance gameplay . Voice control naturally leant itself to "  Shouts , " special vocal powers that the players have access to in the game . "  You have your full arsenal of Shouts available using Kinect without having to stop , go to a menu , pick the one you want to use , and go back in the game and use it , " he said . "  You just say the Shout , and as long as you have the ability , your character will just use it on the fly . " Kinect will also let players use voice commands to arm weapons , activate spells and tell your companions what to do . The commands are designed to be intuitive , and Matt Barlow , general manager of Xbox Marketing , said Kinect support will add more than 200 voice commands to the game , providing a new level of access for fans that goes beyond the controller . "  Working closely with the talented team at Bethesda , they have done an amazing job of honoring the core gameplay functionality fans of "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " know and love and using Kinect for Xbox 360 voice control integration to complement and strengthen the core experience without changing the fundamental game mechanics , " Barlow said . While two other games  "  Mass Effect 3 " and "  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 "  also use the Kinect for voice control , Barlow said allowing players easy access to menus and inventories , and to quickly create and load saves during gameplay is unique to "  Skyrim . " However , do n't get the idea you 'll be waving your arms around in front of Kinect as you fight a dragon . Combat and casting magic will still be done through the handheld Xbox 360 controller . But simple actions that could be done through menus will be available easier with the Kinect . "  Totally replacing the handheld controller  would be a whole other can of worms , " Hines said . "  Doing combat and swinging your sword and all that stuff without a controller would dramatically change the game . We 're trying to enhance the experience as we designed it with some additional functionality . " Hines said the Kinect functionality will be an update to the existing game that will automatically download when Bethesda is ready to release it sometime later this month . Players wo n't have to do anything to enable the voice commands and will have the option to turn the Kinect functionality off if they choose . The idea to merge Kinect with Skyrim came from one of the game 's designers after the its release last year . During a "  game jam , " where game designers are given a week to work on whatever they want as long as it is related to the title , Ricky Gonzales , a programmer on "  Skyrim , " came up with the idea of using voice commands to do things within the game . "  He deserves a lot of the credit for putting the time in to get it to work and then working with Microsoft on some of the extra bits that they helped us out with , " Hines said .	"  Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " coming to the Kinect system Combat and casting magic will still be done through the handheld Xbox 360 controller The English version is expected to be released during the week of April 23 Kinect lets players use voice commands to arm weapons and activate spells
