Milan , Italy  CNN  -- The judge in Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's trial on charges of sex with a minor rejected all defense motions Monday and scheduled the next hearing for October 3 . Judge Giulia Turri dismissed defense motions one by one in a hearing attended by neither Berlusconi nor the woman at the center of the accusations , dancer Karima el Mahroug -- nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " Berlusconi 's attorney , Niccolo Ghedini , slammed Turri . "  It is shameful . It is a ruling without any logic , " he complained to reporters after the proceedings . "  It is not possible to hold a fair trial here . The judge rejected all of 16 objections . How is this possible ? " Berlusconi also faced a second hearing Monday in another case involving accusations of corruption . It was the first time he has had hearings in both cases on the same day . He 's drawn the most international attention for the headline-grabbing allegations that he paid for sex with the dancer , and then tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was arrested for theft . It 's illegal to pay for sex with a minor in Italy . Both the prime minister and the dancer admit he gave her money , but deny it was for sex . Separately , he is also fighting charges of bribing British lawyer David Mills to secure favorable testimony in legal cases . Mills denied receiving bribes and his conviction in the case was overturned last year . Mills is the ex-husband of former British government minister Tessa Jowell . The Mills case has been in and out of court for years . Berlusconi at one point passed a law shielding top government officials from prosecution while they 're in office , and then saw it struck down by judges . Berlusconi denies all charges . The court adjourned the Mills case until September 19 . Berlusconi did not appear at the Ruby trial on Monday . Ghedini said the prime minister "  had other institutional commitments . " Berlusconi 's political fortunes have been mixed in the face of the trials . His ruling coalition suffered a major defeat in local elections in Milan and Naples at the end of May , with voters backing left-wing candidates in both cities . Milan 's turn to the left is a powerful setback for Berlusconi . Milan is his hometown and his political stronghold , and it has been led by a center-right mayor for the past two decades But less than a month later , Italian lawmakers approved a vote of confidence for his economic reform package . Lawmakers in the lower house of parliament approved the package in a 317-293 vote on June 21 . The measure -- which aims to boost growth in Italy , particularly in the southern regions -- was n't a vote of confidence on the Berlusconi government but only on the reform package itself . But the vote showed that Berlusconi has a stronger majority in the lower house than his critics thought . CNN 's Hada Messia and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : Italian PM Berlusconi 's attorney calls the judge 's actions "  shameful " NEW : The court adjourned the corruption case until September 19 He is fighting allegations he paid for sex with a minor and abused power when she was arrested Berlusconi also faces corruption charges related to his media empire
CNN  -- The United States will withdraw another 4,000 troops in Iraq by the end of October , the U.S. military commander in Iraq said in prepared testimony for a congressional hearing Wednesday . The top military commander in Iraq says the U.S. is on track to end its combat mission in Iraq by next year . U.S. Gen. Ray Odierno is expected to tell the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee that there has been a significant drop in violence in Iraq recently , according to the statement obtained by CNN . President Obama has said the U.S. combat mission in Iraq will end by August 31 , 2010 . Obama also said he plans to keep a range of 35,000 to 50,000 support troops on the ground in Iraq after combat troops are out . "  We have approximately 124,000 troops and 11 Combat Teams operating in Iraq today . By the end of October , I believe we will be down to 120,000 troops in Iraq , " Odierno said in the remarks . Odierno said statistics show violence has dropped in Iraq . "  Overall attacks have decreased 85 percent over the past two years from 4,064 in August 2007 to 594 in August 2009 , with 563 in September so far , " Odierno said . "  In that same time period , U.S. military deaths have decreased by 93 percent , Iraqi Security Force deaths have decreased 79 percent . " Odierno said there were still security questions . "  Although security is improving , it is not yet enduring . There still remain underlying , unresolved sources of potential conflict , " Odierno said . Odierno pointed to the August 19 bombings in Baghdad that targeted the Ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs that killed more than 100 people as an example of ongoing challenges in Iraq . However , Odierno gave a vote of confidence to the Iraqi forces who had taken over security for Baghdad after U.S. forces handed over control . "  The Iraqis wanted to be in charge ; they wanted the responsibilities ; and they have demonstrated that they are capable , " he said .	Thousands more troops in Iraq expected to return to U.S. in October U.S. Gen. Ray Odierno to tell House panel Wednesday violence has dropped in Iraq President Obama had said U.S. combat troops would leave in August 2010
CNN  -- About 50 Central American immigrants were kidnapped by gunmen earlier this month from a train crossing through Mexico , a Salvadoran official told CNN en Español Wednesday . The government of Mexico has not confirmed or denied the incident . The incident has been mired in mystery since a priest who runs a shelter for immigrants first reported the story this week . He came forward after a group of immigrants who escaped from their would-be captors arrived and said that the incident took place December 16 in the town of Chahuites , in the state of Oaxaca near the border with Guatemala . Juan Jose Garcia , El Salvador 's vice minister for Salvadorans abroad , said his government can confirm that the mass kidnapping happened as the survivors state . He said about 12 men armed with assault rifles and machetes forced the migrants off the train and divided them into two groups of about 25 each . Then they were taken to an unknown location , he said . But the Mexican government has not officially confirmed the incident happened . Mexican officials said that the country 's National Migration Institute carried out an operation in the same area on the same night and noted that the train company did not report its train being delayed or stopped in the area . "  We can not confirm it or deny it . We are acting on the complaint we received , " Irma Pineiro , Oaxaca state 's cabinet chief , told CNN en Español . The priest who made the story public , Rev. Alejandro Solalinde , said the immigrants he spoke with believed the kidnappers were the Zetas drug cartel . The cartel is also believed behind the killings of 72 migrants in northern Mexico in August .	El Salvador says it has evidence that 50 migrants were kidnapped in Mexico Mexico has not confirmed the incident , which allegedly occurred in Oaxaca state A priest who runs a shelter for immigrants first reported the story this week Priest says immigrants believe kidnappers were with the Zetas drug cartel
CNN  -- "  George Washington slept here . " It was once an American catchphrase -- cheery shorthand for a blithesome fact of American democracy : Our presidents come from among us , and have traditionally striven to continue moving among us . Any number of country inns and lodges , in the early years of the United States , proudly proclaimed that the first president once spent the night within their walls . The phrase had staying power ; as late as the 1940s a hit Broadway comedy by Moss Hart and George S. Kaufman was titled "  George Washington Slept Here , " and was followed by a major motion picture starring Jack Benny . It is doubtful , in our contemporary era of Code Red security levels and constant threats against public officials , that there will be a sequel to the jolly play or movie coming out any time soon . Our presidents still , from time to time , sleep among us , but whatever feeling of lighthearted happenstance was implicit in the "  George Washington slept here " slogan is long gone . By necessity , a president spending a night away from the White House is grimly serious business . Without having planned it that way , I ended up staying at the same hotel as President Barack Obama during his recent visit to New York to address a session of the United Nations General Assembly . I had scheduled a trip to New York months before , and had no idea the president would be in town at the same time . The roadway congestion and police-mandated detours on the way into midtown Manhattan from LaGuardia created a backed-up mess , and the cabdriver summed it up in a weary phrase I could tell he had used many times that week : "  Obama traffic . " It 's not a phrase any politician would welcome -- no one seeking the voting public 's goodwill wants to be associated with traffic headaches -- but that 's how it is these days , whether the person in office is a Democrat or a Republican . When a president comes to town , all streets along the paths of his motorcades are blocked off , all people seeking access to where he is are frisked , either electronically or by hand or both . Because of the history of violence against political leaders , the melancholy assumption on the part of law enforcement is that everyone must be presumed guilty of having bad intentions until being deemed innocent . No one has to ask why there must be Secret Service war wagons standing sentry on otherwise cleared-of-traffic streets adjacent to where a president sleeps , or why guests checking into a hotel where a president stays have their baggage taken from them and carted to an outdoor location behind steel-and-cement barriers , where sophisticated screening devices give them the once or twice over . And no one has to inquire about the reason for the searches every hotel employee and every hotel guest must submit to each time he or she wants to enter the building anew . Not to have these measures in place would be to invite disaster of shattering proportions , especially when , in the case of the recent United Nations sessions , not only the president of the United States , but numerous top-level foreign officials are there , too . Still , it makes the very idea of a president mixing with the people he is elected to serve seem like a well-intentioned but ultimately bittersweet illusion . And the limitations on a president 's movement , and on the free movement of citizens who would like to catch a glimpse of him , are destined to grow ever more restrictive . Presidents routinely rode through cities in open convertibles -- until the murder of John F. Kennedy made that seem like a foolhardy concept . Presidents and presidential candidates took it for granted that the people who worked in the buildings where they spoke or slept were not a major danger -- until Robert F. Kennedy took that shortcut through the hotel kitchen . Presidents felt relatively safe strolling onto a sidewalk with unscreened people in close proximity -- until Ronald Reagan walked onto the wrong sidewalk on the wrong day . Today , when presidents decide to take a jog or go out for a bite to eat , it is done from within thick concentric rings of armed Secret Service agents and local police . Presidents have been known to say that they feel stifled governing from the environs of the Rose Garden , meaning that they believe they have to get out from the bubble that is life in the White House if they want to maintain a feel for America and Americans . Yet the reality , increasingly , is that they ca n't and do n't leave the bubble -- the bubble moves right along with them , except that it is no longer merely a bubble , it is a heavily fortified multiple-city-block mobile bunker . And every time that bunker is deployed into the nation beyond Washington is a new reminder of the seemingly unsolvable quandary we face : We wish we did n't live in a world where such measures are necessary . Our presidents wish they did n't live in a world where such measures are necessary . It 's not our fault , or theirs . But it 's not going to get any easier . Wherever George Washington may have slept , if he were alive today the place would be surrounded by iron barricades , shut-down roadways and government sharpshooters bearing automatic weapons . It 's the kind of thing that might keep a president awake at night . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Slogan "  George Washington slept here " implied man-of-the-people event He says in today 's high-security environment for president , no such thing possible He stayed at same hotel as Obama when he was in NY ; security was maddening Greene : Presidents try to stay in touch with Americans , but where they go , the bubble goes too
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated with blood thinners on Monday at a New York hospital to help dissolve a blood clot in her head and doctors were confident she would make a full recovery . Clinton was admitted to New York Presbyterian Hospital on Sunday due to the clot that was discovered during a follow-up exam related to a concussion she suffered this month , her spokesman , Philippe Reines , said . The clot was located in the vein between the brain and and the skull behind Clinton 's right ear and did not result in any stroke or neurological damage , her doctors said in a statement . Clinton was treated with blood thinners to help dissolve the clot and would be released once the medication dose had been established , they said . "  In all other aspects of her recovery , the secretary is making excellent progress and we are confident she will make a full recovery . She is in good spirits , engaging with her doctors , her family , and her staff , " Clinton 's doctors said . Blood clots : 4 things you need to know Clinton , 65 , was suffering from a stomach virus earlier this month when she fainted because of dehydration , causing the concussion . Blood clots "  are clumps that occur when blood hardens from a liquid to a solid , " according to the National Institutes for Health . Clots can form inside veins or arteries or even the heart , the NIH says . "  A blockage in the vein will usually cause fluid buildup and swelling , " the NIH website says . Among the possible threats : Sometimes , a "  clot can break loose and travel from one location in the body to another . " Read more : Hillary Clinton fast facts Clinton spent the holidays with her family last week after working from home . She was scheduled to return to work at the State Department this week after being sidelined for most of the past month . Her illness forced her to bow out of testifying on December 20 before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the deadly September attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . Clinton , a one-time presidential candidate who is the source of constant speculation she might run again in 2016 , plans to step down from the State Department once a replacement is confirmed by the Senate . President Barack Obama has nominated Sen. John Kerry to succeed her . Report blames poor security , inadequate response in Benghazi attack	The clot was found in the vein between the brain and the skull behind her right ear It did not result in a stroke or neurological damage , Clinton 's doctors said Clinton 's doctors expect her to make a full recovery
New DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian border guards fired four rockets into Pakistan on Saturday in what they said was retaliation to a similar fire from the other side . Pakistan denied that claim . Two unexploded rockets were traced after midnight near an Indian outpost along the border dividing the Punjab region between the two countries , said K. Srinivasan , a deputy inspector-general of India 's Border Security Force . "  We have standing instructions to retaliate and retaliate heavily , " he said , adding that Indian borders guards also fired about 50 gunshots . The firing has stopped as of now , he said . But a spokesman for the Pakistan Rangers said India 's allegations were false . Nadeem Raza said that an explosion was heard at about 11:30 p.m. , after which Indians fired mortars into Pakistani territory . Saturday 's skirmish came a day after a long gunfight ended between Indian security forces and militants in Srinagar , the summer capital of India 's Jammu and Kashmir state . The border between India and Pakistan is disputed in the Kashmir region , where India accuses Pakistan of fueling an insurgency . The two nations have fought three wars over the territory since their independence in 1947 and routinely exchanged fire along the border , known as the Line of Control , until a 2003 ceasefire agreement . But tensions between the two South Asian rivals , both nuclear powers , escalated after the deadly siege on Mumbai in November , 2008 . More than 160 people were killed in the Mumbai assault , which derailed the peace process . The Indian government hinted Friday that Pakistan was behind this week 's attack in Srinagar . "  The two militants who were killed were in communication with their handlers outside India , " said a statement issued by Home Minister P. Chidambaram . "  The incident highlights the fact that the country , especially Jammu and Kashmir , remains vulnerable to militant attacks sponsored by forces from across the border . " Chidambaram 's comment echoed India 's allegations that the terrorists who laid siege to Mumbai were in touch with their leaders in Pakistan by phone . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report .	Indian border guards fire four rockets into Pakistan along Punjab region border India claims attack in retaliation for similar attack ; Pakistan denies that claim Incident follows gunfight ended between Indian forces , militants in Kashmir
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- Two cadaver dogs working separately each showed interest in the same area of property belonging to kidnapping suspects Phillip and Nancy Garrido , a possible indication of human remains , police said Thursday . Police search for evidence relating to missing girls Ilene Misheloff and Michaela Garecht . Authorities will use ground-penetrating radar equipment on Friday to examine the area , and "  we will eventually be digging in that location , " said Hayward police Lt. Chris Orrey . The Garridos face a combined 29 felony counts in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , then 11 , from South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities believe the couple held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years and have said Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , fathered her two children . On Tuesday , police from Hayward and Dublin , California , began executing search warrants simultaneously on the Garrido property and an adjacent property to which Garrido had access . They are seeking any evidence in the 1988 abduction of 9-year-old Michaela Garecht of Hayward and the 1989 disappearance of 13-year-old Ilene Misheloff of Dublin . Both agencies have said that while Garrido has not been named a suspect in either case , he can not be eliminated as a suspect . Watch police search the Garrido home " On Wednesday , authorities said they had found bones on the Garrido property as well as the adjacent property but do not know whether they are animal or human . The bones are being analyzed , Orrey said on Thursday , and no new information was available about them . In addition , a bone fragment was found on the adjacent property last week . Police said it was probably human , and it is being tested at the state DNA lab . Police said the spot that the dogs showed interest in was in "  open ground " on the Garrido property . The first dog gave a tentative indication of something there , so the second dog was brought in and made a more definite indication , said Sgt. J.D. Nelson of Alameda County Sheriff 's Office . The dogs , which undergo between six months and a year of training , are trained to find human remains . It is possible for the dogs to give "  false positives , " Nelson said -- a reason why the second dog was brought in . However , since both dogs showed interest , going forward with the other methods is recommended , he said . Orrey said the digging could begin as soon as Friday , but was not sure when it would occur . Police have disassembled some horse sheds and a deck on the properties , Orrey said , and plan to overturn the concrete slabs they were built on in order to have the dogs check the spots out . There are other slabs on the property as well , she said , some of which are "  randomly placed " and "  piqued our interest , " she said . Authorities have seized documents from the home , apparently some writings by Garrido -- "  it appears he was a pretty prolific writer , " Orrey said . Learn more about Phillip Garrido 's history " Police also have taken some things for Jaycee and her family , and "  a few things we want to take a second look at , " she said , adding , "  nothing compelling so far has been taken . " Officers are "  doing a lot of photo-documentation " in case anything turns out to be connected to another case , she said . The operation may wrap up midweek next week , Orrey said . The home is in unincorporated Contra Costa County , near Antioch , California . Meanwhile , officials at Contra Costa County Animal Services Department said Dugard and her daughters will be reunited with pets taken from the Garrido home after he and his wife were arrested in late August -- five cats , two dogs , three cockatiels , a pigeon , a white mouse and a parakeet . Officials said the animals appeared to be well cared-for . It was unclear when Dugard would get them back . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Two cadaver dogs each show interest in the same area of Garrido property Authorities to use ground-penetrating radar equipment Friday Ilene Misheloff ,13 , went missing in 1989 ; Michaela Garecht , 9 , in 1988 Phillip and Nancy Garrido also are accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard
CNN  In "  Game of Thrones , " Yunkai might be a fictional city ruled by an oligarchy of slave merchants , but the scenes had to be filmed in the real world . The citadel of Ait-Ben-Haddou in Morocco near Ouarzazate  pronounced Wa-za-zat  was chosen as the location , and is one of the most popular film-making destinations in the region . And scenes set in the ancient city of Astapor , which was a big part of the final episode of season three , was filmed in Essaouira -- also in Morocco . But the creators of "  Game of Thrones " were not the first to use the region 's beauty as the backdrop for a major international production . More than a decade before them , Ridley Scott chose the North African country to film the gory glory of ancient Rome in his epic "  Gladiator " starring Russell Crowe . And so did the producers of "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time " which starred Jake Gyllenhaal . Indeed , big foreign productions seeking a Middle Eastern backdrop  and possibly an academy award  have long chosen Morocco for its relatively cheap price tag and safety -- and nearly half of the films shot in the kingdom are made in Ouarzazate . According to Amine Tazi , who runs two of the town 's biggest studios , foreign directors come for the dramatic light as well as the wide variety of landscapes . But Morocco 's appeal goes far beyond the beautiful vistas . Filmmakers can find experienced local crews that help productions save half the cost they 'd pay in Europe or the U.S. "  Logistically , -LSB- Ouarzazate is -RSB- very good , " says Tazi , general manager at Atlas & CLA Studios . "  Everything is very close by . Hotels are close by . People are very movie friendly and very efficient . " Tazi 's studios also offer dozens of set options -- from Styrofoam Egyptian temples to plaster-cast Tibetan Palaces . National Geographic used one of his sets in the mini-series "  Killing Jesus " -- the seven-week production was filmed by a crew of 250 people and included 4,500 extras . Bargain Hunting Atlas Studios opened in 1983 to host the Michael Douglas classic "  The Jewel of the Nile . " Since then , around 200 TV shows and films have been shot there , including "  Babel , " starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett . "  Morocco is one of the countries that goes out of its way to welcome film makers , " says Tony Reeves , writer of the Worldwide Guide to Movie Locations . "  Technical crews in Morocco are well sought after -- builders , painters , extras , electrical resources . " But in recent years productions have been hit by the global financial crisis and the uncertainty following the Arab Spring which ripped through North Africa . Between 2008 and 2013 , Tazi 's revenue dropped by 50 % . Such a slowdown hit Ouarzazate ` seconomy , where many of the 100,000 citizens rely on the cinema industry from employment . "  The city is poor . There -LSB- are -RSB- few job opportunities , " says resident Abdelaziz Bouydnayen , who once played Osama Bin Laden in a National Geographic documentary . "  We are all just waiting ... There are millions of dollars that come into this city , but the city is still poor . " In the past decade , both of the town 's theaters have closed leaving residents without a place to watch the films shot in their back yard . Changing Times Yet , a series of recent developments have started to show the start of a revival . Last year , 22 films used Tazi 's studios -- up from 12 in 2013 . Foreign film projects spent $ 120 million in 2014 , according to the country 's film commission -- up from $ 23 million the previous year . And part of the reason filmmakers keep coming to Morocco are the tax-incentives -- foreign crews are exempt from paying value added tax . But the other reason is the experience of Moroccan talent . "  Making stories of biblical proportions requires that there be casts of hundreds " says Roma Downey , who is producing the upcoming TV series "  A.D. " in Morocco . "  To wrangle that many people and have them be so focused and understand what they 're doing is a big part of what they 're doing . It save time , saves money . " Tazi is so confident that the current boom will continue that he plans to build a brand new Roman-themed set this year . He 's hoping to keep the cameras rolling and action going in Morocco 's Hollywood . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Teenager brings poop power to Kenyan school Read this : Bitcoins hit Africa 's money transfer traditions	The town of Ouarzazate is often called Morocco 's Hollywood Ridley Scott 's film "  Gladiator " and parts of "  Game of Thrones " have been filmed in the area The industry is making a comeback after being hit hard by the global financial crisis
CNN  -- As the Democratic National Convention gets underway in Charlotte , North Carolina , here 's some trivia on memorable Democratic convention moments , as well as some fun facts about the oldest and youngest headliners and African American candidates . Memorable Democratic convention speeches • In her keynote 1988 speech , Texas state treasurer and future governor Ann Richards declared that George H.W. Bush was "  born with a silver foot in his mouth . " • In his speech to the 1980 Democratic convention , Sen. Ted Kennedy said , "  For me , a few hours ago , this campaign came to an end . For all those whose cares have been our concern , the work goes on , the cause endures , the hope still lives , and the dream shall never die . " Political ` Power : ' A gallery • In 1940 , Eleanor Roosevelt became the first first Lady to address a national political convention . With war looming , she said , "  We can not tell from day to day what may come . This is no ordinary time , no time for thinking about anything except what we can best do for the country as a whole . " African American convention firsts • In 1976 , Rep. Barbara Jordan of Texas was the first African American to give the keynote address at a Democratic convention  She also keynoted the 1992 convention  . In 1884 , Former Mississippi Rep. John Lynch became the first African American keynote speaker at a Republican convention . - Channing Phillips , a minister from Washington , D.C. , became the first African American to receive a vote at a Democratic convention in 1968 , with 67.5 delegate votes . Frederick Douglass , in 1888 , became the first African American to receive a vote at a Republican convention with one delegate vote . Democrats to highlight Obama 's tough decisions • Barack Obama was the last African American to deliver a keynote address  2004  . Republicans have not featured an African American keynoter since Lynch in 1884 . Oldest and youngest convention facts • Lewis Cass , 65 years , 226 days , was the oldest person to win presidential nomination for the Democratic Party at the 1848 Democratic convention . Ronald Reagan , at 73 years , 196 days , was the oldest Republican to do so , at the 1984 convention . • For the Democrats , former West Virginia Sen. Henry G. Davis was the oldest person to accept the vice presidential nomination . He was 80 years , 233 days old . On the Republican side , Charles Curtis was the oldest to do so . He was 72 years , 141 days old when he accepted the nomination at the 1932 Republican convention . • The youngest person to win presidential nomination for the Democrats was William Jennings Bryan at 36 years , 110 days old during the 1896 convention . For the Republicans , Thomas E. Dewey was the youngest at 42 years , 94 days during the 1944 convention . Obama expecting to get ` misty ' during first lady 's speech • John C. Breckinridge was the youngest Democrat to win vice presidential nomination at 35 years , 138 days old during the 1856 convention . In 1952 , Richard Nixon became the youngest Republican to take the VP nomination at 39 . Convention Bounce • After the 2008 Democratic convention , then-candidate Barack Obama experienced a two-point bounce in the polls , going from 47 % before the event to 49 % after the convention in Denver . Data comes from an average of surveys by CNN , USA Today and Gallup . Sen. John McCain , meanwhile , remained steady in the polls at 48 % after the GOP gathering in Minneapolis-St . Paul . • In 1992 , then-candidate Bill Clinton received a whopping boost of 16 points after the Democratic convention in New York City , going from 40 % to 56 % . His opponent , Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush , saw a modest gain of five points , increasing from 37 % to 42 % . The GOP event was held in Houston in mid August , more than a month after the Democratic gathering . CNN 's Keating Holland , Alan Silverleib and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Memorable moment : future Texas governor Ann Richards said Bush ' 41 ' was born with a "  silver foot in his mouth " DNC : Barack Obama was the last African American to deliver a keynote address in 2004 RNC : John Lynch was the last African American to keynote a Republican convention in 1884 In 1992 , then-candidate Bill Clinton got a boost of 16 points after the DNC , going from 40 % to 56 %
CNN  -- It 's the battle of the tech titans . No , not Apple versus Samsung . Sony has gone head-to-head with Microsoft after releasing their next-generation gaming platforms for the holiday shopping season . And according to a recent sales report , Sony 's PlayStation4 seems to have won the first round of the battle . The PS4 sold 1.25 million units in the United States during November , while the Xbox One sold 750,000 , said Michael Pachter , an analyst at Wedbush Morgan , in a recent note to investors . As for global sales , the Japanese manufacturer announced they had sold more than 2.1 million PS4 units worldwide at the beginning of December . Microsoft say they sold over 2 million systems . With the XBox One starting at $ 499 , and the PS4 at $ 399 , Pachter says the the $ 100 price difference is responsible for Sony 's success : "  The reason Sony beats Microsoft is solely the price . Microsoft loses the next generation unless they cut price . " In at the starting line From the start , it was far from clear which console would reign over the world of gaming . "  These are two systems that are well-balanced to keep the furious battle between Xbox and PlayStation going for the next decade ... which can only be good for gamers everywhere , " says David Hutchinson , chief video games writer for The Times of London . The tech landscape has transformed drastically since the last time these two electronics giants went head to head with the Xbox 360 in 2005 and the PlayStation 3 in 2007 . Back then , smartphones and tablet devices did n't even exist . While PS4 is being touted as the perfect machine for social media lovers -- offering games that players can share easily with friends -- Xbox One is said to be ideal for those after a multimedia machine that can multitask and switch between games , movies , music and applications quickly and seamlessly . "  The PlayStation 4 has been set as more of a games machine versus the Xbox One 's aim to be the multimedia entertainment center at the heart of your living room ... Both systems are essentially PCs in a console shell , " explains Hutchinson . The two systems have everything from motion tracking and facial recognition to cameras and redesigned controllers . What 's more , the Xbox One can not only be plugged into your cable box for on-demand TV and movies , but can also be personalized to a user 's interests running a series of apps and programs , including Skype , NetFlix and LoveFilm . Smart strategies Seven years ago , Microsoft pushed development on the Xbox 360 so that they could put their console on the market a year ahead of the PlayStation 3 . Hutchinson says this move gave Microsoft plenty of time "  to gain an audience within a gaming community where the PlayStation had previously ruled supreme . " "  They gained a huge market share in that unchallenged year , " he explains . "  Sony are obviously aware how this has affected their market dominance , so in this cycle of consoles they have made sure to release the PS4 slightly ahead of their rival in the U.S. to make sure they are n't left behind again . " At the industry 's E3 conference in June , not long after Sony went public with their early release date , Microsoft announced they 'd priced their console $ 100 more than Sony 's PS4 . Though the news did n't sit well with gaming enthusiasts , Microsoft refused to budge on the price . A gamer backlash ensued when fans found out the Xbox One was not going to allow offline gameplay or secondhand games to be used on the device . In turn , resistance from fans forced Microsoft to reverse its decision , explains Hutchinson . "  Xbox were wise to backtrack on their initial idea that you would n't be able to easily resell secondhand games or pass old games onto friends more than once , " says Hutchinson . "  It showed a lack of understanding of the importance of selling on games for younger gamers , but also showed Microsoft 's maturity in knowing when to backtrack if mistakes have been made . " The death of consoles ? In recent years , the video game industry has seen users develop a growing appetite for mobile devices . This has led some to question the future of the console industry . "  Rumors of gaming console death are a bit premature , " says Eric Smith , a consumer electronics expert from Strategy Analytics . "  It 's been a down year in 2013 -LSB- for consoles -RSB- , but going forward , this next generation is going to boost sales for several years to come . " Industry analysts attribute few top game releases and the tail end of the last generation of consoles as contributing factors for this year 's downturn . Meanwhile mobile play continues to grow at a significant rate . Research firm Gartner forecast in their latest report that revenue from mobile gaming alone is predicted to "  nearly double between 2013 and 2015 from $ 13.2 billion to $ 22 billion . " "  Casual gamers I think have moved on most likely to mobile platforms . Tablets and phones are cheaper -LSB- and -RSB- more easily accessible , " says Smith . "  These are impressive machines that have been released , they are enjoying great sales and beforehand , they were enjoying great pre-orders ... But the audience has shrunk and I do n't think those casual gamers are going to return . " So with casual gamers moving over to their smartphones , hardcore gamers have been left to save the console for future generations . Smith says : " -LSB- Xbox One -RSB- does gaming as well , but it is targeted towards a much broader audience and I think there is a risk in that gamers look at it and say : ` This is not for me , this is not built for gamers first ' ... But at the same time , if these functions do catch up , -LSB- Microsoft -RSB- stands to gain sales down the road . " Meanwhile , Hutchinson hopes that neither electronics giant will reign supreme as it means a better and more competitive experience for the fans themselves . "  The joint dominance of the Xbox 360 and the PS3 marked a great era for the gaming public , " he says . "  With no monopoly , gamers get better deals on games and hardware after the initial round of console launches are out of the way . Long may this continue . "	Microsoft and Sony release their next-gen gaming consoles Xbox One focuses on inclusive entertainment experience , PlayStation focuses on gamers Mobile gaming becomes fastest-growing area of gaming industry , say researchers
CNN  -- The tone of tweets on Twitter and posts on Facebook in reaction to President Obama 's State of the Union speech Wednesday night were in contrast to the optimistic comments on his speeches to Congress in September and during his inauguration . Social media users showed more frustration compared with the more hopeful tones in the past , with many saying they hoped the president 's rhetoric would lead to more action . Their frustrations with the lingering economic doldrums , high jobless rates and the battle over health care are reflected in Obama 's approval ratings . They have dropped from 76 percent to 49 percent since February . Social media comments echoed those sentiments . Some users , including members of Congress , continued to find hope in Obama 's words , which they said moved them to believe the country can turn around . Others saw the speech as simply political rhetoric and sometimes contradictory . CNN.com monitored Facebook posts and tweets during Obama 's speech . Here is a sampling of how users felt about the speech , divided by topic and issue . Inspirational words or all talk , no action ? "  i love my obama but i hope he cuts the euphemisms and get to the point tonight ... people r broke and mad . " -- Twitter user parlorwest "  yes , give us the reality , we 've heard the inspiring speeches #SOTU " -- Twitter user Wise_Diva "  No , Mr. President . Our Union is not strong - it 's more divided than ever . #SOTU " -- Twitter user josephgruber "  I do n't want a tax cut per se I want CASH NOW !! And real health care ! #sotu " -- Twitter user ActsofFaithblog "  It 's just more words from Obama . He ca n't keep his campaign promises and he wont keep these either . " -- Twitter user scpolitico "  Voted for Obama and support him , but we need to see some results . Remember when health care was supposed to be done over the summer ? Yeah ... " -- Heather Wade on Facebook "  SOTU not inspiring . People are asking "  where 's the beef " . Talk is cheap . Need more than rhetoriic " -- Twitter user , Rep. Virginia Foxx  R-North Carolina "  Obama just promised comprehensive energy reform ! And free pony rides for me and all of my friends ! #sotu " -- Twitter user PUNTE "  A year ago , I believed in Obama 's to-do list . With his 1st #SOTU , I know he 's just empty rhetoric and I 've gone nothing but skepticism . " -- Twitter user MattGoldberg Overall thoughts on the speech "  Americans have made clear that bigger government is not the answer to our challenges and conservatives are listening , " "  Despite his resistance , we will not relent until we get this message across to the President " -- Twitter user , Rep. Tom Price  R-Georgia "  Obama moves me to make this country better . Bush moved me off the couch to change the channel " -- Twitter user russpalmer "  Obama - Second place not good enuff . Oh dear lord ... it 's not a competition . . and we should n't be cheerleaders " -- Teresa Boze on Facebook , discussing Obama 's comments that the U.S. should n't be in second place . "  Good , solid speech , important focus on Senate action ! " -- Twitter user , Rep. Earl Blumenauer  D-Oregon "  My reaction to the SOTU ? I 'm moving to Canada . They may be socialist but they are more conservative than Obama could ever dream of . " -- Twitter user RayLevesque "  Obama thinks he can change the tone of our politics . Yeah . Your resignation would be a good start . #justsayin #sotu " -- Twitter user JennLRyan "  Thank you , Obama , for making me slightly less terrified about the future of this country , if only for one night . Good dude . #stateoftheunion " -- Twitter user otokoyaku "  What keeps us going , Mr. President , is that a term is only 4 years . #SOTU #TCOT " -- Twitter user scrappleface "  Obama is making an awful lot of promises tonight . Who 's holding him accountable ? #SOTU " -- Twitter user Megs723 "  Obama 's idea of defense has been to stick his head in the sand & wave the white flag rather than fight for liberty & wave the US flag . " -- Twitter user makeCAspecial "  Barack Obama 's facebook status has changed to "  its complicated " with America . He is still looking for "  whatever I can get . " " -- Twitter user Gurubanks Watch one iReporter 's take on president 's speech "  Yes , Mr. President , Strength of American people resides in us . Stop trying 2 take that from us . You do n't know better #stateoftheunion #SOTU " -- Twitter user Halley5 Focusing on jobs and the economy "  The only way Obama know how to create Jobs is to nationalize something and have someone else pay for it . " -- Twitter user RightWingArtist "  The President effectively changed the subject tonight from HCR to the economy , fiscal responsibility , & the need for more bipartisanship . ... Now it 's up to him and us to act in response to his invocation tonight . " -- Twitter user , Joe Lieberman  I-Connecticut "  Jobs bill , it better be like oh building up our infrastructure , jobs that do more than spend money for the sake of spending " -- Josh Tway on Facebook "  How does he know what it 's like to be unemployed and hurting - no clue " -- Maureen Murray on Facebook "  YES ! That is very good news ! $ 30 billion in credit for small businesses ! " -- Megan Whilden on Facebook "  The stimulus has NOT worked . We were promised unemployment would not go above 8 % . It is over 10 % now " -- Twitter user , Rep. Paul Broun  R-GA "  I support and share President Obama 's commitment to job creation , starting with small businesses " -- Twitter user , Sen. Arlen Specter  D-Pennsylvania " #SOTU Pres. Spend-A-Buck wants to convince us he 's fiscally responsible . Knew it , not buying it . " -- Twitter user Dean_L Tone of the speech "  Obama just set the tone "  never been more hopeful " Really great . #sotu " -- Twitter user zandrazuno "  told you obama was biting back tonight . he 's holding folk accountable as he should . wow he 's starting to really resemble caricatures of him " -- Twitter user JNez "  Not giving up #climatechange #healthreform nor jobs . If #sotu had soundtrack , it 'd be Tom Petty 's "  I Wo n't Back Down " " -- Twitter user jcohntnr "  Despite all the gloom & doom , Obama 's downright chummy tonight . Big smiles , smooth jokes . Too relaxed ? #SOTU " -- Twitter user davecatanese "  Obama sounds like Otter in Animal House . Well we 're not going to sit here & let you bad mouth the United States of America . " -- Twitter user JBFlint "  Oh my God , we hired a comedian . #SOTU " -- Twitter user elizabite , referring to some jokes Obama made during speech "  Obama is single-handedly trying to throw the dems on his back and get them to toughen up . Last week 's message received , loud and clear . " -- Twitter user filthyfowl "  I realize I 'm biased , but I think this #SOTU is a disaster . He 's coming off defensive , arrogant & condescending . " -- Twitter user Skitzzo Contradictions from Obama ? " #SOTU Blame Wall Street in one clause , & the next decry partisanship and division . Er , yeah . " -- Twitter user edmorrissey "  In one breath ,9 for a national energy tax that will send jobs overseas " -- Rep. Dan Burton ,  R-Indiana "  Where is Obama going to get the money for all these promises ? More national debt ?? " -- Twitter user BluegrassPundit "  Listening to Obama talk about cutting spending is like listening to a fat kid talk about dieting while eating cake #sotu " -- Twitter user franklazaro iReporter wants goals instead of promises "  Pres Obama was talking spending freeze earlier today but STOU is full of billions and billions of new spending . Can you say inconsistent ? " -- Twitter user PaulKohls The blame game "  AND ... . Bush 's Fault . Again . Grow up . You CAMPAIGNED HARD for the job . Man , I want to put him in a time out for whining . #SOTU " -- Twitter user snarkandboobs "  McCain just said "  Blaming it on Bush . " #pepaw #scarysmile #sotu " -- Twitter user mjjaaska "  You did take office in ordinary times . Things are usually going up or down . Ordinary . Get over it . #sotu " -- Twitter user JennyErikson "  ca n't he just say , "  I blame Bush for everything " and cut out like 45 min of this thing ? #sotu " -- Twitter user AdrienneRoyer Working across the aisle "  Liking what I 'm hearing from Obama tonight ... want to see more bipartisan efforts ! " -- Joshua Baron on Facebook "  Emphasizing science , techology , engineering and math is critical to our future success and that is an effort I agree with the Pres. #SOTU " -- Rep. Rob Wittman  R-Virginia "  I only hope my Republican colleagues use this moment as an opportunity to re-think their strategy of mindless obstructionism . " -- Twitter user , Sen. Chris Dodd  D-Connecticut "  thank you , no need to cower just because you do n't have a supermajority " -- Dominique Hazzard on Facebook "  If the President is serious about working together to find solutions , we remain open and eager to share our ideas . " -- Twitter user , Rep. Tom Price  R-Georgia "  Obama promoting non partisanship while delivering one of the most partisan SOTU speeches i 've heard #SOTU " -- Twitter user ScottDismuke "  Tonight was a reminder that it 's time to set aside our differences and focus on working together to restore the American Dream for families . " -- Twitter user , Rep. Russ Carnaham  D-Missouri	CNN monitored Tweets , Facebook posts by Americans , politicians during speech Users divided over whether Obama 's words will amount to action or remain just rhetoric Some questioned talk of curbing spending while announcing new initiatives Others wondered if Obama spent too much time insinuating blame on past administration
PEOPLE.com  -- The pivotal sex scene in the new "  Twilight " film , "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " is so steamy that the MPAA originally gave the film an R rating , according to its star Kristen Stewart , who says even she was shocked by what her character does between the sheets . "  There are two big sex scenes in the two -LSB- final -RSB- films , and we did them fairly early , " Stewart , 21 , tells the U.K. edition of Glamour . "  It was so weird , it did n't even feel like we were doing a scene within a ` Twilight ' film . I was like , ` Bella ! What are you doing ? Wow ! What is happening here ?! ' It was very surreal . " Off-screen , Stewart 's sex life is also of interest , particularly her relationship with "  Twilight " costar Robert Pattinson , which Glamour describes as "  likely-but-never confirmed-nor-denied . " Though the actress -- who 's currently shooting "  Snow White and the Huntsman " -- certainly is n't a fan of such attention , she seems to take it in stride . "  People can say whatever they want , " she says , calling the interest "  totally understandable . But when it 's personal to you , it 's like your life becomes a product , and I 'm repelled by that . I do n't like to give away gems that people are gon na be like , ` Oh my God ! ' So I 'll always just shrug it off . In fact , I always find it kind of funny , and not just with Rob . " Only 17 when she was first cast as Bella Swan in the "  Twilight " saga , Stewart says she 's finally starting to feel comfortable doing interviews , but that it 's "  a fair assessment " to say she often comes off as shy and nervous in public . "  I was young , not expecting it and trying way too hard to be ` not fake , ' " she says . And as far as the devotion from her fans , Stewart says it 's something she can relate to . "  There are definitely people that kind of lose it and get very emotional , " she says . "  But recently , I met -LSB- musician -RSB- Jenny Lewis , and I had the most ridiculous experience . I was so embarrassing , I could n't speak . It was eye-opening , actually . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kristen Stewart says even she was shocked by what her character does between the sheets Off-screen , Stewart 's sex life is also of interest She is currently shooting "  Snow White and the Huntsman "
President Barack Obama unveiled an aggressive new climate change strategy on Tuesday that would limit pollution from existing coal-fired power plants , and he made clear that approval of the Keystone XL pipeline depended on the project not increasing overall greenhouse gas emissions . Obama raised the two politically charged issues during a sweeping address on second-term environmental priorities that included his plan of executive actions that do n't require congressional approval in an era of partisan gridlock in Washington . He also pledged global leadership on climate change and to redouble U.S. efforts to fight it . The Georgetown University speech came as environmental constituents and climate change advocates press him to take more aggressive action and to push harder for clean energy alternatives . Obama said he was taking action for the "  sake of our children and the health and safety of all Americans , " saying new initiatives on his environmental agenda built around clean-energy industry and policy will spur the economy and leave a cleaner planet for future generations . "  We can do all of that as long as we do n't fear the future and instead we seize it , " Obama said , adding that his plan was a signal to the world that America would take bold action to reduce carbon pollution . Obama pledged in 2009 the United States would cut greenhouse gas emissions by 17 % of 2005 levels by 2020 . Environmentalists have said decisive action was necessary to make that goal possible with a major legislative effort in Congress failing in Obama 's first term . The president again said that U.S. energy strategy must be more than producing more petroleum , reviving his call for eliminating tax breaks for "  big oil . " "  We ca n't drill our way out of the energy and climate challenges that we face , " he said , a familiar Democratic sentiment on energy policy . Obama cautioned that the impact of his plan would be felt over time , but now is the moment to further prepare the nation to reduce carbon pollution and protect Americans from climate change . "  The world still looks for the United States to lead , " he said , noting that the United States is the world 's largest economy and the second-largest carbon emitter . "  We have a vital role to play , " he said . Obama said the United States must use less "  dirty energy , " waste less , and transition to cleaner sources , and redouble efforts to reach a new global agreement to reduce carbon emissions with "  concrete action " that is ambitious , inclusive and flexible . He said the United States must "  strengthen our position " as a natural gas producer , which he said is producing jobs , lowering power bills , and over time would help the country transition to cleaner energy overall , including wind and solar power applications . And Obama said he does n't have much patience for those who say there 's no proof of man-made climate change . "  We do n't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society , " he said . Americans having their say on divisive Keystone pipeline plan Keystone pipeline On the sensitive prospect of the Canada-to-Texas Keystone pipeline , Obama said it would only come about if its development would be in the nation 's best interest . And that , he said , would be served if the project does not significantly worsen carbon pollution . "  The net effect on our climate will be absolutely critical in determining whether this project will be allowed to go forward , " he said . The State Department is in the final stages of reviewing the proposal that has contributed to the political stalemate in Washington . Proponents of the pipeline , many of them Republicans that Obama is looking to compromise with on key issues , say Keystone will enable U.S. energy independence , create jobs and develop important industrial infrastructure . Opinion : The real , and dirty , Obama scandal Among detractors are some of Obama 's traditional allies , who were instrumental in getting him elected twice . They say the massive pipeline effort is dangerous , inherently filthy and must be stopped . In a lengthy study , the State Department has weighed in on the side of proponents . But the Environmental Protection Agency has blasted environmental impact assessments . The Canadian crude that would flow through the Keystone pipeline is mixed with sand in its raw form . Environmental experts say extracting oil and transporting it requires more energy than pumping crude out of a well . Pushing it through pipes increases the energy consumption as well . That higher energy use leads to greater greenhouse gas emissions , an increase of "  18.7 million metric tons  20 million tons  C02 ... per year when compared to an equal amount of U.S. average crudes , " the EPA said . Coal plants The Obama administration created regulations for newly built coal plants during the president 's first term . On Tuesday , he issued directives requiring the EPA to establish carbon pollution standards for plants that are already active . The administration is not laying out new standards on its own . Instead , it plans to work with industry , states , labor and other interest groups to develop them . Obama directed the EPA to come up with a detailed draft proposal by June 2014 and a finalized version one year later . Environmental groups have been calling on Obama to issue such regulations on coal plants , the largest source of carbon emissions in the United States . Obama argued that the benefits of reduced carbon emissions will far outweigh the costs of implementing new rules . Critics have said new regulations could damage the economy . Construction of new coal plants has slowed in part due to EPA regulations . "  The impact could be economic havoc , " Luke Popovich , a spokesman for the National Mining Association , which represents the coal industry , told CNNMoney earlier this year . Coal is used to produce about 40 % of the nation 's electricity . Hal Quinn , president and chief executive of the National Mining Association , told Congress last week that U.S. exports of coal are becoming an increasingly large share of the economy . Last year , he said , exports added $ 16.6 billion to the economy and supported 168,430 jobs . While the administration has not given a cost-benefit analysis of its new plan , the Natural Resources Defense Council  NRDC  , a large environmental action group , estimates it would cost $ 4 billion to comply with new regulations on coal power plants , but the economy would see anywhere from $ 25 to $ 60 billion in benefits . A large part of the benefit comes from reduced health care costs . Carbon pollution is known for contributing to higher rates of asthma , as well as other possible illnesses . Republican reaction was swift with the GOP 's political arm in Virginia rolling out its claim of Obama 's "  war on coal . " As part of the gubernatorial campaign , it quickly released a "  robo call " initiative in the southwestern part of the state describing Democratic support for "  job-killing policies . " Obama 's second term could look like his first Frustration with Obama Many environmentalists will likely embrace the president 's proposals on climate change even though he pushed through sharp cuts in car and truck emissions during his first term . Activists have expressed frustration with the administration in the past , saying Obama has n't worked with a strong sense of urgency on the issue since taking office even though he pushed forward a sweeping plan to reduce car emissions and fuel use . While the idea of long-term climate change is a controversial notion politically , it 's accepted as fact by most researchers and Obama . A March poll from Gallup indicated nearly half -- 47 % -- of Americans think the U.S. government is doing too little to protect the environment , while 35 % said the government was doing the right amount and 16 % said it was doing too much . The president offered renewed hope to the environmental community -- but fears among the coal mining industry and concerns among climate change skeptics -- in his inauguration speech and State of the Union address this year . He robustly signaled he would do more to combat climate change during his second term . And again last week , during a speech at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin , Obama urged countries to work together to fight the "  global threat of our time . " Opinion : Climate change is real Opinion : When crocodiles roamed the poles	Obama outlines second-term environmental priorities in address on climate change He directs EPA to establish carbon pollution standards for plants Texas-to-Canada Keystone pipeline in final stages of government review March poll : 47 % think the government is doing too little to protect the environment
CNN  -- U.S. military forces landed at a compound in Pakistan to battle targets linked to recent attacks on U.S. troops in Afghanistan , a senior U.S. official confirmed Wednesday . Security in the South Waziristan area of Pakistan has deteriorated in recent years . The official declined to be identified , citing the extreme sensitivity of U.S. forces operating within Pakistan 's borders . The action was an uncommon one for the U.S. military . Generally , NATO forces do not enter Pakistan except when pursuing insurgents in Afghanistan who slipped over the border or , in an extreme case , to pursue a high-value target . The Pentagon has refused to comment officially on the attack , but several defense officials acknowledged that U.S. military activity had taken place inside Pakistan . The senior U.S. official said a small number of U.S. helicopters landed troops in the village near Angoor Adda in South Waziristan , where Taliban and al Qaeda fighters have hunkered down over the years . Local media reports said the troops came out of a chopper and fired on civilians . The U.S. official said there may have been a small number of women and children in the immediate vicinity , but when the mission began "  everybody came out firing " from the compound . He said the U.S. troops specifically attacked three buildings in the compound . They were believed to contain individuals responsible for training and equipping insurgents who have been crossing the border into Afghanistan in increasing numbers in recent months and staging large-scale , high-profile attacks against U.S. and coalition forces . The official could not say if the troops were going after a specific individual . Officials told CNN there was no indication the target was Osama bin Laden or his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday lodged a protest against U.S.-led coalition and NATO forces for what it said was a "  helicopter-borne ground attack " from Afghanistan into Pakistan , an uncommon tactic in the coalition 's fight against militants along the violent border . The coalition and NATO have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Pakistan over the years , saying it is not being proactive enough against militants , a claim denied by Pakistan -- now in political flux after the resignation of President Pervez Musharraf . Top U.S. and Pakistani military officials last week met on an aircraft carrier regarding American concerns that Pakistan has n't been cracking down hard enough on the Taliban . Several times this year , U.S.-operated drone aircraft launched attacks inside Pakistan The Pakistani Foreign Ministry described the strike as "  a helicopter-borne ground attack supported by air assets based in Afghanistan " and called it a "  gross violation of Pakistan territory . " Pakistani officials were still counting the casualties . One local official said the raid left 20 civilians dead . Pakistan military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said seven civilians died and others were critically injured . "  It is , indeed , most unfortunate that coalition/ISAF in Afghanistan have resorted to cross-border use of force against civilians , " the Pakistan Foreign Ministry said in a written statement . ISAF is NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry spokesman said the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan was summoned to provide an explanation of the incident . "  Such actions are counterproductive and certainly do not help our joint efforts to fight terrorism , " the ministry said . "  On the contrary , they undermine the very basis of cooperation and may fuel the fire of hatred and violence that we are trying to extinguish . Moreover , any attack on Pakistani territory is unacceptable and constitutes a grave provocation . " Owais Ahmed Ghani , the administrative head of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , called the strike "  a direct assault on the sovereignty of Pakistan . And the people of Pakistan expect that the Armed Forces of Pakistan would rise to defend the sovereignty of the country and give a befitting reply to all such attacks . "	NEW : Assault targeted compound in area linked to Taliban , al Qaeda NEW : Individuals in compound suspected of helping Afghan attacks Pakistani reports say from seven to 20 civilians killed in raid Pakistan calls on U.S. ambassador to explain attack
Bangkok  CNN  -- The distraught mother of a 13-year-old girl raped and thrown from a sleeper train en route to Bangkok has told of her daughter 's dreams for the future , amid angry calls for a mandatory death penalty for child rapists . "  She wanted to be an angel , she wanted to be an air hostess , " her mother said of Nong Kaem . "  If she was still here I would do everything to support her , but now I have nothing left . " Kaem 's sister , one of two who was traveling with her on the overnight train from southern Thailand on Saturday , wrote on Facebook of her guilt at not being able to protect her . "  Kaem , I am so sorry that I failed to look after you . I am a terrible sister . Please forgive me , " she wrote , according to the Bangkok Post . Journey turned to horror It was Kaem 's first time on a train . She was returning from the city of Surat Thai with her two sisters and one of their boyfriends to the Thai capital Bangkok , a popular route for tourists going to and from the country 's popular southern beaches . They were sharing a sleeping carriage , and turned in for the night . By the morning Kaem was gone . Police searched the train and the track as the teenager 's frantic family turned to the media for help in finding her . Three days later , her body was found naked near the track ; she 'd been raped , suffocated and tossed out of a window by her attacker who told police he had been drinking and was high on methamphetamine , according to Police Major General Thanet Soonthornsuk . Tracked down by phone Police named Kaem 's alleged murderer as 22-year-old railway employee Wanchai Saengkhao . They said he confessed to the crime after he was tracked down via his victim 's mobile phone . Wanchai sold the girl 's phone to a shop owner in Bangkok , who took a copy of his I.D. which was later passed to police . Police said Wanchai admitted carrying the sleeping child to another carriage where he raped and strangled her , before throwing her lifeless body out the window as the train passed through the Pranburi District in Prachuabkirikan Province . Wanchai has been charged with murder , rape of a child under 15 years old and theft , police said . He faces possible execution for the murder charge , but activists are using the case to call for tougher charges for child rape , which currently carries a jail term of four to 20 years and a fine of up to 40,000 baht  $ 1,200  . Rage vented online The reaction on social media was swift and scathing as angry Thais bombarded Wanchai 's Facebook page with abusive messages . The page is no longer available . Junta leader , army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha , expressed his sorrow , and the former transport minister , Chatchart Sitthipan , said he took the blame for failing to do more when he was in charge of the railway . "  It is the worst news in many years for the State Railway of Thailand and the Ministry of Transport . I feel that I am also responsible for this event , because I did not do my job well enough when I was the Minister , " Chatchart said . As word spread that Kaem had gone missing , Thai actress and former Miss Thailand , Panadda Wongphudee , posted a message on Instagram urging people to back a campaign to change the law under the slogan , "  Rape , will be executed . " A Change.org petition was set up calling for the tougher penalties -- "  no more sentence reduction , parole or pardon " -- which at the time of writing had more than 25,000 signatories . There were also calls for State Railway of Thailand governor Prapas Chongsanguan to step down , as officials scrambled to assure passengers the trains were safe . A ban would be slapped on the sale of alcohol on all trains , they said , and background checks would be stepped up for all employees . Are new laws the answer ? Amid the anger , some called for calm . "  We have to listen to this news with full consciousness . To design or change a law base on emotions and hatred will never produce effective law . It will only promote more hatred in society , " said Dejudom Krairit , Chairman of Lawyers Council of Thailand . Writing in the Bangkok Post , columnist Sanitsuda Ekachai said : "  I seriously doubt if the angry calls for the death penalty as the only punishment for child rapists and rapists/murderers will make our society any safer . "  These calls stem from the belief that this heinous crime was possible because the punishment is not heavy enough . This is not new . We hear such calls every time a shocking rape or murder happens . " Violence against women : By the numbers 3 suspects confess to gang-raping girls in India	Nong Kaem vanished while riding night train to Bangkok Body found three days later by the track ; she 'd been raped , police said 22-year-old railway employee charged with rape and murder Campaign calls for tougher penalties including mandatory death sentence for rape
EW.com  -- Dwayne Johnson has long been rumored to play a character in Warner Bros ' rapidly expanding DC movie universe . In a surprising revelation happening days before the yearly Casting Revelation Geek Orgy known as Comic-Con , Johnson appeared to confirm his participation in the DC franchise . "  DC and I have been talking for a couple of years now , " said the Hercules star , clearly excited to talk about anything besides Hercules . "  There 's a character out there that we 're gon na announce really soon , that I 'm gon na play . " EW : ` Justice League ' movie to follow ` Batman/Superman ' in 2018 "  Announce really soon " could mean "  at Comic-Con " or it could mean "  in the next year " or it could mean "  actually never . " But what 's even more interesting is that Johnson appeared to confirm specifically which character he 'd be playing . After first explaining that he would not be playing Green Lantern -- even though he badly wanted to incarnate the John Stewart version of the emerald superhero -- Johnson notes that he 's playing someone with "  the power of Superman . " He concludes : "  Just say the word . That 's all I 'm gon na say . " EW : Warner Bros. superhero release schedule reportedly released : We 've got thoughts "  Power of Superman " is a clue ; so is "  just say the word . " As comic book fans know , the character originally known as Captain Marvel essentially has Superman-level abilities -- abilities that are activated when he says the word "  Shazam ! " So did the Rock just offer a clear tease that he 'll be donning some version of Captain Marvel 's red-and-yellow outfit ? If so , it 's likely that the film will feature some kind of Big twist : In the original comics , Captain Marvel is the grown-up alter ego of young Billy Batson . So the search is on for someone who can believably play a younger version of Dwayne Johnson . Warner Bros. had no official comment when contacted by EW , although it 's worth pointing out that there is a rumored Shazam movie on the horizon for 2016 . Watch Johnson in the video below , inadvertently providing us with further proof that Fast & Furious has become the Nexus of All Action Movie Franchises , just like the M'Kraan Crystal , or whatever DC 's version of the M'Kraan Crystal is . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Johnson appeared to confirm his participation in the DC franchise He said there 's an announcement coming soon Warner Bros. had no official comment
CNN  -- Facebook seems to be taking a beating these days . But guess what ? That 's actually good news . The world 's most famous social media company 's plummeting share price  from $ 38 on its first trading day to $ 19 today  is an indicator that we are not in a bubble , as investors refuse to buy into the temptation to blow tech offerings out of proportion . You know you are in a bubble when stocks soar regardless of intrinsic quality . Far from it , the current market is one of Dickensian realism : the best of times and the worst of times . Apple 's value has soared because it has a clear and wildly profitable strategy . Facebook , Groupon and Zynga sank because their strategies are unconvincing . Put another way , companies with solid revenue models are richly rewarded while companies foolish enough to go public before proving their model are punished . It 's worth noting the companies that have not gone public . Unlike Facebook , Twitter remains private while it continues to refine its business model . Enterprise social network company Yammer sold itself to Microsoft because its founders realized that a sale was the only way to get the resources needed for growth without the risks and distractions inherent in going public . Facebook 's wounds are self-inflicted . The company did a poor job of managing its investor growth and was forced to go public because of Securities and Exchange Commission rules governing companies with assets of more than $ 1 billion and more than 500 shareholders . Facebook compounded its misery by setting its IPO price too high and offering too many shares . Imagine telling Facebook underwriters and founder Mark Zuckerberg : "  You can either sell a lot of shares at a lower price or fewer shares at a higher price . Make a choice . " Apparently the answer was : "  We 'll take both . " The consequence was more shares , and more expensive shares , than the market could absorb . Facebook thought that user popularity would translate to investor appeal and counted on its members to buy shares in the IPO . This is what is known as the "  Disneyland effect : " A family visits Disneyland , has a wonderful time and in the glow of memory when they return home , the parents purchase a few shares , which they then hold forever . The Disneyland effect did n't work for Facebook for two reasons . First , ordinary investors are still gun-shy after the 2008 market crash and not yet comfortable buying stocks in any volume . This left only professional investors whose purchase decision was unlikely to be swayed by how much they like using Facebook to keep up with friends and family . Worse yet , I think Facebook has overestimated its own popularity . There is a difference between using Facebook and loving Facebook . The company has repeatedly annoyed its users with everything from privacy policy waffles to aggressive ad placements . Facebook is the Microsoft of social media ; used by everyone but truly loved by few . Facebook resembles Microsoft in other ways as well . Facebook 's interface is nearly as clunky and inelegant as Windows , and like Microsoft , Facebook is struggling to migrate off the desktop and follow its users onto mobile platforms like smartphones and tablets . Unfortunately , Facebook 's revenue model depends on ample screen real estate in order to please advertisers without annoying users . Ads that can be tolerated on a laptop become a major annoyance when hogging scarce and valuable space on a smartphone . Of course Facebook can get its groove back and it must start with leadership . Calls for Zuckerberg to resign as CEO are premature and pointless , given his iron grip on voting power . But Zuck must match Facebook 's growth with his own personal growth as a leader and strategist and must do it quickly . Facebook also needs more talent . When I visited Facebook 's campus two days before its May IPO , the company had 1.5 billion users , $ 3.7 billion 2011 revenues , and less than 3,000 employees . That is n't lean ; it 's anorexic . I believe that many of Facebook 's stumbles , including its smartphone failure , are due to the simple fact that it has too few people to implement its current strategies . In this respect , Facebook 's weak stock value is an advantage as it can offer new hires options at prices comparable to pre-IPO rates . Facebook 's stumble is not evidence of a bursting bubble . The market may be punishing the company today , but if Facebook can refocus and deliver , investors will be more than willing to reward it down the road . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Saffo .	Paul Saffo : Facebook 's plummeting share price indicates that we are not in a bubble Saffo : The current market is one of Dickensian realism , the best and worst of times He says Facebook confused user popularity with market appeal Saffo : While Facebook 's wounds are self-inflicted , it can get back on track
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After more than 18 years on the nation 's highest court , Supreme Court Justice David Souter is retiring , a source close to Souter told CNN Thursday . David Souter has served more than 18 years on the Supreme Court . Souter will leave after the current court term recesses in June , the source said . Filling Souter 's seat would be President Barack Obama 's first Supreme Court appointment -- and the first since George W. Bush 's picks of Samuel Alito in 2006 and Chief Justice John Roberts in 2005 . Souter , 69 , was tapped for the court by President George H.W. Bush in 1990 , but disappointed many conservatives when he turned out to be a typical old-fashioned Yankee Republican -- a moderate , with an independent , even quirky streak . Souter 's departure will leave the two oldest justices -- and the most liberal -- still on the bench . Retirements for John Paul Stevens , 89 , and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , 76 , have been rumored for years , with many expecting that one or the other would be the first to give a new Democratic president a Supreme Court vacancy . Souter 's decision came as something of a surprise , although he has long been known to prefer the quiet of his New Hampshire farmhouse to the bustle of the nation 's capital . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Souter will leave after the current court term recesses in June , source says Souter 's replacement would be President Obama 's first Supreme Court appointment Souter , 69 , was tapped by President George H.W. Bush , disappointed conservatives Souter 's departure will leave the two oldest justices still on the bench
CNN  -- Been thinking about wrestlers . No , not about Hulk Hogan or Andre the Giant or The Rock . I mean real wrestlers . Wrestlers who wrestle for real . Wrestlers who wo n't wrestle in the 2020 Olympic Games if the International Olympic Committee drop kicks their sport . It was revealed Tuesday that the IOC is giving serious thought to the elimination of wrestling from Olympic competition . Been thinking about Steve Fraser . He was a deputy sheriff from Ann Arbor , Michigan , when I watched him in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics on the night he became the first American ever to win a medal in Greco-Roman wrestling . It was shiny . It was gold . "  Knowing me , " he said , "  I 'll probably have it bronzed . " Been thinking about Joe Williams . Wrestling may be cut from Olympic Games He was a high school and college wrestling champion from Harvey , Illinois , who was 29 when he finally made it to an Olympic Games . He went to Athens in 2004 . He dedicated it to his older brother Steve , a former wrestler who died of heart failure right outside Joe 's house in 2003 . Joe did his best but did not win a medal . "  I do n't care . It was still worth it , " he told me . "  Every long , hard minute from Day 1 . " Been thinking about Clarissa Chun . She -- yes , she -- is a wrestler . A mere 4 feet , 11 inches tall .  Women 's wrestling became an Olympic sport in 2004 .  Chun was a kindergarten teacher from Honolulu , the daughter of a Japanese-American mom and a Chinese-American dad . She defeated a seven-time national champion in the U.S. trials in 2008 . Then she went to the 2012 London Olympics and got herself a bronze medal . Also been thinking a little bigger . Been thinking about Rulon Gardner , of course . He bulked up to 475 pounds before NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser " invited him to be a contestant . But before that , he stunned the 11-time world champion , Aleksandr Karelin , to become the super-sized Cinderella of the 2000 Sydney Olympics . I was in Indianapolis on the 2004 day when ol' Rulon qualified for the Olympics once more ... after a motorcycle crash , after dislocating a wrist in a pick-up basketball game and after a snowmobile misadventure led to a case of frostbite and the loss of a toe . Why keep wrestling ? "  To be able to represent us in the greatest sport in the world ... the oldest sport in the world ? " Rulon replied . "  To get to do that ? Wow . " Wow , for sure . That was my reaction Tuesday and the reaction from wrestlers everywhere -- a "  nightmare , " the former collegiate king of the mat , Dan Gable , described it in one interview -- at the IOC 's proposal  not yet a done deal  that certain sports are to be abandoned by 2020 , with wrestling among those on the hit list . Somewhere among the gods , Hercules weeps . You might not know your Greco from your Roman , but it was 708 B.C. when wrestling was a part of the first Olympics , historians tell us . And it was 1896 when the so-called "  Modern Olympics " were born ... and , yes , wrestling was there in Athens that summer as well . It is hand-to-hand combat in its essence . A fight with civility . It is global activity . Afghanistan and Austria have competed in Olympic wrestling , as have Belgium and Bolivia , and Cambodia and Cameroon , and Macedonia and Mongolia , and so many more . Do you have any idea how many Olympic wrestling medals have been won by athletes from Finland and Sweden ? Take a guess . Six ? 10 ? Try 167 . Bulgaria has won 68 Olympic medals in this sport . Bulgarians do n't wait around much to see how their athletes do in Olympic figure-skating or tennis or synchronized swimming . But in wrestling , Bulgarians kick butt . The Olympic Games are n't just for sports superpowers , not just for Russia and China and the USA , USA ! Egypt has won golds in Olympic wrestling . I 'll bet an Egyptian today would say , hey , if you want to drop something , drop badminton , drop beach volleyball . Leave wrestling be . As for these United States of America , well , you can prattle on about Michael Phelps or Bruce Jenner or Muhammad Ali or any other famed Olympian we have produced , but keep in mind this : Our wrestlers have won 50 golds . And 125 medals in all . That mat meant every bit as much to them as that pool did to Ryan Lochte , as that gym apparatus did to Gabby Douglas , as that hardwood floor did to Kobe Bryant . Wrestlers are human , man . If you pin them , do they not bleed ? I am thinking of scholastic wrestlers all over the globe who starve themselves to make weight , devote countless hours to training for a match , learn every hold and every escape . Most do n't dream of selling out Madison Square Garden some day . They do often fantasize about ducking their heads to have a necklace with a medallion draped around their necks . High school wrestling has been the stuff of literature and cinema , from "  The World According to Garp " to "  Win Win . " It has been a part of many a young man 's formative years . It has now become part of a 21st century young woman 's world as well . Without it , we do n't have young Jeff Blatnick of Niskayuna , New York , growing up to beat cancer and beat his opponent in the 1984 super-heavyweight gold-medal match , quite a feat for a kid who had his spleen and appendix taken out . We do n't have Steve Fraser , a night earlier , caressing his gold medal with one hand , his pregnant wife with the other , and inviting a reporter  me  , "  Hey , come on over to the hotel . We 'll be partying all night ! " Because there wo n't be any Olympic wrestlers any more . Not if the IOC goes through with this preposterous proposition . Ca n't we talk these people out of it ? Grant them some 2020 hindsight ? I do think we can convince them , and I 'm pretty sure that I know how . Twist their arms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : Committee proposes dropping wrestling from 2020 Summer Games He says wrestlers have had lives raised up and have exalted their nations at the Olympics He says wrestling goes back to the very first games in 708 B.C. Downey : Young wrestlers will lose important goal ; Olympic committee should reconsider
A Texas woman got a quadruple Valentine 's Day gift this year , giving birth to four babies -- two sets of identical twins . Ace , Blaine , Cash and Dylan Montalvo were born at the Woman 's Hospital of Texas in Houston to Tressa Montalvo , 36 , and her husband , Manuel , 43 , of Houston . Ace and Blaine were first , born at 8:51 a.m. and weighing 3 pounds , 10 ounces , and 3 pounds , 15 ounces , respectively , the hospital said . Cash and Dylan were a minute later and weighed 2 pounds , 15 ounces and 3 pounds , 6 ounces . All four were born by cesarean section . "  We tried to stick to the A-B-C-D theme when naming them , " Tressa Montalvo said in a statement the hospital released . The twins were not the result of fertility treatments , the hospital said . Tressa Montalvo learned she was carrying twins at 10 weeks . A third heartbeat was found at a later doctor 's visit , and the Montalvos were referred to a maternal fetal medicine specialist , Dr. Brian Kirshon . "  We could n't have been more surprised when Dr. Kirshon told us we were having four babies and that they were two sets of twins , " Manuel Montalvo said . Each pair of twins shared a placenta , the hospital said . Identical twins result when a fertilized egg splits into two embryos . Twins occur in about 2 % of all pregnancies , according to the University of Pennsylvania Health System . Of those , 30 % are identical twins . The odds of having two sets of twins at once is about 1 in 70 million , said Dr. Alan Penzias , associate professor of obstetrics , gynecology and reproductive biology at Harvard Medical School . The boys were all born at 31 weeks ' gestation , so they face some health risks , as their immune systems are n't fully developed , said Krista Cato , a nurse in the pediatric intensive care unit of Children 's National Medical Center in Washington . Manuel Montalvo said he and his wife were trying to have "  one little brother or sister " for their 2-year-old son , Memphis . "  We did n't expect it , " Tressa Montalvo said . "  We were trying for just one and we were blessed with four . ... We planned the pregnancy -- I guess we just succeeded a little too much . " Still , the Montalvos say , they are planning on trying again . "  We want a girl , " Manuel Montalvo said .	Ace , Blaine , Cash and Dylan Montalvo were born on Valentine 's Day They were not the result of fertility treatments , hospital says Identical twins result when a fertilized egg splits into two embryos
A year since a tornado destroyed a third of Joplin , Missouri , three iReporters revisit the scenes of destruction they witnessed in May 2011 and reflect on the recovery process . Jennifer Parr had heard the sirens and knew the tornado was coming . The college student barely made it out of town to her parents ' house before the storm touched down that Sunday . She returned the next day to document the wreckage . "  My house is still standing , but all the windows are busted out , and my belongings have been strewn all over the house . The fencing around my yard is destroyed , " she told iReport . "  My house is located in southwest Joplin , three blocks away from the hospital that took a direct hit and three blocks away from houses that were completely leveled . It 's just unreal . " May 23 , 2011 : Jennifer Parr talks about the deadly tornado that hit Joplin , Missouri After spending the past year living with her parents and grandfather , she and her dog will move into a new place next month . Last year , she could n't imagine how the town would recover . Today , she says , Joplin set a standard for disaster recovery . "  The business district looks like almost as if nothing had ever happened there . It 's been really amazing how fast some of the recovery has happened , " she said . "  It gives you hope for the future . " Spirit of Joplin Grant Deardorff was at home with his pregnant wife and year-old son just north of Joplin , hoping the predicted tornado would n't strike . After they knew they were safe , "  I just had a feeling I need to go to town and bring my camera and either be prepared to take pictures or help people , " he told iReport at the time . Deardorff , a community manager for the American Cancer Society , spent the first weeks after the tornado helping remove debris and assisting friends . On nights and weekends throughout the summer , he documented the aftermath in photos , piecing together the magnitude of what had happened . And then , for a long time , he did n't want to look anymore . "  Quickly , it became a little too much for me emotionally , " he said . "  After I was done taking the pictures , I did n't want to think about them for a while . There was so much pain and loss . " Then and now : Grant Deardorff 's photos from the tornado aftermath By March , as he saw victims rebuilding and looking forward , he felt ready to revisit the area as a photographer . He compiled photos and stories from the Joplin tornado in a digital book called "  The Heart of Joplin . " He plans to donate $ 5 from the sale of each book to two Joplin nonprofits . Deardorff said the images of the aftermath "  remind us of how much work Joplin has done to rebuild itself over the past year and how the spirit of Joplin overcame such a terrible disaster . " Hard to go back to work Zachary Tusinger watched the tornado move in from the roof of his apartment building . A few hours later , he learned that his aunt and uncle were killed . Many friends were without homes . It was hard for the young attorney to go back to work after that . Sitting behind a desk just did n't feel right , he said . Within a few months , Tusinger switched jobs to work exclusively with tornado victims as an Equal Justice Works AmeriCorps legal fellow with Legal Aid of Western Missouri . As much as the town has recovered , the tornado still comes up in nearly every conversation . "  Even though we 're a year out , we 're still only a year out . There 's still a lot of shadows or remnants of what happened that day , " he said on the anniversary of the tornado . "  It 's very hard to go through the day without thinking of the tornado or seeing some sign of the tornado or talking to someone that was affected by the tornado . "	iReporters revisit the scenes of Joplin destruction The pace of recovery "  gives you hope for the future , " one iReporter says Shadows and remnants of the storm remain
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It wo n't be your imagination if the moon looks bigger and brighter Friday night , like "  a cosmic flood lamp . " NASA says the moon will appear up to 14 percent larger and 30 percent brighter . Every few years , a full moon coincides with the point in the satellite 's elliptical orbit that brings it closest to the center of the Earth . Friday night , the moon will be fully illuminated just four hours after reaching that point , according to a feature story on the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Web site . The moon will appear up to 14 percent larger and 30 percent brighter than "  lesser full moons we 've seen earlier in 2008 , " NASA says -- provided it is being viewed in a clear sky . At the moon 's closest approach -- the orbital perigee -- it is about 30,000 miles  48,000 kilometers  closer to Earth than at the other extreme -- the apogee -- the space agency says . The full moon , as always , will seem largest when it is near the horizon , as it rises and sets , "  but it 's really just an optical illusion , " said NASA spokesman J.D. Harrington . When the moon shines directly overhead , he said , it 's hard to tell the difference in size . On its Web site , NASA notes that "  for reasons not fully understood by astronomers or psychologists , low-hanging moons look unnaturally large when they beam through trees , buildings and other foreground objects . " "  If you go outside around midnight , " NASA says , the moon "  will be close to overhead and act like a cosmic flood lamp . " As the moon goes through its orbit every month , the distance from its center to the center of the Earth averages about 239,000 miles  384,600 kilometers  . Friday evening the distance will be about 222,000 miles  357,300 kilometers  . An alignment of the full moon and the orbital perigee occurs at most once in 1 1/2 years , and Harrington says this year 's phenomena should n't be much different from previous ones . The moon 's brightness always varies with its distance from Earth , but having the full face of the moon illuminated emphasizes that variation . The close approach of the moon and having the moon , Earth and Sun lined up -- as happens twice a month -- bring higher-than-normal ocean tides , so it is no surprise that having both at once means even higher tides . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says the difference will be minimal . In most places the tide will be just an inch or so  a few centimeters  higher than normal "  spring " tides , those that come with the new or full moon . Some locations might see a difference of up to 6 inches  15 centimeters  , it says .	Full moon will look bigger , brighter Friday because it is closer to Earth NASA says moon will seem largest when it is near the horizon Around midnight , NASA says , moon will look like "  a cosmic flood lamp "
CNN  -- Explorer Robert Falcon Scott died in 1912 while crossing Antarctica , but his story lives on in artifacts that continue to be discovered on the frozen continent at the bottom of the world . The most recent find : a century-old photographer 's notebook in the ice at one of Scott 's expedition bases in Antarctica . The notebook belonged to George Murray Levick , a surgeon and photographer who was part of Scott 's 1910-13 expedition . It contains pencil notes about photos he took in 1911 at Cape Adare . "  It 's an exciting find , " said Nigel Watson , director of the Antarctic Heritage Trust . "  The notebook is a missing part of the official expedition record . After spending seven years conserving Scott 's last expedition building and collection , we are delighted to still be finding new artifacts . " The notebook was found in January 2013 at another Scott camp , the Cape Evans base , after the summer snow melt around a building exposed it , said Paula Granger , communications manager for the trust . Notebook painstakingly conserved After 100 years in the ice , the notebook 's binding had dissolved , and the pages were stuck together . The trust hired Aline Leclercq , a paper conservator , to separate and clean the pages , which were digitally recorded . The notebook was rebuilt and sewn back together using cover remnants , the trust said . The remarks in the notebook refer to photos now held by the Scott Polar Research Institute . "  You can marry up what he 's written down with the pictures , " Granger said . Once the notebook was conserved , it was returned to Antarctica , Granger said . It 's one of 11,000 artifacts at Cape Evans . Scott died in March 1912 Scott was a British explorer who became famous during what historians call the heroic age of Antarctic exploration . He arrived at the South Pole in January 1912 to discover that his rival , Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen , had beaten him to the spot by an estimated 33 days . Scott and several comrades died in March 1912 during the return journey . The trust said Levick was a member of a group of six men called the Northern Party , which spent the summer at Cape Adare but survived the 1912 winter in a snow cave before going to Cape Evans . In December , New Zealand 's Antarctic Heritage Trust reported finding 100-year-old negatives in one of Scott 's huts . The photos were taken during Ernest Shackleton 's 1914-17 Ross Sea Party , another failed exploration whose members were forced to live in Scott 's hut after their ship blew out to sea .	Notebook of photographer George Murray Levick found in the ice New Zealand 's Antarctic Heritage Trust conserved the notebook It provides information about many photos taken of Robert Scott 's expedition Scott was a British explorer during the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration
CNN  -- A wildfire that has raged for days in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula has destroyed 97 structures -- including a motel , a store and 34 homes . The Duck Lake Fire has burned more than 22,000 acres and is still going despite recent rains , the Michigan Department of Natural Resources reported on its website . The state agency estimated Monday the blaze is about 51 % contained , thanks to progress made by firefighters in maintaining a firm perimeter . Crews have about 40 miles of firelines set up to control the situation , including 6 miles along the shore of Lake Superior . But a lack of roads in the area has complicated efforts . The fire 's south end is about 14 miles north of Newberry and 7 miles west of the Yahquamenon Falls State Park campgrounds . Lightning sparked the wildfire late Wednesday afternoon , leaving firefighters little time to contain it before dark . The flames picked up significantly the next day , fanned by strong winds and high temperatures . Since then , the wildfire has taken its toll . While noting that the entire affected area has not been surveyed , the state department said at least 97 structures on 39 different properties have been "  lost " due to the blaze . Dry conditions have exacerbated the fire danger throughout the region . On Friday , Gov. Rick Snyder banned outdoor burning in 49 counties in northern Michigan in hopes of preventing wildfires .	The Duck Lake Fire is raging in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula It has destroyed 34 homes , a hotel , a store and other structures , the state says The blaze has burned over 22,000 acres since starting last week
CNN  -- North Korea reiterated its call Monday for a resumption of six-party talks without preconditions , its state-run news agency reported from Pyongyang . The call follows a rare visit to the United States by North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kae-Gwan , who met with senior U.S. officials last week . It was the first direct meeting between North Korean and U.S. officials since North Korea pulled out of six-party talks in 2008 . In addition to the United States and North Korea , the six-party talks involved China , Japan , Russia and South Korea . The goal was nuclear disarmament on the Korean peninsula . North Korea has called for the resumption of six-party talks without preconditions before . The United States and South Korea , however , have insisted on some tangible demonstration that North Korea is serious about denuclearization . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said recently , for example , that the United States hoped to determine in its meetings with the North Korean foreign minister whether North Korea is ready to "  take concrete and irreversible steps toward denuclearization . "	A senior North Korean official made a rare visit to the United States last week North Korea wants to resume six-party talks on nuclear disarmament The North wants those talks to resume without preconditions The U.S. and South Korea want the North to show first that it 's serious about disarmament
CNN  -- The United States must position itself to lead in a world "  where security is shaped in boardrooms and on trading floors -- as well as on battlefields , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will say Friday in a major economics and foreign policy speech in New York . Economic forces , Clinton will say , are transforming foreign policy realities around the globe . "  We have seen governments toppled by economic crisis , " a text of the Secretary 's remarks released by the State Department on the eve of the speech reads . "  Revolutions born in a Tunisian marketplace have swept across an entire region . Europe faces its strongest test in a generation , thanks to recession and debt . And everywhere I travel , I see countries gaining influence not because of the size of their armies , but because of the growth of their economies . " Clinton will say she is updating U.S. foreign policy priorities to include economics "  every step of the way , " suggesting the United States should take a cue from the leaders of emerging powers like India and Brazil who put economics at the center of their foreign policies . "  When their leaders approach a foreign policy challenge -- just as when they approach a domestic challenge -- one of the first questions they ask is , ` how will this affect our economic growth ? ' " the text of the speech says . "  We need to be asking the same question -- not because the answer will dictate our foreign policy choices , but because it must be a significant part of the equation . " In the address before the Economic Club of New York , the fourth in a series of speeches Secretary Clinton is giving on economics and foreign policy , she will say the world 's "  strategic and economic center of gravity is shifting east " and the United States is focusing more on the Asia-Pacific region . "  One of America 's great successes of the past century was to build a strong network of relationships and institutions across the Atlantic , " she says . "  One of our great projects in this century will be to do the same across the Pacific . " The United States should help other countries find economic solutions to strategic challenges , especially in the Middle East and North Africa , she says . "  We need a sophisticated effort to integrate the region 's economies , promote investment and assist in economic modernization . The Arab political Awakening must also be an economic awakening . " Clinton takes aim at Americans who would turn inward , arguing "  you ca n't call ` time out ' in the global economy . Our competitors are n't taking a time out , and neither can we . " Increasingly , the United States is focusing on "  tracking and thwarting " the financiers of terrorism , using sanctions and other economic tools to cut repressive regimes off from insurance , banking and shipping , Clinton says . Finally , Clinton says , the United States is "  modernizing  its  agenda on trade , investment and commercial diplomacy to deliver jobs and growth for the American people . " But the United States can not compete , she says , if it is frozen in domestic political fights . "  Washington has to end the culture of political brinksmanship -- which , I can tell you , is raising questions around the world about our leadership . "	Clinton will speak to the Economic Club of New York The global economic center is shifting east , she says The United States must build relations across the Pacific
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's new Cabinet held its first meeting Thursday and promptly agreed to a five-percent pay cut for all new ministers , Downing Street said . Tackling the country 's debt crisis is a top priority for new Prime Minister David Cameron , who took office Wednesday . The decision means all members of the new Cabinet -- including Cameron -- will be paid five-percent less than their predecessors in the government of Gordon Brown , Downing Street said . The reduction in Cabinet minister salaries alone will save taxpayers about # 50,000  $ 73,800  this year , Downing Street said . The Cabinet also agreed to a ministerial pay freeze for the lifetime of the current Parliament , which is not scheduled to have elections again for another five years . The salary cuts and pay freeze will save approximately # 3 million  $ 4.4 million  over the life of the Parliament , Downing Street said . Every member of Parliament receives a basic annual salary of # 65,737  $ 97,105  . Those who are members of the Cabinet receive an additional salary on top of that , with the amount depending on their position . The additional salary can range from about # 69,000 to about # 134,500  $ 101,500 to $ 198,000  . For Cameron , the pay cut means he will earn # 142,500  $ 210,000  in his role as prime minister , compared to the # 150,000  $ 220,000  earned by Brown , his office said . That 's on top of the salary he receives as a member of Parliament , representing the constituency of Witney , about 65 miles northwest of London .	Tackling the country 's towering budget deficit is a priority for UK 's new government Cabinet members have agreed to take a five-percent pay cut Salary cuts and pay freeze will save approximately # 3 million
CNN  -- At least one member of the jury that sentenced Cameron Todd Willingham to death in the arson homicides of his three children says she is struggling with the idea that she might have convicted an innocent man . A family photo shows Cameron Todd Willingham with his wife , Stacy , and daughters Kameron , Amber and Karmon . It has been 17 years since Willingham was convicted in Texas of setting a house fire that killed his children , a crime Willingham vehemently denied right up until his execution in 2004 . Since that time , three investigations have concluded arson was not the likely cause of the 1991 fire , including one that arrived in Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's office 88 minutes before the scheduled execution . Perry replaced four of nine members of the Texas Forensics Sciences Commission in recent weeks , just before the commission was to receive a report from the latest of the three investigations . The controversy has led juror Dorenda Brokofsky to think twice about the decision she made in a jury room in 1992 . "  I do n't sleep at night because of a lot of this , " Brokofsky said . "  I have gone back and forth in my mind trying to think of anything that we missed . I do n't like the fact that years later someone is saying maybe we made a mistake , that the facts are n't what they could 've been . " Brokofsky spoke with CNN by phone from her Midwest home . She has long since moved away from tiny Corsicana , Texas , where the fire took place . "  I do have doubts now , " she said . "  I mean , we can only go with what we knew at the time , but I do n't like the fact now that maybe this man was executed by our word because of evidence that is not true . It may not be true now . And I do n't like the fact that I may have to face my God and explain what I did . " "  When you 're sitting there with all those facts , there was nothing else we could see , " she said . "  Now I do n't know . I ca n't tell you he 's innocent , I ca n't say 100 percent he 's guilty . " Brokofsky had another revelation . She said she thought she would be excluded from the jury because of her family 's close relationship with key witness and then-Corsicana Assistant Fire Chief Douglas Fogg . Her father was also a fire marshal for eight years before the Willingham fire . "  I was raised with my father being a fire marshal , " she said . "  He went around proving that stuff , so he was n't here at that time . But I knew Doug Fogg , who was one of the witnesses . It was no secret , but I did n't think they would pick me as a juror because of it . " Critics say Perry 's recent actions to shake up the commission were politically motivated , a charge he denies . Perry 's office said it received a five-page fax on the day of the execution that contained an arson expert 's findings that the fire was not deliberately set . It is unclear whether Perry read the fax . "  Given the brevity of the report and the general counsel 's familiarity with all the other facts in the case , there was ample time for the general counsel to read and analyze the report and to brief the governor on its contents , " Perry spokeswoman Allison Castle said . Willingham was executed less than two hours later . Death-penalty opponents say an impartial review of Willingham 's case could lead to an unprecedented admission -- that the state executed an innocent man . The latest report concluded that the arson ruling at the heart of Willingham 's conviction "  could not be sustained " by modern science or the standards of the time . Perry said he remains confident Willingham was guilty , as do authorities in Corsicana , south of Dallas , who prosecuted Willingham . Willingham 's wife 's brother , Ronnie Kuykendall , said in a signed affidavit that Stacy Willingham told her family that Todd Willingham confessed to killing the children during her visit to him on death row a few days before the execution . But Stacy Willingham testified for her husband during his trial , while her family argued he was guilty . CNN could not reach her for comment . Even Willingham 's defense attorney , David Martin , remains confident his client committed the crime . "  There was no question whatsoever that he was guilty , " Martin said on CNN 's "  AC360 " Thursday night . Watch defense attorney say client was guilty " Martin slammed the most recent report on the Willing ham case , by Maryland arson expert Craig Beyler , as "  one of the least objective reports I 've ever read . " On Thursday , Perry also lambasted the Beyler report as having "  a very politically driven agenda " and being propaganda for the anti-death penalty movement . Beyler , asked about Perry 's statements , said they were "  strange and clueless . "	Cameron Todd Willingham maintained his innocence up until his execution in 2004 Dorenda Brokofsky says new evidence makes her think she made wrong decision "  I do n't like the fact that I may have to face my God and explain what I did , " she says 3 inquiries have concluded that arson was not likely cause of deaths
It was late on a Friday night and a freckled , blue-eyed University of Virginia student named Hannah Graham was partying in downtown Charlottesville , Virginia . Graham , described as an accomplished athlete and straight-A student , was seen various times before her disappearance in the early hours of September 13 , according to a timeline compiled by CNN affiliate WVIR . She was at a party and later at an apartment complex blocks away . A surveillance camera caught her outside a pub , where she was turned away . She was seen running past a gas station at one point and later spotted at a restaurant . At another point , she had drinks with a man at a bar . Jesse Matthew , the man named as a suspect in her disappearance , was taken into custody this week in Texas , 1,300 miles away from the town where Graham was last seen . On Friday , Matthew , who had waived extradition , was transported to Virginia and booked into jail , authorities said . Almost two weeks after her disappearance , people keep asking : Where is Hannah Graham ? Last weekend , more than 1,200 volunteers and Virginia Department of Emergency Management officials searched for clues that would lead them to Graham , CNN affiliate WTVR reported . On Saturday , the search for Graham extended to rural areas outside Charlottesville , spanning more than 740 square miles in Albemarle County . Police also asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land . The search may have to be extended to the 1,300 miles between the place where Graham was last seen and Texas , where Matthew was arrested . "  We 're going to do whatever we can to assist Virginia to locate that young lady , " Galveston County Sheriff Henry Trochesset told reporters Thursday , adding that deputies will start searching in the area where Matthew was arrested and branch out . Authorities found Matthew on a Galveston County beach . Deputies were tipped off to his whereabouts when they got a call about a suspicious person camping on the beach . One responded and ran the license plate of that person 's vehicle . It came back as wanted , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . The former Liberty University student and football player did not resist arrest , Trochesset told reporters . The sheriff added that investigators from Virginia were examining a car and a tent found at Matthew 's campsite . "  There 's a long road ahead of us , and that long road includes finding Hannah Graham , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo said . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham . Her parents attended a candlelight vigil Thursday night organized by University of Virginia students . The couple said it was "  extremely moving . " "  We were comforted by the evident high esteem in which our cherished daughter is held by her many friends at the University of Virginia and beyond , " John and Sue Graham said in a statement . "  We continue to be optimistic that Hannah will soon be returned safely to us . " Holding a stuffed bunny named BB , his daughter 's favorite plush toy and "  guardian angel , " John Graham last weekend pleaded for someone to come forward with information on his daughter , who he said loved helping people . The couple has n't given up hope . "  They are hurt , " Longo said . "  They are concerned . They are frustrated . But not for one second have I discerned that they have ever lost hope they will find their daughter . " What will happen to Matthew ? Matthew is accused of abduction with the intent to defile in the Graham case . Matthew 's father spoke publicly for the first time Thursday . He said his son would not have harmed Graham . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . "  To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Matthew also was questioned in connection with an alleged sexual assault nearly 12 years ago , authorities said Thursday . But no charges were filed because the woman did n't want to go forward with the case and investigators determined there was n't enough evidence to arrest Matthew , said Michael Doucette , the commonwealth 's attorney for Lynchburg , Virginia . According to a statement from Lynchburg police , the woman reported she was raped on the campus of Liberty University on October 17 , 2002 . Matthew told authorities that the woman consented , Doucette said , adding that there were no witnesses . Matthew 's Virginia-based lawyer had little to say about his client when approached this week outside his Charlottesville office . "  I am Mr. Matthew 's attorney , " James Camblos said . "  I was hired on Saturday . That 's the only thing that I 'm going to confirm at this point . The family and I -- nobody is making any statements at this point in time . We might later on , but right now we are not . " Matthew willingly went to a police station last weekend , along with several family members , walking through the front door and asking for a lawyer , Longo said . There was no warrant for his arrest at that time . Matthew and the lawyer spoke and then left , the police chief said , giving detectives no clearer picture of what may have happened the day Graham disappeared . Authorities searched Matthew 's apartment and car but have declined to say what -- if anything -- was found . Where was Graham last seen ? On the evening of September 12 , she was seen at a party before friends saw her at an apartment complex a couple of blocks away . That was shortly before midnight , according to WVIR . About 12:45 a.m. on September 13 , a surveillance camera caught her outside a pub , about three-quarters of a mile from the apartment complex . A doorman turned her away at the pub , Longo said . Ten minutes later , she was seen running past a gas station -- no one appeared to be pursuing her -- and witnesses said they saw her five minutes later roughly four blocks from the gas station , WVIR reported . She was at a restaurant in an area known as Downtown Mall , witnesses said . A surveillance camera at an Italian cafe captured her walking along the mall about 1:06 a.m. . A camera at a jewelry store recorded her passing two minutes later , WVIR reported . At 1:20 a.m. , she texted her friends to say she was lost and trying to find a party , WVIR reported . She and a man were seen having drinks at a bar between 1:30 and 2 a.m. , WVIR reports . She may have been under the influence of alcohol , Longo said , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . Did Matthew fraternize with Graham at a Charlottesville restaurant ? Brice Cunningham , owner of Tempo Restaurant and Wine Bar in Charlottesville , told CNN that he saw Matthew at his restaurant on the night of Graham 's disappearance . "  I did not see her , " he said . "  That 's one of the most distressing matters for me . " Authorities said at least one person saw Graham at the restaurant that night . Cunningham recalled seeing Matthew alone . He said Matthew came to Tempo twice that night . "  He was having a good time , " Cunningham said . "  He went dancing . I thought he was just a little bit excited and happy to be there . " A Tempo employee at the door , however , saw Graham outside the restaurant , Cunningham said . "  Yes , walking away with him , " Cunningham said of Matthew . "  It would appear that they knew each other . " Longo said what happened over the next 40 or so hours until Graham was reported missing is crucial . "  There is this block of time , " he said . "  This very big , large , significant block of time between the time we know Hannah Graham disappeared and the time that disappearance was reported to us . We need to shrink that gap . " Authorities say they think people who know Matthew may be helpful in the search for Graham . "  If you know Jesse , and many people do because Jesse grew up here , " Longo said . "  He went to school here . He has family here . He went to church here . He worked here . Lots of people know Jesse . "	Jesse Matthew has been sent to Virginia Arrest of suspect in the Hannah Graham case leaves one painful question : Where is she ? University of Virginia student was last seen on September 13
Beijing  CNN  -- The "  heaviest rain in six decades " in the Chinese capital of Beijing has left at least 37 people dead , the state news agency Xinhua reported Sunday . The torrential downpour lasted 10 hours , with gusty winds in some areas and a tornado in one suburb , according to local media . During the storm , traffic was paralyzed for hours , with drivers and pedestrians stranded throughout the city . Many streets were flooded with water levels sometimes as deep as 13 feet  4 meters  . Thousands of emergency responders were deployed and divers had to be brought in to search for anyone trapped . Officials said almost 2 million people were affected by the rainstorm and the economic losses have exceeded $ 1.5 billion . Drowning is the leading cause of death , taking 25 lives , Xinhua reported . But six people were killed by collapsing houses , five were electrocuted , and one was hit by lightning , the agency reported , citing the municipal government . The average rainfall Saturday was 6.7 inches , but one suburban district recorded 18 inches , Xinhua said . Authorities have identified 22 bodies so far , the agency reported . At the Beijing International Airport , more than 500 flights were canceled Saturday . At one point , some 80,000 passengers were stranded in the airport terminals . Even as operations slowly returned to normal , there were reports of passengers still stranded late Sunday . Local television broadcast heroic stories of search and rescue efforts and people helping each other , but online , people were critical . Many complained that authorities seemed ill-prepared despite heavy rain having been forecast days in advance . Critics said there was no emergency broadcast system deployed , no government shelters and no special hotlines . They also complained of a fragile , ill-prepared infrastructure , pointing out the sewer system was overwhelmed by the rains . Xinhua reported the flooding submerged some power supply facilities and led to blackouts in parts of the city .	The flooding stemmed from torrential rains , Chinese state media says 22 bodies have been identified , it says Most victims died by drowning , but also from housing collapses and electrocution
CNN  -- A ship carrying about 200 people capsized in the waters between Australia and Indonesia , rescue officials in both countries said Thursday . A merchant ship was diverted to the scene and is taking on survivors , said Jo Meehan of the Australian Marine Safety Authority . An Australian naval vessel has also arrived on the scene and is preparing to take on survivors . In addition , an Australian Defence Forces aircraft at the location has dropped four life craft capable of carrying a total of 60 people , she said . Indonesia said it is sending two warships to assist Australian rescue efforts . Three shipwrecked fishermen lived on clams , seaweed for 10 days "  We never know the exact number of people onboard as they get onboard illegally , " said Gagah Prakoso , a spokesman for Indonesia 's Search and Rescue Agency . The vessel is 110 nautical miles northwest of Christmas Island . The Australian territory is closer to Indonesia and in the latter 's designated search-and-rescue area , said Susan Usher of the Western Australian Police . She would not characterize the people aboard the vessel nor did she know their fate . Christmas Island has been the scene of another recent boat capsizing . At least 28 people died in December 2010 when a boat carrying asylum seekers crashed into cliffs near the coast of the island . Most of the people on the boat were from Iran and Iraq , a rescue worker said at the time . U.S. Navy rescues Iranian in capsized boat	The ship overturns midway between Australia and Indonesia Vessels are on the scene in hope of rescuing survivors Authorities do n't know exactly how many were onboard because they board illegally , an official says
Editor 's note : Mark Preston is the political editor for CNN . Mark Preston says Obama came out ahead in the honorary degree flap with scholarship named after him . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Keep the honorary degree -- I 'd take the scholarship program . Arizona State University 's refusal last week to present an honorary degree to President Obama cast an unnecessary dark cloud over the school and forced officials to do something they apparently were trying to avoid : recognize the president for his accomplishments . Instead of giving him a piece of paper , the school now has named its "  most important scholarship program " after him -- and the controversy still has n't gone away . Initially a university spokesperson told The Associated Press , "  His body of work is yet to come . That 's why we 're not recognizing him with a degree at the beginning of his presidency . " That is true -- we do not yet know what Obama will accomplish as the 44th president of the United States . But ASU 's own guidelines state that a degree is given to those who have made "  significant contributions to education and society over the course of a person 's career . " Now , you might not have voted for Obama , and perhaps you do n't agree with his policies , but he was a U.S. senator , a community organizer , and a lecturer on constitutional law . And is n't Obama 's election as the first African-American president a "  significant " achievement in this country ? Arizona Sen. John McCain -- Obama 's opponent in the 2008 election -- noted the historic significance of Obama 's victory in his election night concession speech . So what would stop the ASU elders from doing so ? After all , Sen. Barry Goldwater was awarded a degree after serving one term in the Senate , while Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor had been on the Court for three years before receiving her honorary degree . Legendary broadcaster Walter Cronkite and labor activist Cesar Chavez were also awarded honorary degrees . ASU President Michael Crow said the school had always intended to honor the president , but had n't decided how to do so . We do know that ASU had decided how not to recognize Obama : with an honorary degree . As pressure built up over the past week , ASU needed to move fast to try and push that dark cloud off of the university . ASU 's solution was unveiled over the weekend : Name a scholarship program after Obama . "  Naming this scholarship program after President Obama that will affect the lives of thousands of students is an honor befitting , not only the president 's exceptional achievements , but also his values as an individual , " Crow said in a statement released by the school . "  The President Barack Obama Scholars program will be a legacy that will endure and inspire others for generations to come . " An honorary degree or a named scholarship program ? I would take the scholarship program . "  We hope that the recent discussion of honorary degrees will not detract from the honor and thrill that ASU -- and indeed all of Arizona -- is experiencing in anticipation of his visit , " Crow said in the statement . "  I am honored , as are our faculty , staff and students , that President Obama will give his first commencement speech as president of the United States at ASU . " Crow need not worry . I doubt that most Americans will look down upon the students and faculty for ASU 's bewildering decision not to grant Obama an honorary degree . I acknowledge , at first blush I really did n't think this was a big deal . So what if Obama was n't presented with an honorary degree ? Then I came to my senses . Is n't it simply common sense and common courtesy to present the president of the United States with an honorary degree -- especially if you invite him to participate in your commencement ceremony ? There still is time for the university to reverse its decision and present him with that piece of paper . But even if ASU chooses not to do so , I still think the president comes out on top by having the "  most important scholarship program " named in his honor . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Preston .	Mark Preston : Arizona State University decided not to give Obama an honorary degree University said no degree because his "  body of work is yet to come " Preston : Is n't winning office as first African-American a significant achievement ? He says Obama comes out ahead by having scholarship program named after him
CNN  -- An American who founded a home for needy children in Haiti more than 10 years ago has been accused of sexually abusing some of the same boys he set out to help , the U.S. Department of Justice announced Thursday . Project Pierre Toussaint operated on this street in Cap-Haitien , Haiti . An American allegedly abused boys there . Douglas Perlitz , 39 , who was indicted this week by a grand jury in Fairfield County , Connecticut , faces 10 counts related to the sexual abuse of nine boys for about a decade , the Justice Department said . Seven of those counts are for traveling outside of the United States with the intent to have sex with minors , and three counts are for engaging in sexual conduct with minors in a foreign place , according to the indictment . Perlitz was arrested Wednesday morning at his home in Colorado , but he had lived for years in Haiti , the Justice Department said in a news release . The Haiti Fund Inc. , the nonprofit fundraising arm of his project , was incorporated in Connecticut , where Perlitz had attended Fairfield University . A U.S. magistrate ordered Perlitz detained pending a federal court hearing Friday in Denver . Perlitz was in custody Thursday , and it was not clear whether he had retained an attorney . The Justice Department said Perlitz used his position as director of the Project Pierre Toussaint in Haiti to manipulate and abuse the boys . He allegedly enticed the nine boys with promises of food and shelter and with gifts such as cell phones and cash , the indictment states . If convicted , Perlitz faces a maximum of 30 years in prison and fine of $ 2.5 million , according to the department . Haiti 's abject poverty , threadbare social-service network and barely functioning legal system combine to make the country 's street kids particularly vulnerable to exploitation . Despite its lush tropical setting , the country is the poorest in the Western Hemisphere and has the highest rates of mortality among infants and children under five years of age . One-third of Haitian children under five suffer chronic malnutrition , according to United Nations statistics ; just over half of school-age kids are enrolled in schools . With the state unable to alleviate those ills , private foreign charities work hard to fill the void . Perlitz -- and his Project Pierre Toussaint -- were seen as bright young examples of how outside agencies could make a difference in the lives of destitute Haitian children , offering food , education and sanctuary from the perilous life on the streets . In 2002 , Fairfield University , Perlitz 's alma mater , honored his efforts by making him its commencement speaker . One volunteer who traveled twice to Project Pierre Toussaint to run a soccer and basketball camp there said the charges against Perlitz were shocking . "  I do n't believe one ounce of it , " Matt Pawlick of Miami , Florida , told CNN . "  He had a passion and love to help those kids grow . " According to the indictment , Perlitz first traveled to Haiti as a student at Fairfield University and became inspired to build a school there . In 1997 , he received a grant from the Roman Catholic Order of Malta to start a center to help street children , which grew into a boarding school for boys that provided meals , sports activities and classroom instruction , the indictment states . The school was in Cap-Haitien , Haiti . Once the Haiti Fund was created , it raised more than $ 2 million between 2002 and 2008 , funds that were transferred to Perlitz to run the project , the indictment said . According to the court document , Perlitz would take some of the minors to a restaurant , give them food and alcohol and then encourage them to spend the night with him . The indictment alleges that Perlitz showed homosexual pornography to some of the youths as well . In 2007 , Haitian journalist Cyrus Sibert was the first to report about rumors of sexual abuse at the school . "  I found many children who told me the situation at the project , " Sibert told CNN , referring to the allegations . His reports spurred investigations by Haitian authorities as well as by the board of directors of the Haiti Fund . The indictment alleges that "  Perlitz used his relationship with a religious leader and influential board members to continue to conceal , and attempt to conceal , illegal sexual conduct , " in one instance by barring investigators from entering his room , and by helping remove two computers that were locked in a safe . As attention over the allegations grew , the board ultimately dismissed Perlitz in 2008 , Paul Kendrick , an advocate for victims of abuse by clergy familiar with the case , told CNN . Kendrick , a fellow Fairfield University graduate who met Perlitz during a visit to Haiti , said the removal proved controversial among the backers of Project Pierre Toussaint . By early 2009 , the school was closed , Sibert said . Board members referred questions from CNN to an attorney , who was not immediately available .	Feds : Douglas Perlitz , 39 , faces 10 counts in alleged abuse of nine boys Perlitz was arrested at his home in Colorado , but had lived for years in Haiti Perlitz was director of the Project Pierre Toussaint in Haiti If convicted , Perlitz faces up to 30 years in prison and fine of $ 2.5 million
CNN  -- A transgender rights advocacy group says the South Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles restricted a teen 's free speech rights by asking him to remove his makeup for a driver 's license photo . Sixteen-year-old Chase Culpepper went to take his driver 's test in Anderson in March . Chase considers himself "  gender non-conforming , " he told CNN affiliate WYFF . He regularly wears makeup and girl 's clothes . After passing his driver 's test , Chase went to take his photo for his license . But an employee at the office asked him to remove his makeup . The employee told Chase he could n't wear "  a disguise " and did n't look "  like a boy should , " the teen told the affiliate . CNN reached out to the state DMV and was told it had a policy specifying the requirements for the photograph . "  At no time will an applicant be photographed when it appears that he or she is purposely altering his or her appearance so that the photo would misrepresent his or her identity , " the policy says . "  That 's been the policy since August of 2009 , " spokeswoman Beth Park said . "  Stage makeup is not acceptable because it can be used to alter appearance . Regular everyday makeup is accepted because it 's used to highlight or hide blemishes , " she said . The Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund is now asking that the DMV allow Chase to retake his photo . "  His freedom to express his gender should not be restricted by the DMV staff , " the fund 's executive director , Michael Silverman , said . "  He is entitled to be who he is and to express that without interference from government actors . " Transgender first-grader wins the right to use girls ' restroom Kids who veer from gender norms at higher risk for abuse Parents urged to support , safeguard children as they explore gender	` Gender non-conforming ' teen says S.C. DMV employee asked him to take makeup off DMV says it has a policy specifying requirements for photographs Transgender rights advocacy group demands DMV allow teen to retake photo
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Security for Pope Francis ' visit to Brazil has been raised after an incident involving his motorcade , a Brazilian federal official told CNN . The papal visit is now classified at the highest level of security -- it was raised to "  high risk " from "  medium risk " after his car got stuck in a crowd of enthusiastic followers Monday , the official said . The source says the problem in part stemmed from the pope instructing drivers not to avoid crowds . After Francis arrived in Brazil on Monday , he got into a silver hatchback Fiat for the drive from the airport to downtown Rio de Janeiro . Along the route , the vehicle became pinned between a bus and a crush of well-wishers who were reaching into the car to touch the pope . Federal authorities are now taking a larger role in Francis ' security during his time in Brazil . Hundreds of thousands of pilgrims from around the globe have come to Rio for World Youth Day , a weeklong festival held every two years . The Vatican told reporters that 500,000 people came to Copacabana Beach for the opening ceremony and Mass. . Crowds stretched down the beach for more than half a mile from the main stage . Brazil : Police found , destroyed bomb before pope 's visit A call for hope The pope traveled Wednesday morning to the town of Aparecida , the site of a shrine to Our Lady of Aparecida , a clay statue of the Virgin Mary and one of the patron saints of Brazil . A large crowd -- braving rain -- cheered as the pope emerged from the helicopter that took him to the site , where he held Mass. . In his homily , the pope called on the faithful to find hope in God . "  It is true that nowadays , to some extent , everyone , including our young people , feels attracted by the many idols which take the place of God and appear to offer hope : money , success , power , pleasure , " Francis said . "  Often , a growing sense of loneliness and emptiness in the hearts of many people leads them to seek satisfaction in these ephemeral idols . " His was an upbeat message , encouraging "  openness to being surprised by God " and proclaiming that "  Christians can not be pessimists . " The pope also announced that he will return to Brazil in 2017 , the 300th anniversary of the apparition of Our Lady of Aparecida to three fishermen . Singing priests revive Catholic Church in Brazil CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Security for Pope Francis has been raised to "  high risk " The designation comes after an incident involving his motorcade The pope shared an upbeat message during Mass on Wednesday
CNN  -- Russia 's Maria Sharapova has admitted she is desperate to win the Miami Masters , a tournament where she has been beaten in the final on four different occasions . The third seed , who fell at the final hurdle in both 2011 and 2012 , made it through to the semifinals for the third year in a row after beating Sara Errani of Italy 7-5 , 7-5 . Sharapova 's semifinal opponent will be Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic after the former world No. 1 beat Errani 's compatriot Roberta Vinci 6-4 6-7  6-8  6-3 . Sharapova may have won four grand slams but following defeats in 2005 , 2006 , 2011 and 2012 , she would love to add a success in Key Biscayne to those triumphs . Poland 's Radwanska is the defending champion , furthering the Russian 's Miami misery last year to add to previous final failures against Victoria Azarenka  2011  , Svetlana Kuznetsova  2006  and Kim Clijsters  2005  . "  I 've been so close to winning . I would love to win it , " Sharapova told reporters after seeing off the eighth seed . "  I 've been coming to this tournament since I was a little kid . It would mean a lot to win it . " The world No. 2 had to work hard for victory against Errani , who she defeated in last year 's French Open to achieve her career grand slam , having previously won Wimbledon  2004  , the U.S. Open  2006  and the Australian Open  2008  . She may have won their previous three meetings but Sharapova was still forced to save three set points on her own serve in the second set before eventually prevailing . "  I had a really difficult opponent , " added the Russian , who has won all four of her previous semifinals at the event . "  She really made me work for this match . A few ups and downs in the match but I 'm really happy to get through . " The victory , which took two hours and 29 minutes to complete , was the second in successive tournaments for the Russian over Errani . The previous success came en route to winning the Indian Wells title earlier this month , a tournament which pushed Sharapova one place up the world rankings . In the men 's draw , Novak Djokovic 's conqueror Tommy Haas moved into the last four with a convincing win against 11th seed Gilles Simon . Germany 's Haas did not concede a break point to the Frenchman en route to a 6-3 6-1 victory . "  I played some good points when it came down to it , which I am proud of , and then served out the first set . I felt pretty comfortable after that , " the 34-year-old former world No. 2 told the tournament 's official website . "  I used my chances right away in the second set and took that momentum . Again , I played the way I wanted to , using my all-around game and variety . I think I did that pretty well tonight . " Next up for Haas is third seed David Ferrer , who came from one set down to defeat Austria 's Jurgen Melzer 4-6 6-3 6-0 . Spain 's Ferrer will be hoping to reach the final of this event for the first time in his career , having been a semifinalist in 2005 and 2006 . He also has more match wins than any other player on the ATP Tour this year , with Wednesday 's win over Melzer his 24th of 2013 . "  I was a little bit nervous in the first set and part of the second , " said the 30-year-old Ferrer . "  But I tried to fight every point , to be focused and I had a good feeling in the final of the second set and of course in the third one . "	Sharapova beats Sara Errani to reach third straight Miami Masters semifinal Russian has won all four of her previous Miami semis , but never lifted the title Spain 's David Ferrer becomes first male semifinalist after overcoming Jurgen Melzer
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will use a major speech this week on the Middle East to reaffirm basic U.S. principles and policies regarding the region while also toughening his administration 's stance against Syria 's crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators , administration officials said Monday . The speech Thursday at the State Department also will address the ongoing fight against al Qaeda following the May 2 killing of its leader , Osama bin Laden , as well as the current status of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , said the officials , who spoke on condition of not being identified . Last week , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters that Obama 's address will be a "  fairly sweeping and comprehensive " take on the events that have upended governments in Tunisia and Egypt and pushed other countries to take steps toward reform . The speech comes nearly two years after a 2009 address in Cairo , the Egyptian capital , that called for "  a new beginning " between the United States and the Muslim world . This time , the Arab Spring that has launched demonstrations throughout North Africa and the Middle East provides the backdrop as Obama continues to enjoy a domestic political uplift from the successful U.S. mission to eliminate bin Laden at his compound in Pakistan . What 's next for the Arab Spring According to the administration officials , major themes of the speech will focus on how change in the Middle East region came from the people who live there and provided them with an opportunity to gain a say in their future governance , and that the United States can not impose change but will uphold principles such as freedom of assembly , the right to self-determination and respect for human rights . Obama also will address situations in specific countries , and is expected to come out strong against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's violent response to protesters in his country , the officials said . They expect additional U.S. sanctions on Syria to be announced before the speech and said the new measures could target Assad by name . Report : Iran sending banned weapons to Syria Other countries likely to be mentioned by name include Bahrain and Yemen , but not with the same level of criticism as directed at Syria , the administration officials said . Obama also will talk about how the Middle East protesters are demonstrating for freedom and democracy , rather than the bin Laden-al Qaeda ideology . On Sunday , former National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair said that the speech will give Obama a chance to restate American backing for the outpouring of support for the Arab Spring . "  I think it brings us the opportunity to get on the right side of history , the things we believe in , " Blair said . "  The Arab Spring is not just about Israel , it is about freedom and democracy . And I think that sentiment is very powerful , plays to our strengths and we should be strongly in favor of that . " The Obama administration helped prod former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to leave office in February after the country 's military establishment refused to crush a popular uprising against his nearly 30-year rule . U.S. forces took part in the NATO air campaign against Libya , where the allies have called for Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to yield to an armed rebellion and leave power after nearly 42 years . Arrest warrants sought for Gadhafi Washington slapped sanctions on top Syrian officials after a violent crackdown on pro-reform protests there . But the clampdown on demonstrators and activists in Bahrain , a key U.S. ally in the Persian Gulf , has drawn only verbal protests from American officials . "  They are bottling up forces which will eventually push them out , " Blair said . "  So I think that what the United States does is to encourage that in general , and then we support specifically where we can . " While Obama 's Cairo speech of 2009 was well-received , a feeling persists in the region that U.S. policy in reaction to the Arab Spring has been inconsistent . Expectations therefore are high for Obama to this time lay out a clear and strong statement of intent and action rather than general platitudes and half-measures that fail to materialize . Blair served as director of national intelligence until May 2010 , when he resigned after finding himself at odds with the White House and others in the intelligence community during his 16-month tenure . His predecessor , John Negroponte , said Sunday that other players , including the Arab League and the international community , will have to "  step up " to support reform if it is going to succeed . "  The Libya case , I think , is instructive in that regard because you will recall that President Obama stipulated that there needed to be more unilateral and European engagement in that situation , " said Negroponte , who also served as U.S. ambassador to Iraq under the Bush administration . "  And I think ditto with respect to Syria . " Princeton University analyst Anne-Marie Slaughter told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " Sunday that Obama realizes the United States is "  politically indispensable " to creating a broad coalition . "  But once we 've done that , his idea is we should n't be the global policeman , " said Slaughter , a former top State Department official . "  Other countries have a really strong stake in these outcomes , and we should be willing to share responsibility with them . " Meanwhile , Negroponte said an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal is needed for Israel , a key U.S. ally , "  to be viable over the long term . " Though those efforts are currently stalled , "  We can never take it completely off the table , " he said . Deadly clashes mark Israel 's founding The administration 's Mideast special envoy , former Sen. George Mitchell , resigned last week after two years leading efforts to resolve the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Ongoing Israeli settlement construction in the occupied West Bank , the Palestinian Authority 's efforts to reconcile the feud between the Hamas and Fatah factions that rule different Palestinian territories and Palestinian steps toward a unilateral declaration of statehood have driven the two sides further apart during that period . Kishore Mahbubani , a former Singaporean diplomat and ambassador to Washington , told "  GPS " that other countries will be watching the Americans closely because of the global reach of the United States . "  They 'll always look at both American rhetoric and American deeds , " Mahbubani said . "  American power is present everywhere . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	Obama will address the U.S. role and policy in the region , officials say Expect the president to come down hard on Syria , according to officials Bahrain and Yemen also to be named , officials say
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Heavy rains triggered by El Nino weather patterns could potentially prove devastating for east African nations that have been water-starved for months , the United Nations has warned . A Turkana boy holds an empty cup in a village in northwestern Kenya . Kenya , Somalia , Tanzania and Uganda are facing mudslides , crop destruction , waterborne diseases and disrupted road networks , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Friday . Djibouti , Eritrea and Ethiopia could also be affected . The effects of flooding are expected to be exacerbated because so much greenery has disappeared in the drought . "  More than 23 million people in pastoral , agricultural and suburban communities , as well as internally displaced people and refugees in the region , are reeling from the impact of water and food shortages , pasture scarcity , conflict and insecurity , " said John Holmes , the under-secretary general for humanitarian affairs who is coordinating emergency relief operations . "  While we can not prevent these climatic shocks , we certainly can mitigate their disastrous effects through forward planning and the right funding from the donor community , " he said . Uganda , hit by El Nino a decade ago , is planning to apply some of the lessons learned this time around , said Fred Opolot , a government spokesman . "  The government has allocated funds and resources to areas that will be affected , " he said . "  Our disaster preparedness department is using press briefings , among other ways , to inform the public . " Though the department is not very well-funded , he said , the government is working with groups such as the United Nations and international aid agencies to prepare for floods . "  It is a multifaceted effort ... we want to ensure citizens are sensitized to the dangers of El Nino and things such as bridges are in good condition . " The rainy season begins in the Horn of Africa in mid-October and runs through the end of the year . Meteorologists have forecasted that this year 's rains will be more intense than usual because of the El Nino phenomenon , caused by a rise in temperature in the Pacific and Indian oceans . Aid agencies are already buckling under the weight of helping millions of people who have suffered through months of failed crops , drought and erratic rains caused by climate change . In Somalia , 450,000 people in the Juba and Shabelle river basins could suffer , the United Nations estimates . In neighboring Kenya , some 750,000 people -- 150,000 of whom are refugees -- could be affected . The Turkana , a pastoral tribe in northeastern Kenya , is already reeling from a severe drought that has left scores of people dead and remains of skeletal cows strewn across the flat , arid land . The remote region has no access to resources , making it especially vulnerable to natural disasters such as floods . CNN 's Moni Basu and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	U.N. humanitarian agency : East African nations facing flooding , mudslides Warning comes after months of drought in region which has decimated greenery Rainy season in Horn of Africa usually begins in mid-October , runs to end of year Kenya , Somalia , Tanzania , Uganda , Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia set to be affected
CNN  -- Casey Anthony 's car reeked of what they deemed the unmistakable odor of a decomposing body , her father and a tow company manager testified Friday in the Orlando woman 's capital murder trial . The odor was so powerful , George Anthony said he could not drive it home from the impound lot where it had been towed two weeks before without rolling down the windows , he said . "  I did worry for my daughter and granddaughter , " George Anthony testified , noting that he had not seen Casey or her 2-year-old daughter Caylee since June 24 . "  I did n't want to believe what I was smelling . " The defense pointed out -- and George Anthony admitted -- that he did not call police after noticing the smell , nor did he tell authorities about his concerns . Later that day , his wife Cindy did call 911 , sparking the investigation that led to the discovery months later of Caylee 's remains and the arrest of her mother for the toddler 's murder . "  Looking back , sir , there 's a lot of things I wish I would have done , " George Anthony said , after being pressed by defense attorney Jose Baez as to why he did n't contact police immediately . Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunfire took center stage in the fourth day of Anthony 's capital murder trial . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police in the death of her daughter , whose remains were discovered in December 2008 . Prosecutors say Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and then put duct tape over her nose and mouth , suffocating the girl . Anthony 's attorneys argue that she did not kill Caylee , but rather that the girl accidentally drowned in the Anthonys ' pool on June 16 . They say she and her father , George Anthony , panicked and kept the death a secret . George Anthony denied that claim in testimony Thursday . Anthony 's car was found , apparently abandoned , in a financial-services company parking lot on June 24 . It was towed by a wrecker service to an impound lot on June 30 and remained there for about two weeks , the wrecker service 's operations manager , Simon Birch , told jurors . Closed up , the car gave off the faint smell of human decomposition , Birch testified . "  It 's a very , very unique and distinctive smell , " Birch said , noting that he has had the misfortune of coming into contact with decomposition in cars numerous times . Birch said the smell became more noticeable after George Anthony and his wife arrived to pick up the car and they opened first the door and then the trunk . George Anthony recalled his mind racing with concern for his daughter , whom he had believed was in Jacksonville , Florida , with the car , and his granddaughter , whom he had not seen in nearly a month . "  Please God , " he recalled thinking as he prepared to open the trunk , "  do n't let this be Casey or Caylee . " The smell did not seem to dissipate after they removed a lightly-filed garbage bag from the trunk , Birch said . But after being called back to the stand later Friday , George Anthony said he did not notice the stench was stronger after he opened the trunk and removed garbage from the trunk . In response to a question from Baez implying he was somehow trying to distance himself from evidence in a potential crime , George Anthony said , "  I would not have walked away ... from something . That 's not in my make-up . ... I believe I 'm a pretty good guy . " Before challenging George Anthony , Baez questioned why Birch never called police , even after learning the car had been towed by authorities for forensic analysis . "  I had no idea why it was towed to forensics , " Birch said . William Waters , a friend of Anthony 's who testified that he went shopping with her on July 5 , testified that she had a friend 's car at the time . He said she explained that she did not have her own because it needed an alignment or a tune-up . The car also figured in testimony Thursday , when George Anthony testified about an argument he had with his daughter over two missing gas cans from the storage shed at his house . On June 24 , George Anthony called police to report the break-in and report the gas cans missing . He testified that he saw his daughter later in the day and argued with her about the missing cans . He had a hunch she had them , he testified , as she had taken them before . George Anthony said that when he went to get them out of his daughter 's car , she bristled , brushed past him , quickly opened the trunk and retrieved the gas cans . Then she threw them down and told him , "  Here 's your f -- ing gas cans . " The cans are significant because duct tape on them appears to be the same as that found on the mouth of Caylee 's skeletal remains , which were found six months after the child went missing . The type of tape , prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick told jurors in her opening statement this week , is relatively rare . George Anthony said that when his daughter returned the gas cans to him , there was no tape on them . He said he had put the tape on to replace a missing vent cap . In earlier testimony , prosecutors displayed evidence and questioned witnesses suggesting that Casey Anthony seemed unburdened in the days after her daughter disappeared -- attending a party and going shopping for furniture , clothes and beer . Jurors saw silent surveillance videos of Anthony shopping at Target , Ikea and other stores in the days following her daughter 's disappearance . The videos were shown over the objection of defense attorneys , who said they were irrelevant to the charges against Anthony and could improperly impeach her character and state of mind in the eyes of the jury . They also heard Waters testify that Anthony attended an Independence Day party at his house on July 4 , 2008 -- about two weeks after Caylee was last seen -- and that the two also went shopping the next day . She gave no indication that anything was wrong either time and only briefly mentioned her daughter , Waters testified . Waters ' testimony was similar to statements Thursday from numerous witnesses who said Anthony did not mention her daughter 's disappearance until her mother , Cindy Anthony , reported the girl 's absence to police on July 15 . Among the witnesses was a former boyfriend , Ricardo Morales , who said Anthony was "  happy , smiling " during his encounters with her in July . Another friend , Matthew Crisp , testified that he met Anthony for lunch on July 7 and asked about Caylee . Anthony told him the girl was "  on a play date with one of her girlfriends who also had a child . " Another former boyfriend , Anthony Lazzaro , and his roommates said that when they asked where Caylee was , Anthony told them she was with her nanny , mentioning that the nanny was taking her to Universal Studios and to the beach . In the early days of the investigation , Anthony said the nanny , who she said was named Zenaida Gonzalez and nicknamed "  Zanny , " had kidnapped Caylee . Authorities were never able to find the nanny but did track down a woman with that name who denied knowing Anthony and sued her for defamation . Anthony also repeatedly visited at least two nightclubs during the month Caylee was missing , once participating in a "  hot body " contest . Defense attorneys explain Anthony 's behavior as a result of what they allege was sexual abuse by her father beginning as a child . Anthony was schooled from a young age to "  hide her pain , " her attorneys argue . In testimony , George Anthony has denied sexually abusing his daughter . In cross-examination by lead defense attorney Jose Baez , those who saw Anthony and her daughter together testified that Caylee was well taken care of and that Anthony , at least to their knowledge , appeared to be a good mother . In a dramatic moment Friday morning , the fiancee of Casey Anthony 's brother broke down when asked to describe Anthony 's relationship with her daughter . The fiance , Mallory Parker , described the relationship as "  amazing . " "  Casey and Caylee had a very special bond , " Parker , a witness for the prosecution , said with a quivering voice while under cross-examination by Anthony 's lead attorney , Jose Baez . Anthony appeared to cry as Parker spoke . In all , Anthony is charged with first degree murder , aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and four counts of misleading police . If she is convicted of capital murder , she could be sentenced to death by the seven-woman , five-man jury . The trial , now in its fourth day , is expected to last six to eight weeks . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this article Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Casey Anthony 's father admits he wished he 'd done "  a lot of things " differently NEW : George Anthony insists he did n't try to hide evidence , info from his daughter 's car George Anthony and a tow manager testified the car smelled of decomposition Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008
CNN  -- Deceased Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev participated in a 2011 gruesome triple homicide outside Boston along with a Chechen killed early Wednesday during a confrontation with the FBI and Massachusetts State Police in Orlando , Florida , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . Ibragim Todashev , who died during the interview with authorities , not only confessed to his direct role in slashing the throats of three people in Waltham , Massachusetts , but also fingered Tsarnaev in the deaths , the official said Wednesday . Todashev was being questioned about the slayings and his acquaintance with Tsarnaev . Todashev attacked an FBI agent , who shot him dead , a federal law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the case told CNN . "  He used some kind of weapon , " the official said , and that prompted the FBI agent to shoot the suspect . A second law enforcement official confirmed Todashev made the confession . The unsolved triple murder received renewed interest after it was learned that Tsarnaev was sparring partners at a local gym with one of the victims . Source : 2011 slayings of Tsarnaev friend , 2 others revisited Investigators of the crime reported at the time that the heads of the three victims were pulled back and their throats slit ear to ear with great force . Marijuana was spread over the bodies in a "  symbolic gesture , " and several thousand dollars in cash was found at the scene . Todashev told investigators the men were killed during a drug ripoff because he and Tsarnaev were afraid they would be able to identify them and tell police what happened , according to a law enforcement source . So far , no link has been found between Todashev and the Boston Marathon bombings . However , the FBI is looking into the many connections between Todashev and Tsarnaev , whose radicalization allegedly led to the Boston bombings . A federal law enforcement official has told CNN they were initially led to Todashev because they learned he knew Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar . They also said cell phone records connected Tamerlan and Todashev . Todashev was being interviewed in the kitchen of his Florida home . He grabbed a knife , which is why fatal force was used , according to a source briefed on the ongoing investigation . "  Preliminary information indicates the agent took actions to defend himself , " said a federal law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the case . "  The agent sustained non-life-threatening injuries , " FBI spokesman Jason Pack said . Investigators are awaiting test results to determine whether Todashev 's DNA was found at the Massachusetts triple murder scene and whether the DNA of Tamerlan Tsarnaev also was found there . Todashev and Tsarnaev were acquainted through a mixed martial arts center near Boston , said a source briefed on the bombing investigation . In Orlando , an FBI team is reviewing the circumstances of the shooting , a procedure that follows any FBI shooting . Todashev had an impending flight from Orlando , via New York and Moscow , to Chechnya , when investigators sought to interview him , according to a source briefed on the ongoing investigation . He was told not to take the flight , the source said . Details emerged Wednesday about how Todashev had Tsarnaev 's phone number in his cell phone , said the source . Both men were members of the mixed martial arts forum Sherdog.com , along with Russian-Canadian boxer-turned-jihadist William Plotnikov , the source said . Last month , CNN reported that Plotnikov and six others died in a July 2012 firefight with Russian forces in the southwestern republic of Dagestan , while Tsarnaev was visiting the region , according to a source briefed on the investigation . Todashev , 27 , knew Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , also a suspect in the April 15 bombings , the official said . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , injured and captured after a manhunt , is being held by authorities . His brother died in a shootout with police . Todashev was from the Chechnya region , as were the Tsarnaev brothers , the source said . Todashev was granted political asylum in 2008 , but he came to the United States some time before that , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . Todashev had been living in the United States as a legal resident because of that asylum claim . In the 2011 Massachusetts triple homicide , the Middlesex County district attorney 's office said at the time that the victims and two unknown perpetrators appeared to know each other and that it was not a random crime . No suspects were named then . Suspect : Bombing was payback for hits on Muslims A source said that the FBI had been investigating Todashev for about a month . The FBI had followed Todashev for days , his friend told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 . Todashev "  was n't like real close friends  with Tsarnaev  , but he just happened to know him , " Khasuen Taramov told the TV station . "  But he had no idea that they were up to something like that , like bombings and everything , you know what I mean ? " He told CNN affiliate WESH that Todashev and Tsarnaev had spoken by telephone about a month before the bombings . "  It was a complete shock to him , " Taramov said . The two met a couple years ago in Boston , where Todashev had lived and where there is a small , close-knit community of Chechens , said Taramov . Their telephone conversation before the bombings contained nothing but routine pleasantries , he said . "  It was ` How are you doing ; how 's your family ? ' That 's all . " Taramov said he himself was questioned by the FBI for three hours Tuesday night . Asked what he was asked , Taramov said , "  Different kind of questions like ` what do you think about bombings , ' ` do you know these guys , ' blah blah blah , what is my views on certain stuff . " He said Todashev was not a radical . "  He was just a Muslim . That was his mistake , I guess . " Taramov said his friend had told him he had a bad feeling about the direction the investigation was heading . "  He felt like there 's going to be a setup ... bad setup against him . Because he told me , ` They are making up such crazy stuff , I do n't know ... why they doing it . OK , I 'm answering the questions , but they are still making up some , like , connections , some crazy stuff . I do n't know why they are doing it . ' " Before meeting with the FBI for a 7:30 p.m. interview Tuesday , Taramov said , his friend asked him to take his parents ' telephone numbers . "  He just told me , ` Take the numbers , in case something happens , if I get locked up , or whatever , call them . ' You know what I mean ? "  We were expecting to get him locked up , but not getting him killed . I ca n't believe it . " Todashev was unemployed and had been living on insurance money he received after surgery for an accident . "  He used to be a fighter , MMA fighter , " Taramov said , in a reference to mixed martial arts . Todashev was arrested this month on a charge of aggravated battery after getting into a fight over a parking spot with a man and his son outside an Orlando mall . The son was taken to a hospital with head injuries , a split upper lip and several teeth knocked out of place , the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said in a report . "  Todashev said he was only fighting to protect his knee because he had surgery in March , " the report said . He told the police that he was a former mixed martial arts fighter , it said . Todashev , described as 5-foot-9 and 160 pounds , was released on $ 3,500 bond . Asked about the incident , Taramov downplayed it . "  He had a fight in the parking lot , the two guys jumped on him ... pretty much he just defended himself against two , " he told WESH . "  The only mistake : he did kick their ass and left . " Todashev had recently gotten his green card and had been planning to visit his parents in Chechnya and then return to the United States , but canceled the plans , Taramov said . Now , he added , he was planning to call his friend 's parents . Former Chechen rebel : ' I have nothing to do with ' Boston bombings CNN 's Michael Martinez , Jason Hanna and MaryLynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Dead Boston bombing suspect implicated in 2011 killings , official says Another man , Ibragim Todashev , attacks FBI agent with a knife , is killed Todashev had admitted to a role in a 2011 triple murder in Massachusetts Authorities told him not to take a pending flight to Chechnya
CNN  -- If you 're standing in the rain at the bus stop tomorrow morning , trying to get to work , and if , in the downpour , you should notice that waiting patiently for the bus with you is Bill Gates ... . Or if you 're in a long line at the convenience store , waiting to buy a lottery ticket in the hopes of striking it rich , and you see that the equally hopeful person in front of you in the Powerball line is Mr. Gates ... . Will you please ask him something ? Will you ask him about Winky Dink ? We 'll get back to Mr. Gates in a moment . He is , as you probably know , one of the world 's wealthiest and most influential men . As the co-founder and chairman of Microsoft , he has had vast influence on the way we live -- particularly in the way that screens , and our constant interaction with them , have taken over everything . Which brings us to Winky Dink . A strong case can be made -- and several authors , deep thinkers and historians over the years have made it -- that Winky Dink , more than any other single person  or single cartoon character , in Winky Dink 's case  , ushered in the era of interactivity . In the early day of television , Americans sat transfixed as the first sets were delivered to homes . The brand-new experience was like having a constantly programmed movie screen in the family living room . The pleasure , the convenience -- all a person had to do was lean back and be entertained . Or so it seemed . But two men -- a pair of fledgling television producers whose names were Harry Prichett and Edwin Wyckoff -- had the foresight to realize that the screen did not necessarily have to be one-way . And that there was money to be made by encouraging people to treat the screen as something with which they could interact . Thus was born "  Winky Dink and You " -- a primitive and rudimentary first step into what would eventually become the screen-obsessed world in which we live today : millions of people endlessly tapping away , sending and receiving messages , relentlessly responding to what glows in front of their eyes , regarding their screen as almost a person , a friend . "  Winky Dink and You , " which aired Saturday mornings on CBS beginning in 1953 , was hosted by Jack Barry and starred a sprightly , squeaky-voiced cartoon character named ... well , you know what he was named . Winky Dink 's adventures were not all that spectacular -- but it is what he asked the children watching the show to do that heralded a cultural change . Winky Dink said he wanted the children to mail away for a "  Magic Window , " which was actually a cheaply produced , thin sheet of plastic that adhered to the TV screen by static electricity . "  Send your name and address , along with 50 cents , to Winky Dink , Box 5 , New York , 19 , New York ! " Those incessantly repeated words became one of the most familiar phrases in the land . Along with the plastic sheet that arrived in the mail were "  magic crayons . " Children were encouraged to place the sheet on their TV screen and watch the show each Saturday , so that Winky Dink could tell them what to do . They might be instructed to draw a ladder on a certain part of the sheet , or a chimney , or a bridge . Then the action on the television screen would combine with what the children had drawn on the plastic sheet to create a narrative-in-motion . It was a sensation , for a while . Children who did n't own the magic sheet or the magic crayons felt left out -- they could watch the show , but they were n't participating in the whole experience . Winky Dink guilted them into sending in the 50 cents so they were n't deprived of what every other kid on the block was doing . The show 's downfall derived from two things . According to author Billy Ingram , perhaps the world 's leading Winky Dink authority , many children who did n't own the plastic sheets simply took crayons they had around the house and , on Winky Dink 's cue , drew directly on the glass screens of their parents ' expensive first-generation television sets . And if that did n't make the parents angry enough , there was the concern that the children , by sitting so close to the TV sets as they drew , could be exposing themselves to harmful radiation . The original show went off the air in 1957 , and although there were short-lived attempts to revive it , it is now just a distant memory . But Winky Dink 's influence lives on in every screen that every person today regards as a two-way window . Which brings us to Bill Gates . There is a line that occasionally pops up in Winky Dink-related literature . The line quotes Gates -- it has him crediting "  Winky Dink and You " as "  the first interactive TV show . " It certainly would make sense . Gates and his Windows are the logical extension of Winky Dink and his Magic Window . Winky Dink and Gates both saw the true back-and-forth possibilities of those screens . What Gates has accomplished is essentially Winky Dink writ large . Very large . But , try as I might , I was unable to locate a reliable , rock-solid citation for that quote . Was is it real -- had Gates ever actually uttered the words ? Or was it merely some tall tale , repeated person-to-person by would-be believers ? I contacted the Microsoft corporate offices to ask if they could verify , for the sake of posterity , that Gates had , in fact , once sung the praises of Winky Dink . I had some false starts and hit some dead ends . But then , paydirt . I was able to get in touch with a man by the name of John Pinette , who once worked for Microsoft and who now is a spokesman for Gates himself . Pinette said he had a distinct recollection of having been present at the key moment : "  I remember the Winky Dink speech -- but do n't remember when Bill gave it  or where -- or to whom  . It was a brief example of ` here 's an early example of interactive TV ' before he went on to a bigger presentation of Microsoft 's TV efforts . "  He had one of the plastic film sheets -- and the Winky Dink box , if I remember correctly . " So there it is . Gates was born in 1955 , so it is unlikely that he remembers watching in first-run the original version of "  Winky Dink and You . " Perhaps he saw the subsequent attempts to bring the show back ; perhaps , like so many young Americans of the time , he simply found himself awash in the echoes of Winky 's legend . Every creative genius is influenced by someone . Plato was influenced by Socrates . Beethoven was influenced by Mozart . William Faulkner was influenced by Mark Twain . In some future century , a new Mount Rushmore may be carved , to celebrate the figures of our own era who changed the course of the world as dramatically as any presidents or statesmen . It will be only fitting and right if the three faces on the side of the mountain are those of Bill Gates , Steve Jobs and Winky Dink . Not necessarily in that order . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : A popular 1950s TV show featured interactivity with a screen Children were invited to draw on a plastic sheet placed on the TV showing "  Winky Dink and You " The show faded , not least because kids were drawing on the plastic sheet The question is , did Bill Gates actually call it the "  first interactive TV show , " or is that a wishful myth ?
Baghdad  CNN  -- Violence across Iraq has claimed nine lives in the past two days , officials with the nation 's interior ministry said Monday . Gunmen killed Arkan Yaqoub , a Christian citizen , who was shot dead along with his driver by gunmen as they were driving in central Mosul on Monday morning , said ministry officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of security concerns and because they are not authorized to talk to the media . Yaqoub was the deputy director of the state cement factory in Mosul . The motive behind his killing was unknown , but many Iraqi Christians have been targeted since 2004 by Sunni extremist groups , prompting many to flee the country . In Saqlawaiya , about 10 kilometers  6 miles  north of Falluja , two civilians were shot to death by gunmen Monday morning . The two were driving in a car when gunmen intercepted the vehicle on a highway , the officials said . The motive was unknown . In northeastern Baghdad 's al-Shaab neighborhood , a roadside bomb exploded near a minibus Monday , killing one civilian and wounding five others , the officials said . Elsewhere , a police officer at al-Kadhimiya civic court died when a bomb attached to his car exploded in the Saba al-Boor district of northern Baghdad . On Sunday , an Iraqi servicemember and a firefighter died when they responded to the scene of a roadside bombing . The bombing targeted a liquor store in the Abu Ghraib area of western Baghdad and set the building ablaze . When the servicemember and firefighter responded , another roadside bomb exploded . Six people were wounded . There have been at least 20 such bombings at liquor stores across Baghdad since the beginning of March , when the Iraqi government decided to reopen liquor stores and bars in the capital city . They had been closed for four months . The interior ministry officials said Sunni and Shiite extremists are believed to be behind the attacks . In the al-Taji district in Baghdad 's northern outskirts , an Iraqi police officer was shot by gunmen while driving in a car Sunday afternoon , the officials said . Atheel al-Nujaifi , Mosul 's governor , escaped a roadside bombing unharmed Monday morning . He was driving to Baghdad in a convoy consisting of six vehicles when a roadside bomb exploded at one of the vehicles . One of al-Nujaifi 's bodyguards was wounded , the interior ministry officials said . The incident occurred about 110 kilometers  68 miles  south of Mosul . Others were wounded in attacks , interior ministry officials said . Five civilians were wounded in a roadside bombing in eastern Baghdad on Monday , and two employees of a security company were wounded in another roadside bombing in southeastern Baghdad . On Sunday , a police lieutenant was wounded when a bomb attached to his car exploded . Overall , violence in Iraq is down considerably from its peak between 205 and 2007 . However , assassinations , gunfire and bombs remain regular occurrences .	A Christian citizen was shot dead along with his driver A bombing at a liquor store kills a servicemember and a firefighter Roadside bombings kill and injure several people
Back in 2010 , Google launched a short-lived social network service called "  Buzz . " Instead of simply promoting Buzz and urging users to sign up for it , or opt in , Google chose instead to sign up Gmail users as Buzz users . If users were n't happy , they could always opt out . It was a mess . Private e-mail addresses became publicly available as social network contacts . Users rebelled . The Federal Trade Commission investigated , Google backed off , and eventually the company settled with the FTC and agreed not to rope users into new services that they have n't signed up for . Now Google is back at it . This week the company announced that it was tying the inboxes of Gmail users to Google + users . By using Gmail addresses to autocomplete messages from Google + users , Google is basically giving strangers who may not know your e-mail address a way to connect with you through Gmail . This move may bolster short-term value for Google but reduces privacy for Gmail users . This announcement is partly about the ongoing competition with Facebook , but it is also about Google 's increasing integration of user data across various Internet services . That happened when Google decided to revise its privacy policy for Gmail and other Google products so that it could target more advertising and do more profiling of users . The consequences for users and for the Internet are troubling . From a privacy perspective , Google 's action makes it more likely that personal information of users will become more widely available . And as the Internet 's most dominant company , Google is exploiting its control over key Internet services to beat back competition and expand its market reach . Those who favor a free , open and democratic Internet should take note . Google is also unfairly expecting Gmail users to opt out of a service they never signed up for to maintain their current expectations of privacy . It 's fine if some users like the new feature . They should be free to opt in . But those who value privacy should not be expected to check their privacy settings every time a company alters its business model . With the latest change to Gmail , Google is testing the resolve of regulators to protect privacy . If government officials do not intervene , things could get much worse . At the moment , Google is simply using Gmail account addresses to auto-complete e-mail addresses for Google + . But of course Google is sitting on the biggest search database in the world and could also use that data it has collected from users to auto-complete e-mail addresses and much more . In 2010 , Google was right to back off the plan for Buzz and the Federal Trade Commission was right to pursue an investigation and help ensure that similar fiascos do not occur . But now that Google is once again commingling data in e-mail accounts and social network accounts , the Federal Trade Commission will need to intervene . Opting out is not the solution .	Google + users can now e-mail people without knowing their e-mail address Marc Rotenberg : The consequences for users and for the Internet are troubling He says Google should let users opt in rather than opt out of new privacy setting Rotenberg : If government officials do not intervene , things could get much worse
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Chanthu , the third typhoon of the West Pacific season , slowed down Thursday as it made its way over land in southern China . As the tropical storm drenched a region already inundated by heavy rain and deadly flooding , its top winds slowed to 63 mph  101 kph  . It had made landfall with winds above 70 mph at 1:45 p.m. in Wuchuan City in southern China 's Guangdong Province , the state-run Xinhua news agency said . The government ordered evacuations in severely affected areas , especially in ports , fishing farms on the sea , dilapidated housing and low-lying ground . It urged local governments to step up flood control efforts . No casualties have been reported so far . Torrential rains and flooding this year already have been the worst in a decade , claiming the lives of 701 people and leaving 347 missing , Xinhua said , citing government figures . Chanthu could drench some rain-swollen areas with another 20 inches of rain , said CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . As the storm moves by , an area of particular concern is the region along the Yangtze River , which already has experienced the worst flooding in 30 years . Floodgates on the Three Gorges Dam have been opened to control the flow , and pictures from the scene show huge volumes of water pouring from it . Throughout the country , floods have hit 27 provinces and municipalities , affecting 110 million people , according to Xinhua . It said more than 8 million people have been relocated . About 287,000 military personnel have been mobilized in anti-flood operations , and schools are being advised to do what they can to ensure students ' safety .	NEW : Typhoon is downgraded as it crosses over land Chanthu is the third typhoon of the season The storm is drenching a region already devastated by floods
CNN  -- The young woman at the center of the Supreme Court challenge to the University of Texas ' affirmative action policy was a good high school student , an accomplished musician and a frequent volunteer , according to information released by her legal team . When Abigail Noel Fisher filed the lawsuit challenging the rejection of her application to the school in 2008 , she was a senior ranked 82nd in her class of 674 at Stephen F. Austin High School in the Houston suburb of Sugar Land , according the lawsuit she filed against the university . On Monday , in its decision on whether race-conscious school admission policies violate the rights of some white applicants , the Supreme Court affirmed the use of race in the admissions process , but made it harder for institutions to use such policies to achieve diversity . The justices ' 7-1 decision threw the case back to the lower courts for further review . Fisher 's academic record placed her in the top 12 % of her classmates , and the school recognized her for academic excellence in each of her three years for scoring above 80 % in all of her classes , according to the complaint . Student voices differ on diversity She participated in math competitions and also was an accomplished cellist , according to her lawsuit . She was co-president of her high school orchestra and played in city and regional youth orchestras , according to the complaint . She was also an active volunteer , having worked with Habitat for Humanity , and used her musical skills to play holiday music at a nearby nursing home , among other efforts , the lawsuit indicates . She included those details in her application to the university , but was nevertheless rejected under a program for students who do n't land in the very top tier academically . Such students are automatically selected for admission . "  I was devastated , " The New York Times quoted her as saying in a story published in October , in what the newspaper said was her first interview since the university turned her down . Affirmative action under pressure "  I dreamt of going to UT ever since the second grade , " she said in a video interview released by her lawyers to bolster her case in September . "  My dad went there , my sister went there and tons of friends and family , and it was a tradition I wanted to continue . " Instead , she went on to study finance at Louisiana State University , where she graduated , according to The New York Times . She is working as a financial analyst in Austin , according to the newspaper . "  The only thing I missed out on was my post-graduation years , " the newspaper quoted her as saying . "  Just being in a network of U.T. graduates would have been a really nice thing to be in . And I probably would have gotten a better job offer had I gone to U.T. " In the video interview released by her lawyers , she said she does n't like any form of discrimination . "  I was taught from the time I was a little girl that any kind of discrimination was wrong . And for an institution of higher learning to act this way makes no sense to me , " she said . Opinion : Keep affirmative action but reform it "  If people say anything about me , I hope they say I did n't take this sitting down , " she said in the interview . "  I did n't accept the process because the process is wrong . " Should affirmative action still exist ? Share your thoughts on CNN iReport .	NEW : High court rules on case involving Abigail Noel Fisher 's suit against University of Texas The lawsuit provides a look at her high school record and accomplishments She says she 'd dreamed of attending university 's flagship Austin campus since childhood She went to Louisiana State University instead
The Ferguson , Missouri , police chief insisted Thursday that he wo n't step down -- despite continued unrest months after one of his officer 's fatally shot Michael Brown and high-level talks that could lead to his exit . "  I 'm going to stay and see this through , " Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN . The firestorm around Jackson began August 9 , when Officer Darren Wilson , who is white , shot Brown , an African-American teen . Wilson 's defenders have said he acted in self-defense , while Brown 's backers note the teenager was n't armed and claim he had his hands up when the fatal bullets hit him . The incident roused large and , at times , violent demonstrations in Ferguson . Jackson faced criticism over his department 's handling of the Brown shooting and the subsequent protests . Government officials say that Jackson 's future is part of talks involving local , state and congressional officials . Part of that discussion centers on what severance package the chief might get , as well as who would manage the Ferguson police department instead of him . Whether the chief wants it or not , the collective decision has been made that the Ferguson police will move ahead without him , according to the officials . All sides taking part in the talks had hoped Jackson would be able to step down on his own accord , instead of being forced out . But Jackson gave no indication Thursday that he 'll leave voluntarily , saying he plans to stay as long as the city manager and council support him . "  I certainly have the support of the police department and the community . I have a lot of support in the community , " he said . "  I think this is my job to complete , and I 'm going to do it . " The situation in Ferguson remains unsettled . Wilson 's fate is up in the air : He has n't been charged , though a grand jury is hearing evidence and will determine whether to indict him . And activists have n't shown any sign they 're ready to give up in pushing for Wilson 's prosecution and other , broader changes in Ferguson . Amid it all , Jackson says that "  this happened on my watch , and I intend to see it through , " he told CNN . "  I think I 'm very capable of doing that , and I have a lot of people behind me that believe so as well . " Investigation The Justice Department is investigating Ferguson police . Investigators are looking at the department 's use of force over the years ; analyzing stops , searches and arrests ; and examining the treatment of people detained at the city jail , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said . Holder has said the Justice Department 's investigation includes the department 's leadership . Some officials have expressed a desire to dissolve the entire department and turn over law enforcement to St. Louis County police . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests "  We 're looking at a whole variety of things , including the leadership of that department , the practices that the department engages in , the nature of the interaction between the department and the community that it is supposed to serve , " Holder said . Holder has declined to comment on whether the police chief should be removed , but he has not been shy about expressing his views . "  It 's pretty clear that the need for wholesale change is appropriate , " he said this month . Jackson has found fault with Holder 's remarks . "  He 's drawn a conclusion that wholesale change needs to be made , " said Jackson . "  We have a lot of good stuff going on , so I think he needs to be a little more specific . " The police chief also defended the handling of the sometimes violent protests in the wake of the shooting . "  There was firebombs thrown . There were shots fired , for several nights in a row , shots fired at police officers and vehicles . And through all of that , the tactics that were used resulted in no injuries to any protesters or police officers . So , that 's actually something to be quite happy about , " Jackson said . Apology Last month , Jackson released a video apology directed at Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest the teen 's death . In particular , he apologized that his department left Brown 's body in the street for four hours after the shooting , and for his department 's failure to protect the demonstrators ' right to assemble . He acknowledged that the incident had sparked a larger conversation about societal issues , saying Ferguson and the surrounding areas have "  much work to do . " "  Overnight , I went from being a small-town police chief to being part of a conversation about racism , equality and the role of policing in that conversation . As chief of police , I want to be part of that conversation . I also want to be part of the solution , " he said . "  For any mistakes I 've made , I take full responsibility . It 's an honor to serve the city of Ferguson and the people who live there . I look forward to working with you in the future to solve our problems , and once again , I deeply apologize to the Brown family , " he said . Later that day , he waded into a crowd at a protest and apologized again . Some people seemed satisfied by his apologies , but not everyone was eager to hear from him . One man shouted into a bullhorn , "  If you are not resigning tonight , go home . " What 's next ? Part of why he wants to stay , Jackson said , is because he finds it painful to watch what 's happening in his community . He said he wants to help heal it . Although the department has done a lot around the issue , police need to work harder on minority recruitment and retention , the chief said . Ferguson is a predominantly black community with a mostly white police force . At the time of Brown 's shooting , only three of the city 's 53 officers were African-American . Police can also put more of an emphasis on community-oriented policing and problem-solving , Jackson said . Asked whether those sort of changes will be enough to restore calm , the chief replied : "  What 's enough is sort of dependent on what 's the right thing to do , and that 's what I 'm focused on . " But he knows the issue is much bigger than one person . "  I 'm just one of the players . This is going to take the entire community , " Jackson said .	Officials : There 's a collective decision Ferguson will move on without Jackson Officials says chief 's future is part of talks , including what severance he 'd get Ferguson chief says he has "  a lot of people behind me , " wants to finish the job in city Jackson 's department has been under fire since the shooting death of Michael Brown
New York  CNN  -- A former teacher at a Brooklyn high school who claimed she was sexually harassed and verbally assaulted by her students has agreed to a $ 450,000 settlement from the city of New York , her attorney and school officials told CNN . As part of the settlement , Theresa Reel , 52 , resigned from the School for Legal Studies in Brooklyn in exchange for having poor ratings on her employment record cleared , her attorney said . The settlement was reached ahead of a trial that was scheduled to begin earlier this month . "  I think we had a very strong case , " said attorney Joshua Parkhurst , "  but this way my client can go on with her life . " Reel told CNN she was subjected to continuous verbal assaults and sexual harassment by students , who she claimed touched her breasts and wrote insults against her on a desk , shortly after she began working at the school in 2005 . The educator said she reported the students ' behavior to the school multiple times , but the principal 's response was worse than inadequate . "  I was told I wanted to make the school look bad , I was called a troublemaker , " she said . "  That was the worst for me : that my employer reacted this way . I felt so worthless . " In May 2008 , Parkhurst wrote the New York City Department of Education to complain about the harassment allegations and the school 's response , and to ask for compensation . He said his client in some instances had been reprimanded or threatened with discipline if she insisted the school administration take action in response to an incident . The department responded that in each instance of reported misconduct , the students involved were "  disciplined and/or dealt with appropriately , " and that no poor job performance marks against Reel were "  a result of reporting any incident involving a student . " The department also said that in the course of its investigation , it was advised of an occasion in which Reel "  wore a low-cut , V-neck , lace top while teaching one of her classes . " The senior counsel wrote that "  she should dress in an appropriate manner when working at school and teaching her classes . " Reel said she made multiple requests for a transfer from the school before filing a discrimination lawsuit . In May of this year , a judge ruled that there was sufficient evidence for a jury to decide the case and set the trial date for September 10 . The city made its settlement offer before the trial began . The education department said it does not comment on ongoing lawsuits or settlements , but the New York City Law Department issued a statement saying the agreement was based "  on an assessment of the City 's best interest in this case , which included obtaining an agreement from the plaintiff to leave the DOE 's employment and not seek to be employed by our school system again . " When she took the job at the Brooklyn high school , Reel said , she had already been teaching at the high school level for seven years . "  I am not a 22-year-old without any experience . I know how to handle a class , " she told CNN on Friday , but this experience was so bad that it brought her to the brink of suicide . "  Every school year I hoped the situation would get better but it did n't , " Reel said . "  I just did n't see the light at the end of the tunnel . I was emotionally and physically drained . " Now , she says , she is happy to go on with her life . "  I also hope what I did will empower other school teachers to go forward with similar cases . " Reel said she is "  relieved " by the settlement and would like to look for a new job , probably in another state .	Theresa Reel agrees to $ 450,000 settlement with the city Reel , 52 , claimed she was subjected to continuous harassment and verbal assaults A NYC Dept. of Education investigation claimed she dressed inappropriately Deal was reached ahead of a trial that was scheduled for September 10
Srinagar , Indian-Controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- One person was killed and four others injured Sunday when Indian security forces opened fire on a violent mob that tried to torch a paramilitary bunker in Srinagar , the capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir . The incident occurred during the funeral of a youth who died in the hospital Saturday night after he was allegedly beaten by members of the Indian paramilitary Central Reserve Police Force during violent protests last week . The family of 25-year-old Rafiq Bangroo said CRPF troopers struck him on the head with gun butts , causing a fatal skull injury . The CRPF has denied the allegation , saying Bangroo died after he was pelted with stones . Bangroo 's body was handed over to relatives . As it was being carried for burial Sunday , angry mobs charged at a bunker of the CRPF and attempted to burn it , police said . The CRPF troopers manning the bunker opened fire on the crowd . Five people were injured , and one , a 26-year-old man , later died . "  They tried to torch the bunker after damaging it . Our soldiers opened fire in self-defense , " CRPF spokesman Prabhakar Tripathi told CNN . As the clashes started spreading Sunday , Indian security forces were rushed to the area to enforce an undeclared curfew . Hundreds shouting "  We want freedom " joined the funeral procession . Bangroo 's death triggered impromptu protests in various parts of the city . Police and paramilitary troops used tear gas and baton charges and fired warning shots in the air in some spots to break up the angry protesters , according to authorities . The Kashmiri separatist group All Parties Hurriyat Conference has called for a Kashmir-wide shutdown Monday to protest the killings . Srinagar has been tense over the past week following the killing of another youth , a 17-year-old student who died June 11 after being struck in the head by a police-fired tear smoke shell . Kashmir been in the throes of a violent separatist campaign for over two decades and has been a source of conflict between India and Pakistan . The mounting toll in the region 's two-decade-old insurgency is placed at over 43,000 by officials , while various rights groups and NGOs put the figure at twice the official number .	Indian security forces open fire on protesters Authorities say group was attempting to torch paramilitary bunker Violence erupts during funeral of youth who died Youth 's family claims he was killed by police ; authorities deny allegation
CNN  Enjoying the first bite of a fresh juicy plum may well be described as a simple pleasure , but the process from farm to mouth involves careful planning and precision . In South Africa , the journey for many plums starts in the picturesque Franschhoek Valley in the Western Cape , where the climate is well-suited for growing the stone fruit . "  We 've got a slightly cooler summer than the rest of the area , " explains Jan Hoon Marketing Manager at Franschhoek Fruit Packers . "  Plums prefer cooler temperatures during the growing area of the plum , from after flowering until harvesting . So the time of the fruit on the tree is more , compared to other areas . " And it is plums that are the most important stone fruit to the South African economy , making up a bigger share of both production and exports than peaches and apricots . According to horticultural experts Hortgro , almost 16 million cartons of stone fruit were exported during the 2013-14 season , of which 10.5 million cartons were plums . Tight timing Hoon and his team are focused on getting the stone fruit out of the orchard , into the pack shed and off to market -- largely in Europe and the Middle East . In fact , approximately 70 % of plums grown in South Africa are destined to be sold overseas . "  They must be shipped for four weeks , " explains technical and quality assistant Ilse Botha . "  By the time they reach the market they -LSB- must be -RSB- completely edible and sweet . " Fortune Plums are a red variety with yellow flesh , but Hoon and Botha must pack the stone fruit before they are fully ripe and colored . "  If you do n't pick it at the right maturity , then it does n't get overseas at the right eating quality , " explains fruit farmer Tol Malherbe . "  We do -LSB- check -RSB- pressures to see that the maturity is right , " he continues . "  As soon as we do that it will go into the cold room for a day to cool it down after we pick it ... Then we take it out and pack it and we ship it . " According to the National Agricultural Marketing Council , plum production in South Africa has increased from 60,000 tons in 2009/2010 to nearly 80,000 tons in 2013/2014 . And Hortgro is expecting plum shipments to increase by around 10 % this year . But to ensure these forecasts are met , farmers like Malherbe need the right climatic conditions . "  Weather is quite a big factor for the plum industry , " Malherbe explains . "  If it rains , then we do n't have fruit on the trees or very little and if the weather is too dry or too hot then we 've got smaller fruit ... This year we are seven to 10 days earlier than last year , so the fruit is much smaller than the previous year . " Meeting standards In order to export fruit , certain criteria need to be met . Essential for plum producers is the Global Gap food safety certification , which gives shop customers and retailers in 118 countries the ability to trace a product right back to the farm . Fruit producers must also comply with standards set by the Sustainability Initiative of South Africa , which was established by the South African fruit industry to make sure labor practices in orchards and pack sheds are ethical . "  They 've got eight minimum steps ; forced labor , child labor , hours working of the laborers , " explains Malherbe . "  All that stuff needs to be in place on the farm and that 's quite a lot of paperwork that needs to be done . " But , for a company focused on selling abroad , the challenges do n't stop with paperwork . As the African market for stone fruit grows by 100 per cent year on year , the growers and producers need to adapt to the market . "  The infrastructure in Africa is very limited at the moment , " says Hoon . "  Not a lot of cold storages around in Africa . There are only a certain amount of plum varieties we are capable of exporting into Africa , but definitely Africa is a growing market . " But Hoon is also clear that the current established markets will continue to be important for the South African stone fruit industry . "  Our advantage is that we are almost 10 days quicker on transit time from South Africa into the European markets so in general in the stone fruit season in we produce about 60/70 % of the out of season stone fruit production for Europe , " he explains . "  We need to be better than our competition , which is mainly South America , so we just need to outperform them and deliver better quality for the markets . " More from Marketplace AfricaRead this : Sweet turnaround for Uganda 's sugar kingsRead this : African sushi hits Japan	Plums grow well in the cool climate of the Franschhoek Valley in South Africa South Africa exported 10.5 million cartons of plums in 2013-14 Plum shipments from South Africa are expected to increase by around 10 % this year Approximately 70 % of plums grown in South Africa are sold overseas
CNN  -- Myanmar security forces have been accused by a rights group of "  systematically " torturing civilians from an ethnic minority in the conflict-stricken state of Kachin . Bangkok-based Fortify Rights released its report on the alleged torture of Kachin civilians on Monday , the third anniversary of the resumption of hostilities between government forces and ethnic Kachin insurgents following a 17 year ceasefire . The report gathered testimony from 78 survivors and witnesses relating to the alleged torture of more than 60 victims by Myanmar 's army , police and military intelligence service , since the resumption of fighting . Fortify Rights ' executive director Matthew Smith said the alleged victims were perceived to be aligned with the Kachin Independence Army  KIA  , the ethnic rebel guerrilla force that has battled Myanmar 's army for decades . The alleged abuse appeared to have been carried out with the consent of senior officers , he said . "  The torture that we 've documented is not a secret practice , " he said . "  When the police , the army or military intelligence are torturing Kachin civilians , they 're not attempting to conceal it . They 're sending a very loud and clear message to the Kachin population that any sort of sympathy for the KIA , or any activities with the KIA , will be dealt with very severely . " The report said torture was most often committed by government troops trying to obtain information on the strength and movements of KIA fighters . Alleged victims reported being stabbed , beaten and having wire tied around their necks , hands and feet . Other claims included that security forces had placed bamboo over their victims ' heads or shins , and jumped or stood on it . Some were told to dig their own graves before being released , while others were made to lick their own blood off the ground following prolonged beatings , the report claimed . Other alleged victims said they had been sexually abused while detained . Smith said the alleged abuses , which his group believed constituted war crimes , seemed to be being committed with impunity . "  We 've documented such consistent practices across many different areas that would indicate that it is certainly a systematic practice and a widespread practice . " READ MORE : Myanmar city forgives but does n't forget sectarian violence The report also described the torture sessions as characterized by a degree of ethnic and religious discrimination , with the offenders often denigrating their victims ' ethnicity and Christian faith during the ordeal . "  You are Kachin , and we will kill all the Kachin , " one victim claimed to have been told . Many Kachin are Christian , while Myanmar is a majority Buddhist country . Ye Htut , a spokesman for Myanmar President Thein Sein , said he had not seen that report , but rejected the allegations of torture , accusing Fortify Rights of "  one-sided allegations . " "  Their report is not concrete evidence , " he said . "  If they have concrete evidence , they can send it to the government and the government will investigate thoroughly and punish  offenders  if we find they 've committed these crimes . We 'll take action according to our laws . " He said Myanmar security forces would "  never use torture as a weapon in the conflict areas , " and stressed that any individuals who did so would be in breach of government policy . "  There may be some individuals who commit this crime , but it is not the policy of the military or the government , " he said . "  You can not apply the individual action to the government policy . Some U.S. soldiers are making wrongdoing in Afghanistan and Iraq , but we should not say it is the policy of the U.S. military or government . " READ MORE : Aung San Suu Kyi and the Rohingya -- has ` The Lady ' lost her voice ? Smith said the report had been provided to the president 's office . "  If it 's not state policy , then they should demonstrate that by credibly investigating and prosecuting those that are responsible for these abuses , " he said . "  But we 're not seeing that , and this has been going on for three years now . " Fortify Rights said it shared the concerns expressed by the U.N. 's Special Rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar , Tomas Ojea Quintana , over allegations the KIA uses child soldiers , forced labor and landmines . But the report 's authors had found no evidence of the KIA using torture . Myanmar has been wracked with internal conflict , with ethnic minorities seeking greater autonomy , since shortly after the country , then known as Burma , gained independence from Britain in 1948 . The country 's quasi-civilian government , which replaced the military junta following sweeping reforms in 2011 , has been seeking a national ceasefire with 16 ethnic guerrilla forces . Since the 17-year ceasefire between the military and KIA forces crumbled in June 2011 , the two sides have held numerous peace talks , but fighting continues . The United Nations says that more than 100,000 people have been displaced in Kachin State and the north of neighboring Shan State , home to many Kachin , since the violence resumed . READ MORE : Fears of new unrest as Myanmar ponders monk-backed interfaith marriage ban Amnesty International says the situation faced by the displaced populations , currently housed in over 165 camps , is grave , with ongoing concerns about their access to shelter , clean water and sanitation . It issued a statement saying that the reports of ongoing alleged human rights violations by the military raised "  serious questions about the commitment to human rights reforms in the country " and threatened efforts to negotiate a nationwide ceasefire . Myanmar 's civil society groups have also reported sexual violence against women in Kachin areas since the resumption of fighting . The Kachin Women 's Association Thailand said in a statement that recent attacks by the Myanmar army in Kachin areas threw "  strong doubt on the government 's sincerity towards the peace process . " Citing recent cases of alleged rape by military forces , it called for tackling military sexual violence to be made a matter of priority during peace negotiations . READ MORE : Fears Rakhine extremists could drive more aid agencies out of Myanmar state	A rights group says it has documented more than 60 cases of torture of civilians in Myanmar The alleged torture occurred in Kachin State and northern Shan State over the past three years A 17 year ceasefire between the Kachin Independence Army and state forces ended in 2011 Myanmar 's government rejects the report and says torture is not part of military policy
CNN  -- Ronald Gray raped and battered at least seven women . He killed four , and left the others for dead -- the bodies dumped around Fort Bragg and the neighboring city of Fayetteville , North Carolina , between 1986 and 1987 . He was caught and , just as in the civilian system , he was tried . He was found guilty by a jury of his peers , just as in the civilian system . And a death sentence was passed , just as would have been possible in a civilian court for such a heinous crime . But when it comes to staying alive , history is on Gray 's side . The U.S. military has not executed one of its own since 1961 . The former soldier came close to being put to death in 2008 , when then President George W. Bush signed a warrant authorizing Gray 's execution -- a requirement for capital punishment in the military . A federal court gave Gray a last-minute temporary stay , and today he -- along with four other former servicemen -- remains on the military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . Army Maj. Nidal Hasan may become the next resident of the military 's death row , if he is convicted for the shooting rampage at Fort Hood that killed 13 people and sentenced to death . Opening statements in the murder trial are scheduled to begin August 6 . Legal issues , including whether cases were handled appropriately , have affected some cases , analysts say . A look at the last U.S. soldier executed by the military But a larger part of the equation appears to be the sometimes cloistered military culture , from a commanding general who can override a jury 's verdict to the routine military reshuffling of personnel , including prosecutors , defense attorneys and witnesses , every two or three years . "  The military is a community of solidarity , a brotherhood and sisterhood , all to its own , " defense lawyer Teresa Norris said . "  There is a real reluctance to execute fellow soldiers unless it 's absolutely the worst kind of case and this is the only way . " There is little disagreement by the Army that the death penalty is used only in extreme cases . But that does n't mean it wo n't mete out or carry out the punishment , it says . "  Adherence to the law , due process , and respect for the rights of someone accused of crime , combined with respect for civilian oversight of the military justice system , should not be mistaken for an unwillingness to execute the law , " said Lt. Col. S. Justin Platt , an Army spokesman at the Pentagon . Military terror convictions to get high-profile judicial review ` The Castle ' Norris represents former Army Pfc. Dwight Loving , sentenced to death in 1989 when he was 21 years old for robbing and murdering two cab drivers -- a retired sergeant and a soldier moonlighting to earn extra money -- at Fort Hood , Texas . Sent to an intimidating prison with a brick faÃ § ade at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , Loving for a time was expected to be the first person the military put to death in decades . Military officers and other important types were shown where he was kept in the stark prison known as "  the Castle , " reserved for the worst of the worst and the inspiration for a book and later a movie , "  The Last Castle , " starring Robert Redford as a court-martialed general . They were told , Norris says , that Loving would soon be executed . That was 1992 . Today , "  the Castle " has been rendered obsolete , and Loving is awaiting execution in a new , state-of-the-art military prison . "  Me and my client were essentially expecting an execution within 18 months , and here we are all these years later , " said Norris , who represented Loving as a military defense attorney and now as a civilian . Executing troops The U.S. military has executed 135 men since 1916 -- considered the start of the era of the modern fighting force -- for crimes ranging from murder to rape , according to the non-profit Death Penalty Information Center in Washington , D.C. Only 10 of these executions have taken place since 1951 . The U.S. military carried out its last execution on April 13 , 1961 , with the hanging of Army Pvt. John A. Bennett , who was convicted in 1955 of the rape and attempted murder of an 11-year-old Austrian girl . A number of death sentences were converted to life sentences in 1983 when a military appeals court found the death penalty was unconstitutional because of problems with the armed forces ' sentencing guidelines . A year later , President Ronald Reagan reinstated capital punishment in the military . Of the 16 people sent to the military 's death row since 1984 , 11 have had their sentences overturned . Two of those decisions were taken by commanding generals . The other nine cases were overturned by military appeals courts over various questions about the application of law . Unlike in civilian courts where prosecutors decide charges , a commanding general -- who has other duties -- decides whether a military defendant will face the death penalty . That general also can reduce a sentence . It 's one of the biggest differences with the civilian system and it leads to one of the major criticisms of the decentralized nature of the military judicial system , where each branch operates independently . "  Even if you have two identical cases , one being prosecuted by one commander at one base and other being prosecuted by a commander at another base , you may have different outcomes because the commanders may have different philosophies , " said Dwight Sullivan , a former Marine prosecutor and judge who now works as a civilian attorney specializing in military death penalty appeals . Such was the case with Curtis Allen Gibbs , a Marine who was sentenced to death in 1990 for killing and nearly decapitating a woman with a sword near Camp Lejeune . A jury returned a sentence of death for Gibbs , but a commanding general overturned the decision and gave him life . At the time , the general cited a reluctance to authorize the execution of a service member during a military conflict -- the Persian Gulf War , according to published accounts . "  He did n't want to impose the death penalty , and it struck me as strange because the jury had heard and evaluated all the evidence and decided that 's what he should get , " said Guy Womack , a retired Marine prosecutor who helmed the Gibbs case . As a result , Womack believes the problem lies not with military juries but rather with what follows : the commanding general and the appeals process . Once the death penalty has been handed down , an appeal is automatic and eventually reviewed by the military 's top court , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces -- even if the service member does n't want it . "  It 's a very slow process , and I do n't think they like the idea of confirming the death penalty , " said Womack , who now works as a civilian attorney who specializes in defending military clients . Today , the death sentences of all five men on the military 's death row are either on appeal or under legal review . "  The process by which legal matters in the military are adjudicated are taken extraordinarily seriously by a professional panel of peers that weigh all matters and due consideration at their due course , " said Army Lt. Col. Todd Breasseale , a Pentagon spokesman . Military chiefs oppose removing commanders from sexual assault probes Fewer cases If the Gulf War affected the Gibbs case , it may also have had a wider impact . The 1990-1991 conflict was the first major deployment of U.S. troops since Vietnam and may have made the military switch its focus , says Catherine Grosso , who co-authored a study that examined the military death penalty system . She found fewer death penalty cases brought by the military in recent decades . "  The important break point in the study is 1990 , " she said . Grosso did not come to conclusions for why this happened in her study , which addressed racial questions . But she told CNN that while legal changes in 1997 could have played a role by adding the option of a sentence of life without the possibility of parole , it does n't explain the drop in death penalty prosecutions before 1997 . That 's where the buildup to and fighting of the Gulf War , from 1990-1991 may have played a role . "  Maybe that made the military focus in a different way , " she said . But Eugene Fidell , a former judge advocate who teaches military justice at Yale Law School , said there is "  insufficient data to draw a broad conclusion . " "  Anyone who commits multiple murders is a viable candidate for a capital prosecution , regardless of the setting , " he said . "  The more victims , the likelier . " Present day Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales pleaded guilty last month to avoid the death penalty for killing 16 Afghan civilians in Kandahar in March 2012 . Most legal experts agree the case against Nidal Hasan , the Army psychiatrist accused of opening fire in 2009 at a deployment center at Fort Hood , will be tough to overcome -- given the evidence . "  This is broad daylight , multiple assaults before witnesses on a base , " Fidell said . "  As capital cases go , this is an easy one . " But whether a jury hands down a death sentence remains to be seen . And whether any death sentence is carried out is even more at question . Hagel orders review of military judicial authority	Five men are on the military 's death row Military has not executed anyone since 1961 Of 16 capital punishment verdicts since 1984 , 11 have been overturned Army Maj. Nidal Hasan could become the next resident of military death row
CNN  -- DJ and TV host Jimmy Savile was a larger-than-life personality . And a report released Thursday confirms he was also an extravagant sexual predator , using his access to hospitals as a volunteer porter and fundraiser to abuse victims aged from 5 to 75 . The review of Savile 's behavior at 28 hospitals across the United Kingdom makes shocking reading , detailing a catalog of abuses against some of Britain 's most vulnerable people over the course of decades . Protected by his celebrity and exploiting a network of relationships he built in hospitals , he carried out rapes , other sexual abuse and displayed an unhealthy interest in dead bodies in a hospital mortuary . Worse , the abuse went unchecked and unpunished , since the BBC entertainer died before the allegations against him were made public . UK Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt apologized in the House of Commons on Thursday to all the victims abused by Savile while in the care of the National Health Service -- and said the system had let down those who were brave enough to raise the alarm but had their complaints ignored . "  Savile was a callous , opportunistic , wicked predator who abused and raped individuals , many of them patients and young people , who expected and had a right to expect to be safe . His actions span five decades -- from the 1960s to 2010 , " Hunt said . "  The family favorite loved by millions courted popularity and used it to perpetrate and cover up his own evil acts . " Victims who complained were "  time and again " ignored , or if heard , little or no action was taken , Hunt said . "  People and institutions turned a blind eye . " "  As a nation at that time we held Savile in our affection as a somewhat eccentric national treasure with a strong commitment to charitable causes , " Hunt said . "  Today 's reports show that in reality he was a sickening and prolific sexual abuser who repeatedly exploited the trust of a nation for his own vile purposes . " Victims ' ages from 5 to 75 ` Abused and raped patients without scruple ' For a generation who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It , " the revelations that first emerged in 2012 were deeply disturbing . Thursday 's report into the full extent of his offending against children and adults , patients and staff , in 28 hospitals -- particularly Leeds Infirmary and Broadmoor Hospital , a high-security psychiatric institution -- will do nothing to reassure them . The Leeds Infirmary report reveals a sexual predator who , while volunteering as a porter , "  abused and raped patients without scruple , " said Hunt . Some 60 people reported abuse to the Leeds investigation , including a teenager who believed she was pregnant as a result of Savile 's actions , he said . "  Two witnesses told the investigation Savile claimed to have had jewellery made from glass eyes taken from bodies in the mortuary , " Hunt added , saying that other claims were too horrific to recount in parliament . The report cites one witness who tells how Savile recounted making trips to the hospital mortuary , where he claimed to have manipulated bodies before rigor mortis set in , taken photographs and performed sex acts on them . The report 's authors say they have "  no way of proving Savile 's claim that he interfered with the bodies of deceased patients in the mortuary . " However , it is established that he "  publicly declared his interest in the dead , " that he visited a friend who worked in the mortuary and that controls were lax for many years . "  In light of the claims about the glass eye jewellery and Savile 's interference with the bodies of the deceased , it is evident his interest in the mortuary was not within accepted boundaries , " it concludes . ` Very manipulative ' The report from Broadmoor said 10 people had alleged they were sexually assaulted by Savile , plus a case of indecent exposure involving a minor . The investigation concluded that at least five people were sexually abused and a sixth was more likely than not to have been . Five other victims could not be contacted for detailed accounts . The report gives an insight into how Savile was able to gain a position of influence at the secure institution that included giving him keys to wards and allowing him to watch female patients undress to bathe . "  Savile could be charming and persuasive , at least to some , but at the same time he was grandiose , narcissistic , arrogant and lacking any empathy , " it states . "  He was also very manipulative , and many staff were convinced that he had close connections in high places and had the power to have them dismissed . " Una O'Brien , permanent secretary of the Department of Health , said in a statement that "  inadequate processes " had allowed Savile to gain the position of authority at Broadmoor that aided his abusive behavior . "  While much has changed in the intervening years we will leave no stone unturned to make sure such appalling actions can never be repeated ; our thoughts today are with the people who suffered and continue to suffer from these terrible crimes , " she said . The UK 's NSPCC children 's charity said more must be done to safeguard children and ensure that an apparent "  culture of turning a blind eye " to abuse is not repeated . "  To hear that some hospital staff may have actively facilitated Savile 's abuse of children is sickening and takes the scandal of his crimes to yet another abhorrent level , " said Peter Watt , national services director for the charity . "  Savile escaped justice because people did n't want to hear or believe what children were saying . Ministers now need to be satisfied that this could never happen again and that children and vulnerable adults in hospitals or any government facility are safe today . " Savile died in October 2011 at age 84 , soon after being treated in a hospital for pneumonia . His long history of abuse emerged only a year later , thanks to a TV documentary by UK broadcaster ITV . The BBC , where he worked as a radio DJ and TV presenter , has set up a separate inquiry into abuses he carried out on BBC premises . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	28 hospitals release reports into abuse by Jimmy Savile of patients and staff Health secretary : "  Savile was a callous , opportunistic , wicked predator " Reports detail rapes , abuses and claims of sexual behavior with dead bodies TV star used his popularity "  to perpetrate and cover up his own evil acts , " health secretary says
CNN  -- The journey to interview Internet security guru John McAfee began with a secret phrase , a mysterious driver and a circuitous route full of left turns , right turns and U-turns . It concluded at a safe house on a tropical island paradise , where the 67-year-old was waiting in disguise -- as an old man with salt and pepper hair -- to tell his bizarre tale . "  It has n't been a lot of fun . I miss my prior life . Much of it has been deprivation . No baths , poor food , " McAfee told CNN Friday in his first on-camera interview since going on the run from Belize authorities who want to question him in the killing of his neighbor . Three people have been detained for questioning in the killing , police have said , and investigators are pursuing multiple leads . Three detained in killing of Internet pioneer 's neighbor Belize authorities say they only want to talk to McAfee about the November 11 shooting death of American businessman Gregory Faull , who was found dead in his home near San Pedro , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye . The case began to unfold on November 9 , when McAfee told police someone poisoned four of his dogs . To put them out of their misery , he shot each in the head and buried them on his property , a former girlfriend said . Officials say the dogs ' barking and aggressive behavior was a frequent source of friction between McAfee and Faull , a 52-year-old contractor who retired to Belize from Florida and lived next door . Two days later someone shot Faull in the head in his own living room . A 9 mm shell was found on the second step on the first floor , and Faull was found dead on the second floor . Former girlfriend says McAfee ` frightened for his life ' During the interview , McAfee said he did not kill Faull and did not pay anybody to kill the man . So why not surrender to police for questioning ? "  I will not , " McAfee said , adding his priority is to clear his name . To hear McAfee , who is not a suspect , tell it : He 's a man on the run , afraid for his life , from authorities who he has been at odds with since refusing to pay a bribe to a politician months earlier . McAfee is so fearful , he says , that he carries up to a dozen disposable cell phones at one time . He estimates he has gone through 200 since he fled more than three weeks ago . In fact , he only agreed to an interview with CNN after a number of conversations that involved middle men , telephone calls with ever changing numbers and , finally , a cloak and dagger meeting complete with a secret phrase and response . The phrase : "  Sorry I 'm late . " The response : "  That 's OK , we are waiting for our co-worker . " McAfee 's near daily "  catch me if you can " game is wearing thin with investigators , who are baffled and angered by the allegations . Recently , he began a blog -- www.whoismcafee.com -- to chronicle his time on the run , the media 's portrayal of him and what he describes as harassment by the Belize government . The longer it all goes on , the more suspicious police become . McAfee does n't know how the story will play out . "  I do n't have a crystal ball . I 'm going to fight until something changes , " he said . "  I will certainly not turn myself in , and I will certainly not quit fighting . I will not stop my blog . " For the software security pioneer , the end will come only if he 's arrested or he gets away from corrupt officials . "  Get away does n't mean leave the country . It means they will , No. 1 , find the murderer of Mr. Faull and , No. 2 , the people of this country -- who are by and large terrified to speak out -- start speaking out , " he said . McAfee founded his namesake computer security software in 1987 , running it initially out of his home in California . He sold his stake in McAfee Associates in 1994 . A 2009 story in the New York Times indicated his fortune had plunged to $ 4 million from its $ 100 million peak , due largely to the real estate and stock market crashes that hit his investments . McAfee moved to Belize in 2008 . And in February 2010 , he started QuorumEx , which claims on its website to be trying to "  re-invent the way modern medicine combats and disarms pathogenic bacteria . " CNN 's Martin Savidge reported from Belize . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter wrote the story from Atlanta .	John McAfee tells CNN he did not kill his neighbor , nor did he hire somebody to do it "  I will certainly not turn myself in , " he says McAfee , 67 , is wanted for questioning by Belize authorities in the killing of Gregory Faull McAfee founded his namesake pioneering anti-virus software company in 1987
Departures.com  -- As travelers continue to swarm Europe every summer -- crowding the Michelin-starred restaurants of Paris and Copenhagen , stuffing into Tuscan villas for gnocchi-making classes and partying on the beaches of Saint-Tropez , Capri and Ibiza -- many locals have found secret hideaways that allow them to avoid the crowds at all costs . Unlike Americans  and , increasingly , Asians and South Americans  , many Europeans do n't view sightseeing , culture and history as essential components of a summer holiday , since they often have those experiences year-round in their hometowns and cities . "  Europeans are usually more concerned with quality hotel accommodations , good food and one-of-a-kind shopping , " says Chrismar Kuhn , a Basel-based luxury travel agent and fan of Sylt , a German North Sea island . And those in the Mediterranean have been dodging tourists for centuries . Many chic Romans travel to the breezy hush-hush island of Panarea , the smallest and poshest of the Aeolian Islands , off the coast of Sicily ; the French -- who try harder than anyone to avoid tourists -- hike in the Drôme , sail in Vannes or go "  glamping " in Loire-Atlantique . Follow their lead and pay a visit to one of these 10 lesser-known European destinations . Departures.com : Amazing first-class air cabins The Jura and Three Lakes Region , Switzerland Nobody loves secrets more than the Swiss . But nobody loves St. Moritz and Gstaad more than moneyed Russians , Americans and Brits , eager to take part in boozy mile-high après-ski parties . Family-friendly Lenzerheide has lured Swiss celebs like Roger Federer , but the spectacular Jura Mountains in the northwest remain a rugged , undeveloped region that is an anomaly in the resort-speckled country . Located on the edge of the region is Neuchâtel and the Hôtel Palafitte  from $ 350 ; Route des Gouttes-d'Or 2 ; 41-32/723 -0202 ; palafitte.ch  , a contemporary favorite of the Swiss , who happily give up their fondue stübli for this modern gem . Bornholm , Denmark The phenomenon of "  new Nordic " cuisine has created a new Nordic invasion , and getting a table at one of Copenhagen 's buzzy , Michelin-starred restaurants has become more challenging than navigating the city on a bike during rush hour . Fortunately , sensible Danes know when enough is enough . Come high season they flee the city limits for islands like Bornholm and Samsø , where they can get back to life 's simple pleasures . Windswept Bornholm is known for its round churches , smoked herring and pottery . The tiny fishing village of Gudhjem is home to Stammershalle Badehotel  from $ 250 ; Sdr . Strandvej 128 ; 45/5648 -4210 ; stammershalle-badehotel . dk  , whose welcoming potbellied stove is all the luxury you 'll need . Departures.com : America 's best rooftop bars Cavtat , Croatia Though Dubrovnik remains a posh Adriatic go-to , its share of cruise-ship passengers and fortress wall-walking British , German and American tourists increases every year . Many locals sneak 30 minutes south to leafy , cultured Cavtat  pronounced "  Tsav-tat "  , which has long been a secret weekend getaway for the affluent . The swank Hotel Croatia Cavtat  from $ 250 ; 385-20/430 -830 ; alh.hr  overlooks the entire harbor . Its distinct 1970s James Bond-esque exteriors might be off-putting to tourists , but the luxuriously refurbished five-star hotel has swaddled many a VIP within its walls . Cheltenham , Cotswolds , England Brits looking to escape the Olympics are renting out their homes in record numbers and temporarily heading for greener , less-crowded pastures in the bucolic countryside . Places reachable in less than fours hours -- such as Somerset , known for rolling hills and cider , and charming villages in the Cotswolds like Stow-on-the-Wold -- are especially popular . The upscale spa town of Cheltenham is the home of British steeplechase horse racing and the Montpellier Chapter  from $ 200 ; Bayshill Rd. ; 44-1242/527 -788 ; themontpellierchapterhotel.com  , a posh inn filled with modern art and Eames furniture . Depatures.com : The world 's most outrageous hotel perks Fiskebäckskil , Sweden As hordes of fans eager to get close to the setting of Stieg Larsson 's "  Millennium " trilogy swarm Stockholm , many Swedes head west to the ruggedly tranquil "  crime fiction coast , " where renowned writers and readers alike hole up in places like blustery Marstrand , the rocky Väderöarna Islands and charming Fiskebäckskil , the former summer grounds of Ingrid Bergman and a source of inspiration for modern crime-fiction writer Camilla Läckberg , whose novel "  The Ice Princess " is set there . After reading your fill of crime literature , plunge into the sea from the glass-enclosed sauna at the modern Gullmarsstrand Hotel  from $ 200 ; 451 78 Fiskebäckskil ; 46-523-66-77-88 ; gullmarsstrand.se  . 5 trips for crime fiction lovers Grignan , Drôme , France No one tries to avoid tourists more than the French , who have an annual six-week grand vacance to help them do so . As the world 's most-visited country , many French travelers are forced to sacrifice popular destinations like Normandy and Provence for lesser-known but equally beautiful départements like Morbihan and the Loire-Atlantique . The village of Grignan in Drôme hits all the criteria for a secret French hideaway : It 's historic , of culinary interest and offers Gauls a chance to reconnect with nature . Ditto for Le Claire de la Plume  from $ 150 ; 2 Place du Mail ; 33-4/75 -91 -81 -30 ; clairplume.com  , a small inn once used as a truffle house by Picasso 's girlfriend and today visited by Bernadette Chirac and chanteuse Arielle Dombasle . Depatures.com : Spectacular hotel rooftop pools Nordmøre , Norway Dodging tourists tethered to cruise ships in Norway 's fjords is no easy feat . To get away , many Norwegians retreat to the jagged , UNESCO-free Lofoten Islands , but under-sung Nordmøre also gets its share of locals seeking refuge . Perched just off Norway 's western coast , just 20 minutes south of Kristiansund , is Håholmen Havstuer  from $ 200 ; Kårvåg , 6530 Averøy ; 47-71/517 -250 ; haholmen.no  , a renovated 17th-century fishing camp turned posh retreat . Take a ten-minute crossing on the hotel 's private boat and enjoy fish soup and bacalao fireside atop the Håholmen dining room 's burnished timber floor -- with nary a mega cruise ship in sight . Panarea , Aeolian Islands , Sicily , Italy Known as the set locale for Michelangelo Antonioni 's "  L'Avventura , " Panarea remains a secret hideaway for the jet and yacht sets , but could very well become the Mediterranean 's next Capri . The smallest and chicest of the Aeolian Islands is home to moneyed Romans and wealthy Sicilians , and welcomes a roster of VIP regulars as well , including Anish Kapoor , Princess Caroline , Prince William and Roberto Cavalli . Hotel Raya  from $ 150 ; 39-90/983 -013 ; hotelraya.it  is the island 's ground zero of chic and regularly the scene of la dolce vita canoodling . Depatures.com : Top yoga retreats Serra de Tramuntana , Deià , Majorca , Spain Majorca might not be a secret , but Serra de Tramuntana -- its mountainous northwest coast -- is a world apart from Palma 's crowded beaches , budget hotels and sunburned Europeans from all points north . The seaside village is home to abandoned estates , steep limestone seawalls and scenic pine forests , and artists and locals flock here to get away from high-season madness . La Residencia  from $ 350 ; 34-971/636 -046 ; hotel-laresidencia . com  is nestled into orange and citrus groves in the village of Deià , an artists ' colony that attracted Robert Graves , Anaïs Nin and , more recently , Richard Branson and Mick Jagger . Sylt , Germany This sandy North Sea island , located three hours northeast of Hamburg , has often been referred to as Germany 's Hamptons and remains the discreet summer grounds of wealthy Germans swathed in Hermès . The reed-thatched Dorint Söl ` ring Hof  from $ 550 ; Am Sandwall 1 ; 49-465/183 -6200 ; soelring-hof . de  is a charming 15-room inn that rises over the dunes studded with wild rose bushes just enough to give guests an open sea view . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	While travelers swarm Europe every summer , many locals have found hideaways The French village of Grignan is a lesser-known destination locals enjoy North Sea island Sylt is often referred to as Germany 's Hamptons
I have always romanticized the family ski vacation -- that 's before I actually started skiing with my own children . What no one warns you about is that skiing with young kids can suck the relaxation right out of you . I am the ski Sherpa , schlepping my kids ' boots , skis and poles , as hand warmers and granola bars bulge from my pockets . By the time I get to the slopes , even in the midst of a Polar Vortex , I am sweating right through my Hot Chillys long underwear . Welcome to Vail and the Sachs family ski trip of 2014 . My kids are pumped to be in Vail , home to several Olympic athletes , and the Sochi Games have just kicked off . The conditions are fabulous , with snow dumping at an exceptional rate . After a day of lessons , both of my kids are officially better skiers than I. And I am wiped . My thighs are aching from plowing through the 20 inches of fresh powder . It was glorious ; I 'm just pooped . If it were n't for my debilitating headache at 10,000 feet , a cocktail would be in order . But alas , it 's Colorado and legalized weed has given après ski a new meaning -- so I start weighing my options . When you are traveling with precocious tween kids who are super judgy about any type of smoking and recoil from the stench of beer , how do you even broach the subject of marijuana ? Mommy needs her glass of wine is now mommy needs her hit of weed ? It feels wrong , but maybe that 's why it 's so exciting to even contemplate . Still , my kids are not sophisticated enough to understand the nuances or subtleties of life or why parents do what they do to relax and reinvigorate . There are some things they just do n't need to know , and I decide this is one of them . At their age , it 's probably best to keep it black and white . Drugs , drinking and sex are all bad -- very bad ! I considered drawing others into my quest for the green stuff . We were staying at the gorgeous , new Solaris luxury residences in Vail . I was assigned a concierge named Ilse to do everything from stock my fridge to schedule my son 's snowmobiling adventure . Could I also ask Ilse to hook me up with pot ? I felt like I was 16 years old again , trying to score some wine coolers . It may be legal , but it still seemed illicit . I could n't bring myself to ask Ilse , but I did check the weed situation with Bob Armour , my awesome ski instructor who also happens to be the former mayor of Vail . They wear many hats in this town . Bob confirmed that the Vail Resort is pot-free and smoking on their magnificent mountain is illegal . It 's federal land and lighting up outside is a big no-no . They take it seriously in Vail -- I get it . No one wants stoned skiers near themselves or their kids . But I would argue that boozing boarders are just as scary and there 's no shortage of alcohol at ski resorts in America . So while weed was n't for sale anywhere in Eagle County , a quick Google search and a click on the Best Buds app turned up a half-dozen dispensaries within an hour 's drive . In Colorado you can ski a bowl in Vail and smoke a bowl in Breckenridge , all in a few hours . The PR folks may scoff at that tagline , not wanting to sully the sophisticated image of Colorado skiing , but it could be a boon for the industry . Utah has Sundance ; Colorado has Mary Jane . And after a day of hard skiing , you may just want to skip the Hot Toddy and relax with a tasty pot edible instead . With my husband 's enthusiastic support , I went in search of the Cannabis Club in Breckenridge . It felt a little stealth as I told my kids that mommy needed to run a few errands before Valentine 's Day . So I cranked up some tunes in my rental minivan and hit Interstate 70 to downtown Breckenridge , where the marijuana market is nestled along the picturesque main street across from a Starbucks . After consulting the Cannabis Club 's petite , blonde , 20-something budtender -- that 's what they call themselves - I bought a $ 25 chocolate chip cranberry "  Lucie in the Sky " cookie and some THC-infused chocolate truffles in a shiny , silver package . I considered the gummies , but the chocolate seemed more festive . A couple of doors down , I found a fancy candy store for my kids . Mission accomplished . Chocolate-covered strawberries for my children , THC chocolate truffles for my man -- happy Valentine 's Day ! Even though it was all perfectly legit , I felt a little giddy . Old habits , I suppose . At night after the kids were asleep , my husband and I nibbled on the jumbo cookie and watched some Olympic slopestyle , waiting for Lucie to work her magic . She was to be my masseuse-by-pot-proxy , easing my tired and aching body into a blissful , peaceful state . After all , I never can break away to a spa on a family ski trip . It 's too time consuming and it 's tough to grab an alone moment when we are away . But Lucie , well , she 's conveniently sitting on my nightstand waiting to be appreciated . We made sure to keep Lucie locked in our bedroom so as not to confuse her with my kids ' cookies in the kitchen . Earlier , my budtender warned me to only eat a quarter of the cookie , but I must have consumed more than was recommended because the next eight hours turned into a heart-racing , chest-thumping , head-spinning trip . The potency of edibles is apparently unreliable , and they can pack a punch . Who knew ? The next morning after some strong coffee , I was back in the heated , Wi-Fi gondola , not only happy that I could finally stand , but psyched to squeeze in a few more hours of Vail powder before the trek back East . My THC cookie did n't give me the relaxing zen that I was hoping to have , but I did n't regret the experience . Next time I could do without the heart palpitations and pay closer attention to my budtender 's recommendations . Perhaps the oatmeal raisin cookie would have been mellower . A week later , my kids were still talking about the 50,000-plus vertical feet they shredded as recorded on their handy EpicMix app . As for me and my chocolate truffles , it 's illegal to transport any form of cannabis over state lines . Those weed amnesty drop boxes popping up at airports around the state are probably getting a lot of action , and not just from stoners . Colorado skiing has always been known for its Rocky Mountains and blue skies ; now après ski gives the family ski trip a whole new high . Parents , weigh in below : While on a trip with the kids , would you use pot to relax -- the same way you might have a drink after the kids are asleep ?	Wendy Sachs wanted to try using pot to relax during a family vacation in Colorado Weed is legal in the state , and she looked up a local dispensary for supplies Sachs kept her children in the dark about it ; they are n't old enough to understand The high was n't all she hoped , but it lent a new aspect to the traditional family ski trip
CNN  -- The mother of a 25-year-old woman killed in a Boston hotel more than a week ago said Friday that she will remain haunted by her daughter 's death for the rest of her life . The mother of Julissa Brisman says she remains haunted by her daughter 's death . "  Our family has been devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter , Julissa , " Carmen Guzman said in a statement released Friday , which would have been Julissa Brisman 's 26th birthday . "  The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life , " Guzman said . "  She wo n't live to see her dreams . We will hold Julissa in our hearts every day . " Philip Markoff , 23 , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing Brisman on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police have said that Brisman , a model from New York , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds Web site Craigslist . They say Markoff may have met her through the online site . Prosecutors say Brisman sustained blunt head trauma , and said she was shot three times at close range . One of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , prosecutors said . Markoff , who was arraigned Tuesday , is being held without bail . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , according to Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley . Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler , 29 , at a Westin Hotel in Boston . Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express giftcards , according to police reports . She was held at gunpoint and bound , prosecutors said . Megan McAllister , who identified herself as Markoff 's fiancee , maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " she wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area " but that had not been determined .	Mother of Craigslist victim Julissa Brisman says family ` devastated ' by loss Philip Markoff , 23 , charged in Brisman 's death Police say Markoff met Brisman on popular online classifieds Web site Markoff 's family , fiance maintains his innocence of charges
CNN  -- Jihadist social media postings helped lead to the arrest and charging of four Los Angeles area men who were allegedly on their way to Afghanistan to train with the Taliban and join al Qaeda , federal officials said . They were also plotting to kill American soldiers and bomb government installations , according to a joint statement Monday by the FBI and the U.S. Attorney in Los Angeles . One of the men , a U.S. citizen born in Afghanistan , encouraged two of the others to embrace violent Islamic doctrine by introducing them online to radical teachings , including those of deceased U.S.-born al-Qaeda imam Anwar al-Awlaki . The three exposed their connection to each other and their radical leanings explicitly on Facebook for over a year . And one of them detailed his intentions to participate in jihad in an online chat with an FBI employee . Another man was recruited at a later point to join the other three in their training . All four were charged Monday in a federal court in California , where three of them appeared for the first time . One of the men was already in Afghanistan , where he was apprehended , said U.S. attorney AndrÃ © Birotte Jr. and assistant director Bill Lewis from the FBI 's Los Angeles field office in a joint statement . Sohiel Omar Kabir , Ralph Deleon , Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales and Arifeen David Gojali face charges of supporting terrorists who conspired to kill , kidnap or harm U.S. officers and other U.S. citizens , as well as bomb public places and government facilities . The Joint Terrorism Task Force in Riverside , California , arrested Deleon , 23 , Santana , 21 , and Gojali , 21 , on Friday . Kabir , 34 , is in custody in Afghanistan , according to the criminal complaint submitted to the U.S. District Court . At a detention hearing Monday , Deleon and Santana were ordered held without bond pending another hearing on December 3 . Gojali requested a delay in his detention hearing , according to the FBI , and it was rescheduled for next Monday . He will be held at least until that court appearance . "  If you notice their ethnicities , they 're all from a variety of backgrounds , " David Bowdich of the FBI told reporters Tuesday . "  You have Philippino , Vietnamese , Mexican and Afghani . "  They all had one common cause , " he added , referring to the alleged terrorism . Bowdich is the special agent in charge of the counterterrorism division at the FBI 's Los Angeles office . According to authorities , Kabir is a naturalized U.S. citizen , who was born in Afghanistan and lived in Pomona , California . Deleon is a permanent U.S. resident living in Ontario and was born in the Philippines . Santana , a resident of Upland , is a lawful permanent resident , born in Mexico , who has applied for U.S. citizenship . Gojali , 21 , of Riverside , is a U.S. citizen . The men face a maximum sentence of 15 years in a federal prison , if convicted . Kabir entered the U.S. Air Force on July 20 , 2000 , and was honorably discharged on December 17 , 2001 , said spokesman Mike Dickerson of the U.S. Air Force Personnel Center . He was an airman first class whose specialty was mobility technician -- a logistics post -- and he served at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in Arizona , Dickerson said . Kabir also spent six months in Germany before arriving in Afghanistan last July , where he was preparing for the others ' arrival . Deleon 's attorney , Randolph Driggs of Orange , California , declined to comment Tuesday . The attorney for Santana also declined to comment Tuesday . The 74-page complaint details evidence collected against the men from online chats with FBI employees , travel documents , extensive contact with an informant , recorded conversations and their active social media accounts . Kabir , Santana and Deleon all posted radical jihad content to their Facebook page , the court documents allege . But Kabir 's page in particular contained multiple links to and videos by al-Awlaki , videos depicting mujahideen fighters in Afghanistan , improvised explosive devices and suicide bombings . "  Deleon and Santana ` liked ' postings on Kabir 's Facebook page as early as May 2011 , " according to the court document . Kabir led Santana and Deleon to convert and join the Taliban , eventually leading to membership in al-Qaeda , the criminal complaint alleges . Santana recruited Gojali , the fourth man , to join them for the trip abroad to train as terrorists . Santana tipped off authorities about his militant inclinations when a customs officer at the border with Mexico questioned him about the jihad magazine "  Inspire " he was carrying into the United States . He allegedly engaged in chat conversations with an FBI "  online covert employee " and confirmed his desire to join al Qaeda . An unnamed "  confidential source " working for the FBI won the trust of Santana and Deleon , according to the complaint , spent time with them and recorded many of their conversations . "  Santana and Deleon told a confidential source ... that they planned to travel to Afghanistan to engage in "  violent jihad , " the FBI and U.S. Attorney statement said . Their conversations with the confidential source revealed details of their "  travel logistics , including flights , passports and visas . " Kabir was to meet up with the three others and lead them to the Taliban , the court document said . Santana and Deleon allegedly pre-trained on a firing range and at a paintball center and took the confidential source along with them . Deleon told the confidential source he would quit school and withdraw his tuition money to help pay for the trip to Afghanistan , the criminal complaint said . Santana told the confidential source said he would like to drive a truck bomb , if he could do it with a big truck . "  Just drive it into like the baddest military base , " he said , according to the document . "  If I 'm gon na do , I 'm gon na do that . I 'm gon na take out a whole base . " CNN 's Irving Last , Jaqueline Hurtado , Michael Martinez , Kyung Lah and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	One defendant served in U.S. Air Force at Davis-Monthan base in Arizona The four defendants come from ` variety ' of ethnic backgrounds , FBI says Three of the men had openly posted jihad content to Facebook One man was already in Afghanistan making arrangements for the others
Editor 's note : Tara Wall is deputy editor for The Washington Times . Before joining the newspaper , she was a senior adviser for the Republican National Committee and was named a public affairs director in the Department of Health and Human Services by President Bush . Read her columns here . Tara Wall says President Bush will be remembered for keeping America safe . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In his final radio address as president-elect on the Sunday ahead of his inauguration , Barack Obama said President Bush "  extended the hand of cooperation " to him throughout this period of transition . It was a final act of civility , on Mr. Bush 's part . It is a trait that is not surprising to those who know Bush  or those paying some attention at least half of the time  . At least one Democrat has given him credit for it . Unfortunately , that tone of civility has been lost on the Democratic leadership over the past eight years . Civility aside , how others -- more importantly , history -- will judge the 43rd president of the United States , is the question that has followed Bush out the door . Lucky for him , it wo n't just be up to Democrats to determine . "  I believe President Bush will be vindicated , " said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in an interview a couple of weeks ago . She may be an ardent defender of Bush , but I believe she 's right . She , like I , have a different vantage point than what has been routinely portrayed . While sitting in the Oval Office with the 43rd president , for what was his last official week in office last Thursday , I got the sense that he feels he will be vindicated , too . He wo n't say as much , directly , but indirectly points to what matters most in his eyes -- protecting the homeland . "  History will eventually see ... that not only was it necessary to take the steps I took , but -LSB- they -RSB- led to a better world , " the president told me . On a personal level  and for the sake of full disclosure  , I must say that I have had the pleasure of working for and knowing Bush from his first campaign for president and throughout his presidency . I started as a volunteer in 1999 , then worked as a spokeswoman during his second campaign and then as an appointee in his administration . Not only have I counted it an honor and a privilege to serve the 43rd president , but I have always had a deep respect for him as a person of faith , his strident conviction in doing what was right for the country and his commitment to closing the disparities that exist between black and white Americans -- no matter the mistakes made and lessons learned . Above all , it is his dignity and civility that stand out to me most . Yet , for many conservatives  not just liberals  , Bush has failed on many fronts . From the miscalculation of the insurgency in Iraq , to failed intelligence gathering and the issues of maintaining fiscal conservatism and delivering real immigration reform -- I ca n't tell you how many Republicans and conservatives I 've spoken to over this past year who have told me how "  disappointed " they 've been with Bush . A few among them voted for "  change " as a result . The legacy Bush leaves behind wo n't be everything he wanted  particularly as it relates to popularity  , but on many fronts , it will be better than that of his predecessor . Bill Clinton may have been popular , but his moral failings brought shame on the office of the presidency and tainted the people 's house . That will forever be a stain on Clinton 's legacy . Not to mention , there was no such "  civility " or "  cooperation " when Clinton turned the keys over to Bush . I prefer principle over popularity any day . On the moral front , President Bush delivered . On the social front , he delivered . On the fiscal front he failed considerably . Yet , on the national security front and on many domestic policies , he succeeded . Depending on your vantage point , success may mean something wholly different . The details will be debated for decades to come . Among the many uncertainties , one thing is certain -- you ca n't judge history in the midst of it . Declaring one "  the worst " president while he 's still in office is an effort in rhetorical futility . Historians know this all too well . The best prediction one can make was summed up by presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin on "  Meet the Press " last year : "  If Iraq became the model democracy or even just a democracy , and in doing so changed the whole complexion of the Middle East , then obviously that would be the legacy that would justify what Bush did and what our troops did . " And that 's exactly what Mr. Bush is banking on . During my Oval Office interview with the president , I asked him to complete the sentence "  President Bush was ... -LSB- fill in the blank -RSB- . " He responded  uncharacteristically in third person  : "  President Bush was the president at a time when our nation was attacked , he clearly saw the dangers , he pursued the enemy , he put tools in place so the professionals could better protect the people , and the homeland was not attacked . " That is the legacy he wants . Popular or not , he kept America safe . And if nothing else , for that , he will be vindicated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Wall .	Tara Wall : Barack Obama praised President Bush for cooperative nature of transition Wall : It was a final act of civility by Bush ; she says he was n't given same by Clinton She says Bush delivered on national security and many domestic issues Bush will be remembered for keeping America safe , Wall says
CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande and the first lady parted ways Saturday , with the leader declaring it 's over and his partner of several years bidding farewell to the staff of the presidential residence . The breakup occurred in the wake of a media account earlier this month about Hollande allegedly having an affair with actress Julie Gayet . Hollande told a French news outlet Saturday he is ending his relationship with his partner , Valerie Trierweiler . "  I wish to make it known that I have ended my shared life  partnership  with Valerie Trierweiler , " Hollande is quoted as saying to Agence France-Presse . Trierweiler sent a goodbye message Saturday via Twitter to the staff at the presidential palace . "  All my gratitude goes to the extraordinary people at the Ã ‰ lysÃ © es . I will never forget the devotion or emotion at the time of leaving , " she wrote . Hollande 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since the French magazine Closer claimed this month he was having a two-year affair with Gayet . Speculation about the split swirled Saturday after a French national weekly reported that Hollande was expected to announce his separation from Trierweiler on Saturday , a day before Trierweiler travels to India . The story was picked up by several French media outlets . But the French presidency initially denied the report that an announcement would be made . "  It is a rumor that circulated on the Internet today . There is absolutely no confirmation of the publication of a statement today , " the palace press officer told CNN . U.S. trip planned for February Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but did threaten legal action . At his first press conference of the year , Hollande said he and France 's first lady were going through "  painful moments . " The allegations had left Trierweiler 's position in some doubt , namely ahead of a planned trip to Washington in February . She has been Hollande 's partner for several years . An arts columnist for weekly magazine Paris Match , she is not married to Hollande but assumed the role of first lady at official functions following his election in May 2012 . Her attorney , Frederique Giffard , told French daily newspaper Le Figaro this week that the couple were working to issue a "  clarification " concerning their relationship . Last weekend , Trierweiler left the hospital where she 'd spent a week being treated for stress and fatigue , Paris Match magazine reported . The same magazine also said she would recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . Hollande , 59 , has seen his personal approval ratings plummet since his election , although this has been attributed to dissatisfaction with his leadership rather than disapproval of his private life . A recent survey by French pollster Ifop with Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than 80 % of respondents had not changed their opinion of the President based on the allegations of an affair . Hollande has four children from a previous relationship with Segolene Royal , a senior member of his Socialist Party and a 2007 presidential candidate . Royal announced their separation just after she lost the 2007 election to Nicolas Sarkozy . CNN 's Lilia Blaise contributed to this report	Valerie Trierweiler sends farewell message to house staff AFP quotes Hollande as saying "  I have ended my shared life " with Trierweiler Allegations about President Hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenzy Trierweiler assumed the role of first lady after Hollande 's election in May 2012
CNN  -- Greece striker Giorgios Samaras says the team 's players are blocking out the political overtones of Friday 's Euro 2012 quarterfinal against Germany . The Gdansk contest has been billed in some quarters as a Eurozone grudge match , amid tensions between the two nations over German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's tough stance on austerity measures affecting the Greek people . But Samaras says the soccer squad has developed a siege mentality amid the media hype surrounding the game . "  What 's going on between Greece and Germany politics wise -- I really do n't care . We as footballers need to stay out of this story and stay focused on the football game only , " Samaras told CNN . "  We are so focused on our football game that we do n't care what 's going on outside the hotel . We try to stay compact , like a team , stay together like a family , and if there are problems or something we try to avoid everything . " However Samaras revealed that the Greek players were not immune to the economic problems in the country , where national elections were held this week . "  I think it affects everyone in Greece , " said the 27-year-old Samaras . "  Just because we are football players does not mean we do n't have problems . " With politics and economics serving as a backdrop to Friday 's quarterfinal , the Celtic forward also admitted it had been a source of pleasure to the Greece squad that they had brought joy to the fans that are following the team , whether in Poland or back home . "  After the game against Russia , people were partying in the streets with Greek flags . They have a smile on their faces and we feel proud . "  We do n't play for ourselves or for the money . We play for the national team , we play for history and for the 11 million people back home , " said Samaras . The Celtic striker and his teammates provided a lift to their troubled nation by sealing a surprise 1-0 victory over highly fancied Russia in last weekend 's group decider . It was the latest against-the-odds Euros triumph for the shock 2004 champions , and Samaras believes Greece 's phenomenal team spirit is the secret to their string of unlikely successes . "  It 's something sometimes you ca n't explain . It 's so strong . We care about each other outside the pitch and that 's going onto the pitch . I think that 's the strength we have as a team , " he said . "  We do n't have personal egos in the team . We do n't have a superstar -- sometimes the superstars are a little bit outside the team . " Follow CNN 's Euro 2012 live blog on each match day	Giorgios Samaras says Greece players will ignore political innuendo over Germany match Greece face the Germans in Euro 2012 quarterfinal in Gdansk on Friday Governments of the two nations have clashed over Greece 's debt Samaras believes team spirit is greatest asset for unfancied Greek side
CNN  -- Iran 's judiciary chief has temporarily halted the execution of a woman convicted of adultery , state media reported Sunday , citing a judicial official . "  Although the verdict still stands and is definite , the execution has been halted on humanitarian grounds from the order of the honorable judiciary chief , and will not be implemented at this time , " Malek Ajdar Sharifi , a judiciary official in East Azerbaijan province , told Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency . The well-publicized case involves Sakineh Mohammedie Ashtiani , who faces the possibility of execution by stoning after being convicted in 2006 of adultery . Her lawyer , Mohommad Mostafaei , told CNN that Ashtiani confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . She later recanted that confession and has denied wrongdoing , he said . Ashtiani 's case has drawn international attention and many human rights activists have called for the sentence to be changed . Protesters in London , England , on Saturday condemned the sentence and called for the end of hanging and stoning executions during a rally outside the Iranian Embassy . But Ajdar Sharifi said Sunday that "  whenever the minister  Sadeq Larijani  orders the verdict again ... it will take place despite the Western media propaganda , " according to IRNA . "  We do not pay attention to the Western media , " IRNA quoted Ajdar Sharifi as saying . Last week , in what was the Islamic republic 's first public statement on the case , Iran seems to back away from an execution-by-stoning sentence , although it left open the possibility that Ashtiani could be executed by another method . The Iranian Embassy in London , England , said Thursday that "  this mission denies the false news aired in this respect and ... according to information from the relevant judicial authorities in Iran , she will not be executed by stoning punishment . But in response to that statement , Drewery Dyke of Amnesty International in London said Ashtiani still faced the possibility of execution . "  We have noted in the past that those who have been sentenced to stonings have gone on to be hanged , " he said . "  That remains a concern . " Ashtiani 's lawyer has said his client 's conviction was based not on evidence but on the determination of three out of five judges . She has asked forgiveness from the court but the judges refused to grant clemency . Iran 's supreme court upheld the conviction in 2007 . Ajdar Sharifi told IRNA Sunday that Ashtiani 's crimes were "  numerous " but added "  because of morality and ethics , I can not go into the details of the crimes , but if the public knew , they would understand the criminal nature of them . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Sentence for woman convicted of adultery halted on "  humanitarian grounds , " official says Execution will go forward when judiciary chief orders verdict again , he says Sakineh Mohammedie Ashtiani was convicted in 2006 of adultery Case has drawn international attention
CNN  Andrew Getty , one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes , a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman said . The coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty , grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty , said Detective Meghan Aguilar . Andrew Getty , 47 , had "  several health issues , " Aguilar said , adding that an autopsy will be conducted . There is no criminal investigation underway , he said . Some medication had also been recovered from Getty 's home , though investigators do n't know whether Getty was taking it or what his medical history was , Ed Winter , assistant chief in the Los Angeles County coroner 's office , told CNN affiliate KTLA Tuesday night . KTLA reported that Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home . Getty 's parents , Ann and Gordon Getty , released a statement confirming their son 's death and asking for privacy . Where the Getty family fortune came from Gordon Getty is one of three living sons of J. Paul Getty , the oil baron who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976 . Gordon Getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion , according to Forbes . One other son died in 1958 and another died in 1973 . Gordon Getty spearheaded the controversial sale of Getty to Texaco for $ 10 billion in 1984 . In its list of richest American families , Forbes estimated the Gettys ' net worth to be about $ 5 billion . Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against an ex-girlfriend . A hearing in the case had been scheduled for next week . In his request , Getty said he had been diagnosed with a serious medical condition in 2013 . "  A rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of substantial and irreparable injury or death , " he wrote in the petition . "  My doctors have advised that heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously . " Andrew Getty had three brothers and three half-sisters . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Doug Criss , Janet DiGiacomo , Mark Mooney , Mike Love , Julie In and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	Andrew Getty 's death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner 's early assessment In a petition for a restraining order , Getty had written he had a serious medical condition . Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time
London  CNN  -- Journalists hacked into the phone messages of a missing girl , deleting some to make space for more and thus giving her parents hope she was still alive when she was dead , the parents ' lawyer told CNN on Tuesday . "  The family are completely horrified . They thought this was all over " after the disappearance of Milly Dowler in 2002 and the conviction of a man for her murder this year , lawyer Mark Lewis said . But in April , police told the Dowlers that journalists had hacked into their phones and those of their daughter , he said . The accusation is the latest twist in a long-running scandal involving media baron Rupert Murdoch 's flagship Sunday British tabloid newspaper , the News of the World . The paper has apologized for hacking into the voicemails of celebrities and politicians , paying compensation to actress Sienna Miller and offering money to others . But the Dowler case is the first time the newspaper is accused of interfering with a police investigation . British Prime Minister David Cameron on Tuesday called the allegations "  quite shocking " and urged the police to investigate thoroughly . A former top tabloid journalist Tuesday called the allegations a significant change in the course of the scandal . "  Before we had hacking of celebrities and politicians , but here we have the interference of a murder inquiry involving a 13-year-old girl , " said Roy Greenslade , a former editor of the Daily Mirror and an assistant editor of the Sun , a sister paper of News of The World . "  Outside of the political elite in Britain , this story has had little traction until now . The allegations about the hacking of Milly Dowler 's phone has the potential to change that , " Greenslade said . Police Monday declined to say whether Milly Dowler was among the victims of phone hacking . Meanwhile a private investigator working for News of the World who was jailed over another phone hacking case , in 2007 , issued a statement to the UK 's Guardian newspaper apologizing for the "  hurt " caused by his actions . Glenn Mulcaire did not mention hacking Milly Dowler 's phone but said he had never intended to interfere in any police inquiry . He said he had faced "  relentless pressure " for results at the paper , and that while he knew they were pushing ethical boundaries , he had not understood they were breaking the law . Executives from Murdoch 's News International met with British police Tuesday over the claims , the company told CNN . One of the top company officials told staff later that it was "  almost too horrific to believe that a professional journalist or even a freelance inquiry agent working on behalf of a member of the News of the World staff could behave in this way . " Rebekah Brooks , who was editor of the paper at the time of the alleged hacking and is now chief executive of News International , told staff she was "  sickened that these events are alleged to have happened . " She said she had contacted the Dowlers on Tuesday "  to assure them News International will vigorously pursue the truth and that they will be the first to be informed of the outcome of our investigation . " Brooks asked Lewis , the Dowler lawyer , to show the company any evidence it had "  so we can swiftly take the appropriate action . " She said News International was cooperating with police investigations . CNN obtained a copy of the e-mail Brooks sent to staff on Tuesday . News International confirmed it was genuine . Brooks acknowledges in the message that there is speculation she might resign , but said she was "  determined to lead the company to ensure we do the right thing and resolve these serious issues . " The tumult may have an impact on the newspaper 's advertising revenues . Ford Britain said it was withdrawing its advertising from News of the World until there was an outcome from its investigation . "  Ford is a company which cares about standards of behaviour of its own people and those it deals with externally , " the carmaker said in a statement . A spokesman for T-Mobile said the firm was reviewing its advertising position with the News of the World , while supermarket chain Tesco said the latest allegations would "  cause huge distress to a family which has suffered enough " and said it was awaiting the result of the police inquiry . At least five people have been arrested in connection with phone hacking investigations this year since a new investigation , Operation Weeting , was launched in January . Mulcaire and a journalist working for the News of the World were sent to prison in 2007 for hacking into the voicemails of royal staff in an earlier investigation . Police launched the new investigation this year in response to widespread complaints from politicians , celebrities and other high-profile figures who fear they have been targets . News International has apologized for unspecified cases of phone hacking . They say they have been cooperating with police since the new investigation was launched in January . The Sunday tabloid newspaper in April offered compensation and "  apologized unreservedly " for the "  unacceptable " hacking . It did not name the victims . News International owns the News of the World , plus the Sun , the Times and the Sunday Times in Britain . Murdoch 's media empire also encompasses Fox News , the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . CNN 's Jonathan Wald , Dan Rivers , J.P. Landry , Peter Wilkinson and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	NEW : Private investigator jailed over phone hacking apologizes to anyone hurt by his acts Ford pulls its advertising from British newspaper while the claims are investigated The victim 's family is "  horrified " by the police report their phones were hacked News International executives met with police over the claim , saying they are "  shocked "
CNN  -- Social media sites have evolved into the global equivalent of the office watercooler , but could the buzz they generate be analyzed to predict real-world outcomes ? Leading British economist Noreena Hertz thinks so . She believes analyzing the chatter from Twitter and Facebook for example , will become a dominant force in the business of forecasting . "  Over the past few years I have been really quite obsessed with how technology is changing the way that we make sense of the world , " she told CNN at Names not Numbers , an idea-sharing and networking conference in the UK . Read more : Facebook 's new Graph Search tool Last year , Hertz carried out an experiment to demonstrate the power of social networks as a tool for better understanding human behavior . "  I was really interested to see whether we could make predictions or forecasts by listening in on what people were saying on social media . Because , if we could improve upon the political forecasts ; if we could improve upon sales forecasts by listening in on people 's chatter on Twitter , Facebook , those sorts of media , that would be a really exciting prospect. , " she said . Her and a team of computer scientists , sociologists , and economists worked together to develop a method of research that they hoped would enable them to predict the winner of talent contest "  The X Factor " . By developing a sophisticated algorithm , the team effectively "  listened in " on hundreds of thousands of tweets at once and deduced not just the number and subject of messages but also , for the first time , the sentiment . In doing so they were able to make an accurate guess about who would stay and go each week . "  We were pretty much beating the bookies , " she said . Read more : Facebook ` likes ' can reveal your secrets , study finds Hertz has made a career out of challenging the predictive powers of traditional forecasting models , which she says are far from perfect . After all , she says , analysts in the Middle East failed to predict the Arab Spring and very few experts saw the financial meltdown coming -- something she did three years before in her book "  IOU : The Debt Threat " . An influential economist , Hertz has a knack for prescience that has put her ahead of the curve among her peers . Her work is all about conducting research that gives raw data some context . It 's about understanding the culture , language and psychology of social media users , which , she says , has huge implications for both business and government . Under her school of her thought , in order for social media marketing to have any real value we need to understand what people 's actions really mean . "  If somebody tweets ' I like Coca-Cola ' , does that mean that they 're actually going to buy Coca-Cola ? One can ? Two cans ? Three cans ? If they retweet someone else 's Tweet , does that mean they 're going to buy it ? " At the age of 19 , Hertz gained her degree at University College London  UCL  and then moved to the U.S. to study for an MBA . In her early twenties , she found herself in St. Petersburg educating Boris Yeltsin 's advisers in market economics . Here she gained inspiration for her PhD thesis , "  Russian Business Relationships in the Wake of Reform " , at the University of Cambridge . In 2002 she wrote the book "  The Silent Takeover , " which discussed the migration of power from government to corporations . In it she correctly anticipated that unregulated markets and huge financial institutions would , in the near future , have grave consequences for the rest of the world . Read more : Arianna Huffington tells women : ` Less stress , more living ' Today , Hertz is a professor at a number of universities and one of the world 's respected thinkers . Her pioneering concepts surrounding social media analytics have the potential to impact government policy , public security and economic growth . Her work highlights the inadequacy of the majority of data used by governments and corporations as an empirical measure of what we , the people , want . "  Language is too complex for a computer to understand , " she said . "  It 's not going to be able to make sense of what people are saying en masse . We need a new type of discipline that puts together computer scientists and social scientists , who can add context to the situation . " She may , so far , have only predicted the winner of a national singing contest but with the developments made in her "  X Factor " experiment , Hertz has presented us with an unprecedented opportunity to foresee the events of the future by simply "  listening in on what the world really thinks . "	Noreena Hertz is an economist who predicted global financial crisis three years before it hit She believes social media can be a powerful forecasting tool for business and government Hertz correctly predicted who would win talent show "  X Factor " by analyzing social media
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq has signed troop withdrawal agreements that will have British and Australian troops out of the country by the end of July , Iraqi Defense Ministry said . A British soldier stands guard outside as Iraqi teens look on . Iraqi Defense Minister Abdul Qadir Mohammed Jasim signed the agreements on Tuesday with UK Ambassador Christopher Prentice and Australian ambassador Robert Tyson . Iraq 's Presidency Council approved a resolution Sunday to allow non-U.S. troops to remain in the county after a U.N. mandate expires at the end of the year . It was the last step for final adoption of the resolution , which won parliamentary approval last week . The resolution was hammered out by Iraq 's main political parties earlier in December after an impasse among parliamentary factions that threatened to push it beyond the deadline . Britain has 4,100 troops in Iraq , the second-largest contingent after the United States with 142,500 . Other countries covered under the new resolution -- El Salvador , Australia , Romania and Estonia -- now have just several hundred troops in the country combined . The resolution authorizes Iraq to negotiate bilateral agreements with the countries , said Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman . If it had not been approved by the end of the year , those countries would have been in Iraq illegally . The United States concluded a separate agreement in November with the Iraqi government authorizing the continued presence of its troops . U.S. combat forces plan to pull back from population centers in Iraq by July 2009 and to withdraw from Iraq by the end of 2011 . The British government says its forces will complete their mission of training Iraqi troops by May 31 , 2009 , and withdraw from the country by July 31 , 2009 . The precise timing of the Australian withdrawal was not immediately known . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	British , Australian troops to leave Iraq by mid-2009 , Iraqi Defense Ministry says Britain has 4,100 troops in Iraq , the second-largest contingent behind U.S. U.S. forces plan to withdraw from Iraq by end of 2011
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters spilled into the streets of Egypt on Tuesday , an unprecedented display of anti-government rage inspired in part by the tumult in the nearby North African nation of Tunisia . Three people died in the clashes between protesters and police , according to Egypt 's official MENA news agency . Two demonstrators died in the eastern city of Suez , and one policeman was killed in Cairo , it said . MENA reported that at least 49 people have been injured . Earlier , Egypt 's Interior Ministry said that 36 police officers had been hurt during the protests . Throngs in the sprawling capital city marched from the huge Tahrir Square toward the parliament building , according to CNN reporters on the scene . Demonstrators threw rocks at police , and police hurled rocks back . Tear-gas canisters were shot at demonstrators , and the protesters threw them back . Protest organizers said they hope to capture the regional momentum for political change set by Tunisians , who 10 days ago forced the collapse of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's 23-year rule . The grievances were foreshadowed by several Egyptians who set themselves or tried to set themselves on fire this month , mirroring the self-immolation of a Tunisian man whose action spurred the uprising there . The Tunisian uprising was the most successful revolt in the region since 1979 , but it is anybody 's guess whether uprisings will spread to other Arabic-speaking lands . Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan , says Tunisia is different from other Arab nations . Tunisia , he said , is the "  most secular country in the Arab world . " Its traditions have favored women 's rights , and its Islamist influence is negligible . The United States and other governments are monitoring the demonstrations in Cairo and elsewhere closely . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged all people to "  exercise restraint " and supported "  the fundamental right of expression and assembly for all people . " "  But our assessment is that the Egyptian government is stable and is looking for ways to respond to the legitimate needs and interests of the Egyptian people , " she said . To highlight the role of police corruption , the protest organizers in Egypt picked January 25 -- Police Day and a national holiday -- to hold protests . The protests started off small , but they grew as people came to the center of the city from bridges over the Nile River . Police were restrained and at times were seemingly outnumbered by the protesters , who sang the national anthem and inched forward to express their ire toward the government . Witnesses said large groups of plainclothes police were heading to Tahrir Square . Protesters had been expressing their anger over the rising cost of living , failed economic policies and corruption , but all those concerns were distilled into one overriding demand : the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak , in power for three decades . The outpouring included young and old , Christians and Muslims , students , workers and businesspeople . "  We breathe corruption in the air , " said one demonstrator , who along with others said their children have no future . At its peak there were perhaps 15,000 to 20,000 people in Tahrir Square , but that crowd later dwindled to about 5,000 to 8,000 . The main road in front of parliament , Qasr Al-Aini , was closed to traffic . The square is two blocks from parliament . "  Egyptians have the right to express themselves , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki said of the protests . The Interior Ministry called on demonstrators to follow the law and avoid threatening the safety of bystanders , the public and private property . Social media have been all-important in mobilizing and organizing protests . But bloggers and others in Egypt reported problems with electronic communication later in the day . Activists ca n't access their cell phones or text messages , and opposition websites ca n't be accessed . Twitter was blocked in Egypt about 11 a.m. ET , the company said . There were other demonstrations in Cairo suburbs of Heliopolis , Shubra Al-Khaima , Muhandasin and Dar Al-Salam . One man said Egypt is not Tunisia , it 's Romania under Nicolae Ceausescu , a reference to the late and much-reviled communist leader . The Front to Defend Egypt Protesters , an alliance of lawyers who helped organize the events , said that about 200 demonstrators were in the southern city of Aswan , 2,000 in the eastern city of Ismailiya and about 3,000 in the northern city of Mahallah . The Egyptian government did not issue permits for Tuesday 's planned protests . In an interview released Tuesday with state-run al-Ahram newspaper , Interior Minister Habib Adly warned that "  the security agencies are able to stop any attempt to attend " the demonstrations and called the efforts of the "  youth staging street protests ineffective . " By early Tuesday morning , more than 90,000 people throughout the country had pledged to participate in the Facebook event "  We Are All Khaled Said , " named after an Alexandria activist who was allegedly beaten to death by police . The Facebook group demands raising the minimum wage , firing the interior minister , creating two-term presidential term limits and scrapping existing emergency laws that the group says "  resulted in police control " over the people and the nation . Amnesty International released a statement Monday "  urging the Egyptian authorities not to crack down " on the planned nationwide demonstration . The banned Muslim Brotherhood , the biggest organized opposition to Mubarak 's regime , had stated it would not have an official presence at Tuesday 's protests , but some of its members "  have reportedly been summoned and threatened with arrest and detention " if they attend and protest , Amnesty International said . Opposition leader and Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei posted statements supporting the protests on his Twitter account . He also created a video statement addressing policemen that was released Monday on YouTube . "  I sympathize with you because sometimes you are asked to do things that you do not want to do , " ElBaradei said . "  One day , I hope that you will regain your role as the protectors of the people ; rather than protectors of ... fraud elections . I am sure that every one of you deep inside is looking forward to the day that his role will again be with the people and a part of them , rather than against them , " he said . Public sentiment against state security forces has grown recently with alleged videos of police brutality shown on the internet . A recent report from Human Rights Watch said the problem is "  epidemic , " and "  in most cases , officials torture detainees to obtain information and coerce confessions , occasionally leading to death in custody . " Some other human rights groups , such as the Arabic Network for Human Rights , have drawn a comparison between Egypt and Tunisia under Ben Ali , in terms of the level of government corruption and police brutality . Adly , the Egyptian interior minister , dismissed any such comparisons , calling it "  propaganda " that had been rejected by politicians as "  intellectual immaturity . " But one woman , identified only as Nahla , who planned to attend the Tuesday protests , disagreed . She wrote in an online post , "  I hope the  Tunisia-style  revolution will be taught in history . And that Egyptians will learn in school later about the January 25th revolution . "	NEW : Egypt 's official news agency reports 49 people were injured Protest organizers say they hope to capture Tunisia 's regional momentum for change Organizers chose January 25 -- Police Day and a national holiday -- to hold protests International human rights groups ask security forces not to crack down on protesters
Washington  CNN  -- If you think cutting the government 's budget is as easy as taking the ax to some unpopular federal programs , a new national poll suggests that you should think again . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Friday , most Americans think that the government spends a lot more money than it actually does on such unpopular programs as foreign aid and public broadcasting . The poll 's release comes one week before current funding for the government runs out . If there is no budget agreement between congressional lawmakers by next Friday , some government programs and offices may shut down . "  The public has a better idea of how much the government spends on programs like Social Security and Medicare , but there is a related problem -- cutting them has little public support , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  The result : cutting unpopular programs would probably not cut the deficit very much , and cutting the deficit would probably require cuts in programs that Americans like . " Let 's start with international assistance . Sixty percent of people we questioned say they 'd like to put foreign aid on the chopping block . So would that make a dent in the deficit ? No -- but try telling that to the American public . According to the poll , on average , Americans estimate that foreign aid takes up 10 percent of the federal budget , and one in five think it represents about 30 percent of the money the government spends . But the actual figure is closer to 1 percent , according to data from the Office of Management and Budget from the 2010 fiscal year 's $ 3.5 trillion budget . OK . Let 's try more low-hanging fruit -- funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting . Our survey indicates nearly half of all Americans would like to see major cuts . According to our poll the public estimates that the government spent 5 percent of its budget last year on public television and radio . Not even close . The real answer is about one-tenth of 1 percent . Want more examples ? Cutting pensions and benefits for government workers is popular , but once again most Americans overestimate how much that costs the government . On average , Americans think the federal government spent 10 percent of its 2010 budget on pensions and retiree benefits ; the OMB figures indicate the real number is about 3.5 percent . A sizeable minority would like to see food and housing assistance for the poor on the chopping block , but Americans ' estimates of how much the government spends on those programs are three to four times higher than the actual price tag . Cuts in military spending also have some support -- more than a third of all Americans favor cuts in that area . But the public , once again , overestimates the amount of military spending . They told us 30 percent in our poll . In reality only 19 percent of the 2010 budget went towards military spending , according to 2010 OMB figures . What Americans got right are the programs they do n't want to cut . When we ask Americans to guess how much Social Security cost the government in 2010 , the median estimate was 20 percent . Not bad , given that OMB figures indicate that Social Security represented 20.4 percent of the federal budget in 2010 . "  Budget experts agree that cutting a target that big would be a good start toward getting the deficit under control . Problem is , 87 percent of people we surveyed do n't want to decrease the amount of money spent on Social Security -- and four in 10 would like to see that figure grow . The same is generally true for Medicare and Medicaid , which combined made up 19 percent of last year 's budget , " adds Holland . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey was conducted March 11-13 , with 1,023 people questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . -- CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	Most Americans think the U.S. spends more than it does on foreign aid and public broadcasting The poll 's comes a week before current funding for the government runs out The public estimates the United States spent 5 percent of its budget last year on public television and radio The real answer is about one-tenth of 1 percent
CNN  -- A federal judge ordered a mental evaluation for a Texas actress charged with sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg last month . Shannon Richardson , 35 , was ordered to undergo the evaluation within 30 days , according to court documents filed in U.S. District Court in Texarkana . She is charged with mailing a threatening communication to the president and faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted . The request was made by Richardson 's attorney . Richardson is in federal custody . Richardson , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , initially told the FBI that her husband , Nathaniel , had sent the ricin-laced letters , but a polygraph exam found her to be "  deceptive " on the matter , authorities said . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president , but the couple 's computer records show her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , an FBI arrest affidavit said . Richardson later told investigators she mailed the ricin-tainted letters , but she claimed that her husband typed the letters and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . New poison letters put ricin under microscope Her husband denied involvement and claimed his wife wanted to end their marriage and leave him , the affidavit said . He told investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them , the court papers said . Nathaniel Richardson filed for divorce last week . His wife is pregnant , according to divorce papers . In a statement earlier this month to E! News , Shannon Richardson said : "  I really ca n't say much at all , but the accusation could n't be further from the truth . " Richardson has had minor roles in TV series , including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries . " CNN 's Brian Carberry and Belle Reynoso contributed to this report .	A judge has ordered Shannon Richardson undergo a mental evaluation in 30 days Richardson is in federal custody , accused of mailing ricin-tainted letters to Obama , Bloomberg She had minor roles in "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries "
CNN Student News  -- October 20 , 2014 What are the risks , and what 's the potential payoff ? These are questions you 'll find throughout today 's show . We explain the tremendous risks that venture capitalists take and how those risks may or may not pay off . We explore why some countries might withdraw their bids to host the Olympic Games . And we feature a Character Study on a cross-country runner who risked a higher placement to help a rival . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Thirty miles from Hong Kong 's Disneyland park , a small fishing village offers a contrasting view of the city 's past . Located in the southwest corner of Lantau , Hong Kong 's largest island , Tai O is connected to the outside world via a narrow mountain road . It has a view contrary to expectations for one of the world 's most crowded cities : There are no skyscrapers , no neon signs or real estate companies . The few shops in village close at 5 p.m. , when the nightlife on Hong Kong Island has yet to spark . In recent years , tourists have been flocking to Tai O to glimpse this part of Hong Kong 's rapidly disappearing past . But when they arrive , they are greeted by a placard at the bus station decrying : "  Mass development will destroy Tai O. " It 's a sign of the times : Even as tourists boost the coffers of a local economy once dependent on fishing , villagers are deeply ambivalent about the hordes of visitors encroaching on their seaside hamlet . "  We are going to lose our distinctive way of life and identity if no one protests against the government plan , " said lifelong Tai O resident Wang Waking , 51 , who runs the Tai O culture workshop . "  I am afraid that the commercially-driven plan is going to turn Tai O into another resort . " Villagers like Wang are torn by government plans to add fountains , sculptures and a stage next to the temple to Tin Hau , where generations of fishermen prayed for safety before sailing . The government 's US$ 100 million "  Revitalize Tai O " project will also replace patches of wetland by boardwalks and a new plaza will rise near the dock . The project is scheduled to be completed later this year , according to the Hong Kong 's Civil Engineering and Development Department spokesperson Carol Ho . Original plans called for tearing down all the village 's distinctive stilt houses , but was curtailed after protests by villagers . While the redevelopment celebrates Tai O 's seafaring heritage -- in 1960 , villagers caught 30 % of all seafood sold in Hong Kong , according to the book "  Tai O History " -- it comes in the wake of a 2012 Hong Kong law banning of commercial trawling . That move was applauded by environmentalists but decried by local fishers . "  It wrecks my heart to see fishermen forced to sell their large trawlers , " said a local fisherman surnamed Wong , who says he catches 70 % less after the ban . Wong , who sells homemade shrimp paste , now must import shrimp from mainland China . Tai O is separated from the rest of Hong Kong by steep , rocky hills . Before 1990 , the only way to get to Tai O was by boat . Permits to drive on the town 's single road are only granted to villagers and public buses . A sense of isolation still pervades the village 's tight-knit community , which many locals say they are keen to keep to themselves . As visitors are drawn to the Venice-like village with homes largely built on stilts , the pathways are dotted with signs warning "  Private Property " and "  No Entry . " To circumvent the signs , tour guides now row tourists on boat down the river and having a look at the houses from the water . Besides tourism , real estate development could change the fortunes of the town , as Hong Kong has one of the world 's most expensive real estate markets . Yet villagers say they are actively working to keep property among themselves . "  I ca n't tell you how many people are interested in our house , " said resident Ines Wong . But villagers do all their real estate business by word of mouth to keep outsiders out of the property market , Wong said . "  The fact is that outsiders do n't know where to buy property at Tai O. And even if demand for Tai O property is high , local people tend to sell to locals , " she said . Wong , 24 , grew up in Tai O , but like many other young people here , was forced to find work in other parts of the city . She eventually moved to Kowloon , which sits across Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong Island , where she started working for a large bank . While she found it hard to leave her home , she said she had little choice . "  Tai O has no job market at all . I do n't see what I can do . Selling salt fish with a degree in marketing ? " While Wong decries the impact of tourism , many of her peers who still live in Tai O welcome the government tourism plan . "  We are one of the oldest communities in Hong Kong . If Tai O has nothing to offer to its young residents , it may become a dead town in a few years , " said Paul Lieu , 30-year-old local resident . Lieu landed on a job as a tourist guide last year . He makes 30 % less than a similar job in other parts of Hong Kong , but he enjoys the commute-free work . Before tourists poured in , the only local job Lieu could find was temporary construction work . Now young people start small business like transforming their stilt homes into guesthouses or waterfront cafés . "  I think Tai O has lost part of its unique character with all the development going on . But that the price we pay to get a better life and to help this community to survive , " he said . For Wang , the changes are attacking a way of life . "  Tai O people have deep feeling for the mountains , rivers and wetlands surrounding us , because we live so close to nature , " she said . "  With the boardwalk , children lose a good place to find clams . "	Tourists have been flocking to Tai O to glimpse part of Hong Kong 's rapidly disappearing past Villagers uneasy about government plans to modernize traditional fishing village Tai O is the only place in Hong Kong that has no real estate market Young Tai O people are forced to find work in other parts of the city
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola has signed a one-year contract extension with the Spanish champions . Guardiola took over at Barcelona in 2008 after coaching their B team and already has seven titles to his name . The new deal will take him through to June 2011 . In his first year in charge he led his team , including Argentina striker Lionel Messi and Spanish pair Xavi and Andres Iniesta , to the Spanish league and cup double , as well as a European Champions League triumph . Guardiola added the World Club Cup , the Spanish Super Cup and the European Super Cup to his impressive haul the following year , as well as retaining the Spanish League with a record breaking 99 points . Barcelona failed to retain their Champions League title in 2010 after they were beaten in the semifinal by Italian champions Inter Milan , who were then coached by Jose Mourinho . Mourinho has now taken over as coach of Barcelona 's rivals Real Madrid and will be aiming to take Guardiola 's title next season . Barcelona provided seven of the starting 11 players that secured Spain 's first ever World Cup win as they beat Netherlands 1-0 in South Africa . Guardiola gave his word to previous club president Joan Laporta that he would extend his contract back in January , and he signed the deal with new president Sandro Rosell at Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium on Wednesday .	Pep Guardiola signs one-year contract extension at Barcelona Barca have won back-to-back Spanish titles Guardiola won the European Champions League in 2009 New deal takes Guardiola through until end of June 2011
CNN  Iraqi forces battling to wrest Tikrit from ISIS are now in control of the city , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said Tuesday on Iraqiya TV . Al-Abadi , who is also the top military commander , said on state television that the city was liberated . While al-Abadi has declared victory in the battle , pockets of fighting continues . Iraqi forces and Shiite militias are taking part in clearing operations . Iraqi forces reached the center of Tikrit and hoisted the nation 's flag on top of the Governorate Building , al-Abadi said . Fighting continued on the outskirts of the city , he added . Tikrit had been under ISIS control since June . The push into Tikrit comes days after a series of U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS targets around the city . The airstrikes made it possible for the Iraqi forces to move through the city . Troops reported finding dozens of roadside bombs and booby-trapped buildings as they combed the city . At a Cabinet meeting before he declared Tikrit liberated , al-Abadi was already calling the operation a success . "  The success of the Tikrit experiment will be repeated in other areas because of the results it has achieved on the battlefield , on a humanitarian level , protecting civilians as much as possible , in addition to the low casualties amongst our security forces , " he said . Iraqi forces have tried multiple times to win back Tikrit since ISIS conquered the city as part of its campaign to amass an expansive Islamic caliphate but failed until now . This operation , however , was the biggest by the Iraqi military so far . "  We managed to take  ISIS  by surprise , " the Prime Minister said . "  And our air force ... in addition to coalition air force , helping Iraqi forces , managed to deal severe blows to ISIS and the enemies of Iraq . And our ground forces with the blood of Iraqis , Iraqis alone with their own blood , were able to liberate this land . " The latest push began after al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces on March 1 to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province . Militants have been under pressure ever since in the battleground city , which is the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein and is located about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Baghdad . The Iraqi forces were aided by a coalition made up of mostly Shiite militiamen and volunteers . The militia members , estimated to number around 20,000 , are backed by Iran . The offensive marked the first very overt participation of Iranian advisers on the front lines . The victory in Tikrit sets the stage for Iraqi forces to take back an even bigger prize : Mosul . Mosul is Iraq 's second-biggest city and the site of one of its military 's biggest embarrassments , when Iraqi troops dropped their weapons and ran rather than defend their posts last June . A U.S. official said in February that up to 25,000 Iraqi troops plan to return to Mosul in April or May and , ideally , win it back . This comment came days after al-Abadi told the BBC that while there 's still work to do , he felt confident Iraqis could recapture the key northern city . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Jason Hanna and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	ISIS still has some fighters in Tikrit ; joint forces are in clearing operations Prime Minister says that Tikrit is back under government control Government has its eyes on a bigger prize with the city of Mosul
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Caring for a car has you a befuddled . The honeymoon 's over , and bureaucratic tasks are beating out bliss . You 're meeting with a prospective babysitter or housekeeper , a stranger you 'll entrust with much of your life . Rory Tahari , with son Jeremey , hopes to make life 's to-do 's more manageable with a new book and iPhone app . How do you know what to do ? Where should you go and when ? What should you ask these people ? You need a list ! If figuring out the answers to these kinds of questions leaves you loopy , Rory Tahari has a new book that may have your name on it . "  Lists for Life : The Essential Guide to Getting Organized and Tackling Tough To-Dos " is just what it says it is : a compilation of lists to help readers navigate everything they might need for weddings and funerals , household maintenance and vacations , divorces and diaper bags . Watch Tahari discuss the book " Along the same lines , she 's behind a new iPhone application -- a travel packing list , available through the iTunes store -- that she said has been downloaded in about a dozen countries . "  It 's just how my brain is wired . It 's part of my DNA , " said Tahari , vice chairwoman and creative director of Elie Tahari , the fashion design house bearing her husband 's name . "  I do n't know how to operate other than to make a list . " CNN sat down with Tahari to discuss when her list-making started , what she 's passed on to her children  son Jeremey , 8 , weighs in  and how being stuck in a snowstorm inspired her . Here are excerpts from that interview . CNN : You 've earned the nickname "  The List Mistress , " but when did this , dare I say , obsession start ? Tahari : From a very young age , I was a compulsive list-maker . I was always organizing something or doing some kind of list . The first list I really remember making was taking an inventory of every piece of clothing in my closet and seeing how many different outfits I could make . I think I came up with 112 combinations . CNN : The book covers such a wide range of topics : weddings , the home , pregnancy , travel , medical , emergencies , divorce and more . How many of these lists are or were based on your own organizational needs ? Tahari : Ninety percent of the book came from actual experiences I 've lived through myself . The other 10 percent , I basically did the research . -LSB- She has a degree in journalism and is a former TV producer . -RSB- I fell off a horse two years ago , and I broke my back . I 'd never been hospitalized before , so I never knew what it was like to be hospitalized . If you have a friend or family member who 's in the hospital , bring them a blanket . They 're always going to be cold , and the blankets they give you in the hospital do n't cut it . And the nurses ? You need them ; they do n't need you . A little batch of cookies or brownies goes a long way with the nurses . And you know what ? You 'll have a lot better hospital stay . CNN : Some of these to-do lists seem more fitting and standard than others . How did you decide what would go in the book ? Tahari : People say , "  Why the emergency chapter ? If you 're in the middle of an emergency , you 're not going to grab the book . " Obviously , you 're not going to have the book with you in the middle of the emergency . ... But I lived through at least three tornados in Atlanta -LSB- Georgia -RSB- , one terrorist attack in New York and one blackout in New York . And after the blackout , I realized my family does n't have a plan . I wanted to at least stimulate the idea of having a plan . CNN : Can you give me an example of a topic you had to research ? Tahari : Cars . I had to have help with cars . Although , in fourth or fifth grade , there was some crazy snowstorm in Atlanta -LSB- where she grew up -RSB- . I was stuck in carpool on the way home from school with eight people for eight hours . I had one Tootsie Roll in my backpack , and let me tell you , a Tootsie Roll between eight people did not go far . So I decided in the car section that I wanted to have an emergency road list , a check list of things to have in the car . I was stuck in the car for eight hours , starving to death . CNN : You 've used list making to help friends figure out practical things they need to do , but do the lists you 've made over the years ever venture into the emotional or psychological -- say , for example , pro-con lists for staying in a relationship ? Tahari : This book is not an advice guide . It 's a to-do list . There 's not a lot of prose in the book . I just want to be told what to do . I do n't really want to hear advice . I do n't need to hear the story . Just tell me what to do . CNN : So , Jeremey , how organized are you ? Jeremey : In school , I do n't have such an organized desk because I 'm always busy and do n't have time to clean up . But I do make some kinds of lists . I sort of have a list in my head . I memorize it . CNN : How about when you go on a trip , Jeremey ? Are you a good packer or unpacker ? Jeremey : I would write down stuff on paper and then stick it on the drawers in the hotel -LSB- so he knows where everything is -RSB- . My dad , when he 's packing , he just takes all the clothes and goes like this -LSB- imitating his dad 's voice -RSB- , "  Jeremey , help me throw in the clothes . " I try to fold them up and put them in . I 'm like , "  Dad , you 're not supposed to do that . " Tahari : I definitely think he is taking after me .	Figuring out to-do lists of life made easier with new book and iPhone app Rory Tahari , wife of fashion designer Elie Tahari , has kept lists since childhood "  It 's just how my brain is wired . It 's part of my DNA , " she says
CNN  -- Tour de France winner Alberto Contador has launched a stinging attack on Astana teammate Lance Armstrong after returning as a hero to his native town of Pinto near Madrid . Lance Armstrong  right  looks on after Alberto Contador is handed the Tour de France trophy in Paris . Contador told a news conference that relations between the two riders were tense throughout the race , making the atmosphere very difficult for the team as a whole . Although not giving specific reasons why , Contador admitted the situation has affected his relationship with the American . "  My relationship with Lance Armstrong is non-existent . Even if he is a great champion , I have never had admiration for him and I never will , " the 26-year-old Spaniard admitted . "  It was a delicate situation , very tense , the two riders who had most weight on the team did not have an easy relationship and that puts the rest of the technical staff and the riders in an uncomfortable position , " he added . The Spaniard , who also won the Tour in 2007 , compared the situation with that of Formula One drivers Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton at McLaren when they were colleagues . "  That situation in some way illustrated what I have experienced . But I knew that if we kept a cool head everything would be OK , " he added . With Armstrong and Astana team chief Johan Bruyneel both leaving the team at the end of the season , Contador 's future also remains unclear . "  We will have to see what happens . I do not know where I 'll go , but I am clear that it will be a team that is 100 per cent behind me . " Contador eventually finished the race over four minutes clear of Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck , with American Armstrong -- who was riding in his first Tour since completing the last of his seven wins in 2005 -- a remarkable third . It was Contador 's fourth successive grand tour victory , after he also won last year 's Giro d'Italia and Vuelta Espana following the Tour organizers ' decision not to invite the Astana team to the race .	Alberto Contador launches an attack on Astana teammate Lance Armstrong Tour de France winner admits he will never have admiration for the American Contador beat Andy Schleck by over four minutes to gain his second Tour win
CNN  -- Last week , 19-year-old California university student Adeline Munguia was reported missing after she stopped responding to Snapchats and texts from her roommate . As it turns out , Munguia was fine -- she 'd just turned off her phone for a while -- but the expectation of constant , instant communication was so normal in her social circles that taking a break was a shock to her friends . There 's a growing movement that wants to make taking such a break from our electronics the rule , not the rare exception . Friday marks the start of the fifth annual National Day of Unplugging , an initiative launched by the national nonprofit group Reboot to help people take a break from their always-on lifestyles . Participants are encouraged to put away their phones , tablets , laptops and other Internet-connected doodads from sunset Friday to sundown Saturday for a digital sabbath . The time might instead be used for quiet reflection , communing with nature , reconnecting with family or friends , focusing on a project and even getting a rare , uninterrupted night 's sleep . "  I think that people are overwhelmed . It 's physically taken a toll on people , " said Reboot 's communications manager , Tanya Schevitz . "  If you think you have to respond to everything all the time , that 's an unrealistic expectation . " Participants are encouraged to sign a pledge on the event 's website and post a photo of themselves saying why they unplug . Some recent examples : " ... to focus on the faces in front of me . " " ... to be open to the divine . " " ... to connect . " The concept has caught on since the first unplugging day in 2010 . Organizers have signed up more than 200 local and national groups as partners , including the Ad Council , Digital Detox and Google . Many will be hosting their own official events such as in-person gatherings and phone-free parties . Without the safety net of a smartphone , event-goers will probably work on dying social skills like maintaining eye contact , making small talk and communicating verbally in more than 140 characters . Although the official holiday lasts for just 24 hours , the idea is to create more awareness of how we interact with our devices and the impact this has on our work , family and mental health . Then people can take smaller steps to carve out device-free pockets of time during the day and eventually find a balance that works for them . "  Day to day , throughout your day , you should be thinking about unplugging moments , " Schevitz said . Concern about our dependence on our electronic devices has grown in recent years as it 's become increasingly difficult to step away from the online world . Phones beep and blink and beg for our attention with e-mail , text notifications , breaking news or updates from social media . Even when a phone is quiet , many of us still reflexively pick it up to check news and messages during moments of downtime . Researchers are still studying the impact that smartphones and mobile technology have on our lives . In the work sphere , there 's increasing evidence that multitasking is inefficient . The brain ca n't fully focus on a task when it 's constantly jumping around to do bite-size tasks like checking e-mail . At home , the divided attention can have a negative impact on relationships with children and partners . Schevitz recently heard stories about overly connected families firsthand when she spoke to a class of eighth-graders about unplugging . The students shared tales of their parents working at all hours or not listening because they were glued to their smartphones . It takes willpower to step away from technology . Schevitz has some tips for people interested in cutting down . 1 . Replace the phone on your bedside table with an alarm clock . That way , you 're not checking the device right before bed and first thing in the morning . The stimulation and even the light from the smartphone screen can disrupt sleep . 2 . Set goals and schedule times when you think it would be beneficial to go sans phone . Make sure some of those times are when you 're alone , not doing anything at all . People instinctively pick up their smartphones when there 's a lull in a conversation or when they 're waiting in line . Look around , observe people , be alone with yourself and think about what you might be missing in those moments . Psychologists have been researching something called attention-restoration theory . The idea is that people can better focus on tasks after taking a break to experience nature and giving part of their brains a rest . Something as simple as taking a walk or looking at photos of nature can reset people 's attention spans and reduce stress . 3 . Before you drop off the grid , be sure to give people a heads up . As the Munguia incident illustrates , going cold turkey can be jarring when your friends or bosses expect instant responses to their messages . Set boundaries -- like letting your workplace know you wo n't be checking e-mail after a certain hour -- and stick to them . The more people who participate , the less unusual it will seem , according to Schevitz . "  What we we need to do is reset society 's expectations , " she said .	National Day of Unplugging asks people to put away mobile devices for 24 hours The digital sabbath begins at sundown Friday Time away from devices can improve concentration and interpersonal relationships
Israel has decided to suspend all working ties with the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , and will not cooperate with the council 's plans for an investigation of Jewish settlements in Palestinian territories , Israel 's foreign ministry spokesman told CNN Monday . "  Working relations , participating in debates and discussion and exchanging papers , sending information and requesting information , and organizing visits and so on and so on , this is all suspended , " Yigal Palmor said about the decision by senior management of the Foreign Ministry . The move came in response to a resolution by the Human Rights Council to establish a "  Fact Finding Mission on the Influence of Settlements on Palestinians , " the Israeli Foreign Ministry said in a posting on its website . It described the move as "  yet another surrealistic decision from the workshop of a council that is instrumentalized as a tool to push for one-sided politicized moves instead of promoting human rights . " It accused the council of seeking "  to satisfy the Palestinians ' whims and to harm future chances to reach an agreement through peaceful means . " The statement said that turning to international bodies "  is a breach of concluded Israeli-Palestinian agreements . " It said Palestinians should resume "  direct and unconditional negotiations on all core issues within the framework of a comprehensive agreement " if they want to solve the settlements issue . "  Their deliberate choice to foster confrontation and provocation rather than compromise and reconciliation is nothing but a destructive strategy that the international community should firmly reject . " Boy , 9 , wants Israel on his U.S. passport Palmor said the Israelis were discussing possible punitive measures against the Palestinians . But Mohamad Shtayeh , senior Palestinian negotiator , dismissed the uproar and the threat . "  We know Israel is not in a position to take any measures against the Palestinian Authority because the Palestinian Authority is taking peaceful measures to protect its land and its people and this is something very legitimate and legal under international law , " he said . In a statement communicated by the media adviser to Benjamin Netanyahu , the prime minister berated the council as "  hypocritical " and said it "  ought to be ashamed of itself . " In Washington , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States had "  vigorously opposed the resolution " on the settlements as counterproductive . "  It 's just going to distract efforts to help parties resolve the issue directly , which is what has to happen here , and it takes up time and limited resources that the council ought to be spending on other issues , " she said .	Israel says it will not cooperate with an investigation of Jewish settlements The move comes in response to a resolution to establish a fact-finding mission on settlements Senior Palestinian negotiator says the measures are intended to protect Palestinian land and people Netanyahu says the council "  ought to be ashamed of itself "
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's trip to Myanmar -- the first visit by a U.S. Secretary of State in half a century -- is poised to produce a breakthrough moment in U.S.-Burma relations . Some worry that such a high-level visit is premature . Given that government 's long history of authoritarian rule and systematic violations of human rights , vigilance is in order . But , to its credit , the Obama administration understands that this is not the time to stand on the sidelines and wait for change to happen . How this transition plays out in Myanmar , historically known as Burma , is a story that has n't been written yet . The United States should actively test the new government 's credibility and commitment to reform and do all that it can to encourage , prod , and push for positive change . The pace of change in Myanmar over recent months has stunned even the most skeptical observers . Following deeply flawed elections one year ago , the shift from a ruling junta to a nominally civilian government has led to democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi 's release from house arrest and the official return of her party , the National League for Democracy  NLD  , to the political scene . Her meetings with President Thein Sein represent a welcome signal that Myanmar 's new government is reaching out to its opponents . The NLD recently announced that Suu Kyi would likely run for Parliament . Other "  flickers of progress , " as President Barack Obama put it , are also under way . The government has created a nominally independent human rights body , invited the International Monetary Fund to engage in dialogue on currency reforms , called on armed ethnic groups to hold peace talks and lifted some restrictions on the media . While the recent release of 200 or so activists falls far short of the estimated 2,100 political prisoners believed to be languishing in Burmese jails , it 's a movement that should be further pushed . So far , the U.S. government has responded by lifting travel restrictions on some officials -- including Wunna Maung Lwin , Myanmar 's foreign minister , who met with U.S. officials in Washington and New York in September and on the margins of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Hawaii earlier in November . Derek Mitchell , the U.S. special envoy to Myanmar , has visited the Southeast Asian nation twice during the past two months Clinton 's visit represents the clearest signal yet that the Obama administration is ready to begin a new era in U.S.-Myanmar relations . The visit is also a strong signal to China that the United States is seeking to contain Beijing 's influence in Myanmar . While the U.S. sanctioned itself out of playing a role in resource-rich Myanmar over the past few decades , China has been aggressively pursuing its commercial interests , and today China is the country 's main trading partner and arms supplier . But Myanmar 's recent decision to suspend the construction of the controversial Myitsone Dam project , which was to provide electricity to China , is a strong indication that the government is ready to say no to China when it is in its interest to do so . Clinton 's visit to Myanmar , which comes on the heels of Obama 's recent Asian tour that culminated at the East Asia Summit in Indonesia , also represents a reassertion of American leadership in the wider Asia-Pacific region . While in Asia , Obama shored up trade , diplomatic and military interests in the region , announced plans to station U.S. troops in Australia and pursued a multilateral approach to resolving territorial and energy disputes in the South China Sea -- a set of issues that Beijing prefers to deal with bilaterally . Re-engaging Myanmar is part of this strategic reorientation . U.S.-Myanmar re-engagement could open the way to clarifying the military 's nuclear ambitions , which have become all the more disturbing in light of U.S. Sen. Richard Lugar 's recent disclosure that he received information several years ago that Myanmar 's government planned to develop nuclear weapons with North Korea 's assistance . While in Myanmar , Clinton should vigorously press leaders to allow the visit of an International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  fact-finding team to investigate any questions related to nuclear cooperation from Pyongyang and sign on to the voluntary Additional Protocol , a safeguards agreement that would provide IAEA greater rights of access . An expansion in official U.S.-Myanmar ties also could help to address a range of issues beyond Myanmar 's internal situation . The nation is the source of a number of transnational concerns related to instability and conflict along its borders as a result of military efforts to rein in insurgent groups , as well as the continuing export of disease and refugees . Myanmar 's porous borders , combined with its status as the second-largest opium poppy grower in the world after Afghanistan , have allowed for rampant drug smuggling throughout and beyond Asia . The recent endorsement by the Association of South East Asian Nations of Myanmar 's bid to assume the chairmanship of the regional grouping in 2014 offers a significant point of leverage . The United States would be well-served to coordinate its policies toward Myanmar with ASEAN governments to ensure that leaders in the capital of Naypyidaw enact meaningful reforms that bring about national reconciliation and improve the everyday lives of the Burmese people . With a per capita gross domestic product  GDP  between $ 1 to $ 3 a day , the conditions in Myanmar are among the most dire of any country . This moment of change is an opportunity to help move Myanmar away from authoritarian rule and into the world community . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzanne DiMaggio .	Hillary Clinton 's trip to Myanmar could be a breakthrough , says Suzanne DiMaggio DiMaggio : U.S. should actively test the new government 's credibility and push for change Re-engagement could clarify the Burmese military 's nuclear ambitions , she says This moment is a chance to help move Myanmar away from authoritarian rule , says DiMaggio
CNN  -- The defense for Charles Taylor is expected to submit its counter-recommendation Thursday after prosecutors said the former Liberian president deserves an 80-year sentence for a war crimes conviction . Taylor was found guilty last month of aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone 's civil war . "  Should the trial chamber decide to impose a global sentence , 80 years ' imprisonment would be appropriate , " said Brenda Hollis , chief prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone . In the statement last week , the prosecutor said the sentence reflects the gravity of the crimes . "  But for Charles Taylor 's criminal conduct , thousands of people would not have had limbs amputated , would not have been raped , would not have been killed , " Hollis said . "  The recommended sentence provides fair and adequate response to the outrage these crimes caused in victims , their families and relatives . " Last month 's landmark ruling by the international tribunal was the first war crimes conviction of a former head of state by an international court since the Nuremberg trials of Nazi leaders after World War II . Taylor , 64 , was found guilty of all 11 counts of aiding and abetting rebel forces in a campaign of terror that involved murder , rape , sexual slavery , conscripting children younger than 15 and mining diamonds to pay for guns . Prosecutors accused Taylor of financing and giving orders to rebels in Sierra Leone 's civil war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing . His support for the rebels fueled the bloody war , prosecutors said . Prosecutors , however , failed to prove that he had direct command over the rebels who committed the atrocities . There is no death penalty in international criminal law , and he would serve out any sentence in a British prison . Taylor has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades , and was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 . He fled to Nigeria , where border guards arrested him three years later as he was attempting to cross into Chad . His trial was at the special court for Sierra Leone in The Hague , Netherlands . U.N. officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . Taylor becomes the first former head of state since Adm. Karl Doenitz , who became president of Germany briefly after Adolf Hitler 's suicide , to be convicted of war crimes or crimes against humanity by an international tribunal . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was tried by an international tribunal , but died before a judgment was issued .	The former Liberian president was convicted of war crimes Prosecutors say he deserves an 80-year sentence for the conviction Taylor aided fighters in a civil war in neighboring Sierra Leone
CNN  -- A Syrian military pilot flew to Jordan and was granted asylum Thursday , a day after the United States warned members of the Syrian military they could face international criminal prosecution for attacks on civilians . The defection came as the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported at least 128 people , including at least 15 children , killed across the country Thursday . Some of the deaths came in "  massacres " in two cities , the group said . The Syrian government reported 20 "  army , law enforcement and civilian martyrs " buried Thursday . A ship carrying military helicopters to Syria is returning to Russia but will ultimately deliver the shipment to Syria , Russia announced . Part of an international row over Russia arming Syria , the ship was forced to turn back after a British company withdrew its insurance coverage due to the nature of the cargo . Russia announced that it was carrying "  Syrian attack helicopters , " state-run news agency Ria Novosti reported . "  The ship was carrying air defense systems which can only be used to repel foreign aggression , " Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said , according to Russia 's Interfax news agency . It carried three repaired Syrian helicopters that will still be sent to Syria , the reports said . The ship has been flying a Curacao flag , but it will be switched to a Russian flag "  in order to avoid a possible detention of the ship , " the state-run Itar-Tass news agency reported . Many world leaders have slammed Russia for arming Syria , but Russian officials insist they want an end to the conflict . The dead in Thursday 's violence included 19 killed in a "  massacre " in the town of Inkhel and 15 in a massacre in Douma in the Damascus suburbs , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . There were reports that many more bodies could be buried under rubble of destroyed buildings in Inkhel , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Two other groups -- the Syrian Network for Human Rights , based in London , and the Damascus Center for Human Rights Studies in Syria -- issued a report saying the Syrian military shelled Inkhel for three hours and then raided homes , carrying out "  extrajudicial executions " against three people "  while four others were slaughtered with knives " and snipers killed two more people . By mid-morning , when the raids were over , the military killed three mourners headed to the cemetery , the groups said . The Syrian Revolution General Commission , another opposition group , added that at least 15 homes were damaged or destroyed in the regime 's bombardment of the town . The raids were carried out by the pro-government Shabiha militias , the group said . In addition to those killed in Inkhel , 60 other civilians were wounded , the commission said . "  The humanitarian condition in the city of Inkhel is extremely miserable , " the group said , adding that there is no hospital and the wounded have nowhere to go . "  Mass exodus is being reported ; families are fleeing their houses . " The Syrian state-run news agency SANA described authorities storming a number of terrorists ' hideouts in and around Douma . It said authorities clashed with the terrorists , killing a few of them and wounding others . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime often blames armed terrorist groups for the violence in the country . SANA made no mention of violence in Inkhel . Since the uprising began in March 2011 , violence has killed more than 15,000 people in Syria , including 10,480 civilians , 3,715 soldiers and 830 defectors , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The United Nations has said that at least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict . In Hama on Thursday , regime forces launched a campaign of arrests , taking 150 people to an Air Force intelligence office , where they were being subjected to severe torture , the Local Coordination Committees said . CNN can not confirm specific reports of violence in Syria because the government has restricted access to the country by international journalists . The International Committee of the Red Cross said one of its teams tried to enter the old city of Homs , but gunfire in the area forced the team to turn back . Elsewhere Thursday , Irina Bokova , the director-general of UNESCO , the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , called on Syria to probe the recent deaths of five citizen journalists killed in shelling in Syria . "  I condemn the deaths of Ammar Mohamed Zado , Ahmed Adnan al-Ashlaq , Lawrence Fahmy al-Naimi , Bassel al-Shahade and Ahmed al-Assam , citizen journalists who lost their lives while trying to inform the Syrian people of the tragic events taking place in their country , " she said in a written statement . The defecting military pilot who landed in his jet in Jordan had requested political asylum , the Jordanian government said . Syria identified him as Col. Hassan Mirei al-Hamadeh and said he was on a training flight . Jordan did not immediately give his name . The pilot is "  considered a fugitive from the service , a traitor to his country and to his military honor , " the Syrian Defense Ministry said in a banner shown on Syrian state TV . Punishment actions "  will be taken against him according to the laws and regulations , " the banner said . On state-run SANA , the defense ministry said discussions were under way with Jordan for the return of the aircraft . Both Syria and Jordan said the plane was a Russian-made MiG-21 . Tommy Vietor , spokesman for the White House National Security Council , said , "  We welcome this pilot 's decision to do the right thing . We have long called for the military and members of the Syrian regime to defect and abandon their positions rather than be complicit in the regime 's atrocities . "  This is just one of countless instances where Syrians , including members of the security forces , have rejected the horrific actions of the Assad regime , and it certainly will not be the last . " Throughout the 15-month conflict in Syria , numerous members of the military have defected , some of them joining the rebel Free Syrian Army . Thousands of civilians also have fled to neighboring nations , including Jordan . U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford said Wednesday that members of the Syrian military face international criminal prosecution if they continue to support the regime 's "  barbaric actions " against the Syrian people . He said the United States and others will work with the Syrian people to find members of the military responsible for attacks and to hold them accountable . In neighboring countries , there is widespread condemnation for al-Assad , the Pew Research Center reported Thursday . A survey by its Global Attitudes Project found the vast majority of respondents in Jordan , Egypt , Tunisia , and Turkey want him to step down . In Lebanon , the population was more split , with just a slight majority wanting him to step down . The survey was taken between March and April , well before a massacre in the town of Houla that drew international fury against the regime . CNN 's Josh Levs , Caroline Faraj , Joe Sterling and Adele Ghssoub contributed to this report .	NEW : An opposition group reports at least 128 people were killed Thursday A ship carrying repaired attack helicopters for Syria is returning to Russia The U.S. ambassador to Syria threatens international prosecution of military members Most in neighboring countries want al-Assad gone , Pew Research finds
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China on Tuesday stepped up criticism of Norway and the awarding of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo , a leading Chinese dissident . Liu is serving an 11-year prison term after repeatedly calling for human rights and democratization . "  The Norwegian Nobel committee 's decision to give Liu the Nobel Peace Prize will damage bilateral relations . There is reason for every Chinese person to be unhappy , " Ma Zhaoxu , spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said at a news briefing . "  We already made our position clear . Since reform and opening up , China has made remarkable progress , " Ma said . "  By giving a convicted person the Nobel Peace Prize , they show no respect for China 's judicial system . " "  It not only disrespects China , but also reveals their true intentions . If you try to change China 's political system from the outside , or if they are trying to stop Chinese people from moving forward , that is obviously making a mistake , " he added . Liu was sentenced in 2009 for inciting subversion of state power . He is the co-author of Charter 08 , a call for political reform and human rights , and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . Asked about Liu 's wife , Liu Xia , Ma responded : "  I do not know who you are talking about . I am not familiar with this person . " Liu Xia remains under house arrest in Beijing and has been banned from talking to friends or media , Liu Xiaobo 's lawyer said . She is trying to visit the attorney to discuss an appeal to her husband 's sentence . "  She is negotiating with the police on the terms of the visit , " Shang Baojun , the lawyer , told CNN . "  The issue of an appeal is not if , but when and how . " Shang confirmed that Liu Xia said her husband wanted her to go to Oslo to accept the award in December , but he is not optimistic about the prospect . "  It 's way too early to think about her Norway trip , considering she ca n't even leave her house , " he said . Liu Xia briefly re-gained phone access Tuesday , talking to Shang and several friends , as well as a few media outlets , from a new mobile phone after police broke her old one . The new number has been disconnected again , her friends tweeted Tuesday evening . On U.S. President Barack Obama 's call for Liu 's release , Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma said : "  We oppose anyone making issue of this and anyone interfering in China 's internal affairs . " Asked whether Liu might be allowed to collect his Nobel in person , Ma said that , as a criminal , what he can or ca n't do is determined by China 's legal system .	NEW : Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo wants his wife to accept his prize , Liu 's lawyer says "  There is reason for every Chinese person to be unhappy , " the Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Liu has repeatedly called for human rights and democratization The prize shows disrespect for China , a spokesman said
CNN  -- Shortly after President Barack Obama was inaugurated , he said that his re-election effort will be judged largely on the economy . The overall unemployment rate is above 8 % ; fewer than 150,000 jobs were created the last month ; student loan debt has hit $ 1 trillion ; consumer personal credit card debt is on the rise ; gas prices look like a yo-yo ; the housing industry continues to be stuck in the mud ; and Americans still are unsure what the future holds economically . For Mitt Romney 's team , that should look like fertile ground to lay a serious line of attack against the incumbent president , especially in hard hit states like Ohio , Florida , Pennsylvania , North Carolina , Wisconsin and Nevada . Yet for a band of GOP strategists , they somehow think trying to replay a bunch of old sermons by the president 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , will result in electoral gold . Sounds more like fool 's gold . When I opened up Thursday 's New York Times and saw a story at the top of the page about a proposal calling on Chicago billionaire Joe Ricketts to spend upwards of $ 10 million on a vicious attack on Obama with Wright at the center of it , I frankly laughed . In fact , even President Reagan came to mind and one of the all-time classic debate lines he used on Walter Mondale : "  There you go again . " It 's as if the butt-whippin ' the GOP got in 2008 was n't enough . Now they want to try to go to the well a second time . D-U-M-B . When Sen. John McCain declared tying Obama to Wright was off limits in 2008 , GOP stalwarts seethed , angry that they could n't portray the then-senator as an acolyte of someone they considered to be a crazed , deranged pastor who hated America . The revelations of Wright 's sermons caused a ruckus in the Democratic primary in 2008 , dominating the news cycle for weeks . The only way Obama could quell the raging inferno was to deliver his speech on race in Philadelphia , which was hailed by some commentators as momentous . Ever since then , some in the GOP believe that had McCain bludgeoned Obama with Wright , he could have stood a better shot at winning . To all of you who love and adore the Republican Party , I 'll play your political priest and absolve you of all of your sins -- said and unsaid -- on this issue . Making Wright a central campaign theme would have done nothing to keep Obama from beating McCain . And while Republicans like Sarah Palin and countless mouthpieces on the right swear that Obama was n't properly vetted , just deal with the reality that your party lost in 2008 . Trying to dredge up Wright in 2012 simply wo n't do it . It 's silly , childish , and frankly , shows a sign of desperation . And this has nothing to do with riling Obama 's African-American base or ticking off independent voters . It just does n't make sense because what it does is remove the core message of Romney -- the economy -- and makes it about sermons from 20 years ago . Obama 's weakness in 2012 is n't a sermon by Wright called "  Confusing God and Government " -- that 's the one he was ripped for saying "  goddamn America " -- it 's the weak economy and him as its chief steward . When things are going well a president gets the credit , and when they 're not going so good , he gets the blame . And right now , he 's shouldering lots of blame for the economy . Romney 's team was quick to disavow the plan , and even Ricketts had to come out and say that it was one of many proposals that he was presented , and rejected . Now , Ricketts did n't become a billionaire by making dumb decisions . But even allowing this plan to cross his desk is about as dumb as J.P Morgan continuing to employ the folks that lost the firm more than $ 2 billion in a colossal trading screw up . Maybe we can just chalk up the Obama-Wright proposal as an attempt by these GOP strategists to pull a fast one on Ricketts and make a quick buck off of an unsuspecting billionaire . Even that thought has me laughing .	GOP considered airing sermons by the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to attack President Obama Roland Martin says economy seems to be fertile ground for attacks Making Wright a campaign issue in 2008 would n't have kept Obama from winning , he says Martin : Dredging Wright up in 2012 is silly , childish , shows desperation
CNN  -- It is a measure of the squad Alex Ferguson has at his disposal that the Manchester United coach can make eight changes to the side that drew with Real Madrid and still move closer to an historic treble . With his side 12 points clear at the top of the English Premier League and in the box seat after drawing 1-1 with Real in their European Champions League last 16 tie , they moved into the last eight of the FA Cup with a 2-1 win over Reading . Only goalkeeper David De Gea , midfielder Phil Jones and striker Danny Welbeck , who grabbed United 's goal at the Bernabeu , survived from the Real Madrid test as they defeated struggling Reading . Portuguese winger Nani and Mexican striker Javier Hernandez put United into a 2-0 lead before Jobi McAnuff ensured a tense last ten minutes at Old Trafford . United are now in line to play Chelsea in the quarterfinals , if the Blues beat second-tier Middlesbrough . The only negative of the evening was a potentially serious injury to Jones , who limped off after 42 minutes and later left the ground on crutches . "  It was a good cup tie and ended up a really good one , " Ferguson told ESPN . "  They  Reading  went for it , piled the ball into the box and we withstood that . "  We played some great football , missed chances , had shots blocked and their goalkeeper made some saves . "  I ` m satisfied with the quality of the game . We had to defend , our goalkeeper made some excellent saves because at 2-0 we were never comfortable . " On Jones ' injury Ferguson told the club 's own channel MUTV : "  We will have to assess it in the morning . It is an ankle injury so I would imagine he would not be ready for Saturday and we will see what he is like after that . " Arguably , Ferguson 's finest moment in his 26-year stint as manager of United came in 1999 when his side won the Premier League , the FA Cup and the Champions League . And his side are in with a chance of repeating that famous triumph after extending their unbeaten run to 16 matches . United piled on the pressure in the early stages but Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici kept them at bay with smart saves from Tom Cleverley and Ashley Young . Nani came on for Jones and twice went close , volleying narrowly wide before forcing Federici to tip over his fierce shot but the pressure finally told as the Portuguese tucked home from Antonio Valencia 's cross . Three minutes later Hernandez doubled United 's lead with a near post header but McAnuff 's finish on 81 minutes gave Reading hope though they could n't force an equalizer . In Italy , Lazio spurned the chance to leapfrog AC Milan into third place after they went down to a shock 3-0 defeat at Siena . Innocent Emeghara put Siena into a sixth minute lead , turning home Matteo Rubin 's cross before Alessandro Rosina polished off another Rubin center to make it 2-0 . Emeghara got his second and Siena 's third on the hour mark to seal an important win for the club , who remain in the relegation zone despite picking up three points .	Manchester beat Reading 2-1 to move into the quarter finals of the English FA Cup Goals from Portuguese midfielder Nani and striker Javier Hernandez see off Reading Coach Alex Ferguson makes eight changes from the side that drew with Real Madrid Lazio miss the chance to go third in Serie A after a 3-0 defeat at lowly Siena
CNN  -- A man walks into a thrift store . A New Zealand man finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player he bought at a thrift store for $ 9 . It sounds like the opening line to a bad joke . And this case was a bad joke -- for the Pentagon . Chris Ogle of New Zealand was in Oklahoma about a year ago when he bought a used MP3 player from a thrift store for $ 9 . A few weeks ago , he plugged it into his computer to download a song , and he instead discovered confidential U.S. military files . "  The more I look at it , the more I see , and the less I think I should be , " Ogle said with a nervous laugh in an interview with TVNZ . The files included the home addresses , Social Security numbers and cell phone numbers of U.S. soldiers . The player also included what appeared to be mission briefings and lists of equipment deployed to hot spots in Afghanistan and Iraq . Most of the information appears to date to 2005 . The New Zealand journalist who first reported the story was able to contact at least one of the soldiers by dialing a phone number found in the files . He hung up once she explained why she was calling . Watch how man discovered secret military files " Pentagon officials told CNN that they are aware of the MP3 player , but ca n't talk about it until investigators confirm that the information came from the U.S. Department of Defense . "  The government is n't doing a good job of protecting the information that it collects , " said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington . Despite government efforts to protect sensitive information , this is a growing problem , privacy experts say . Two years ago , the Department of Veterans Affairs lost track of a laptop with the personal information of millions of soldiers . And computer hard drives with classified military information have been found for sale at street markets in Afghanistan . "  When you can identify American personnel , when you have their names , their home address , their cell phone numbers , you put people in a dangerous position , " Rotenberg said . In this case , the personal information for several hundred soldiers landed in friendly hands . Ogle told CNN the MP3 player is being kept in a safe place and he will happily turn it over to U.S. military officials if they ask for it .	New Zealander finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player Man bought player for $ 9 a year ago at an Oklahoma thrift store Owner says he 'll happily hand over the player to the U.S. military if he is asked
CNN  -- April Fool 's Day is a tricky time of year when bizarre but often hilarious headlines and products flood our newspapers , Twitter streams and Facebook feeds . This year has seen a fantastic plethora of pranks from the likes of Google , BMW , Twitter and more . But did they manage to trick you ? CNN rounds up some of the best April Fools Day jokes from 2013 . Twitter has announced it will no longer allow the use of vowels in tweets . The social networking service says that by eliminating vowels , they are helping users to a "  more efficient , and ` dense ' form of communication . " They also hope it will increase revenue streams because if you ca n't live in a world without vowels , Twttr -- as it has renamed itself -- will allow you to tweet A , E , I , O and U for the small fee of $ 5 a month . Read more April Fools tech tricks Richard Branson proudly announced Virgin 's latest endeavour -- the world 's first glass-bottomed plane . Virgin Atlantic 's Innovation team has apparently been secretly working on modifying an A320 aircraft which will fly between London and Aberdeen . Branson said : "  I am incredibly proud of yet another aviation breakthrough which has been years in the making . I ca n't wait to experience the first flight for myself with my family and other natural born explorers . " In a story headlined , "  Who needs to tweet when you 've got the Roy-owl Mail , " the Daily Mail reported that an animal sanctuary in the northern England has trained owls to deliver their internal mail in the face of budget cuts and an internal backlog . The Sun broke news that The Rolling Stones spent Easter weekend practicing their camping skills ahead of the band headlining the Glastonbury Festival later this year . The Guardian has launched its own augmented reality device , Guardian Goggles , which will "  beam its journalism directly into the wearer 's visual field , enabling users to see the world through the Guardian 's eyes at all times . " As well as specially-curated Guardian content in real-time , the glasses also feature "  optional built-in anti-bigotry technology . " To celebrate the arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's baby this summer , BMW has unveiled their limited edition P.R.A.M  Postnatal Royal Auto Mobile  . The soft-top convertible features "  EfficientDynamics " technology and comes with two or four-wheel-drive , "  air conditioning and extendable flagpoles as standard . " YouTube has announced it will shut down the popular video-sharing website . In a video posted online , YouTube CEO Salar Kamangar says : "  We started YouTube in 2005 as a contest with a simple goal to find the best video in the world . We had no idea we 'd get such a great response . " All videos that are uploaded before midnight will be reviewed by 30,000 YouTube technicians and the winner will be announced in ten years . Lastly , Google has debut its new odour service , Google Nose Beta . It aims to increase its search engine strength by allowing users to search for smells which are then emitted through their computer screen or mobile device for the "  sharpest olfactory experience . "	April Fools Day pranks flood the Internet on April 1 as media and business try and trick readers This year Google , Youtube , Twitter and Virgin Atlantic among companies with April 1 pranks CNN has compiled a list of some of the best gags from 2013
A suicide bomber detonated explosives Thursday inside a French-funded school in Kabul during a play that condemns suicide attacks , leading to deaths and numerous injuries , the French foreign minister said . The attack happened at Istiqlal High School , a school that includes a French cultural center , in the Afghan capital . The Taliban -- the Islamist extremist group fighting against Afghanistan 's ruling government and firmly opposed by various Western powers -- claimed responsibility , according to spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid . Around 5 p.m. , the theater at the school in central Kabul was packed for a performance of a play titled "  Heartbeats : Silence after the Explosion . " It abruptly ended about 30 minutes later with a very loud bang , a bright light , smoke and dust , according to witness Zahir Sangar . "  When I tried to escape , I saw tens of people covered in blood , some of them were screaming and some of them were quiet , " the student said . Acting Afghan Interior Minister Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said that one person was killed and 15 others injured in the bombing . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said a short time later that several people had died . It was not clear exactly how many or whether the suicide bomber was among the fatalities , though Fabius did say that no French citizens were among the casualties . "  All light must be shed on this barbaric act , " Fabius said . "  And its perpetrators  must be  identified and brought to justice . " The dead include a German national , Kabul police spokesman Hashmat Stanikzai said . French President Francois Hollande also issued a statement condemning what he called a "  heinous attack . " "  By targeting this place of dialogue , " Hollande said , "  it is the culture ... that terrorists have targeted . "	A German national has been killed in the attack , a Kabul police spokesman says A suicide bomber detonates explosives during a play called "  Silence after the Explosion " The attack occurred inside a French-funded high school in central Kabul The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack , a spokesman says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber attacked a shopping center in Kabul City on Monday afternoon killing at two people , officials said . The attack took place at the City Center shopping mall , said police spokesman Hashmatiullah Stanikzai . He said a guard at the mall was killed , while another was wounded . The second fatality was a civilian , said Kabir Amiri , head of the central hospital .	NEW : A civilian and a guard is killed , officials say NEW : Another guard is hurt , police say The attack takes place at the City Center shopping mall
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Legendary pop singer Whitney Houston was found dead Saturday at a Beverly Hills , California , hotel , officials said . She was 48 . The entertainer , whose incredible talent was discovered at an early age , was pronounced dead at 3:55 p.m.  6:55 p.m. ET  at the Beverly Hilton hotel despite resuscitation efforts , a police spokesman said . Beverly Hills Police Lt. Mark Rosen said there were "  no obvious signs of criminal intent " and that the cause of her death is being investigated . Houston 's bodyguard found her body , said Courtney Barnes , publicist for hip-hop artist Ray J , who was dating the pop diva . According to her official website , Houston sold more than 170 million albums , singles and videos . But she also struggled with addiction problems over the years . Houston , whose hits included "  The Greatest Love of All , " died on the eve of the 54th annual Grammy Awards at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . She had performed as late as Thursday night at a pre-Grammy event in the area . A pre-Grammy party was scheduled Saturday night at the Beverly Hilton . Music producer Jimmy Jam , after conversations with those heading up to Sunday 's night show , told CNN that he believes the event will change significantly -- including a tribute to the singer . The entertainer recently returned to a movie set for "  Sparkle , " a remake of the 1976 hit , which was loosely based on the story of The Supremes . It is scheduled be released nationwide in August , according to Sony Pictures . It was her first movie role since 1996 's "  The Preacher 's Wife . " News of her death elicited a flood of reaction from fans and fellow celebrities alike . Singer Aretha Franklin said , "  I just ca n't talk about it now . It 's so stunning and unbelievable . I could n't believe what I was reading coming across the TV screen . My heart goes out to Cissy  Houston 's mother  , her daughter Bobbi Kris , her family and Bobby  Brown  . " Dolly Parton , who wrote "  I Will Always Love You , " said , "  mine is only one of the millions of hearts broken over the death of Whitney Houston . I will always be grateful and in awe of the wonderful performance she did on my song and I can truly say from the bottom of my heart , ` Whitney , I will always love you . You will be missed . ' " Another entertainment legend , Quincy Jones , said he was "  absolutely heartbroken " by the news . "  She was a true original and a talent beyond compare , " he said . Houston 's body of work included a string of Billboard No. 1 hits in the 1980s , including "  Saving All My Love for You , " "  How Will I Know , " "  The Greatest Love of All , " "  Where Do Broken Hearts Go , " and "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody  Who Loves Me  . " Billboard put her soundtrack to the 1992 movie "  The Bodyguard " as one of the top 10 biggest-selling albums of all time . She also starred in the film with Kevin Costner . The soundtrack included the hit , "  I Will Always Love You . " Whitney Houston was born on August 9 , 1963 , in Newark , New Jersey . Famed music producer Clive Davis reportedly spotted Houston 20 years later in a New York nightclub , signing her on the spot , according to her website . Davis steered Houston 's career for more than 25 years , also serving as a mentor . Just Thursday , Davis told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that , with Houston , "  I saw a depth and a range and soul ... that rarely ranks at the top level . And that 's why we 've been working together ever since . " The singer 's rendition of the national anthem at the 1991 Super Bowl , days into the first Persian Gulf War , earned raves and cemented her place in the American musical landscape . After "  The Bodyguard , " Houston went on to appear in several more films in the 1990s , including "  Waiting to Exhale . " In 2000 , Houston earned her sixth Grammy for best female R&B performance and , a month later , she was named female artist of the decade at the "  Soul Train " Music Awards . Her career stalled , however , in subsequent years as she entered rehab for addiction problems . Houston took a hiatus for several years before releasing her first album in seven years , "  I Look to You , " in 2009 . "  I just took a break , which sometimes you have to , " said Houston . "  You have to know when to slow that train down and kind of just sit back and relax for a minute . " In May 2011 , Houston got help for her much-publicized struggle with drugs and alcohol , her representative said at the time . In a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey , Houston recalled how her mother arrived one day at her doorstep at her daughter 's house with sheriff 's officers and a court order in a drug intervention . She talked about doing cocaine and smoking marijuana . "  My mother  says , ' I have a court  injunction  here , ' " Houston said . "  Either you do it my way , or we 're just not going to do this at all . We are both going to go on TV , and you 're going to retire . ' " Houston had a high-profile and tumultuous marriage to Bobby Brown , a former "  New Edition " star who has had multiple brushes with the law . The couple appeared together in the mid-2000s on the reality show "  Being Bobby Brown . " They had one child together , Bobbi Kristina . Houston was the cousin of Dionne Warwick , another acclaimed performer . Singer Lionel Richie told CNN that Houston was one of the best . "  She had that voice that could just turn a story , a melody into magical notes , " Richie said . CNN 's Denise Quan and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Aretha Franklin calls news "  stunning " Houston 's bodyguard found her body , boyfriend 's publicist says A tribute is expected at Sunday night 's Grammy Awards The entertainer had struggled with addiction problems
CNN  -- The war itself lasted for less than three months . But 30 years on , wounds from the Falklands war are fresh , and Britain and Argentina are still at odds over the chilly , windswept island chain in the South Atlantic . Monday marks the 30th anniversary of the start of the war over the Falklands , which Argentina calls Las Malvinas . Britain won the 74-day war that began with an Argentine invasion attempt , but Argentina still presses claims to the islands , which are home to more than 3,000 people . "  Thirty years ago today , the people of the Falkland Islands suffered an act of aggression that sought to rob them of their freedom and their way of life . ... Today is a day for commemoration and reflection ; a day to remember all those who lost their lives in the conflict , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said to mark the day . "  We are rightly proud of the role Britain played in righting a profound wrong , " he added . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 . The war 's anniversary provided an opening for leaders of the two nations to begin a new round of verbal sparring , which has erupted over the islands in the past several months -- with Prince William 's six-week deployment to the islands in February and March as a high-profile backdrop . "  It is an injustice that in the 21st century there are still colonial enclaves like we have here , a few kilometers away , " Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said in a speech in southern Argentina on Monday . She described claims that the Argentinian people were behind the 1982 war "  absurd " and "  ridiculous , " and called on British officials to begin negotiations over the islands , which have been under British rule since 1833 . "  We want them to respect the law and the constitution of our country . This is not a story that started 30 years ago . It is going to be 180 years of usurpation , " she added . British officials have dismissed calls for negotiations , arguing that the islands ' residents have a right to decide their fate . "  It takes two to tango , and unfortunately , one of the two sides has been systematically refusing to start diplomatic negotiations , " Argentinian Ambassador to the United States Jorge Arguello told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Monday . Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources . In February , Argentina complained to the United Nations about what it called Britain 's militarization of the region . It had already banned Falklands ships from its ports , an action joined by other South American and Caribbean nations . The recent deployment of Prince William to the Falklands in his role as a Royal Air Force search-and-rescue pilot , as well as Britain 's decision to send a new warship to the area , further fueled tensions . On Thursday , Argentina sent a letter to stock markets in London and New York telling them that companies exploring for oil near the islands risk criminal charges or civil liabilities . British Foreign Office Minister Jeremy Browne criticized Argentina Monday for being "  confrontational " over the islands . "  I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to be protectionist . I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to start trade wars . I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to have any sort of suggestion at all that they are considering coercing the people of the Falkland Islands into a political arrangement against their will , " he told CNN . "  I think Argentina  is  making a number of political miscalculations , but obviously that 's the choice that they 're making . It 's not a choice that we 're making . " On Monday , the British military said the HMS Dauntless , a destroyer , will set sail Wednesday on a "  routine deployment " to the South Atlantic , where it will relieve another ship in the region after months of preparation . "  We are now ready to provide a reassuring presence in the region and protect British interests , " Capt. Will Warrender said in a statement . The Falklands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British overseas territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . Cameron has repeatedly said that it is up to the residents of the Falklands to determine their allegiance , and so far that support has been staunchly British . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self-determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently I would argue is actually far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else , " he told lawmakers this year . CNN 's Glenda Umana , Marilia Brocchetto , Zain Verjee and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : The British foreign office minister criticizes Argentina 's "  miscalculations " Argentina 's president calls the Falklands a "  colonial enclave " Monday marks the 30th anniversary of the start of the 74-day Falklands war Britain won the war over the Falkland Islands ; Argentina still claims what it calls Las Malvinas
CNN  -- When two important countries appear to be goading each other into a dangerous and meaningless war , it can be useful to take a deep breath , lay the rhetoric aside for a moment , and go back to basics . The past several weeks have seen a sharp increase in the three-decade war of words between the United States and Iran . Iran has held maneuvers in the critical Strait of Hormuz , combined with threats to interrupt commerce there . The United States has lost its third drone over Iran , and unnamed parties are conducting an unprecedented covert campaign of cyberwar and assassinations inside Iran . Iran says it has broken up a U.S. spy ring and has condemned a U.S. citizen to death . President Clinton launched U.S. sanctions against Iran 's oil industry by executive order in the election year of 1995 ; at that time , Iran had not a single centrifuge turning . After a decade and a half of the United States and the international community 's escalating sanctions , Iran has more than 8,000 centrifuges spinning and a substantial stock of low-enriched uranium . This is the very definition of a failed policy . The U.S. Congress in December passed a defense authorization bill that included provisions intended to bring down the Central Bank of Iran . Although President Obama expressed reservations , he signed it into law . This latest U.S. sanctions package is openly intended to deprive Iran of its oil revenues . By prohibiting other countries from dealing with Iran 's banks , it is intended to prevent Iran from selling its oil . That is the equivalent of an act of war -- a financial blockade of Iran 's oil ports that would deprive Iran of more than half its budgetary revenues . We should not be surprised that a country faced with economic warfare would remind the world that it , too , can create mischief . Iran can not close the Strait of Hormuz for a prolonged period of time , but it is capable of impeding oil traffic out of the Persian Gulf for many months . The loss of its own oil exports would be the trigger for such action , which would drive up the price of oil to unforeseeable levels and risk a wider regional war . A war with Iran would not be surgical , brief , or one-sided . As memorably noted by Gen. Anthony Zinni , if you like Iraq and Afghanistan , you will love Iran . It is a huge country , well-defended , with a fierce sense of nationalism . No air campaign , even if prolonged , will end the problem . Regardless of how a conflict begins , it is most likely to end with lots of boots on the ground . A squad of special forces will not do the job . Paradoxically , the quickest way to insure that the Iranians decide to go for a bomb may be to bomb them . The most predictable result of a military strike would be Iran 's withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the ejection of International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and cameras that watch every step of the Iranian enrichment process . Iran has a dreadful leadership . The surest way to rally the Iranian people around this corrupt and repressive system is for an external power to attack it . In the past few days , we have been reminded by Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta that Iran has made no decision to actually build a nuclear weapon . At the same time , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , while denouncing Iran 's decision to proceed with its deep underground enrichment facility near Qom , has forcefully reiterated the U.S. call for Iran to return to the nuclear negotiating table . In the midst of all the saber-rattling and the clamor of an election year , what is there to talk about ? A good place to begin would be the original U.S. offer to swap 20 % - enriched fuel plates , to be used in Iran 's research reactor , for Iranian enriched uranium . The fuel plates were originally a gift from the United States to be used in the production of medical isotopes . Iran tentatively agreed to such an offer in 2009 , only to withdraw it in the face of domestic opposition . It later accepted the proposal in writing , guaranteed by Turkey and Brazil , only to have it rejected by the United States in 2010 . Iran has since signaled its willingness to resume discussions without preconditions . U.S. policy has been one of pressure leading to negotiations . Iran has also pursued a dual-track policy of threats combined with offers of negotiation . These policies have resulted in the prospect of a war that would be disastrous to all . What we need right now is a crisis exit ramp . Perhaps this is the moment to explore the negotiating track that both sides say they prefer . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sick .	Gary Sick : Iran and U.S. are goading each other and need to step back Sick : Sanctions to stop nuclear program in Iran , set in 1995 , have failed He says war with Iran would not be won with aerial campaign and would be catastrophic We need an exit ramp , he says , and must explore the negotiating track both sides say they prefer
CNN  -- Haleigh Jacobs and her husband , David , have spent the last two months in the hospital , hovering over their 8-pound newborn , Brantley . He has yet to spend a day outside the incubator , smell fresh air or go home to meet his siblings . Brantley 's right leg juts out like a reddish brown lump of flesh that is thicker than his torso . His toes , indistinguishable from each other , look like dimples . The leg is studded with damaged blood vessels , veins and capillaries that look like raisins . Another lump protrudes from his abdomen . "  It is frustrating , " his mother said . "  For one , being a parent , you feel helpless , and then , you 've got a baby that 's hurting . " But this is an improvement from what Brantley has endured . He had a rectal tear that spontaneously gushed blood and fluids . That has been healing . For families dealing with rare diseases , the road to a diagnosis is a long , winding one , riddled with confusion , complications and expenses . Although pop culture has left an impression that there is a genius doctor somewhere , like the fictional Dr. House who can identify and cure rare diseases , the reality is far different . After the diagnosis , the lack of answers or effective treatment can be completely unsatisfying . "  Two-thirds of the people with rare diseases are children , because these are genetic diseases , " said Mary Dunkle , the vice president for communications at the National Organization for Rare Disorders . "  It 's very often young parents with a new baby and they 're very , very worried and very much in unfamiliar territory . " On December 28 , the Jacobses , who are from Blanchard , Oklahoma , welcomed their second son . Brantley Lane Jacobs was born eight weeks early . "  I did n't get to see him , " Haleigh Jacobs said , about after the birth . "  But I saw his leg . It was hard not to see his leg . ... I started bawling . " Brantley weighed 4 pounds , 3 ounces . His leg weighed 1 pound . The leg had puffed up because of a buildup of blood vessels , called hemangioma . The skin of his legs had stretched thin to encase the increasing swelling and had become fragile like a burn patient 's . The leg required constant wrapping and moisturizing to prevent chapping and bleeding . Jacobs had learned before giving birth there was something unusual about her third baby . Twenty-one weeks into her pregnancy , she and her husband went to get an ultrasound to find out whether the baby was a boy or a girl . The specialists noticed an unusual lump on the fetus . When he was delivered , Brantley 's physical state was perplexing . The doctors were baffled , Jacobs said . The swelling on Brantley 's leg kept growing . Every time Brantley was moved or his leg touched , he would wince or scream . The hole near his rectum would bleed whenever someone tried to wipe him during a diaper change . Brantley has never been breastfed , because he 's too fragile . His mother gingerly feeds him with a bottle , worried that any jerks or sudden movements could bother his skin . His doctors in Oklahoma called specialists and sent images and test results to other pediatricians and specialists around the country . Maybe , one of the doctor speculated , Brantley had Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome , a rare childhood genetic disease . Another doctor suggested it could be CLOVES Syndrome , another rare vascular disease that causes malformations and has only been found in 80 people . Another doctor thought it could be a combination of both diseases , possibly a new condition . There are almost 7,000 rare diseases in the United States , according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders . These tend to be complex diseases , " said Dunkle . "  It 's really not in any way bashing the professional medical community . People have a hard time getting a diagnosis , it 's obviously distressing and difficult for families and patients . " The parents wanted to find someone who could help their son . Haleigh Jacobs e-mailed doctors and worked with doctors in Oklahoma to get referrals to other hospitals . In mid-February , Brantley was referred to Arkansas Children 's Hospital in Little Rock . Jacobs took a leave from her job as a dispatcher for the police department and so did her husband , who works for a company that locates and marks underground gas and electric lines . Families are often encouraged to go to teaching hospitals on the theory that they will have a better chance there of interacting with medical professionals who may have seen something similar to their situations . When Brantley arrived in Arkansas , the diagnosis was Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome , a rare disorder that appears in one in 100,000 children , said Dr. Gresham Richter , associate professor at the University of Arkansas for medical sciences . Richter sees about 30 cases a year at the hospital . The way Brantley presented with the disease was so unusual Richter said he has only seen it in two other patients . Some Klippel-Trenaunay patients have internal bleeding because of the malformation of blood vessels in organs such as the liver , heart , lungs and rectum . They usually have port wine marks on the skin and the growth of masses of blood vessels and varicose veins . "  It 's usually a cutaneous birthmark that is red and inflamed . It becomes bigger and bigger , " Richter said . "  It usually does not appear at birth like Brantley 's does . It 's a rare form of KTS , and the one that is most dangerous because it grows very quickly . " The swelling in Brantley 's leg is caused by accumulating lymphatic fluids collecting in his leg . The muscles , tendons and bones in Brantley 's right leg are being infiltrated , Richter said . There is no cure for the disease , which is often the case when dealing with rare diagnoses . "  The worst thing is to get a diagnosis and find out there 's no treatment , no support group , " Dunkle said . Sometimes that 's how patient advocacy groups are formed , she added . Although the appearance of Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome is shocking , Richter said patients can have a normal life expectancy . Brantley will need laser surgery continually to remove the damaged blood vessels in his leg . The surgery does not address the underlying cause of the disease , which is believed to be genetic . His leg will have to be amputated at some point , Richter said . Brantley 's parents are seeking a second opinion and another hospital as they contemplate their next step . They brought Brantley home for the first time this week . But the homecoming has been overshadowed by a looming medical decision . "  We have been going back and forth , " she said . "  Do we tell them to take the leg ? Is he going to be mad at us when he gets older ? " Her husband added that when they first learned of the malformation during pregnancy , they were given two options : abort Brantley or give birth and see what happens . "  That was an easy decision on our part , " he said . "  This whole leg amputation , it has been left up to us . That 's a tough decision because the decisions we have to make have nothing to do with us . It 's for the betterment of him . Do we leave the leg and hope someone can fix it three or four years down the line ? "	Brantley was born with 25 % of his birth weight coming from a malformed leg Young parents are usually the people who have to deal with rare diseases In cases like these , parents often feel frustrated and helpless
CNN  -- Last year on December 1 -- World AIDS Day -- President Barack Obama said that creating an "  AIDS-free generation " around the world was finally within our grasp . This World AIDS Day , let 's help him achieve that goal . And let 's start in the United States . While the AIDS research and activist communities continue to celebrate some major breakthroughs during the past few years , we continue to struggle with an epidemic in the United States that grows unabated . Each year , 50,000 Americans become newly infected with HIV -- the virus that causes AIDS -- and more than 1.1 million people are living with the virus . And while everyone is at risk and should know their status , data tell us that communities of color -- particularly black women and young , black gay , bisexual and other men who have sex with men -- are disproportionately affected by the virus . If we 're going to create an AIDS-free generation here at home , we need to start investing in resources that will curb the epidemic among these populations . Hillary Clinton unveils ` blueprint ' to combat AIDS According to a Fenway Institute study released at this year 's International AIDS Conference , nearly 6 % of black men under the age of 30 who have sex with men are newly infected with HIV every year in six cities across the United States . That 's three times the rate among white men who have sex with men . Perhaps most alarming , a Black AIDS Institute study claims that 60 % of black men who have sex with men will have HIV by age 40 . Among black women , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that nearly 1 in 32 black women will become infected with HIV in their lifetime . And despite representing 14 % of the female U.S. population , black women make up 66 % of all new HIV infections among women , according to the HIV Prevention Trials Network . When statistics are this shocking , we must take action . In his World AIDS Day address last year , Obama said , "  When new infections among young , black , gay men increase by nearly 50 % in three years , we need to do more to show them that their lives matter . When Latinos are dying sooner than other groups ; when black women feel forgotten even though they account for most of the new cases among women , we need to do more . " So : What can we do to make people feel like they matter , and feel like we have n't forgotten them ? One thing we can all do right now is go get tested -- and encourage our friends and neighbors to get tested , too . Knowing your status is the first step to curbing the epidemic . Go to hivtest.cdc.gov to find out where to get tested in your neighborhood . If you test negative , learn how to stay that way . If you test positive , learn your treatment options and take control of your health . Second , we must fight the disease -- not the people who have it . We need an open dialogue among families , schools , and churches about the risks of HIV , and we need to recognize the role stigma plays in pushing the epidemic underground and unchecked . Stigma against people living with this disease , or who are particularly vulnerable to it , has no place in our evidence-based quest to stop the spread of AIDS . We must hate this disease ; we must never hate our fellow human beings . Third , we must educate everyone -- particularly black women and young black men -- about their vulnerability to the virus . Everyone has a right to feel empowered to take control of their sexual lives and the health of themselves and their families . Half of young people with HIV do n't know it Finally , we need to realize that AIDS will remain with us as long as we keep our guard down . The dialogue we start this week needs to take place every day , not just World AIDS Day . Talk to your kids about the importance of safe sex and abstinence . Talk to your partners about the importance of monogamy . Thirty years into the AIDS epidemic , we can finally see , in the distance , an end . We finally possess the ability to change this region 's , and the world 's , future . Will you join us in helping us create a truly AIDS-free generation by first creating one here at home ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Jackson and Mathilde Krim .	We continue to struggle with an unabated HIV epidemic in the United States Communities of color are disproportionately affected by the virus We must fight the disease -- not the people who have it , say amfAR representatives
Qassim Shesho stands on Mount Sinjar in northern Iraq , overlooking a vast mountain range that rises from the desert . The calm is deceptive . He worries about the village behind him . Sheref ad-Din holds one of the holiest shrines for the Yazidis . ISIS militants are only two miles away . "  ISIS wants to exterminate us and they want to establish an Islamic caliphate , but Islam is not like what they are doing to us , " Shesho says . He says he commands about 2,000 Yazidi fighters . Just months ago , he lived a peaceful life in Germany . "  I came back because my people are here . ISIS are terrorists . I came to defend my land , my family and my religion , " he tells CNN by phone , speaking in Arabic . He did n't come alone . Shesho 's 26-year-old son , Yassir Qassim Khalaf , is with him . Yassir arrived in September , shortly after ISIS 's initial attack on Yazidis left thousands stranded on the mountain without food , water or medical care . Their plight captured the world 's attention . The Iraqi air force and fighters with the Kurdish fighting force -- the peshmerga -- rescued some families in a dramatic helicopter mission . U.S. airstrikes helped clear a path for thousands of Yazidis to escape the mountain into neighboring Syria and to Iraqi Kurdish territory . Yet the nightmare continues for thousands who remain on the mountain , surrounded by ISIS forces intent on eradicating anyone in their path . "  You ca n't just stay in Germany , live in luxury and leave your family and your people alone while you are watching it all on TV , thinking , ` It 'll work itself out , ' " Yassir says in German . Shesho 's troops , in many ways , are fighting an existential fight . Yazidis are one of the oldest religious communities in the world , with a population estimated at only 700,000 . They have suffered persecution through the ages . Many Muslims consider them devil worshipers . Yazidis captured by ISIS have been forced to convert to Islam . Gruesome reports have emerged of Yazidi women being enslaved , raped and sold off by ISIS members while men and boys are executed . The United Nations concluded that the actions of ISIS "  may amount to an attempt to commit genocide . " Who are the Yazidis and why does ISIS want to kill them ? He came to ` defend , ' not to ` fight ' "  I decided to defend Sinjar , not to fight . They decided to fight , " Shesho says of ISIS . "  We defend our land and our holy places . I have lived in Germany for 24 years and have always abhorred killing and fighting . " Shesho 's troops receive weapons and humanitarian aid from the Kurdish regional government . Kurdish forces airdrop food and weapons . U.S. airstrikes on ISIS also have helped , but Shesho says it 's not enough . "  ISIS wants to ruin the whole world . We want more American airstrikes between Sinjar and Dahouk so we can go back to our lands and live in peace . " At one point , Shesho 's five sons fought ISIS alongside him in the mountains . Three have returned to Germany . Yassir and an older brother , Haydar Qassim Shesho , remain . They keep in touch with friends and family in Germany as much as fighting and bad cellular reception allow . Yassir says his mother worries . They try to console her . "  Three times a week , we try to send her pictures and messages to say that everything is OK here and that she does n't need to worry , " Yassir says . His mother and brothers are in a German town of 50,000 called Bad Oeynhausen , in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia . ' I just could n't bear to witness the suffering ' The family fled Iraq in 1990 , when Saddam Hussein ruled the country . They went to Germany and eventually became citizens . Yassir was 2 . "  When I 'm in Germany , I 'm grateful that I 'm able to be there . But if it comes to it , then I 'm ready to die here , " he says . Before coming to Iraq , Yassir worked part time in crafts services for companies and hotels around his hometown . "  I actually wanted to be here from the beginning because I just could n't bear to witness the suffering of the Yazidis . ... How our honor is tainted , how our families and wives are being captured , " Yassir says . "  To go from luxury to war is not pleasant , but you got ta do what you got ta do . "	Qassim Shesho commands about 2,000 Yazidi fighters on Mount Sinjar in Iraq He and his sons , all Iraq natives and German citizens , came after ISIS attacked Yazidis "  I decided to defend Sinjar , not to fight . They decided to fight , " he says of ISIS Shesho 's son Yassir : "  If it comes to it , then I 'm ready to die here "
Atlanta  CNN  Two days after she was found facedown and unresponsive in a bathtub full of water at her Roswell , Georgia , home , Whitney Houston 's daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown is on a ventilator and in intensive care , a source close to the family said . Brown , 21 , was placed in a medically induced coma and the status of her brain function wo n't be known until the sedatives are reduced , the source told CNN . "  Bobbi Kristina is fighting for her life and is surrounded by immediate family . As her father already stated , we are asking you to honor our request for privacy during this difficult time , " the Houston family said , thanking her supporters . The source close to the family told CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin that Brown 's eyes opened and closed a few times Monday , but that doctors told family members not to read too much into that movement . Doctors were trying to reduce the sedatives to check Brown 's brain function , but decided not to and to keep her in the coma for now , the source said . The source added that Brown had some seizures on Monday . Bobbi Kristina , in her own words She "  was not breathing " when a man identified as her husband found her Saturday morning inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb . He called 911 and performed CPR until emergency crews arrived and took over , said police spokeswoman Lisa Holland . The spokeswoman said when Brown was found , she was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat . " In scanner traffic , emergency services could be heard describing an "  ECHO-level response " -- urgent and life threatening -- with "  possible cardiac arrest . " "  Twenty-one-year-old female in the bathtub , facedown . PD 's  police department 's  en route . " Brown was taken to a local hospital , where "  she is still alive and breathing . Other than that , I do n't know her condition , " Holland said over the weekend . A source close to the family told CNN contributor Nischelle Turner on Monday that Brown is in "  really bad shape . " Everyone is "  hoping for the best , preparing for the worst , " and "  praying for a miracle , " the source said . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . The incident report referenced a drowning . Police had been to Bobbi Kristina Brown 's residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland said . Almost three years ago , Whitney Houston was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton hotel near Los Angeles , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her February 11 , 2012 , death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . "  She encourages me and inspires me , " Houston once said of her daughter . "  When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` OK . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Brown was born in 1993 during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became a public figure during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " in which she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Bobby Brown requested privacy in a statement issued Sunday by his lawyer , who said that Brown was at the hospital with his daughter . "  Please allow for my family to deal with this matter and give my daughter the love and support she needs at this time , " Bobby Brown said . Mother and daughter performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Given the pair 's close relationship , it 's no surprise that Houston 's death was a major blow . Days after her mother 's body was found , a grieving Bobbi Kristina -- then 18 -- was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center because she was "  overwhelmed , " family friend Kim Burrell said . "  She loves hard , " Burrell said then of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " After Houston 's death , Bobbi Kristina talked of pursuing a career in acting and music , just like her mother . In 2012 , she reportedly lobbied for a role in a planned biopic of her mother 's life . Lifetime 's "  Whitney , " which was directed by actress Angela Bassett , debuted in January 2015 , but the Houston family was not involved . Brown did make her acting debut in 2012 on Tyler Perry 's TBS show "  For Better or Worse . " Her performance in the small role won praise from Perry . "  She did a fantastic job , " he said at the time . "  And that kid has a such a future . She 's such an actor . " Even before her famous mother 's death , videos of Brown singing surfaced on You Tube and were quickly criticized by fans who felt her talent did not live up to Houston 's . Concerns that she may have substance abuse issues , as her mother did , intensified in July 2014 after a picture was posted on her Instagram account showing a young woman who looked like Brown appearing to be smoking from a bong . The caption read : "  This picture may be inappropriate but I want to make a connection with you all . Do n't worry this picture is n't recent just hear me out . Do you know what I feel ? I feel strange I ca n't feel any pain anymore . I do n't take any drugs as of recently . Things just happened . But then there is some situation that force me to do things and the impact I 'll feel pain . I did and I do . I was hurt . " Brown later denied that she posted the photo and tweeted that it was done by someone attempting to tarnish her image . Brown appeared on episodes of Lifetime 's brief reality show "  The Houstons : On Our Own , " which followed her life after Houston 's death . One of the show 's storylines revolved around Brown 's relationship with Nick Gordon , who had lived with Houston and her daughter since he was 12 years old . Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon , and in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings , presumably belonging to her and Gordon , along with the words , #HappilyMarried • SO #Inlove . " "  Houston  made me promise several times to look after Krissy ... and , Mom , I will never ever , ever break that promise , " Gordon told the entertainment show "  Extra " afterward , saying Houston "  just treated me like she gave birth to me . " It was unclear whether Gordon came home Saturday morning to find Brown in the bathtub or if he had been in another part of the house overnight , Holland said . Police have obtained a search warrant to look through the house , but that 's standard procedure , she said . Concern for Brown surged again after news broke . Music director Michael Bearden sent along "  healing energy to the daughter of a late great friend . " Songwriter Diane Warren tweeted , "  I hope Bobbi Kristina gets the help she needs . " "  Poor thing , " Warren wrote . "  Almost 3 yrs to the day her mom passed and the same thing almost happened to her . " CNN 's Lisa Respers France and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Whitney Houston 's daughter experienced seizures on Monday , a source says Bobbi Kristina Brown was found in a bathtub full of water over the weekend at her home Her mother was found dead in a bathtub at a California hotel in 2012
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Huang Guangyu , once China 's richest man , was sentenced Tuesday to 14 years in prison , state media reported . Huang -- the head of Gome , one of China 's leading retail chains -- was charged with stock-market manipulation , insider trading and bribery . The sentence , handed down Tuesday , also fines Huang 600 million yuan  $ 87.8 million  and confiscates property worth 200 million yuan  $ 29.2 million  , said the Xinhua news agency . The 41-year-old Huang went on trial in late April . He emerged as a rags-to-riches entrepreneur in the late 1980s , when young Chinese pursued business ideas and turned them into multi-million dollar ventures . Born to a poor family in southern Guangdong province , he moved to Beijing in his late teens and , with a capital of 30,000 yuan  $ 4,391  , set up with his brother a home appliances distribution company . He founded Gome Electrical Appliances Holding in 1987 and built it into a flourishing retail chain . Huang ranked first on Hurun 's China Rich List , a local publication , in 2008 with an estimated fortune worth $ 6.3 billion . Such a top ranking is usually not celebrated in China because of the scrutiny it brings . Huang typically kept a low profile despite his wealth and influence . His meteoric rise has captured the popular imagination in and outside China . He also inspired many aspiring Chinese entrepreneurs . Police detained Huang in November 2008 for an investigation into suspected "  economic crimes . " Little was heard of him or of the investigation , but the police dragnet gradually grew wider , ensnaring government and police officials in charge of fighting financial crimes . Huang resigned from Gome 's company board in January 2009 . In February , after 15 months in custody , Huang was formally charged .	Huang Guangyu , once China 's richest man , was sentenced Tuesday to 14 years Huang was charged with stock-market manipulation , insider trading and bribery He headed Gome , a leading retail chains , and was once worth $ 6.3 billion
CNN  -- An Iowa community was shut down much of Sunday afternoon while emergency crews remained hard at work , sifting through wreckage caused by a wave of powerful tornadoes that swept across the state overnight . The twisters caused major damage to about 60 % of Mapleton , a city of about 1,200 residents , Monona County Sheriff Jeff Pratt told reporters Sunday . It was all part of a violent storm system that struck overnight , originating in eastern Nebraska and following a warm front across northern Iowa , according to National Weather Service meteorologist Frank Boksa . But despite causing extensive damage , it did not lead to any fatalities , said Stefanie Bond , a spokeswoman for Iowa 's Homeland Security & Emergency Management Division . Wildfires in Texas | Flooding in upper Midwest Mapleton was among the hardest-hit areas . Initially , concerns about a gas leak had prompted all nonresidents to be barred from the community , which is about 45 miles southeast of Sioux City . By 5 p.m. , people were being allowed back in , though authorities remained on the scene , according to the sheriff 's department . The high winds tossed cars and tractors , tore off roofs , caused a car wash to collapse , uprooted trees and downed power lines . Yet Pratt said there had been only minor injuries , giving credit to advance warning as well as an emergency response effort that included authorities both local and from elsewhere . "  There was major devastation to the southwest portion of town , but no fatalities , " the sheriff said . Iowa Gov. Terry E. Branstad issued a disaster proclamation for Monona County , according to a statement from his office . The proclamation allows officials to use state funds to help . He later issued a similar proclamation for Pocahontas County , which also suffered severe damage . He then toured the tornado-ravaged town on Sunday afternoon , posting pictures online of uprooted trees and conversations with residents . On his Twitter page , Branstad wrote , "  Please keep the victims in your thoughts and prayers . " The twisters struck just before midnight Saturday . Amateur video recorded by storm chasers shows a large funnel cloud spinning across a flat terrain outside Mapleton . In the background , a passenger can be heard exclaiming , "  It 's going to hit that town ! ... Mapleton 's in big trouble ! " Did you witness the storm ? Share your story Afterward , National Guard troops were brought into the area , according to Stefanie Bond , a public information officer for the state 's Homeland Security & Emergency Management Division . She also said that natural gas service was temporarily shut off in the city . The Red Cross was also on the ground providing assistance . Bruce Spence , a government liaison for the group , called the damage to the town "  extensive . " "  The whole town is without power . Main Street is a disaster , " he told CNN . "  They 've shut down the town . As we speak , I 'm looking down one of the residential streets . There 's debris all over , trees are down . "  This is n't going to get fixed soon , " Spence said . The National Weather Service in Des Moines , Iowa , reported tornado sightings by storm chasers and trained spotters in as many as 11 towns and cities in northern and west-central Iowa over a four-hour period Saturday night . At least three of the twisters , including the Mapleton tornado , caused significant damage , according to Boksa . In Early , a town of 1,600 residents , a tornado ripped roofs off buildings and homes and uprooted large trees , authorities said . There were no reports of injuries in that town . In Schaller , a twister knocked down a dozen trees and felled multiple power poles , the weather service reported . Tammie Pech , a Red Cross spokeswoman , said the agency was opening shelters in Mapleton and Early to take in storm victims . Only four people slept in the Mapleton shelter overnight Sunday , Spence said . Most displaced residents opted to stay with family and friends , he said . The National Weather Service also reported major damage in Nemaha , possibly from a tornado . Bond noted that strong winds also tore through hog pens in Pocohontas Country , in central Iowa , and Kossuth County , in the east along the Illinois border . Three cities in Fayette County -- Fayette , Westgate and Maynard -- were without power for about an hour Sunday evening due to a blown transformer , the state 's emergency management spokeswoman said . Randy Frank , Fayette County 's homeland security and emergency management coordinator , said that the challenges continued well after the tornadoes came through , with sustained winds blowing at least 50 mph into Sunday evening . "  Our biggest problem right now is fuel fires out of control , " said Frank , whose county is about 255 miles from Monona County . "  And it 's that way across the state , with the wind , which  can  be very dangerous in  fanning  the fire . " CNN 's Greg Morrison , Greg Botelho and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : A Fayette County official says fuel fires , fanned by strong winds , are a concern Mapleton had been shut down as authorities probed a possible gas leak A Red Cross liaison calls the city 's Main Street "  a disaster , " with debris everywhere Other Iowa communities are also hit hard by overnight twisters
For about two minutes on Saturday , millions of eyes will focus on Louisville , home of Kentucky 's most feted affair , that blissfully short sporting event that comes with its own cocktail . Horses , hats and barrels of booze star in that show , and while the Kentucky Derby experience is not to be missed , Churchill Downs ' hometown is worth lingering over . Whether you 're headed to the races or thinking about a future visit , enhance your trip with these Louisville experiences : A touch of art The 21c Museum Hotel houses 21st-century work by established and emerging artists , as well as 90 guest rooms complete with original art . A huge revitalization success , 21c Louisville was created by transforming downtown tobacco and bourbon warehouses and has been voted among the top hotels in the world by Condé Nast Traveler readers . Get your contemporary art fix for free 24 hours a day in the museum . Video art fans , you 'll have to keep slightly more sensible hours . Video installations by artists that have included Bill Viola and Tony Oursler run from 7 a.m. to 1 a.m. Visitors to 21c will be greeted outside by Turkish artist Serkan Ozkaya 's 30-foot golden replica of Michelangelo 's David . A sip of bourbon Top off the museum experience with a cocktail , or perhaps a bourbon flight , at the adjoining Proof Bar or a meal at Proof on Main , where chef Levon Wallace showcases Ohio River Valley ingredients . The bar stocks more than 50 Kentucky bourbons for your sipping pleasure . You 're in the right state for sampling the dark liquor as most of the world 's bourbon is produced in Kentucky . The Kentucky Bourbon Trail hits seven distilleries , or just continue along the Urban Bourbon Trail . A bit of sport Just down the street from 21c , the history of the "  Official Bat of Major League Baseball " is chronicled at the Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory . You ca n't miss the building . The world 's biggest baseball bat , which is 120 feet long , rests against its side . The bat makers , Hillerich & Bradsby Co. , have been turning out baseball bats for more than a century , and the facility features exhibits and tours of the plant where bats for today 's pros are made . A hefty snack Louisville 's elegant Brown Hotel , built in 1923 , is home to the hot brown , a hearty post-revelry snack . The open-faced turkey sandwich , topped with bacon and Mornay sauce was created in the 1920s to satiate hungry dinner dance guests in the wee hours . It still satisfies . A spot of history Derby attendee or no , you probably do n't want to miss one of the city 's most popular attractions , the Kentucky Derby Museum at Churchill Downs . It 's closed this Friday and Saturday for the weekend 's festivities , but general admission is available on Sunday  Note that it 's the museum 's busiest day of the year  . At Churchill Downs , Early Times Kentucky whiskey will provide the kick for nearly 120,000 mint juleps expected to cross race-goers ' lips during the Kentucky Oaks and Derby races this weekend .  The Oaks race , held the day before Derby , is more affordable and popular with locals . A taste of nature A breath of fresh air is never a bad idea when you 're mixing tourism and bourbon . Stroll along the 2.4 mile loop at Cherokee Park , which is part of an extensive system of Louisville parks designed by renowned landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted  of Central Park fame  . Another bite or two Louisville has earned the distinction of being one of the top five "  Foodiest " small cities in America by Bon Appétit magazine . Restaurant openings are eagerly anticipated , and the city 's 2,500 eateries provide plenty of options for every palate . For some of the freshest choices head to NuLu along East Market Street , where trendy new businesses and loft developments are fueling a rebirth . NuLu = "  New Louisville . " Last year 's hot newcomer Decca is still generating buzz with original cocktails , a cellar lounge and local , seasonal fare . One last sip of bourbon At a real risk of overindulging , make a pilgrimage to The Oakroom at the historic Seelbach Hotel where you can sample the hotel 's namesake cocktail , which dates back to 1917 . It 's a blend of bourbon , triple sec , Angostura bitters , Peychaud 's bitters and Champagne . Go home . Detox .	The Kentucky Derby 's hometown is worth lingering over Bourbon looms large in this booming foodie town Get outside and explore the local museums while you 're there
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Making it to the top as a prima ballerina takes a lot of work , strength and time -- and , says , Svetlana Zakharova , "  a lot of emotions . " The 33-year-old Russian has been prima ballerina , or principal dancer , with Moscow 's prestigious Bolshoi theatre company for nearly a decade and her presence on a cast list is guaranteed to fill any theatre in London , New York or Paris . Zakharova 's grace and stage presence belie her difficult , and sometimes lonely , journey to the top . Born in the historic , north-western city of Lutsk in Soviet-era Ukraine , Zakharova 's mother sent her away to train at the age of 10 -- first to Kiev , then at St. Petersburg 's esteemed Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet . "  It took me a few years to get used to the ballet , " she said . "  My child 's body was not ready to handle such loads , and the legs that were used to walk upright had to be twisted and the back always had to be held straight . It was a huge strain and I did not have the strength . " It was an unhappy period in the young Zakharova 's life . She says that she would find herself crying "  all the time " between the conveyor belt of exams and rehearsals . More from Human to Hero : Molecular gastronomy chef Heston Blumenthal Only when , as a teenager , her body grew tall , strong and athletic did she begin to see how her future might pan out . "  When I was about 13 or 14 ... I really realized that I wanted to become a ballerina , " she said . From then on she practiced everyday , often for up to eight hours solid . She says she did n't miss out on the usual freedoms of childhood : "  I can not say that it was a sacrifice , " she said . "  I do not even think about it . " Revealingly , she would n't wish the same experience for her own daughter , who was born in February 2011 . "  I can not imagine myself giving her away to study in a different town , " she said . "  I asked my mum , ` Why ? How did it happen ? ' And she said , ` You know , even until now I can not understand what I was led by -- it must have been something from above . ' " Zakharova graduated from Varganova Academy in 1996 , aged 17 , and immediately joined the Mariinsky Ballet -- one of Russia 's preeminent ballet companies -- and a year later was promoted to principal dancer . In the seven seasons that followed , she learned the bulk of the company 's repertory , including the great classical roles of Giselle , Odette-Odile in "  Swan Lake " and Aurora in "  The Sleeping Beauty . " More from Human to Hero : Former piano prodigy Benjamin Grosvenor Despite growing national acclaim -- she was awarded one of Russia 's highest artistic accolades , the Golden Mask , for two consecutive years at the turn of the millennium -- she was getting itchy feet . "  I worked in the Mariinsky theatre for seven years , and I danced the whole classic repertoire there , and the contemporary repertoire , " she says . "  But all of a sudden I started to realize that I was not developing any more . Day in , day out it was the same and the same -- and suddenly I wanted to change something . " That change came in a dramatic move to Mariinky 's main rival , the Bolshoi ballet company in Moscow , known for it 's "  grander , more expansive style , " according to Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper . Zakharova has n't looked back since . With the Bolshoi she has traveled the globe and in 2007 she was awarded the Russian State Prize for outstanding achievement in ballet . Next year she is scheduled to perform at Milan 's renowned La Scala opera house , where she will dance Giselle . Success , though , has not eradicated a persistent grain of self-doubt . Even now , as she enters her 15th year as a professional dancer , Zakharova still regards herself , for the most part , as a student . "  When I 'm in rehearsal I always feel like I 'm a pupil -- and not at all a ballerina " she reveals . Indeed , it 's only in those comparatively brief moments on stage that Zakharova says she truly believes in herself as a performer . "  This transformation is unique , " she explains . "  Something from within takes place and you understand sometimes that human abilities are limitless . During the performance you do such things which you completely did not expect from yourself . " Whatever it is that envelops her on stage , the feeling is addictive . Zarkharova has been dancing almost everyday since the age six and now finds it hard to imagine what the future will hold when , one day , she will have to hang up her ballet shoes for good . "  Ballet is not just my profession , it is my life ... It is horrible for me to think that one day it will all finish . " Ivana Kottasova contributed to this story	Ballet star Svetlana Zakharova has been dancing almost everyday since the age of six Russian prima ballerina spent much of her childhood training away from home Zakharova : Ballet is not just my profession , it is my life
CNN  -- As many as 100 homes could be affected by flood waters in Wisconsin due to the failure of a 120-year-old sand levee along the Wisconsin River . The levee , near the city of Portage in Columbia County , began to give way Sunday night , according to the National Weather Service 's Milwaukee/Sullivan office . Patrick Beghin , a representative of the Columbia County Emergency Operations Center , confirmed to CNN Monday that the levee had in fact failed . "  Once the levee completely fails ... it is unknown how far south the flood waters of the Wisconsin River will travel , " the Weather Service said Sunday night . Portage Mayor Ken Jahn later told CNN that while the levee had n't completely broken yet , it had deteriorated . Local prison inmates were being used to help with sandbagging , he said . The levee is located on the south side of the Wisconsin River , just south of Portage . The weather agency urged residents to move to higher ground . Roadways , including parts of Interstate 39 , could close . Authorities in Portage worked to evacuate residents as the levee approached imminent failure after heavy rainfall soaked the Midwest last week . An alert sent out by Columbia County Emergency Management  CCEM  on Sunday urged residents near Blackhawk Park to evacuate immediately ahead of the flooding , which is expected to wash out a main road leading to about 150 residences . "  Emergency vehicles including police , fire and EMS will not be able to reach residents , " the statement said . Kathy Johnson , the deputy director of the county 's emergency management department , said Sunday it was unclear how many residents remained in the area . "  Anyone in there right now wo n't be able to come out , " she said . A Red Cross shelter was opened at a nearby church to accommodate displaced residents . The river at Portage is now expected to stay above flood stage -- 17 feet -- through Wednesday , Beghin said . Portage wo n't be considered to be out of danger until the river has dropped below flood levels , he added . Beghin noted that the flooding situation is not as widespread as it was during a similar 1993 flood , even though the river has now crested at a higher level than it did 17 years ago . The Wisconsin River crested around 12 a.m. Monday at 20.56 feet -- roughly 3.5 feet above flood level , according to Beghin and the National Weather Service , putting major pressure on the Caledonia-Lewiston levee system . Forecasts suggest the river at Portage will undergo a second peak in height on Tuesday morning , adding more pressure to the compromised levee . Officials with the Department of Natural Resources have been monitoring the failed levee for days and trying to repair problem areas . But the levee system , built in the 1890s , was constructed from locally available materials -- mostly sand -- "  without any engineering design or adherence to any standards , " the Natural Resources department said in a statement last week . "  This is a 120-year-old relic , " Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources spokesman Greg Matthews said Sunday . "  It 's made of sand . ... A modern levee that our engineers would be familiar with would be constructed of steel and concrete . " The levee 's failure comes after a week of rainfall that dumped as much as 11 inches of rain in parts of Wisconsin and neighboring Minnesota . Portage itself , however , did not receive any of the heavy rain . Floodgates along the Menominee River in Niagara , Wisconsin , were opened in recent days to ease pressure on dams . Video showed a torrent of water gushing from an overflowing dam . "  I have never seen the water rage down like it is , " CNN iReporter Jason Asselin said . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said Sunday that there 's no immediate end in sight to the flooding . "  Even though some of these rivers have crested ... keep in mind that they 're still in flood , so this is going to be a problem for a couple of days , " Jeras said . "  Many of these rivers are all going to be dumping into the Mississippi River which then in turn will rise up and we 'll see some flooding there , maybe in La Crosse and the Winona areas later in the week . " CNN 's Don Lemon and Rob Marciano contributed to this report .	NEW : The Wisconsin River at Portage is expected to peak again Tuesday morning The levee on the Wisconsin River has now failed , according to a local emergency official The aging levee system is under pressure after heavy rainfall last week Flooding is expected to continue over the next few days
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Tariq Aziz , one of the best-known faces of the Iraqi government for more than two decades , was sentenced to death Tuesday by the Iraqi High Tribunal for his role in eliminating religious parties during Saddam Hussein 's regime , court officials told CNN . His family was shocked by the verdict , his daughter told CNN . They had no idea he was going to be sentenced Tuesday , Zainab Aziz said from Amman , Jordan . "  Until last week they were hearing new witnesses in this case , " she said , criticizing both the verdict itself and its timing . "  My father served his country for more than 22 years . He delivered himself to the U.S. Army -LSB- after the fall of Hussein -RSB- because he was n't afraid . He did n't do anything wrong . He served his country , " she told CNN International 's "  iDesk " program . "  He has been wronged , " Zainab Aziz said . "  He feels that way and we feel that way because we know he did n't do anything wrong , he only served his country as a foreign minister and that did n't include anything of these bloody crimes he 's been tried for right now , " she argued . "  I think it 's very unfair , " she said . She said her father had little expectation that an appeal would help . "  I do n't think he has any hope of coming out " of prison , she said , adding that he is "  old and frail . "  He does n't have any hope , but he is really happy that we are OK , that we are doing fine , " she said . "  That is his only consolation . " Badi Arif , an attorney who used to represent Aziz , said there is a political motive behind the death sentence . "  Mr. Aziz used to always tell me , ` They 'll find a way to kill me , and there is no way for me to escape this , ' " Arif told CNN . "  But from a legal perspective , this sentence is wrong ; this is illegal and this is unexpected . " In March 2009 , Aziz was sentenced to 15 years in prison in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants . Aziz was deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 , also holding the post of foreign minister for part of that time . Abed Hameed Mahmoud and Sadoon Shaker , top former regime Baathists , also were sentenced to death for their involvement , court officials said . Amnesty International urged Iraq not to carry out the sentences , even as it acknowledged the brutality of Hussein 's regime . "  Saddam Hussein 's rule was synonymous with executions , torture and other gross human rights violations , and it is right that those who committed crimes are brought to justice , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  However , it is vital that the death penalty , which is the ultimate denial of human rights , should never be used , whatever the gravity of the crime , " he said in a written statement . The Vatican also opposed the death sentence , spokesman Federico Lombardi told CNN . "  This is not the most adequate way to promote reconciliation and reconstruction of justice and peace in a country that has suffered so much , " he said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Fionnuala Sweeney , Mohammed Jamjoom and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : The Vatican opposes the death sentence as "  not the best way to promote reconciliation " He did nothing wrong and the trial was unfair , his daughter tells CNN Aziz was Iraq 's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 Two other Baathists are also sentenced to death
CNN  -- While foreign policy became an unexpected pivotal point in last week 's town-hall style presidential debate , Monday 's final showdown will focus entirely on international affairs . And with the U.S. government knee-deep in an investigation of its handling of the Benghazi consulate attacks and as reports emerge of planned negotiations with Iranian leaders , the topic could provide a pivot point in the tight race for the White House . "  I think it 's going to be an important debate , " senior Obama campaign adviser David Axelrod said Sunday , though he sought to lower expectations . "  I do n't think any one event is decisive , even though being strong at home and building our economy is the No. 1 issue . " Photos : When every vote counted , closest U.S. elections President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney meet for their third of three debates in Boca Raton , Florida , the biggest swing state prize with 29 electoral votes . It marks the closing note of the debate season , one that landed Romney a much-needed boost after his widely applauded performance -- and Obama 's derided one -- in the first debate . The second matchup was considered more of a draw , with Obama edging Romney in several polls of debate-watchers . Political observers say incumbents usually have an advantage on foreign policy because of their experience making decisions for the country and access to some of the most privileged intelligence . A Pew Research Poll that came before the second debate showed Obama ahead of Romney 47 % to 43 % when voters were asked which candidate they thought would handle foreign policy decisions better . That 's within the margin of error and is a much tighter poll than one taken by Pew in September , which showed Obama leading Romney 53 % to 38 % . The Obama campaign has attempted to paint Romney as unprepared to handle issues on the world stage . Calling Romney "  reckless , " Axelrod on Sunday hinted at one line of attack the president could take during Monday 's debate . "  We all remember his ` Dukes of Hazzard ' tour of international destinations over the summer , where he not only roiled countries that are not as friendly to us but also our best ally , Britain . " During a trip to the United Kingdom , Israel and Poland , Romney generated international criticism in July for his comments in London questioning the UK 's preparations for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games . Campaign explorer : Ads , money and travel That perceived gaffe was followed by what some said were inappropriate comments about Palestinians , questioning why Palestinian-controlled areas had a lower GDP per capita than Israel . Romney also faced criticism over his initial response to the Benghazi consulate attack , in which killed four Americans were killed , and the breaching of the U.S. Embassy in Cairo last month . He put out a statement the night of the unrest , then held a news conference to chastise Obama on foreign policy the next morning . Democrats and some Republicans argued the reaction was made in haste . Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a Democrat , cited the incident as an example of Romney being unprepared to be a world leader . "  Gov. Romney just seems to be bluster , blunder , cowboy-alone foreign policy , " Richardson said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I 'm troubled at this time when we had the Benghazi crisis , he 's trying to make political gain . " But questions have lingered over why the U.S. was unprepared for the attack on the consulate in Benghazi and the mixed signals that the White House sent over its cause . In last week 's debate in Hempstead , New York , Obama took responsibility for the security of State Department personnel , saying ultimately the buck stops at his desk . "  That 's why nobody 's more interested in finding out exactly what happened than I do , " he said Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich pointed to Obama 's words and criticized the lack of robust security at the consulate , adding the whole episode represents a larger narrative of the president 's foreign policy track . Intelligence on Benghazi shifted "  If we ca n't figure out what went on in a relatively open city in a country we had helped liberate , why do we think we know what 's going on with Iran 's nuclear program ? " the former Republican presidential candidate and speaker of the House said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Defending Romney , Gingrich said he had ample foreign policy experience from his time as Massachusetts governor , as well as his role in running the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City and living overseas as a missionary . Weighing in on the expectations for Monday 's debate , CNN contributor and New Yorker political reporter Ryan Lizza told CNN 's Athena Jones that while foreign policy is important , it 's not "  what 's going to drive the vote . " "  So if you 're Mitt Romney , every second you 're talking about foreign policy is wasted . Which might mean that Romney tries to break out of that , tries to bring home some of the foreign policy issues to domestic economic issues . For instance , when you 're talking about China , that 's in some ways a domestic issue , " he said . Lizza said Romney has a choice to make . He could try to attack Obama over the administration 's handling of the Benghazi attack , a strategy he took during last week 's debate but ended up making headlines over mixing up a detail in the timeline . "  Or does he just put that aside , put those attacks aside and try to move on to some other issues where he has more of an advantage ? " Lizza said . New election lingo : from ` Obamaloney ' to ` Romnesia ' As for the president 's challenge , Jon Alterman , director of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Obama will need to be "  defining the Middle East strategy going forward . " "  He 's had some successes , he 's had some things that are still pretty murky , " Alterman said . Romney , on the other hand , has a broader challenge of laying out specific policies without upsetting the Republican base . "  The Republican Party has n't really figured out what a Republican foreign policy looks like after the Bush administration , " Alterman said . "  I think Romney has been uneager to really delve into that , but I think the challenge he will have on issue after issue is you have to get more specific . " Also developing on the international front , The New York Times reported Saturday cited an anonymous senior administration official saying the U.S. and Iran have agreed to take part in unprecedented , one-on-one talks over the country 's nuclear program . The White House denied the report was true . Asked about Iran on Sunday , Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio used an argument often made by Romney , saying the president failed to back the 2009 protest movement in Iran that the country 's regime stifled with a violent crackdown . "  That set a tone where now Iran thinks they can go harder and faster than they could go . And today , they 're closer than they 've ever been to a nuclear capability , " Rubio said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  That 's very unfortunate . " Opinion : ` Iranians are trying to take advantage of our election cycle ' But former White House chief of staff and current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , also appearing on "  This Week , " said that while he did n't know whether the reports of talks with Iran were true , the "  tables have been turned " by Obama 's approach . "  Three and a half years ago , the world was criticizing us on Iran . Today , the world is criticizing Iran on its attempts to acquire nuclear weapons . That 's a direct change , " he said . Obama , Romney unite ... for RG3 CNN 's Athena Jones and Greg Clary contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney meet Monday night for their final debate Monday 's final showdown will focus entirely on international affairs . Middle East expert says Obama needs to be "  defining the Middle East strategy going forward " Romney faces the challenge of laying out specific policies without upsetting base
