CNN  -- A New York Times front-page article Monday detailed a new phenomenon in news coverage of the presidential campaign : candidates insisting on "  quote approval , " telling reporters what they can and can not use in some stories . And , stunningly , reporters agreeing to it . This , folks , is news . Any way you look at it , this is a jaw-dropping turn in journalism , and it raises a lot of questions . Among them : Can you trust the reporters and news organizations who do this ? Is it ever justified on the candidate 's side or on the reporter 's side ? Where is this leading us ? As someone who 's been covering presidential campaigns since the 1950s , I have no delusions about political reporting . Candidates bargaining access to get the kind of news coverage they want is nothing new . The thicket of attribution and disclosure deals is a deep maze reporters have been picking their way through even before my time . But this latest tactic by candidates revealed by the Times gives me , to say the least , great pause . It should give every citizen pause . Essentially , what the Times described was the rapid rise of "  quote approval " -- a strategy deployed by campaigns requiring reporters to send quotations they intend to use to candidates ' press officers , to be sliced , diced , edited and drained of color or unwanted consequences , and reporters going along , fearing that if they do n't , they wo n't get access . A look at media coverage of Romney 's Bain pain Here 's how it works : Let 's say a reporter is granted an interview with a senior strategist of the Obama or Romney campaign . A condition for the interview would be that before the reporter could send the story to the editor , he or she would have to agree to submit for approval every quote intended to be used to the campaign press staff . Let us mark well this Faustian bargain . It is for the benefit of the politicians , at the expense of readers , listeners and viewers . It is not in the public interest ; it is designed to further the candidates ' interests . Political operatives can not be blamed for wanting this . We , the press , should be held accountable for letting them have it . Thomas Jefferson said : "  The only security of all is in a free press . " A free and truly independent press -- fiercely independent when necessary -- is the red beating heart of freedom and democracy . One of the most important roles of our journalists is to be watchdogs . Submitting to these new tactics puts us more in the category of lapdogs . For many years , it has been typical journalistic practice for high-ranking officials on the campaign or in the White House to demand that interviews be conducted "  on background " -- meaning reporters agree to not use direct quotes or identify the person by name . Hence , conventions such as "  As one campaign official said ... " This , in many cases , is defensible . Diane Sawyer 's "  Hot " Newscast But the practice described in the Times is something new and different . This is the officials or candidates regularly insisting that reporters essentially become an operative arm of the administration or campaign they are covering . "  Quote approval " nullifies , or at least seriously dilutes , reporters ' ability and duty to be honest brokers of information . When the quotes are sanitized , then delivered intact with full attribution , the public has no way of knowing what the concealed deal was . Please know that there is no joy in calling attention to these things . I respect and empathize with reporters and editors who must compete in today 's environment . And I know full well that when I 've been covering campaigns , which I still do , I 've made my mistakes and have been far from perfect . About all of us doing this line of work , I 'm often reminded of a sign in an old Wild West cow town saloon that said , "  Please do n't shoot the piano player , he 's doing the best he can . " But we journalists can do better . We must . Media Blitz Batters Romney Dean Baquet , the excellent managing editor for news at the Times , said in Monday 's story , referring to quote approval : "  We do n't like the practice . We encourage our reporters to push back . Unfortunately , this practice is becoming increasingly common , and maybe we have to push back harder . " Yes . The Times , Washington Post , Wall Street Journal and a few other newspapers , along with the major networks , are among the few news outlets that have the leverage to push back -- soon and hard . It 's action worthy of us . And it 's important . It matters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Rather .	Reporters are agreeing to let candidates vet their quotes before they appear in stories Dan Rather : Allowing candidates to edit their quotes makes reports fraudulent By making this "  bargain " for access , he says , reporters essentially become PR agents Rather : Newspapers and media outlets must push back on "  quote approval "
Boston  CNN  -- After deliberating for 28 hours over four days , a federal jury Friday broke for the weekend without announcing a verdict in the trial of reputed Boston crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . The eight-man , four-woman panel will resume work at 9 a.m. Monday to continue processing testimony from more than 70 witnesses and over 800 exhibits compiled during the seven weeks of the trial . Bulger , 83 , is accused of racketeering , including involvement in 19 killings , and also 13 counts of extortion and money-laundering during a 20-year "  reign of terror " that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995 , when Bulger fled Boston . After the jury was dismissed Friday , Bulger waived his rights to a forfeiture hearing on the nearly $ 822,000 and 30 weapons found in his Santa Monica , California , home where he had been living under an alias until he was arrested in 2011 . If he is found guilty , the money and weapons will be forfeited to the government . U.S. District Court Judge Denise Casper asked Bulger if he understood he was giving up his right to have the jury decide whether or not his possessions will be forfeited if he is convicted . "  I understand yes , " Bulger replied . " On Thursday , the jury asked to see one of the pieces of evidence in the case , a gun with an obliterated serial number . The last charge in the 32-count indictment accuses Bulger of possession of firearms with obliterated serial numbers . See all the charges the jury will decide  PDF Outside the courtroom Thursday , Bulger 's lead attorney , J.W. Carney , said he was "  very , very proud of the service these jurors have provided to us no matter what the outcome of the trial . " Carney added that it was difficult waiting for a verdict "  because we invested at this point two years of work to get this case ready for trial . " "  The longer the jury stays out the more it shows us they are as conscientious a jury as I have ever seen , " Carney said . "  I know that the prosecutors also believe that , the judge believes that . We are very pleased at that . " The widow of one of Bulger 's alleged victims said separately that she believed "  the jurors are looking at the situation and trying to do right by all of us . " Patricia Donahue , who has been at the trial almost every day with her three sons , added , "  We been putting our lives on hold since this trial started , it 's tough , but it 's almost over now . " Still , Donahue said , "  If deliberations go for a long period of time I 'm going to start to worry about a mistrial . " ` You 're a coward ! ' widow yells at Bulger During the seven-week trial , jurors heard dramatic testimony from convicted gangsters , bookies , extortion victims , a disgraced FBI supervisor , ex-drug dealers , retired FBI agents and relatives of people Bulger is accused of killing . Prosecutors called 63 witnesses . The defense called 10 . Former hit man John Martorano testified for both sides , for a total of 72 witnesses over 35 days . Bulger never took the stand despite repeated hints from his lawyers throughout trial he would testify . In fact , Bulger seemed to want to testify . Questioned by Judge Casper , Bulger called his decision a "  choice made involuntarily . " Bulger was a fugitive for more than 16 years , disappearing after a crooked FBI agent told him he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . The FBI tracked him down and arrested him in 2011 in Santa Monica , California , where he had been living with his girlfriend under an alias . Bulger 's attorneys release photos designed to show his softer side	The jury ends its fourth day of deliberations with no verdict announced Deliberations will resume Monday "  Whitey " Bulger was a reputed mob boss in South Boston Charges against him include racketeering and involvement in 19 killings
HLNtv.com  -- A Bristol County , Massachusetts , grand jury indicted former NFL player Aaron Hernandez on a first-degree murder charge and five weapons charges Thursday . Hernandez , a former New England Patriots tight end , is charged in connection with the slaying of his friend , Odin Lloyd , 27 . Prosecutors say Hernandez , 23 , orchestrated Lloyd 's shooting death . Hernandez and two other men allegedly picked Lloyd up on the morning of June 17 ; his body was found later that day in an industrial park near Hernandez 's home . Hernandez appeared in court Thursday afternoon to hear the court announce the indictment . He was handcuffed and wearing a white collared shirt under a dark sports coat . As he sat down , Hernandez mouthed , "  I love you " to a family member sitting in the gallery . Hernandez showed no emotion during the brief hearing . Police : Gun found in car linked to double killing , Hernandez "  There 's an incredible rush to judgment in this case , " defense attorney Michael Fee told reporters outside the courthouse . Fee said he was pleased with the indictment because it gives his client "  a path to trial , " and that a jury will find Hernandez "  innocent . " The former football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on June 26 . Prior to the indictment , Hernandez pleaded not guilty . The indictment circumvented the need for the scheduled probable cause hearing that was originally scheduled for Thursday afternoon . Upon reviewing the case , a grand jury determined that prosecutors had enough evidence to constitute probable cause , or that the charges are reasonable based on the facts presented . The case against Hernandez is now one step closer to trial . Hernandez investigation turns to finacee 's actions The judge scheduled a hearing for next Friday to deal with two outstanding defense motions . The next step in Hernandez 's case is his arraignment , during which he 'll be informed of the crimes he is charged with . He also will have the opportunity to enter a formal plea with the court . No date has been set for Hernandez 's arraignment . Co-defendant Ernest Wallace , who was allegedly in the car with Hernandez the night Lloyd was killed , also was indicted . He was charged with being accessory after the fact to murder . The grand jury has also indicted Tanya Singleton , Hernandez ' cousin , for contempt of court . She 's charged with refusing to testify before a grand jury , despite being granted immunity . Her attorney , Peter Parker , declined to comment . The Hernandez case has thrust prosecutors into the national spotlight . Bristol County District Attorney Sam Sutter downplayed any additional pressure . "  My career ... will be defined more by this case than all of the other things we 've done . So to that extent there is added pressure , but I ca n't say in any way that we shirk from it . I think we welcomed it , " Sutter told CNN . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	Former NFL player is charged with first-degree murder , weapons charges He 's charged in connection with the slaying of Odin Lloyd , 27 Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to the charges The football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on June 26
CNN  -- A high-profile defector from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime fled the country because he is outraged over the government 's brutality , an activist told CNN . Omar al Muqdad , a Syrian journalist and opposition activist , said he spoke to Brig. Gen. Manaf Tlas on Thursday night during an interview on Skype . Tlas is a Republican Guard military commander , the son of a former defense minister and possibly the most senior Sunni in a power structure dominated by the Alawite minority . He escaped from the Syrian city of Rastan to Turkey with the help of the Maher Noaimi Brigade of the rebel Free Syrian Army , al Muqdad said . But his whereabouts at present are not known , said al Muqdad , who once worked as a translator and journalist for CNN . A Western diplomat who reported the defection said Tlas has been estranged from the regime over the killing of Sunnis . Al Muqdad said Tlas passed on similar sentiments , calling the regime brutal and al-Assad a dictator . He said Tlas said he left the regime because he does n't want to be involved in any actions that would harm Syrians . Tlas said he 's not going to join the opposition now , al Muqdad said . But a U.S. official who is not authorized to speak on the record said if Tlas did join the insurgency , it would be "  significant . " Reports of Tlas ' defection first surfaced Thursday , and Western officials are saying he is on his way to Paris . His father , former Defense Minister Mustafa Tlas , and the rest of his family are in Paris , the official said . Syria has been engulfed in nearly 16 months of unrest , resulting in thousands of deaths . Manaf Tlas ' defection comes as government assaults against protesters led to a nationwide uprising . His departure is regarded as a stunning blow to the embattled regime . "  He 's an inside confidant of Assad . So it counts that even an insider thinks it 's time to go , " said one Western official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby said the "  crack in the inner circle " is "  significant " because of Tlas ' position and ties with the Assad family . "  We do n't believe this defection should be taken lightly , " he said . Andrew Tabler , Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said it 's "  by far the biggest defection . " "  This is a good-sized step in the right direction , " he said The Tlas family knows "  how the place is wired . " Rafif Jouejati , spokeswoman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria , called the development "  quite significant . " "  It signals that the domino effect of defections is speeding up as longtime regime supporters and collaborators realize that Assad 's ship is sinking fast . Expect more defections in the coming days as the regime accelerates its scorched-earth policy in a desperate attempt to destroy as much as possible before falling apart , " she told CNN . Jeffrey White , a defense fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said the defection "  raises questions about the cohesions of his brigade and division . " White recently wrote an essay describing the mounting pressures on the Syrian military , including the growing opposition clout and defections . He told CNN on Friday that the "  defection process is accelerating somewhat and that we are getting more reports of higher-ranking officers leaving . " Tlas had been "  the commander of an important regime protection unit , a component of the Republican Guard Division , whose main responsibility in the current conflict has been the defense of Damascus , " White said . The defection reflects two important trends , he said . One is that many of the higher-ranking defectors are staff officers and medical officers . Tlas , in contrast , is from a combat unit . "  If we start seeing more defections from the higher ranks of combat units that will be significant , " White said . The move also might indicate that the regime "  can not count on the Sunnis it has so far kept in the fold . " "  It will create suspicions within the regime about ` loyalist ' Sunnis and ` loyalist ' Sunnis will be wondering what the regime has in store for them . Some will likely split , if they can find a safe path for themselves and their families . Manaf 's defection will undoubtedly heighten the awareness of the regime 's security personnel . " Ted Kattouf , a former U.S. ambassador to Syria , said the defection was "  psychologically " important , "  but it 's not going to bring down the regime . " He said a "  much bigger blow " would be the defection of an Alawite senior officer . Joshua Landis , a Syria expert at the University of Oklahoma , said Thursday in a post on his blog Syria Comment that if Tlas has indeed fled the country , "  the regime will be thrown back on its heels . " Tlas "  was a close confidant of Bashar from his earliest days and part of his inner circle , " Landis said . And he "  supported a policy of negotiation , flexibility and compromise " but "  was overruled by the military leadership and has since looked for a way out . " For example , Tlas had been ordered to solve problems in the restive Damascus suburban towns of Harasta and Douma , Landis said . "  He did a good job by negotiating with the opposition leaders in both suburbs , agreeing that both government forces and opposition would pull back , " Landis said . But , Landis said , the "  Alawi leadership said ` no , that is not how we are going to do this . ' They pushed him aside and came down like a ton of bricks on the opposition in both neighborhoods , in an effort to assert state authority and crush the uprising through military means . " Tlas is "  perhaps the most senior Sunni in the regime because he was a close friend of Bashar , " Landis wrote . "  For 16 months the opposition has been complaining that elite Sunnis have not defected . That complaint can now , officially , be put to rest if the stories of Manaf 's flight prove to be true . In March it was rumored that he had led with his father and brother , but those stories were false , " he wrote . Tlas exudes charisma , and Landis describes him as "  smart , dashing and cunning . " "  Manaf is as handsome as a movie star and carried a lot of authority . He was a true military guy and had spent his entire life in the military , unlike Bashar . People close to him say that when he walked into a room , all eyes turned to him . Not only did women find him attractive , but men did as well . He carried himself with an air of self-confidence and authority , " Landis said . The Tlas family has been part of the Syrian power structure during the tenure of Bashar and his father , Hafez Assad . "  When foreign statesmen or Syrians thought of a Sunni who could possibly take power , Manaf had to be at the top of the list or very close to the top , " he said . "  Manaf is respected by Bashar 's generation and a military leader . " There has been a lot of buzz about the development on the streets of Damascus and the pages of Facebook . One man wrote it 's important because the Tlas family was n't just pro-regime , "  they are the regime . " Another activist said , "  You idiots , defect before it 's too late . Tlas saved himself at the very last moment . " While opposition voices welcome the move , they voiced suspicion and scorn . "  Should we work with him ? No , never , " said one . Another said , "  H  e and his father and brother should return the money they stole from the Syrian people first . " This comment is an apparent reference to Manaf Tlas ' brother Firas , a businessman . Firas Tlas has been in favor of reform in Syria . He told reporters in 2005 there was a "  huge expectation " from Syrians of economic change . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Pam Benson and journalist Shiyar Sayed Mohamad contributed to this report .	NEW : Activist says Brig. Gen. Manaf Tlas does n't plan to join the opposition at present Tlas was perhaps the most senior Sunni in Bashar al-Assad 's regime , scholar says Tlas was disgusted with the killing of Sunnis , a Western official says The Tlas family knows "  how the place is wired , " a Syria expert says
CNN  -- Bob Besal went on a fishing trip this month off the coast of St. Augustine , Florida . The 62-year-old retired rear admiral , who earned two Distinguished Flying Cross awards and spent a lifetime on the water and above it , did n't catch any fish , but he did return with some memorable souvenirs . Twenty miles from shore and 80 feet under the Atlantic , parts of Besal 's past were brought to the surface . Nearly 38 years ago , the naval aviator made a critical decision that almost cost him his life and ultimately defined it . Besal and three other pilots were simulating bombing runs on a training mission when his Vought A-7 Corsair clipped the plane next to him . Besal ejected at a speed close to 350 mph . "  It 's not one of those things you brag about , honestly , " laughed Besal . "  I did n't cover myself in glory on December 2 , 1974 . So it 's one of those things if people asked I would tell them , but I did n't try to advertise it as such . " Pilot who survived midair collision decades ago learns wreckage found The wreckage of Besal 's plane was found last month by a team of divers from TISIRI  Think It Sink It Reef It  , a Jacksonsville-based marine conservation company that specializes , among other things , in building artificial reefs . A data plate picked up off the ocean floor was traced back to Besal , who now teaches aviation maintenance technology in Charleston , South Carolina . Joe Kistel , executive director of TISIRI , asked Besal if he would like to return to the wreckage site , an invitation Besal eagerly accepted . Just after dawn on a recent Saturday morning , Besal joined a crew for a 90-minute ride to the wreckage site . Little did he know that the decades-old ruins had become part of a productive ecosystem . "  The fact we could determine it was his aircraft and locate Bob and actually bring him out here to visit the reef his wreckage had created , it 's actually a very gratifying experience for us , " said Kistel who had previously dived several times at the site now thriving with fish . Sea bass , scorpion , trigger and octopus now call the broken metal structure home . See the underwater wreckage Kistel has no immediate plans to retrieve the larger plane parts . Said Kistel , "  We 've notified the military of where  the plane is located  ... Mother Nature is doing the rest . " Daughter searches for missing father The trip brings back memories for Besal , who was just 24 at the time of the accident . His misjudgment during a roll left brought his plane too close to an aircraft piloted by his squadron 's commanding officer . "  It was the last thing he expected that morning , I 'm sure , that I would bump into him up there . " That plane made it safely back to base . Besal never saw his own aircraft go into the water because he was above the clouds when he ejected , and shortly afterward he was picked up by a training helicopter in the area . Besal , who went on to become commanding officer of the aircraft carrier USS America , spent 30 years in the Navy . He used his flying miscalculation to develop a greater appreciation for errors made by others . He taught the next generation of cadets that mistakes are a part of life and what matters is what one does with second-chance opportunities . Floating above the wreckage , he took advantage of his . Diving conditions were good . White clouds , calm seas . On the first trip down to the bottom , divers retrieved a piece of armor plating . Besal studied it but was n't exactly sure what part of the plane it came from . "  That 's a substantial piece of evidence , " he laughed . "  Maybe Exhibit A in my case of my episode in bad airmanship . " Much of the debris , now a mix of tires , turbine blades and unrecognizable airplane features , is encrusted with marine life such as coral and sponges . "  You wished the day had turned out different , obviously , than it did , but it is what it is . I was blessed . I was fortunate that nobody else was hurt , " Besal said . "  I 'm glad it happened out here if it had to happen , you know . " As the day ended and temperatures started cooling off , the blue skies now streaked with purple highlights , Besal , his wife Jennie , Kistel and a dozen other divers , friends and observers returned to shore . Back on land , Besal was still beaming , "  I 'll treasure whatever Joe  Kistel  lets me have just as a keepsake of the event . It will certainly cause me to pause and remember that day and again to remember the incredible squadron mates I had and the people that entrusted me with that airplane . I may have broken that trust with the mishap , but they saw fit to trust me again , that 's what I 'll remember when I look at those  pieces  . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Bob Besal crashed plane into water nearly 38 years ago He recently learned wreckage from the plane had been found Besal joined divers on a journey to see the remains Ruins are now part of an active reef
CNN  -- Despite decades of propaganda from marijuana prohibitionists , a majority of the American public has indeed said "  enough " to the policies of cannabis criminalization . And no amount of fear-mongering is going to change this fact . Writing in a just-published report by the Brookings Institute , "  The New Politics of Legalization , " authors E.J. Dionne and William Galston conclude , "  In less than a decade , public opinion has shifted dramatically toward support for the legalization of marijuana . ... Demographic change and widespread public experience using marijuana imply that opposition to legalization will never again return to the levels seen in the 1980s . The strong consensus that formed the foundation for many of today 's stringent marijuana laws has crumbled . " Indeed it has . Never in modern history has there existed greater public support for ending the nation 's nearly century-long experiment with pot prohibition and replacing it with a system of legalization and regulation . The proof is in the polls . For example , according to a May 2013 Reason Magazine-Rupe nationwide survey , conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International , more than nine out of 10 U.S. adults say that people who possess or consume small quantities of cannabis should not face jail time . Also last month , a May 2013 nationwide Fox News telephone poll , conducted by under the direction of Anderson Robbins Research and Shaw & Co. . Research , reported that 85 % of voters support allowing adults to use cannabis for therapeutic purposes . The total is an increase in support of 4 percentage points since Fox last polled the question in 2010 and is the highest level of public support for the issue ever reported in a scientific poll . Opinion : Legalizing marijuana a boon to potheads Then there is this : An April 2013 national survey commissioned by the Pew Research Center reports that 72 % of Americans now believe that "  government efforts to enforce marijuana laws cost more than they are worth , " and 60 % say the government should no longer enforce federal anti-marijuana laws in states that have approved its use . And this : According to a December 2012 Angus Reid national sampling of U.S . voters , 66 % say that they expect cannabis to be legal within the next 10 years . And finally there 's this : recently published polls by Gallup , Pew , Quinnipiac University and Public Policy Polling all find that far more Americans now favor legalizing marijuana for adults than believe in its continued prohibition . Why ? The answer has become obvious . The ongoing enforcement of cannabis prohibition burdens taxpayers , encroaches upon civil liberties , engenders disrespect for the law , impedes legitimate scientific research into the plant 's medicinal properties , and disproportionately impacts communities of color . Furthermore , the criminalization of cannabis simply does n't work . Despite more than 70 years of federal prohibition , Americans ' consumption of and demand for cannabis is here to stay . Voters ' recent passage of legalization measures in Colorado and Washington acknowledges this reality . Such laws seek to take control of the marijuana market from untaxed criminal enterprises and , to impose common-sense regulations governing cannabis ' personal use by adults and licensing its production . Unlike the federal government , which continues to define cannabis as an illegal commodity that is as dangerous as heroin , voters recognize that a pragmatic regulatory framework that allows for limited , licensed production and sale of cannabis to adults but restricts use among young people best reduces the risks associated with its use or abuse . Gupta : Why I changed my mind on weed Marijuana regulations can allow governments to establish legal parameters for where , when , and how markets operate . They can provide oversight of who may legally operate in those markets and provides guidelines for best practices . Society would clearly benefit from this . Only criminals and cartels benefit from the unregulated environment . Maybe an even more persuasive if not entirely counter-intuitive argument in favor of legalization as a means to actually deter youth use is found in recently released Gallup polling indicating a dramatic reduction in youth cannabis use rate as there is a surge in favor of cannabis legalization from virtually all segments of American society . It is time to end our failed policies on marijuana criminalization and replace them with ones that regulate the cannabis market and allow for its private consumption by adults . Marijuana legalization is no longer a matter of if ; it 's a matter of when . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Allen St. Pierre and Paul Armentano .	Allen St. Pierre , Paul Armentano : Ground has shifted in favor of legalizing pot They say Americans think enforcement is too costly Writers : Polls shows more in U.S. favor legalizing pot for adults Writers : Pot legalization is not a matter of "  if , " it 's a matter of "  when "
CNN  -- Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has completed a notable awards double after being named Player of the Year by the English Football Writers ' Association for the second year in a row . In-form Cristiano Ronaldo has won both major English awards for the 2007-08 season . The Portugal winger followed up his second successive victory in the Professional Footballers ' Association awards , where he was voted Player of the Year by his peers on April 27 . He topped the writers ' poll ahead of Liverpool striker Fernando Torres and Portsmouth goalkeeper David James . The 23-year-old , who has scored 38 goals in all competitions this season , emulated the feat of Barcelona 's former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry -- the last man to collect the FWA award twice in a row , in 2003 and 2004 . "  Ronaldo 's award is no surprise after his brilliant form this season and incredible goal-scoring record -- 38 at the moment -- and he is , of course , essentially a winger , " said chairman of the FWA , Paul Hetherington . "  Cristiano was an overwhelming winner and , given his age , he has the potential and ability to dominate this award for years in an unprecedented way . " Ronaldo has this season has helped take United to within touching distance of a second successive Premier League title with two matches to play , and into a Champions League final against Chelsea in Moscow on May 21 . He will receive his award at the FWA 's gala dinner at the Royal Lancaster Hotel in London on May 15 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Cristiano Ronaldo wins English writers ' award for second year in a row He headed off Liverpool 's Fernando Torres and Portsmouth 's David James Manchester United winger also retained his Player of Year award from peers Portugal star , 23 , has dominated UK awards for the past two seasons
A spate of car bombings rocked Iraq on Tuesday , the ninth anniversary of the U.S. invasion and days before the nation hosts a meeting of Arab leaders . The violence left at least 45 people dead and 216 wounded , officials said . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the blasts that one senior Interior Ministry official described as "  coordinated " and blamed on al Qaeda in Iraq . The official , who did not want to be named because he 's not authorized to speak to the media , said the attacks were meant to send a message that the militant group -- despite gains made by Iraqi security forces -- is still able to carry out daily attacks . Attacks took place in Baghdad , Kirkuk , Karbala , Hilla , Tikrit , Baiji , Ramadi , Mosul , Falluja , Diyala province , Salaheddin province , Samarra and Mahmoudiya . Some of them targeted police or government facilities . In central Falluja , a pregnant woman was killed and her 6-year-old child wounded by bombs insurgents planted around a house belonging to a police officer , police in the city said . In Tikrit , a car bombing outside a school wounded four teachers . The attack in Hilla targeted a juvenile detention center ; two attacks in Karbala targeted police stations ; an army convoy was attacked in Ramadi ; and a parked car exploded in front of the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad , officials said . The highest death tolls came from a series of car bomb attacks in Karbala where 13 people were killed . The Minister of State , Government Spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh announced that the Council of Ministers has decided that Baghdad will observe a national holiday , Iraqiya State TV reported . It will begin on Sunday , said state TV . The violence is the worst since February 23 , when 50 people were killed and more than 200 were wounded in a string of attacks . Iraqi officials have expressed concern that the continuing violence could cast a shadow as the country prepares to host the next Arab League summit on March 29 . The attacks on Tuesday come nine years to the day since a U.S.-led army invaded Iraq on March 20 , 2003 , toppling longtime dictator Saddam Hussein . The United States argued Hussein 's regime had been harboring forbidden stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons , long-range missiles and a nuclear weapons program . Inspectors later found that Baghdad had attempted to conceal some weapons-related research from the international community , but that Iraq had been effectively disarmed under U.N. sanctions in the 1990s . The invasion swiftly toppled Hussein , who was later executed for the massacre of Shiite villagers following an assassination attempt in the 1980s . But years of bloodshed followed the invasion as an insurgency led by Hussein 's allies took root , followed by sectarian warfare between Iraq 's Shiite majority and its Sunni minority . Nearly 4,500 Americans and 300-plus allied troops were killed before the last American troops left in December , while estimates of the Iraqi toll run well above 100,000 .	At least 45 are dead and 216 wounded , officials say An official calls the attacks "  coordinated " Tuesday is the 9th anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq A week long national holiday will be observed beginning Sunday , according to reports from Iraqiya State TV .
Editor 's note : Rich Roll , one of Men 's Fitness magazine 's "  25 Fittest Guys in the World " in 2009 , was the first athlete to compete in the Ultraman World Championships on an entirely plant-based diet . He 's sharing insights today as part of Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's "  Four Months to Fitness " effort . Before : At 40 years old , Rich Roll called himself "  fat , unhappy and fed up . " CNN  -- I can still remember it , vivid as yesterday . It was the eve of my 40th birthday , and I walked upstairs to take a shower . And I was winded . I mean very winded . As I was trying to catch my breath , I took off my shirt , looked in the mirror and tried to convince myself that I was still that fit guy I had always thought I was . Somehow , I had been able to skate by on this delusion for all too many years . But the denial had finally caught up to me . I saw my true reflection , and I could n't lie to myself anymore . I was in the worst shape of my life . I was fat , unhappy and fed up . It 's the typical story . First it 's the career . Then comes marriage , followed by kids . Your time is no longer your own , and you resign yourself to "  maturity , " "  filling out " or whatever euphemism for middle age that soothes that idea that you are simply overweight , unfit and unhealthy . I 'm here to say that it does n't have to be that way . I do n't care how busy you are . I do n't care how old you are , how many kids you have or how little time you think you have . The power rests within yourself to enact any change in your life you desire . And I can say this because I have seen it happen in myself and countless others . After that fateful day of clarity , I made a decision to change my life . Not a vague , wishy-washy notion that I should "  get in shape , " maybe "  eat better " or possibly "  go on a diet , " but rather a specific long-term plan to enhance my wellness in a way that would not only stick , but fit within the parameters of my busy life as a full-time lawyer , husband and father of four small children . In my case , it began with a well-researched and supervised seven-day fruit and vegetable juice cleanse  during which time I weaned myself off caffeine  , followed by an entirely plant-based nutrition program -- an animal-product-free regimen I have adhered to ever since . The immediate result was a rather surprising and unexpected increase in my energy levels , leading to a very gradual return to exercise , building up slowly over an extended period of time . The results were hardly overnight . But two years later , I had lost well over 30 pounds . And not only did I keep the weight off , I was the most fit I had ever been in my life . At 42 years old , I competed in the Ultraman World Championships , a grueling three-day uber-endurance triathlon circumnavigating the Big Island of Hawaii that involves 6.2 miles of swimming , 260 miles of cycling and culminates with a 52.4-mile double marathon run . I placed 11th overall and was the third-fastest American . To top it off , Men 's Fitness magazine recently named me one of the "  25 Fittest Guys in the World . "  Not that I actually believe I deserve such an honor ! Quite an extreme contrast from that day I looked in the mirror . I 'm not advocating that everyone should test himself or herself so severely . But my point is that change starts with a decision followed by baby steps along a new , consistent trajectory that , over time , can lead to dramatic results . I 'm nothing special . I 'm not a professional athlete . I 'm just a normal family guy . But if I could experience such a vast transformation in my own life , I know with certainty that everybody has within himself the power to enact his own well-balanced transformation . Change is never easy . And despite what you may see advertised , I 'm sorry to say there is no secret diet , mystery pill or overnight miracle that will do it for you . But there is a solution . Here are some helpful tools I employed along the way that can help you get started : Set a goal : Vague , nonspecific notions of "  getting fit , " "  going to the gym , " or "  eating better " are all fine , but they are not true "  goals " and all too typically devolve , paving the way for relapse to old habits . Instead , establish something very concrete you would like to achieve on a future date . The more specific , the better . Then create a solid plan with reasonable interim "  steppingstone " milestones along the way to achieving the larger goal . Chart your progress , as meeting interim milestones will boost your confidence and invest you more deeply in the ultimate goal . Create community and accountability : If you go public with your quest , then you are on the hook . A good support network is a key to success . But beware of the negative dream crushers . Be selective , surrounding yourself with people who encourage your success . Do what you love : When it comes to exercise , it should n't be too painful . Ideally , it should be fun . If you absolutely hate running , find something else you enjoy . Otherwise , you set yourself up to fail . And do n't be too rigid -- mix it up with a variety of activities you like to keep it interesting and fresh . Do n't diet : Instead , get honest about your habits and embark on implementing healthy , lasting changes in your nutrition . I feel quite strongly that a nutrition program built entirely around plant-based foods and completely devoid of animal products is optimal . Conventional wisdom would say that an athlete can not perform on plants alone . But I am living proof that this is false , and I have ample research to support this position . Personally , I can not overemphasize the difference this has made in my own life , a secret weapon for enhanced athletic performance and overall long-term wellness .  In the last two years , I have not gotten sick or even suffered a cold . I realize , of course , that not everyone is ready to go 100 percent vegan , but a program built on a strong foundation of fresh organic vegetables , fruits and grains should be the focus . Do n't skip meals , but reduce your portions slightly . Read the labels and educate yourself . Avoid saturated fats , processed foods and soft drinks , all of which are entirely devoid of nutritional value . Eating whole fresh foods high in nutritional content will also stave off those unhealthy urges to binge . One day at a time : Large goals can seem insurmountable . The idea that you can never eat a cupcake or sleep in again is daunting at best . Instead , just focus on what is happening today , even if it 's hour to hour , and do n't worry about tomorrow . "  Today , I 'm not going to eat that cupcake . Maybe I 'll eat it tomorrow , just not today . " And if you miss a beat , do n't flog yourself ; it only leads to discouragement and quitting altogether . The important thing is to make sure you get right back on it the next day -- do n't let another day go by . Prioritize : Take an honest look at your average week , identify your inefficient uses of time and eliminate the things that do n't serve your goals . No matter how busy you are , if you are truly honest about this inquiry , I guarantee you can make some cuts and carve out some time . Remember : Nothing changes if nothing changes . Be consistent : It 's not about how much you do in a given workout or how hard it is . Ten minutes of core exercises four to five times per week is far better than one long run a week . Establishing a consistent rhythm of repetition is key , and another reason that your choice of exercise should be something you truly enjoy . Let 's join together to shift the world 's perspective on long-term health and wellness . No matter how old , overweight or out of shape you are , you have the power to make a decision , set a goal and create a plan . Positive change is always within your grasp , and today still remains the first day of the rest of your life . Make it count ! The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Rich Roll .	Rich Roll : Approaching 40 , "  I was in the worst shape of my life " Two years later , he was the most fit he 'd ever been This year , Men 's Fitness named Roll one of the "  25 Fittest Guys in the World " To become fit , set a specific goal , be consistent and take it one day at a time , he says
Earthquake experts worldwide expressed shock at the manslaughter convictions of six Italian scientists who failed to predict the deadly L'Aquila quake , warning that the decision could severely harm future research . Two scientists resigned their posts with the government 's disaster preparedness agency Tuesday after a court in L'Aquila sentenced six scientists and a government official to six years in prison . The court ruled Monday that the scientists failed to accurately communicate the risk of the 2009 quake , which killed more than 300 people . Luciano Maiani , the physicist who led the National Commission for the Prediction and Prevention of Major Risks , resigned in protest of the verdict Tuesday afternoon , Italy 's Civil Protection Agency announced . "  The situation created by the sentencing yesterday on the facts from L'Aquila is incompatible with a clear and effective performance of the functions of the commission and its role as a consulting bodies for the state , " Maiani said in a statement released by the agency . In addition , Mauro Dolce quit as director of the office that monitors volcano and earthquake threats , the agency said . Dolce will be given another post , it said . Seismologists were aghast at the court 's decision , noting that earthquakes remain impossible to forecast with any kind of accuracy . "  To predict a large quake on the basis of a relatively commonplace sequence of small earthquakes and to advise the local population to flee " would constitute "  both bad science and bad public policy , " said David Oglesby , an associate professor in the Earth sciences faculty of the University of California , Riverside . "  If scientists can be held personally and legally responsible for situations where predictions do n't pan out , then it will be very hard to find scientists to stick their necks out in the future , " Oglesby said in a statement . Prosecutors argued that the scientists gave "  inaccurate , incomplete and contradictory information about the dangers " facing L'Aquila at a meeting a week before the magnitude-6 .3 quake . The experts determined that it was "  unlikely " but not impossible that a major quake would take place , despite concern among the city 's residents over recent seismic activity . The court agreed , finding the six scientists from the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology and a member of the Civil Protection Agency guilty and ordering Italian authorities to pay 7.8 million euros  $ 10 million  in damages . "  It 's chilling that people can be jailed for giving a scientific opinion in the line of their work , " Roger Musson , the head of seismic hazard and archives at the British Geological Survey , wrote in a comment published on the organization 's Twitter feed . Comments from one of the defendants -- Enzo Boschi , former president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology -- suggested that the scientists were shell-shocked by their conviction . "  I 'm dejected , despairing . I still do n't understand what I 'm accused of , " Boschi said after the ruling , according to ANSA , Italy 's official news agency . Boschi and the six others convicted Monday will remain free during the appeal process . The Italian geophysics institute expressed "  regret and concern " about the verdict in a statement Monday . It said the ruling "  threatens to undermine one of the cornerstones of scientific research : that of freedom of investigation , of open and transparent discussion and sharing of results . " Some experts have argued that the issue was a failure of communications , not calculations . Domenico Giardini , who held Boschi 's old job at the institute for several months , said last year that the trial was about "  the number of weak points in the communication chain . " "  We all have to work on new , and more clear , protocols , on the transfer of information , " said Giardini , who now conducts research in Switzerland . Survivors of the 2009 quake , some of whom who lost relatives or property in the disaster , have voiced anger at the officials who downplayed the risks despite the worries expressed by residents . "  I can understand the grief of people who lost loved ones and the frustration that people feel when terrible events happen , especially ones outside their control , " Oglesby said . "  Convicting honest scientists of manslaughter does nothing to help this situation and may well put a chill on exactly the kind of science that could save lives in the future . " The ruling may well change the way experts disclose their opinions , according to David Spiegelhalter , a professor specializing in the public understanding of risk at Cambridge University in Britain . "  L'Aquila trial shows public scientists need to take media communication very seriously , " he wrote on his Twitter account . "  And get indemnity . "	Italian scientists quit government posts over L'Aquila convictions Seismologists say the decision sets a dangerous precedent The 2009 earthquake killed more than 300 people in L'Aquila Prosecutors argued scientists gave residents "  incomplete and contradictory " information
CNN  -- A pirate was killed and several others were detained after a security team thwarted an attack in waters off Somalia , authorities said Wednesday . The incident happened Tuesday as a Panamanian-flagged cargo ship , the MV Almezaan , was headed to Mogadishu , said the European Union Naval Force . A private security team that was on board the ship returned fire when pirates tried to attack the vessel . The security team was able to repel two attack attempts . The EU naval force was called in , boarded the three pirate ships and detained six suspects . They also found one pirate who had died of a gunshot wound , the naval force said . No further details were immediately available about his death . The waters off the Somali coast -- the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean -- have been plagued by Somali pirates . The international community has adopted measures such as escorts and monitoring to crack down on piracy . Two cargo ships were seized in the area on Tuesday , the EU naval force reported . Hijackers took control of one ship in the Indian Ocean and were apparently taking it to Somalia , EUNAVFOR said . The MV Frigia , a Turkish-owned and Maltese-flagged cargo vessel , had been headed east from Port Said in Egypt to Kaousichang in Thailand . The ship was moving west and appeared to be heading toward one of the so-called pirate ports off the coast of Somalia . There are 21 crew members on the ship , 19 Turkish and two Ukrainian . Also , the Bermuda-flagged and Virgin Islands-owned MV Talca was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden , EU NAVFOR said . That hijacking took place off the coast of Oman and 180 miles south of Mazera . The ship had been heading from Sokhna , Egypt , to Busheir , Iran . Twenty-three crew members are from Sri Lanka , one is from the Philippines and another is from Syria .	Private security force on cargo ship repels two attacks by pirates near Somalia EU naval force called in , boards three pirate ships , detains six suspects One suspected pirate found dead on attackers ' ship , EU says Two other ships reported seized by hijackers Tuesday in waters near Somalia
Cape Girardeau , Missouri  CNN  -- The comeback story of the one-eyed pitcher is the buzz of baseball dugouts in the Mississippi River Valley , passed down the bench like a bag of sunflower seeds . No one would have called Jordan Underwood a quitter if he had never walked onto a pitcher 's mound again . But two years after a line drive smashed his cheekbone and destroyed his left eye , Underwood is back up on the hill , starting games . And winning . Underwood , who now pitches with tinted safety glasses covering his acrylic left eye , is undefeated this season , 4-0 , for Southeast Missouri State . "  To me , it does n't seem like a big deal . I guess I am kind of a modest guy , " Underwood , a senior , told CNN . "  I just hope this is a teaching tool . Maybe if someone else is having a tough time -- not necessarily losing an eye -- and my story can inspire somebody else and motivate them , guess it 's all worth it in the end . " Two years ago , when Underwood played for Seminole Junior College in Oklahoma , one of his pitches was launched back at his head by the batter . Ky Burgess catches for Underwood at Southeast Missouri State now and was behind the plate to see and hear a baseball obliterate an eye-socket , but not a young man 's will . "  I heard this smack when it hit his face , " Ky recalls . "  My first thought was : ` Oh my God ! Is he alive ? ' He was not moving . We did not know if he was conscious . It 's one of the scariest things I have seen in my life , and I am still jumpy when I see a ball hit back through the box . " Underwood says doctors told him if the ball had struck a few inches away , on his temple , he might have died . "  It took about a month or six weeks after that  accident  for me to realize I still wanted to play , " Underwood said . "  I told myself I at least want to try to make this work . " Underwood said he started from scratch , adapting in practice to pitching with one eye . The 22-year-old explains he needed to focus more on certain spots around home plate to make up for the change in depth perception . Underwood is left handed , so his remaining good right eye has a wide open view of the plate . The baseball experts say he would not be pitching if the line drive had crushed that closer-to-home-plate right eye . "  I was n't afraid of signing him , " said Mark Hogan , his current coach at Southeast Missouri . "  I knew nothing was wrong with his arm . And after I met him I was 100 percent in . "  He was looking for an opportunity and was serious about it . He was sort of dealt a bad hand . But he said he would give it his best shot . So he was my kind of guy . " Underwood 's journey back almost got derailed by an obscure NCAA rule concerning all athletes missing one of a pair of organs , such as a kidney . Those players must get waivers and signed paperwork confirming they are aware of the risk of accidentally losing the remaining organ . Underwood , his parents , doctors and others have signed that they are aware an accident to his right eye would leave him blind . "  He hung in there , " Hogan told CNN , admiring the way Hogan also took on the regulatory obstacles to his return . Some 10 separate signatures and a batter 's box full of NCAA paperwork later , Underwood got cleared and began fooling hitters again last spring . Burgess , the catcher , describes Underwood 's assortment of pitches as moving fastball , a sharp-breaking slider , a great curve ball and a change up "  looking just like his fastball until it dives down at the last second . " Underwood 's fastball is timed out at 84 or 85 miles per hour . Underwood says he 's not heard a lot from any teams about being picked in the major league draft in June , but adds there is always a chance . "  I 'd really like to work in public relations , " Underwood , a marketing major , said . "  Maybe I could do this for a team or sports organization , something in that area . " But graduation is still a few weeks off and until then , Underwood still has the final weekend of this season and the possibility of the NCAA playoffs . For every batter who will face Underwood , there 's dealing with those four pitches and a competitive edge built up from losing an eye and regaining his swagger on the mound .	Two years ago , a line drive smashed into Jordan Underwood , destroying his left eye Underwood now pitches with tinted safety glasses covering his acrylic left eye Coach Mark Hogan at Southeast Missouri : "  I was n't afraid of signing him " The winning pitcher hopes "  my story can inspire somebody else and motivate them "
CNN  -- Anna Tsuchiya is one of Japan 's most recognized young stars . Model , mother , actress and singer : Tsuchiya is living her life her own way . Born in Tokyo in 1984 to a Japanese mother and an American father , as a teenager , Anna started modeling , gracing the pages of fashion magazines . That later led to an acting career , starring in such movies as "  Kamikaze Girls " and "  Sakuran . " Taking on non-traditional female roles is something Tsuchiya enjoys , as mush because it fits in with here own self image as a bit of an outsider . "  It 's fun to act that kind of character who is said by others to be a ` bad girl ' but in fact she has a good heart , and that fits me , " she told CNN 's Kyung Lah . "  It would be good if many people could establish good relations in their dealings with others by pure and genuine relations rather than what is on the surface . That is the reason I am fond of acting such characters . " More recently , Anna been taking to the stage , as a punk rock singer . "  My music might have an image of being ` hard ' but in fact it expresses human emotions . So it is different from the surface image and it expresses deeper messages which have emerged from inside , " she said . With her twin career as actress and singer , she has become something of a role model for young Japanese , especially as her life and work are far removed from the traditional role for Japanese women . "  There is an image of women by which someone dictates how it should be . Nobody could say ` yes ' to that image as the right model . We only get one life . I am a woman but I am doing and want to do things that I feel are cool , " she told CNN . Since becoming a mother three years ago , Tsuchiya has developed a more mature attitude to life : "  What has changed very much is that I before I had my baby I lived just for myself . But now the child is more important than myself . " Her more sanguine attitude was compounded by tragedy when her ex-husband died in May 2008 . "  Death is a sad thing but it has to happen and time can never be reversed . I happen to think that when I die I do n't want to see people around weeping forever . I think he would have felt the same way , " she told CNN . "  So if I had been caught up with sorrow he would have been upset . Rather than being overcome , I say I accept the reality . " Despite the setback and tragedies , with Tsuchiya 's unique career in the ascendancy , her future looks bright .	Anna Tsuchiya is one of Japan 's most recognizable actresses and singers Born and raised in Tokyo by Japanese mother and Polish-American father Started as a model and moved into acting before launching musical career
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , was re-elected chairman of his Justice and Development Party , or AKP , at a boisterous party rally Sunday attended by throngs of supporters as well as foreign leaders . At the AKP party congress , Erdogan once again sought to cement the role of the AKP not only as a party that has reshaped Turkish politics but also as a role model for regional democratic Islamist movements in the wake of the Arab Spring . In a two-and-a-half-hour speech , delivered in front of an adoring crowd of party delegates , Erdogan detailed his party 's achievements after nearly a decade in power , while also laying out a road map for what his role could be in the future . "  We have shown , both at home and abroad , that a country with a Muslim population can have a thriving and advanced democracy , " said Erdogan , who called the AKP a "  conservative democratic party . " "  This understating that we have put forth has gone beyond our borders and has practically become an example to all Muslim countries , " he announced to an audience that included Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy as well as Massoud Barzani , head of the Kurdistan regional government in Iraq . Few answers in Syria Erdogan , who won his party 's chairmanship for the third time on Sunday with 1,421 votes , has reached the AKP 's term limit . What his role will be after that has been the source of much debate in Turkey . Erdogan told delegates that he will continue to serve and that , "  This is not a goodbye but a pause in the notes of a song . " "  One of the most important aspects of the convention was the message that the prime minister is not going anywhere , " Suat Kiniklioglu , a former AKP parliamentarian and director of the Strategic Communication Center based in Ankara , wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Instead he will try to become a president who can maintain his party affiliation , or will try to change the system into a presidential or semi-presidential system , " he wrote . Kurdish conflict escalating , report says Turkish critics regularly accuse Erdogan of authoritarian tendencies , citing the arrests of scores of journalists and hundreds of political rivals in recent years . Some commentators have warned that a presidential system could weaken democracy in Turkey . "  This was mainly about consolidating his own power and thickening the cement on which his party stands on , " Yavuz Baydar , a columnist for the newspaper Today 's Zaman , said in an interview with CNN . "  He does not take for granted that he needs a broader base to become a fully empowered president . Either he will seek a more reformist base or he will go more conservative , omitting ` democrat ' from ` conservative democrat , ' " said Baydar . Refugees languish in squalor at Turkish border The AKP 's internal constitution was amended during the party congress to allow parliamentarians who have already served three terms -- such as Erdogan -- to be re-elected after sitting out an election cycle . The party congress also led to the appointment of a slew of new names to the central coordination committee of the AKP . Some political analysts said the choice of appointees signaled Erdogan appeared to be making overtures to the conservative side of the political spectrum , ahead of municipal elections next October . However , one notable change included the removal of Erdogan 's interior minister from one of the AKP 's top leadership councils . Interior Minister Idris Naim Sahin 's hawkish stance towards Turkey 's long-simmering Kurdish conflict has sparked controversy both within the AKP and throughout Turkey . "  As of today , we want to turn to a blank page and write in it with our Kurdish brothers . We want to protect that page from terror and make it a new page of peace and brotherhood , " said Erdogan . His remarks echoed themes of previous speeches , when Erdogan 's government launched a series of reforms aimed at relaxing cultural restrictions on Kurds in Turkey . As part of what was described as the "  democratic opening , " the Turkish state established a Kurdish-language TV channel for the first time and eased bans on Kurdish language education in schools . But the peace overtures have failed to bring an end to an insurgency that has claimed the lives of more than 30,000 people over the last three decades . Over the last year , violence has spiked in predominantly Kurdish southeastern Turkey to deadly levels unseen in more than a decade . After winning numerous elections since his party first swept to power in 2002 , Erdogan appears to have a popular mandate under Turkey 's constitution , which was written by a military junta in the 1980s . A new constitution could conceivably expand rights for Turkey 's restive Kurdish minority . But that process has stalled amid disagreements with opposition political parties , who accuse the AKP of trying to rewrite the constitution unilaterally . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Recep Tayyip Erdogan re-elected AKP party chairman "  We have shown that ... a Muslim population can have ... democracy , " he says Leaders of Egypt , Iraqi Kurdistan are in attendance at rally Critics accuse Erdogan of authoritarian tendencies , citing arrests of journalists and rivals
She-Ravers rejoice ! A new She-Ra comic has arrived . The comic is one in a series of "  Masters of the Universe " character origin digital one-shots published by DC Entertainment . Not a continuing story of She-Ra , it is rather a dramatic retelling of her beginnings . Wondering what a one-shot is ? Here 's a primer if you 're more a fan of the animated "  She-Ra : Princess of Power " TV series that began airing in 1985 : "  A one-shot is simply an issue  or digital release  that tells a full story on its own , " writer Mike Costa said . " ... All the way up through the 1990s , telling single-issue stories was the norm . But today stories are increasingly told over several issues that are later collected into books , so a one-shot is becoming an unusual , special thing . " The She-Ra digital one-shot delves into our heroine 's pre-Princess of Power 's past -- before the Sword of Protection came to her , before she became the Most Powerful Woman in the Universe and before she ever uttered the phrase , "  For the honor of Grayskull ! " Kidnapped as a baby by the evil Skeletor , She-Ra 's alter ego Princess Adora -- twin sister of Prince Adam  who later became He-Man  -- was raised by the evil Lord Hordak in the dark dimension of Despondos . Lord Hordak renamed Adora Despara and brainwashed her into become a villain . Despara became a force captain in Hordak 's army and Hordak 's own personal assassin . Upon return to her birth planet , Eternia , Despara was initially Adam 's enemy . Female superhero ` She-Ra ' marks 25th anniversary "  Readers unfamiliar with her history might be surprised to learn that she was a very different person before that transformation , " Costa said , "  but the hero she would become is there , slumbering inside of her , and that 's what our story is really about . " Put simply : An unhappy young girl who dreams of a better life discovers she 's a princess and her dreams come true . "  But She-Ra 's story is such a great inversion of that , " Costa said , "  because rather than being just a passive dreamer , she 's actually already a very powerful character . Sure she 's a powerful character working for evil , but that only makes her journey all the more heroic and interesting . The messages of strength , capability and redemption , those are some really empowering and sophisticated ideas for a princess character aimed at girls from 30 years ago . " The new release presents a darker , more unusual take on She-Ra . "  I think the trick for me was drawing this version of She-Ra as not really evil but detached and cold , " artist Drew Edward Johnson said . "  She was n't born as this deadly Hordak enforcer but was made one , and over the course of the story , we can see how she 's been kept in line and made to do things that are against her nature . I tried to show in a couple of close-up shots that her eyes are not those of a killer , and in those shots , divided her face down the middle with the panel borders to show her split nature . " In creating the planet Etheria , Johnson worked with colorist Kathryn Layno to "  create the most infernal atmosphere possible . " They surrounded She-Ra with fire , smoke , dead trees and hopeless people to get that bleak , drab , uninviting feel . An individual dragged down by dire circumstances beyond her control , She-Ra -- in true hero fashion -- rose above those circumstances to become an inspiration to the world around her . Johnson said he believes She-Ra still resonates with audiences because "  like Wonder Woman , She-Ra is iconic . She stood , and stands , as a strong and good-hearted character that anyone of any age can get behind . " The other "  Masters of the Universe " comic releases consist of a printed miniseries in which Skeletor -- having rewritten the laws of reality on Eternia -- rules from inside Castle Grayskull . In addition , there is a digital series of 10-page stories featuring fresh takes on the origins of individual characters that are fan favorites , such as Orko and Trap Jaw . The new She-Ra is one in a series of full-length one-shots showcasing the origin of a particular character . Past comics told the back stories of He-Man and Skeletor.Gift of the Day : He-Man She-Ra ugly Christmas sweater "  The line is diverse , " Mattel executive Rob David said , "  but every title shares one thing in common : We 're not playing things safe . ` Masters of the Universe ' is n't just part of our cultural past ; it 's alive and constantly growing . " For the most part , fan response has been overwhelmingly positive , but some die-hards resist the retooling of classic characters . "  Fans are thrilled to see He-man and the Masters of the Universe back in action , " David said . "  Not everybody wants to see any changes , of course , but He-Man -- ever since he first premiered -- has evolved . Hey , when he first came out , there was no Prince Adam ! So long as you stay true to the core concepts , it 's always fun to explore the possibilities . "	New She-Ra comic is a revamp of the story about how the Princess of Power came to be Digital release is a dark twist on She-Ra 's origin Artist : "  She-Ra is iconic . She stood , and stands , as a strong and good-hearted character "
CNN  A well-heeled employer goes back to his hotel after a hard  ish  day 's work and finds no hot dinner on the table . He snaps , lashing out  allegedly  at the nearest underling who could be held responsible . Within days , almost 1 million people sign a petition for him not to lose his job , while the suspension of the TV program he presents loses the BBC 4 million viewers . Why is this man so popular that he can be accused of abusing his staff  not to mention members of other ethnic groups and nationalities  and seemingly get away with it ? A serial offender , Jeremy Clarkson seems to enjoy a charmed life . But , with the BBC now deliberating over his future , has his luck finally run out ? Not a chance . Clarkson , like so many celebrities , sees his stock grow with every controversy . Every indiscretion seems calculated to raise his profile and boost his esteem among his fervent followers that little bit further . The "  Eeny , meeny , miny , moe " incident , which saw the N-word slip out -- whoops , did I really hear what I think I heard ? -- was designed to achieve just the right effect : offensive enough to generate howls of protest , but trivial enough for his fans to spring to his defense , crying "  over-reaction " and "  storm in a teacup . " The presenter later apologized , saying his efforts to obscure the offending word "  were n't quite good enough . " On this latest occasion , was it the beleaguered producer lodging a complaint , or , like any normal person who 's been punched in the face by a thug , pressing charges with the local constabulary ? No , it was none other than Clarkson who willingly gave himself up to the corporation . Go on , sack me , he seemed to be saying , when he told a reporter that his dismissal "  is coming , is n't it ? " See how my adoring public likes that . Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho are , like Clarkson , seasoned experts in rebranding themselves  or their team  as the victims , even when they seem to have everything going for them bar the position of the stars . They have all perfected the glum , hangdog expression that invites sympathy , begging forgiveness for each misdemeanour . It makes their success all the sweeter if they can convince us that they achieved it in the face of hostility . While waiting for the BBC to deliver its verdict , Clarkson penned an article for The Sun in which he likened himself to a "  dinosaur " whose time is about to run out , knowing full well that his followers will protest : no , of course you 're not washed up and irrelevant , Jeremy . Britain needs you to stand up to Johnny Foreigner ! It is almost tempting to wonder whether there might be a political role ahead of him should the Beeb decide to give him the push for once and for all  I use the word "  political " advisedly here  . The Romans had a goddess , Fama , who fanfared both good and bad deeds for all eternity . Badly behaved celebrities have their trumpets blown by the massed forces of the media , which are of course only too pleased to have such good copy . Clarkson is already assured of immortality , if only through YouTube or its futuristic equivalent , but while waiting to shuffle off this mortal coil he -- like all celebrities -- acts as a conduit of divinity . He is the chain that binds the earthly audience to the goddess Fama , and this is why we allow him to act in such a beastly way , without complaining  too much  . In the east of India , holy intermediaries called Kalasis beat devotees with canes . The devotees flinch with the mortal pain , but they receive it as a blessing . Contestants on the X Factor queue all night for the opportunity to be verbally abused by Simon Cowell . Bruises , actual and emotional , are worn with pride , whether delivered by the Kalasis cane , Cowell 's tongue , or Clarkson 's fist  allegedly  . They are blessed that are touched by celebrity . So how about Oisin Tymon , Clarkson 's hapless producer , who , according to the Daily Telegraph , had to seek hospital treatment for a cut lip following the "  fracas ? " Had he presented poor , weary Jeremy with a nice succulent steak on his arrival that evening , he would still be languishing in the realms of the unknown . And do n't feel sorry for the hotel owner either : just watch bookings at Simonstone Hall , the Yorkshire hotel where the alleged incident took place , go through the roof . They may as well start engraving that blue plaque now .	Top Gear Jeremy Clarkson allegedly lashed out a producer , prompting BBC to cancel broadcast of program Clarkson , like so many celebrities , sees his stock grow with every controversy , says David Giles Clarkson is already assured of immortality , says Giles , adding that like all celebrities -- the presenter acts as conduit of divinity
As Islamist militants swept through northern and western Iraq in early June in a lightning advance , President Barack Obama examined his options and announced that he would be prepared to "  take targeted and precise military action . " Nearly two months later , Obama , albeit reluctantly , on Thursday approved the use of airstrikes in Iraq . He said the step was taken to defend U.S. personnel in the city of Irbil and protect religious minorities facing what he called a "  potential act of genocide " from the Islamic State , the extremist group most recently known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . The escalation marks a turning point in the Obama administration 's foreign policy , which has avoided direct military involvement in Iraq and Syria until now . It 's been a cautious policy that has come under fire from Republicans and some military and foreign policy experts . And while Obama 's foreign policy ratings have plummeted , he has sought to avoid dragging a war-weary nation into another Mideast conflict . ` Political cover ' Administration officials acknowledge Obama was reluctant to authorize military action , but was compelled to act to protect the Kurdish stronghold of Irbil and stave off the potential slaughter of tens of thousands of Christians and Yazidis , both religious minorities in Iraq . "  When we have the unique capabilities to help avert a massacre , then I believe the United States of America can not turn a blind eye , " Obama said on Thursday . But he was still careful to emphasize the need to protect American diplomats and military advisers stationed in Irbil . And White House spokesman Josh Earnest stressed on Friday that the "  top priority " of the military operation is "  first and foremost the protection of American personnel . " CNN military analysts retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks and retired Col. Rick Francona said the presence of U.S. personnel in Irbil gives Obama the political cover to act militarily to address the precarious humanitarian situation . "  If that humanitarian disaster was not in place , I do n't know that the President would have acted as aggressively , " said Marks , a CNN military analyst . But now , military commanders have a "  green light " to act , Ben Rhodes , Obama 's deputy national security adviser said . Francona agreed that Obama would not have authorized airstrikes unless U.S. personnel were stationed in Irbil and noted that the administration 's goals are unclear . "  I think they 're looking at this very tactically and I do n't know if they have a strategic vision here , " Francona said , noting that the immediate objectives are clearly to blunt ISIS 's advance toward Irbil and help protect the Christian and Yazidi refugees . Opinion : Can the West live with ` brutal ' al Qaeda offshoot ISIS ? Political heat That is not the first time the administration has been criticized for lacking a strategic vision for countering ISIS . Republicans on Capitol Hill have repeatedly criticized Obama for undermining American influence globally by not acting decisively enough on Iraq and Syria -- among other global crises . And even after Obama authorized airstrikes in Iraq Thursday , the most consistent critics of his policy in Iraq and Syria continued to slam him . Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who have partly pinned ISIS 's advance on Obama 's full military withdrawal from Iraq , knocked Obama 's "  policy of half measures " and called on him to "  degrade ISIS . " "  It is inherently expansionist and must be stopped , " the pair said in a statement following the President 's announcement Thursday . "  The longer we wait to act , the worse the threat will become . " And House Speaker John Boehner lamented the "  ongoing absence of strategy " in a statement released Friday . And in June , an animated Boehner accused Obama of "  taking a nap " instead of dealing with ISIS . Republicans , like House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers and Sen. Bob Corker , criticized Obama last summer for not ordering military strikes in Syria after that country 's authoritarian regime reportedly used chemical weapons in the ongoing civil war -- which Obama had called a "  red line " that would prompt action . The link with Syria Many have also criticized Obama 's inaction in Syria as contributing to ISIS ' growth by failing to bolster the moderate rebel forces . Without sufficient financial and military support , moderate rebel factions have dwindled as some fighters and entire groups opted to join ISIS and other Islamist factions fighting against government forces . The hands-off approach in Syria even prompted the American ambassador to the country , Robert Ford , to resign recently because he could no longer defend the policy , he told CNN in June . "  Had there been more military assistance ... the opposition would have probably been able to gain ground a couple years ago more quickly , " Ford said . "  And  the ability of al Qaeda and Islamist extremist groups to recruit away from the moderates would have been less . " And aside from the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal , Ford said there is "  nothing we can point to that has been very successful in our policy . " Ford and others have called ISIS a national security threat to the United States and fears are growing that its fighters could return to Europe or the United States and carry out terrorist attacks . "  To stand back and do nothing is to simply see this cancer metastasize further , " Ford said . Map : Where is ISIS ? Increasing strength But even as Obama 's policy in Iraq and Syria faces continued criticism , his reluctance to intervene militarily is in line with most of the American public 's thinking . In a September 2013 CNN poll , about six in 10 Americans opposed a resolution that would authorize military action in Syria and 55 % opposed airstrikes . And a recent Pew Research Center poll showed that only 39 % of Americans believed in July that the United States has a responsibility to intervene in Iraq . Meanwhile , the militant group has not only continued to increase its territorial gains , but also increased its military strength by reportedly seizing weapons , armored vehicles and even tanks from Iraqi forces -- equipment the United States provided to Iraq . "  You can pull that thread , " Marks said of the link to U.S. policy in Syria . "  It 's positive in my mind that had we acted more aggressively in Syria , the problem with ISIS would probably be less exacerbated and aggressive . " What to know about ISIS Will anyone stop ISIS ? Could ISIS retaliate against the West ?	By authorizing strikes , Obama 's decision marks a turning point in Iraq foreign policy Obama 's reluctant action comes after GOP criticism of his foreign policy on Iraq and Syria Obama said the U.S. was acting to protect Americans on the ground in Irbil But past failures , questions over a broader strategy loom as U.S. asserts power in Iraq
Lonely Planet  -- Bali may have its fair share of tourists seeking nothing more than seven days of sun , sand and sex in the southern party triad of Kuta , Legian and Seminyak , but this only forms a small part of what 's on offer . In reality , Bali is a lush Indonesian island teeming with cultural experiences , delicious food and exhilarating adventures . For those after a little slice of Balinese culture , food and adventure , consider the following , less-visited possibilities : 1 . Southern Bali : Bukit Peninsula Good for : surf , seafood and spirituality Bali may be known for beaches and cornrows now , but it was the surfers who first discovered this beautiful Indonesian island . Go south from Kuta to Bukit Peninsula -- Bukit to its friends -- and you 'll see what lured them here . Head to Ulu Watu beach for the kinds of waves eager surfers dream of , or to Nusa Dua for some killer breaks around the reef . Note however that Neptune 's fierce in this part of town . Only experienced surfers should attempt to brave the waters around the Bukit Peninsula . Lonely Planet : Top 25 experiences in Bali & Lombok Explore Bali 's spiritual side with a visit to Pura Luhur Ulu Watu on the island 's south east . Perched high on a cliff top , the temple has arresting views across the ocean that will leave you gob-smacked .  Just do n't venture into Ulu Watu with any loose items dangling from you . The temple is awash with pick pocketing monkeys , and before you know what 's happened they 'll have scarpered with your best sunglasses . A trip to the Bukit Peninsula is n't complete without visiting the Jimbaren fish markets . Early morning is the best time , as the market 's in full throttle for the day 's sales . Finish the evening in Jimbaren , watching the sun set at one of the picturesque seafood warungs  casual food stalls  . There are three strips to choose from , with the southern section  near the Four Seasons  generally agreed to be the best . Watch out for high tide lapping at any belongings left on the ground . 2 . Central Bali Good for : food , unique coffee and natural wonders Bali 's famous for the delicacy of babi guling -- suckling pig -- and no place does it quite like Ibu Oka in the centre of Ubud . For a communal experience , join other diners on the warung right opposite Ubud 's palace . If you 'd prefer to sit , ask the staff to walk you a little further up the road to the ` secret ' warung . The prices are the same , but it 's a little quieter , a little plusher and a little more tucked away . Nothing bonds people like a shared plate of succulently cooked pig skin . Delish ! Metered cabs are rare in Ubud but there are plenty of drivers around vying for your business  of mixed quality -- if you find a driver you like , get his number !  . However , more adventurous souls might like to jump on the back of a scooter and zoom up and down the mountainside . Better yet , from around 60,000 RPK you can hire your own scooter . Once you get the feel of the ebb and flow of traffic , you 'll be free to explore the beautiful scenery of Bali 's mountains all by yourself . Scooter 16km north to the Elephant Safari Park at Desa Taro and marvel at the gentle beauty of rescued Sumatran elephants . Do n't be fooled by imitations . The only legitimate conservation park is the one booked through Bali Adventure Tours . Lonely Planet : Bali 's best spas and chill-out spots From Ubud , hire a driver and head north to Kintamani to see the awe inspiring sight of Gunung Batur , Bali 's second highest volcano . Its last eruption was in 1994 , and traces of the black lava can still be seen . Worth it for the crater lake alone , it 's interesting to see the bustling of villages so close to a potentially murderous natural wonder . Make sure you check up on volcanic conditions before you go . Coffee lovers should stop en route to Kintamani at Tampaksiring to try kopi luwuk . Famous for passing the coffee bean through the digestive system of a cat , this coffee retails for a whopping $ US50 a cup elsewhere -- here , you 'll get it at a steal for around $ US4 . 3 . North , East and everywhere else Good for : waterfalls , kite surfing and beach paradise Cross through the mountain ridges at Danau Bratan , stopping for some sweet strawberries from one of the many roadside vendors . Head north towards Lovina Beach , stopping to check out the Gitgit Waterfalls . At Lovina , enjoy the chilled out atmosphere among the black sand and seafood warungs -- just as fresh but much cheaper than Jimbaren -- and revel in the lack of the tourist throng . If you can afford the time , make a little side trip to Air Panas Banjar , three natural hot springs open daily from 8am-6pm . Admission a steal at 5000RPK . On the east coast of Bali , Sanur is much more laid back than beachside towns like Seminyak and Kuta but it 's worth a visit -- particularly for those after the oceanic thrills of the former without the drunken revelry of the latter . Sanur is one of the best places in Bali to try out kite surfing . Strap yourself in and go away with the breeze ! If you can spare the time , there are few greater experiences than hopping a boat in Candi Dasa and heading east to the Gili Islands for beach paradise . Sure , we 're not in Bali any more , but it 's so close that you could be . Rapidly gaining in popularity , it wo n't be long before the Gilis are overrun with tourists seeking a blissful beach getaway with little to no responsibility , so get in quick . Just northwest of Lombok , the Gilis are a 90-minute boat ride from the east coast of Bali . Each island  Trewangan , Meno and Air  caters to a different kind of traveler , but all three share the same untouched beauty . There are no cars allowed on the islands , so get used to cycling or walking . Lonely Planet : The world 's most unusual beaches  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	While sun and sand often get top billing , Bali is teeming with cultural experiences The Bukit Peninsula is known for challenging surfing and a scenic seaside temple Sanur is one of the best places in Bali to try out kite surfing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration cleared the way Thursday for federal agencies to skip consultations with government scientists when embarking on projects that could impact endangered wildlife , the interior secretary said . Environmentalists are not happy with President Bush 's changes to regulations of the Endangered Species Act . The final regulations to the Endangered Species Act take effect before President Bush leaves office in January , but wildlife conservation groups say undoing the damage could take months . "  The responsibility to initiate consultation will still lie with the federal agency undertaking the action , " Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said , but if the agency in question can satisfy the requirement that no harm will come to an endangered species , then there is no need to consult with either the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Services . The determination of "  no harm " will rest with agency bureaucrats instead of scientists , but the agencies can still seek the input of the scientists on a voluntary basis , Kempthorne said . Developers and agencies with large projects have long sought a weakening of Endangered Species Act regulations , which they say delay their projects and add to costs . Environmental groups contend that this change will take scientists and biologists who have protected endangered species completely out of the mix , leaving wildlife more vulnerable and harder to protect . They also say that more than 250,000 citizens voiced their opposition to the measure through the Web site regulations.gov . "  The Department of Interior is ignoring the vast majority of the over 200,000 comments they got on this rule change-by moving forward . They are basically saying public be damned , " said Andrew Wetzler , Director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's Endangered Species program . The NRDC maintains that "  absent court action , undoing this ruling could take months ... despite today 's feel-good statements , we remain convinced that these changes are illegal . " The National Wildlife Federation , also voicing strong opposition , said that "  in the eleventh hour of his presidency , President Bush has rammed through a sweeping overhaul of the Endangered Species Act . This action eviscerates key protections that have helped safeguard and recover endangered fish , wildlife and plants for the past 35 years . ' But Chris Paolino , a spokesman for the Interior Department , said that the change is an "  attempt to refocus the resources , time and manpower of both the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Federation and National Marine Fisheries to focus on those projects that have a measurable , adverse impact on endangered species . " President-elect Barack Obama has said he would work to reverse the changes , but since they go into effect before he takes office , his administration would have to reopen the rulemaking process . Congress could also act to block the new regulations .	Bush administration changes regulations of Endangered Species Act Federal agencies wo n't need to seek scientists ' advice on projects impacting wildlife Environmental groups say changes could leave wildlife more vulnerable
EW.com  -- It 's hard out there for a plus-sized-and-proud actress like Melissa McCarthy -- especially in a world where svelte Jennifer Lawrence considers herself "  obese " by Hollywood standards . But McCarthy has built a career even the tiniest starlet should envy -- one that 's included an Emmy  and another nomination  , an Oscar nod , and roles in two $ 100 million-plus-grossing comedies in the past two years . Even so , McCarthy 's weight has made her a target for Photoshop-happy marketing execs , mean-spirited Internet commenters  that 's right , guys -- we see you !  , and at least one film critic . The New York Observer 's Rex Reed famously attacked McCarthy in his review of "  Identity Thief " this past February , calling her "  tractor-sized , " a "  female hippo , " and "  a gimmick comedian who has devoted her short career to being obese and obnoxious with equal success . " His comments quickly went viral , prompting online rage but no direct response from the comedian herself -- until now . The very mention of Reed 's remarks was enough to strip McCarthy of her normally sunny tone , according to a new profile in The New York Times . Her first reaction to the review was pure shock : "  Really ? Why would someone O.K. that ? " As somebody raising two daughters during a "  strange epidemic of body image and body dysmorphia , " the article felt particularly stinging to her . But ultimately , the star of the upcoming comedy "  The Heat " decided that it 's better to take the high road : "  I felt really bad for someone who is swimming in so much hate , " McCarthy told the Times . "  I just thought , that 's someone who 's in a really bad spot , and I am in such a happy spot . I laugh my head off every day with my husband and my kids who are mooning me and singing me songs . " The Times writes that McCarthy seemed to have more to say -- until she was rudely interrupted by a blaring fire alarm . "  I imagine that 's my publicist , " she told her interviewer with a laugh . "  The gods did n't want us discussing this . " Find the full interview here . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The plus-sized actress is responding to comments about her weight She told the New York Times her first reaction was shock Her new film "  The Heat " releases soon
CNN  -- The escalation of protests across Egypt on Sunday has prompted businesses and governments to evacuate their citizens and clients from the country . Turkey 's semiofficial news agency Anadolu Ajansi stated that two planes were headed to Egypt Sunday to begin transporting Turkish citizens out of the country . The U.S. Embassy has been closed indefinitely , according to embassy spokeswoman Elizabeth Coulton , although it is offering 24-hour emergency assistance . PBS travel-show host Regina Fraser , currently in Egypt filming an episode of her show "  Grannies on Safari , " has been frustrated by the lack of information . "  I 'm going to tell you briefly that I contacted the embassy here two or three days ago , and no one answered . No one answered , " said Fraser . "  The phone just kept ringing . " The information pipeline has improved with the addition of more people to take calls and handle e-mails , the U.S. State Department said Sunday . The staff of the Cairo Embassy has been overwhelmed by inquiries and the State Department now has a 24-7 task force and call centers , said Assistant Secretary of State Janice L. Jacobs . Radio and TV , along with websites and telephones , are being used to provide travel updates , she said . Charter flights will begin taking thousands of government dependents , nonessential employees and private American citizens out of Cairo on Monday . Officials are looking at Istanbul , Turkey ; Nicosia , Cyprus ; and Athens , Greece , as possible destinations , although the list was not finalized Sunday afternoon , Jacobs said . Fraser is currently stranded on a Nile River cruise boat in Luxor . She said someone at the embassy picked up the phone on Sunday and transferred her call to a recording advising callers to visit the U.S. government website . "  There is no internet here in Egypt , " Fraser said . "  How could I find out information if the internet is not working ? " Fraser said she was n't aware that flights to the U.S. would be available on Monday until informed by CNN . "  Many people just want to get out , " Fraser said . Laura Murphy , a fellow river cruise passenger , told CNN that the ship 's captain anchored the boat in Luxor after being warned against docking at any of the stops along the Nile because those areas may be unsafe for tourists . Murphy said two men with plane tickets to Cairo were stuck in Luxor because the plane never showed up . "  You can not get away by water . You can not take public transportation because it is unsafe and you can not fly , " Murphy said . "  I 'm safe but trapped . " U.S. officials are advising stranded travelers to stay put until help arrives . "  We right now are asking people to limit their movements as much as possible and wait for the additional information that we will have on the charter flights that will be leaving , " said Jacobs . Jacobs called on friends and family members with internet access to try to contact their loved ones in Egypt to give them online information that tourists in Egypt currently can not access . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " program on Sunday that "  thankfully , we do not have any reports of any American citizens killed or injured " in Egypt 's anti-government demonstrations . The U.S. State Department was making arrangements to provide transportation to "  safe haven locations " in Europe . From those locations , U.S. citizens must make their own travel plans and reimburse the government for their flights out of Egypt , the embassy said in a statement . According to senior State Department officials , there are 380 government employees at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , and 760 spouses and children living with them in Egypt . The television news service Al Arabiya broadcast an unconfirmed report that eight commercial aircraft from Saudi Arabia were on their way to evacuate Saudis from Egypt . Meanwhile , 500 Jordanians , most of them students , arrived in Amman on Sunday , according to Mohammed Kayed , spokesman for the nation 's Foreign Ministry . The ministry is in contact with the Jordanian Embassy in Cairo and was working to help book flights on Royal Jordanian airline for Jordanian citizens . Royal Jordanian said on its website it operated four scheduled and two extra flights between Amman and Cairo on Sunday "  in order to transport Jordanian citizens who wish to come back to the Kingdom , in light of the exceptional conditions prevailing in Eygpt . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. State Department offers 24-7 call center to provide info U.S. tourists in Luxor "  safe but trapped " U.S. State Department allows dependents of embassy workers to leave
CNN  -- During the past two years , I have been digging into the intimate relationships of 150 women , ages 20 through 90 , for my new book , "  Sex After ... Women Share How Intimacy Changes as Life Changes . " I take readers from the honeymoon hots through tepid midlife to some surprisingly steamy senior sex . Many of my subjects describe easy and sexy romances ; others are pushing through emotional and physical roadblocks . Here are snapshots of some of those stories of tough love . Postpartum blues Between 10-15 % of women suffer from postpartum depression that affects sexual desire and can cause serious rifts in a young marriage . Texas psychologist Christine Hall 's struggle through the blues after childbirth led her to create a specialty practice in treating clients with postpartum mood disorders . Hall 's own depression was so severe that for a flash she considered taking her own life . With the help of a supportive husband , therapy and anti-depressants , she fought her way back . Here is a snippet of our interview that appears in the "  Sex After Baby " chapter : I see in my practice that sex can really cause a lot of distance between the couple . The spouse is thinking , "  All right , the OB said we could have sex after six weeks . Let 's go to it , honey . " And the new mom is telling me , "  Oh my God , I ca n't do this yet . I am still fat and sad and I am not ready to have anyone close to me -- other than the baby ! " I tell them my own story , that there is hope -- I 'm at a really good place now . You go from not feeling sexy at all and trying to get across to your partner , "  Hey these are not your boobs right now ' to feeling ` hey I 'm ready , let 's do it ' . ` It 's only a leg ' Richaela 's husband , Derek , was deployed to Afghanistan three weeks after their wedding . She was 20 , and he was 22 . Six months later , Derek stepped on an improvised explosive device and lost part of his right leg . To add to the bedlam of this tragedy , Richaela gave birth to their daughter , Madeline , early on in Derek 's treatment at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center . After excruciating hard work to become intimate again , emotionally and physically , they are now enjoying "  full-on sex , " Richaela told me , and a very sturdy marriage . Here is a portion of her story : When this first happened to Derek , I just felt helpless , like I would never get my husband back . He was so depressed and angry , and he also had post traumatic stress disorder . I felt like leaving the marriage , and it was hard to become intimate again . He 'd want to have sex , but with the pain in his leg , he could n't bear weight . Once we figured out how to finally do it , every time we 'd finish with an orgasm , his leg would jolt with pain . It made me feel really bad because he would say "  I want to have sex with you , " but it would hurt him afterward . Honestly , we do n't have sex in long sessions any more like we used to because he just gets tired more quickly . I do n't really mind . At least I have my husband ! You come to realize that love in marriage comes from so many other things than what our bodies can do . It 's only a leg ; I 've seen far worse when we were at Walter Reed . There were many men with two and three limbs missing , plus genital injuries . Sex after breast cancer Five years ago , Sophia was diagnosed with Stage 3 breast cancer at 37 . She had her left breast removed and reconstructed , then endured months of chemotherapy and radiation that left her weak and bald and frightened that she would not live to see her two young kids enter kindergarten . Tanned in a low-cut sundress , today Sophia is cancer-free , and she offers a hopeful message to the one in eight American women who will be struck with breast cancer in their lifetimes . Here is a swatch of our conversation : My husband was surprisingly turned on by my new look . It was like he got to sleep with another woman . Though I am not thrilled with the way my chest looks . I prefer to have sex with my shirt on now , because it makes me think less about how my breasts used to be . Recovering from cancer , while the physical intimacy was good , I would often feel like I needed more emotional support from him . And I should have asked for it ; this is a lesson I can pass on to other women in my situation . I created the problem really , because in my efforts to be strong in front of the kids and to just keep going forward , I let my husband assume I was invincible . And he was so turned on by how tough I was , this Warrior Woman , I did n't let myself be weak with him . In retrospect , I should have told him the truth , that I was often tired . That I was scared the cancer would come back . That I was vulnerable and just needed him to hold me . Let 's talk about sex ... and cancer The midlife itch The 15-year mark in a marriage is a popular juncture for divorce and infidelity . Affairs that are outed can either wreck a marriage or open communication lines , as remorse leads to forgiveness and potentially a more honest union . Increasingly , though , I found in composing this book that many people who take on lovers do so in secret , so as not to rock the boat . Pamela , 53 , is a married mother of five who last year reconnected with the "  soul mate who got away . " They are now lovers , and she is determined to keep both men in her life . Here is part of her story in the "  Sex After Infidelity " chapter : This previous boyfriend was my first love and my greatest lover . And he still is . Yet I do not want to leave my husband and hurt him . My marriage is a good one . I love both men , and I have chosen to keep both men . A secret life can be very sexually affirming if it stays a secret . If I went to a therapist , she would say "  choose . " I ca n't choose . I get the best of both worlds : I have the stability and security of my husband , an intact family for my children , and I have the passion that I want and need in my life . Sex after widowhood While researching "  Sex After ... , " I looked for older women whose husbands had died recently and had been their only lovers . Those wives who had nursed husbands through long illnesses were clearly grieving , yet they admitted to some relief . Patricia was married for 55 years in what she described as a "  wonderful love affair . " Her husband suffered from a chronic heart condition for most of those years and finally succumbed to leukemia . At 80 , she has found solace with an old friend her age who had also lost his wife . I love Patricia 's story , a portion of which she tells below , and the hopeful stories like hers in the "  Giddy Golden Girls " chapter that shatter myths of the little old lady as fragile and dried up . I never thought I would ever want to get involved with another man . Our friend Steven would ask me out , and I would say , "  I 'm not ready . " He was very romantic and persistent , though . He would send me long-stemmed white roses every two weeks . I finally went on a date with him on New Year 's Eve . But I was still afraid to touch another man . At midnight , I would n't go near him . Then about a year after my husband died , Steven asked me to go to Paris with him . I said , "  OK , I guess it 's time to try you out . " My husband was the only man I 'd ever slept with , so being intimate with another man was very scary . Without giving you details , let me just say things are going well . I feel wonderful , like a teenager . The love , the making love -- it 's so romantic it 's almost electrifying . After taking care of someone so ill for so many years , this is fantastic . Finding love in my 80s is like opening another world I never knew could exist . Not only do I have a golf partner and a life partner , but the sex part is very , very good . It is not "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " but it is definitely erotic and warm and beautiful . Do you have a story about acclimating to sex after a major life change ? Please share in the comments section , but keep it clean !	"  Sex After " looks at the sex lives of women , from the honeymoon hots to steamy senior sex Iris Krasnow 's conversations with women set the stage for real and revealing topics Through childbirth , injury and illness and finally death , women and their partners must adapt
CNN  -- A hot air balloon crash in New Zealand early Saturday killed 11 people -- the pilot and 10 passengers -- officials said . No one survived the crash , which happened on the outskirts of Carterton , a town northeast of Wellington . A fire likely started on board the balloon , sending it plummeting to the ground , said Superintendent Mike Rusbatch , Wellington District commander for New Zealand Police . It was not immediately clear what started the fire , though eyewitnesses said the balloon had hit a power line , according to police . "  This is an absolutely tragic incident and our thoughts are with the families of the deceased . We are in the process of notifying next of kin . However , we will not be releasing any names until all next of kin have been advised , " Rusbatch said . A police spokeswoman said all the victims were from the wider Wellington area . An investigation into the cause of the accident is under way . A witness to the crash told Radio New Zealand that the balloon was on fire as it fell . He was in his garden when he heard a hissing sound and looked up to see flames climbing the sides of the basket . When the balloon hit the ground , a large cloud of smoke ascended , Radio New Zealand reported . The weather was likely not a factor in the crash , according to Jill Stringer , a spokeswoman for the Wairarapa District Health Board . "  It was a perfect morning for ballooning , " she said . CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	NEW : Victims are all from the Wellington area NEW : Eyewitnesses report the balloon hit a power line Everyone aboard , the pilot and 10 passengers , died The balloon went down near the town of Carterton
CNN  -- The online whistle-blower site WikiLeaks began publishing more than 250,000 diplomatic cables from U.S. embassies around the world Sunday , spawning sharp condemnation from the White House and congressional leaders . WikiLeaks , which said its servers were under electronic attacks Sunday afternoon , said the documents represent the largest-ever disclosure of confidential information and give the world "  an unprecedented insight into the U.S. government 's foreign activities . " "  The cables show the U.S. spying on its allies and the U.N. ; turning a blind eye to corruption and human rights abuse in ` client states ' ; backroom deals with supposedly neutral countries ; and lobbying for U.S. corporations , " the site 's editor-in-chief and spokesman , Julian Assange , said in a statement released Sunday evening . "  This document release reveals the contradictions between the U.S. 's public persona and what it says behind closed doors -- and shows that if citizens in a democracy want their governments to reflect their wishes , they should ask to see what 's going on behind the scenes . " But White House spokesman Robert Gibbs condemned the release , warning that publishing the documents would jeopardize "  our diplomats , intelligence professionals and people around the world who come to the United States for assistance in promoting democracy and open government . " "  By releasing stolen and classified documents , WikiLeaks has put at risk not only the cause of human rights but also the lives and work of these individuals , " Gibbs said . "  We condemn in the strongest terms the unauthorized disclosure of classified documents and sensitive national security information . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reached out to leaders of eight countries over the weekend about the leaks , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Sunday . Those countries included Germany , Saudi Arabia , Britain , France , Afghanistan and the United Arab Emirates , Crowley said . The New York Times and four European newspapers that had received the documents in advance began publishing excerpts earlier Sunday . Many of them detail conversations on sensitive issues between American officials and leaders in the Middle East , Afghanistan and elsewhere . The major topics in the documents include : -- Pressure from U.S. allies in the Middle East for decisive action to neutralize Iran 's nuclear program . According to one cable , King Hamad bin Isa al Khalifah of Bahrain told Gen. David Petraeus , then the top U.S. commander in the region , that the United States must curb Iran 's nuclear program by whatever means necessary . "  The danger of letting it go on is greater than the danger of stopping it , " the king is quoted as saying . Similarly , King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia implored Washington to "  cut off the head of the snake " while there was still time , according to a cable cited by the British newspaper The Guardian . -- Conversations between Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and Petraeus about military action against al Qaeda militants in Yemen . A cable about their January meeting reports Saleh as saying : "  We 'll continue saying the bombs are ours , not yours . " At that point , according to a cable sent by the then-U.S. ambassador in Yemen , the deputy prime minister joked "  that he had just ` lied ' by telling Parliament " that Yemeni forces had carried out the strikes . -- Washington 's efforts to have highly enriched uranium removed from a Pakistani research reactor . In a cable sent in May 2009 , the U.S. ambassador in Islamabad said Pakistan was refusing to schedule a visit by American technical experts . The ambassador said that a Pakistani official had told her : "  If the local media got word of the fuel removal , ` they certainly would portray it as the United States taking Pakistan 's nuclear weapons . ' " -- Negotiations with governments over the transfer of prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay . According to The New York Times , "  Slovenia was told to take a prisoner if it wanted to meet with President  Barack  Obama , while the island nation of Kiribati was offered incentives worth millions of dollars to take in a group of detainees . " -- Concern that the Chinese government was involved in global computer hacking . One cable cited by The New York Times said a Chinese contact had told the U.S. Embassy in Beijing that the Politburo had directed "  the intrusion into Google 's computer system " earlier this year . WikiLeaks said the full set included 251,288 cables sent by American diplomats between the end of 1966 and February 2010 . Of those , 8,017 originated from the office of the secretary of state , and more than 15,600 are classified as secret , it said in a statement announcing the release . WikiLeaks said the documents will be released in stages "  over the next few months " to allow readers to digest them . "  The subject matter of these cables is of such importance , and the geographical spread so broad , that to do otherwise would not do this material justice , " it said . "  We owe it to the people who entrusted us with the documents to ensure that there is time for them to be written about , commented on and discussed widely in public , something that is impossible if hundreds of thousands of documents are released at once . " Sen. John Kerry , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , called the disclosure "  reckless . " "  This is not an academic exercise about freedom of information and it is not akin to the release of the Pentagon Papers , which involved an analysis aimed at saving American lives and exposing government deception , " Kerry , D-Massachusetts , said in a written statement . "  Instead , these sensitive cables contain candid assessments and analysis of ongoing matters and they should remain confidential to protect the ability of the government to conduct lawful business with the private candor that 's vital to effective diplomacy , " the statement said . The documents posted include often-unfavorable commentaries on a variety of international leaders , as well as coverage of almost every major issue of recent years . The United States had warned Assangethat publishing the papers would be illegal and could endanger peoples ' lives . Rep. Peter King , the ranking Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , on Sunday called on the Obama administration to prosecute Assange . In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder , King said WikiLeakshas provided "  material support to terrorist organizations " by releasing the documents . "  There should be no misconception that Mr. Assange passively operates a forum for others to exploit their misappropriation of classified information , " King wrote . "  He actively encourages and solicits the leaking of national defense information . He pursues a malicious agenda , for which he remains totally immune to the consequences of his actions . " The site said it was already under fire Sunday afternoon . In a statement posted on Twitter , WikiLeakssaid it was experiencing a distributed denial of service  DDOS  attack . That 's an effort to make a website unavailable to users , normally by flooding it with requests for data . But WikiLeaks posted information on the new documents Sunday afternoon on a site with a different web address . The cables being detailed Sunday follow two similar releases by WikiLeaks earlier this year . In July , the site released more than 70,000 U.S. military reports from the war in Afghanistan , and nearly 400,000 more reports about operations in Iraq in October . The site indicated last week that a new batch was coming , telling followers on Twitter that the new release would be seven times the size of the Iraq documents . "  Intense pressure over it for months , " the group stated . "  Keep us strong . " In addition to the Times , four European newspapers -- Britain 's The Guardian , Le Monde in France , Der Spiegel in Germany and El Pais in Spain -- had prior access to WikiLeaks documents . CNN has not had advance access to the documents because it declined to sign a confidentiality agreement with the site . Retired Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt , the former U.S. military spokesman in Iraq , said the documents reveal sensitive U.S. government positions and put diplomats at risk "  for their candidness and their reporting . " "  I think it 's important for WikiLeaks and its ilk to recognize the damage that they 're doing by releasing this information and be held responsible for the damage that occurs from releasing this information , " said Kimmitt , who served in the State Department and as the U.S. military spokesman in Iraq during the Bush administration . But Scott Shane , one of the authors of the Times report , said the disclosures are most notable for their "  behind-the-scenes stories -- how we speak to other countries and how they speak to us . " Shane told CNN the newspaper does not believe its reporting will result in drastic consequences , and that the Times redacted some names and information in the cables after discussions with State Department . "  Our judgment was that while there certainly would be repercussions , there would be strained relations perhaps with certain countries or certain leaders , we did not think that there would be lives at stake , " he said . "  We did not think that there would be important intelligence operations that would be compromised by the material we 're actually publishes . The U.S. State Department 's legal adviser , Harold Hongju Koh , said Saturday that his agency had had spoken with representatives from the Times , the Guardian and Der Spiegel about 250,000 documents that WikiLeaks had provided to them . Kohdescribed the distribution as the "  illegal dissemination of classified documents . " CNN 's Tim Lister , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks begins an "  unprecedented " release of U.S. cables Documents detail U.S. "  backroom deals " and spying , WikiLeaks says Congressional leaders join White House condemnation of WikiLeaks WikiLeaks says it is under cyberattack , but documents are already distributed
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- At least 11 people were injured in clashes Tuesday in Warsaw between Russian and Polish fans before and after a Euro 2012 soccer match , Polish officials said . Eight of those hurt , one of whom is a policeman , are Poles , two are Russian and one is German , Poland 's Interior Ministry said . None of the injuries was life-threatening , medical officials said . In all , 123 people were arrested , both Russian and Polish fans among them , the ministry said . UEFA fights racism in football More arrests were expected as police check surveillance footage to identify "  hooligans " taking part in the disorder in the Polish capital , the statement said . Video showed dozens of men running through the streets , some carrying burning flares . Russian state-run broadcaster RT reported that police fired warning shots and used water cannon and tear gas as they sought to break up the clashes . Feelings had been expected to run high ahead of the Russia-Poland game , which ended in a 1-1 draw , because of a long history of bad blood between the countries . Both nations have also struggled to deal with hardcore , violent football fans . Poland is co-hosting the Euro 2012 football tournament with Ukraine . Russian fans had organized a march through Warsaw before the game to mark Russia 's June 12 national day . When Poland almost ruled the world The disorder broke out as about 5,000 Russian fans reached Warsaw 's Poniatowski Bridge , on their way to the National Stadium , the Interior Ministry said , with "  hooligans " from both sides seeking to start a fight . "  As the crowd entered the Poniatowski Bridge , approximately a hundred pseudo football fans of the two opposing teams have attempted to confront each other , " the statement said . Riot police took "  decisive " action to stop it from escalating , the ministry said . Some 6,000 police were on duty Tuesday in Warsaw . Russian officials had already called for better behavior from the country 's supporters after unrest during Friday 's opening 4-1 win against the Czech Republic team . "  We believe that some people who were present at the stadium  behaved  unworthy of the true football fans , " read a statement on the Russian Football Union 's website . "  Those who choose the sports arena for the declaration of their personal political and other positions have no place in the stands . "  The Russian Football Union and the national team of Russia kindly request all the fans of these provocative actions to confront bullies and to cooperate fully with the organizers of the match in matters of security , " the statement added . "  We appeal to all fans who are in Poland . Remember that you represent your country . Respect yourself , your home and your team . " CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : 11 people are injured in clashes in Warsaw , Poland 's Interior Ministry says NEW : 123 people from both sides have been arrested Violence preceded and followed a Euro 2012 soccer game between Russia and Poland Russian fans marched through the city ahead of the game to mark a national day
A mysterious and gruesome crime ended the life of 19-year-old Jessica Chambers . She was found badly burned Saturday night on a rural Mississippi road by first responders after a passerby called 911 . "  You could n't recognize her because she was unrecognizable , " her father , Ben Chambers , told CNN affiliate WREG . As her car continued to blaze , emergency workers struggled to hear Chambers ' final words . She spoke in a hoarse voice , Jay Hale , the assistant district attorney for Panola County said . Did she identify her killer ? Hale paused and told CNN that no one was in custody yet , so it 's still not known . Ben Chambers said doctors told him his daughter was burned over 98 % of her body . "  They have ripped everything I have , " her mother , Lisa Chambers , told CNN affiliate WMC . Jessica Chambers went to go clean out her car and get something to eat before she was burned alive , her mother said , Authorities have questioned a few people , but no one has been arrested , Hale said . They are also trying to get a call record and data from her cell phone , found at the scene near the town of Courtland in northwestern Mississippi .	Jessica Chambers went out to clean her car and get dinner , her mom says Emergency responders found her badly burned on a rural road in Panola County , Mississippi "  They have ripped everything I have , " mother tells CNN affiliate Chambers was burned over 98 % of her body , father says
Baghdad  CNN  -- The mayor of the Iraqi city of Falluja was shot to death while bombings there , in Baghdad and in another city killed 24 more people Wednesday , police reported . Adnan al-Jalbawi , Falluja 's mayor for the past three years , died in a burst of gunfire while visiting a sewage pumping station , police officials in Anbar province reported . One of the mayor 's bodyguards was critically wounded as well , the officials said . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , police said . Iraq 's Shiite-led government has blamed other recent killings on Sunni extremists loyal to al Qaeda in Iraq , and the Anbar provincial council voted to fire police commander Gen. Hadi Azraiej on Wednesday due to the deteriorating security situation there . Meanwhile , separate attacks in Baghdad and Baquba , to the north , each killed 10 people , police said . The Baquba bombing targeted pilgrims gathering for the Shiite religious commemoration of Ashura , the holiest day of the Shiite calendar . Ashura commemorations were frequent targets of jihadist attacks in the years following the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . The 2012 commemoration was the first since the invasion to pass without significant violence . In Baghdad , Shiite pilgrims and security forces were among the targets of gunfire and more bombs , which left 10 dead and 17 wounded in six separate incidents , police said . Back in Falluja , bombs destroyed two houses belonging to police officers on the city 's east side -- and when onlookers gathered around the homes , which were empty at the time , a second bomb exploded , police said . That blast left four people dead and 14 wounded , women and children among them , they said . They 're the latest victims of the fighting that has persisted in Iraq since the final withdrawal of U.S. troops at the end of 2011 . Nearly 6,000 people have been killed so far this year , according to the United Nations . Falluja , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad , was a hotbed of resistance to the U.S. occupation of Iraq . American troops fought two major battles to reclaim the city from insurgents in 2004 .	NEW : Baghdad attacks targeted Shiite pilgrims , security forces Falluja 's mayor was shot to death while visiting a sewage plant Bombings in Falluja , Baghdad and Baquba kill 24 more Nearly 6,000 people have been killed in attacks across Iraq this year , the U.N. says
New York  CNN  -- Horrific new details in the beating death of 4-year-old Myls Dobson emerged Wednesday during the arraignment of his New York caretaker . Kryzie King , 27 , who was indicted last month on 12 felony and misdemeanor charges , including first-degree assault , first-degree assault reckless endangerment and endangering the welfare of a child , pleaded not guilty in Manhattan criminal court . Myls died January 8 after his father , Okee Wade , left the boy in the care of King before Wade went to jail in connection with a fraud case , police said . King told investigators she starved , beat and burned the boy before his death , according to a criminal complaint . King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , did not return calls seeking comment . Assistant District Attorney Nicole Blumberg told the court Wednesday that Myls was a happy , healthy , well-nourished little boy when he arrived at King 's home in mid December 2013 . But when police found Myls in her apartment , the prosecutor said , his body was burned , bruised and cut from head to toe . Blumberg , part of the district 's attorney 's child-abuse unit , told the court that King admitted to police that the child lost between 10 and 20 pounds as she watched him starve . He had n't eaten and barely had any liquid for nearly two weeks before his death , the prosecutor said . In addition , he endured two weeks of torture allegedly at the hands of King , who told police he had been misbehaving . The prosecutor told the court that the physician who performed an autopsy on Myls said no known diseases appeared to cause his death . The medical examiner 's officer determined that Myls sustained injuries to his head , neck , face , abdomen , legs , wrists , ankles , fingers , armpit and testicles , Blumberg told the court . According to the medical examiner , his injuries were at multiple stages of healing and consistent with non-accidental trauma . Additionally , the medical examiner reviewed photographs of objects recovered from King 's home -- including belts with metal ends , wires , a George Foreman grill and an oven rack -- and concluded there were distinct pattern marks on the body consistent with the objects , Blumberg told the court . The investigation by the medical examiner 's office is expected to conclude within the next month , the prosecutor said , adding that all evidence indicated that Myls ' death was caused by King . Blumberg said the district attorney is still investigating murder charges and will likely bring additional charges once autopsy findings are final . Myls was found unconscious and unresponsive on the floor of a bathroom at King 's apartment at the Ritz Plaza , a luxury high-rise in the Hell 's Kitchen section of Manhattan . Myls was later pronounced dead at a hospital . In the final weeks of his brief life , Myls suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence , according to a criminal complaint . King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch on December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . King , who is being held without bail in a medical facility on Riker 's Island , is due back in court March 26 .	Kryzie King , 27 , pleaded not guilty to assault , reckless endangerment , other charges Four-year-old Myls Dobson died after being beaten , burned and starved Prosecutor : Myls was a happy , healthy , well-nourished child when he arrived at King 's home
The baby Amanda Berry gave birth to while she was held captive in a Cleveland home was delivered by another one of the young women in the house , according to a police source familiar with the investigation . The information was corroborated in a police report seen by CNN . When Berry went into labor , Ariel Castro , now charged with kidnapping and rape , grabbed captive Michelle Knight and told her to deliver the baby . The baby was born into a plastic tub or pool to contain the afterbirth and amniotic fluid . When the baby was born , it stopped breathing and everyone started screaming , the source said , citing the girl 's account . Castro allegedly said , "  if that baby dies , I 'm going to kill you . " "  What 's most incredible here is that this girl who knows nothing about childbirth was able to deliver a baby that is now a healthy 6-year-old , " the source said . The three women spent their days and nights captive at 2207 Seymour Avenue , a 1,400-square-foot home in one of Cleveland 's oldest neighborhoods . They went outside only twice in that span -- just "  briefly " at that -- Cleveland public safety director Martin Flask said . More often , the three would be in different rooms , though they interacted occasionally and came to "  rely on each other for survival , " said a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . One thing they could count on was that their alleged captor would never let them out . Castro would often test Berry , Knight and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , the young women he 'd allegedly abducted , by pretending to leave , said the law enforcement source . He 'd return suddenly : If there were indications any of the women had moved , they 'd be disciplined . Years went by . In that time , the women saw their parents on television at vigils held for them , according to the law enforcement source . They got emotional , knowing their loved ones were looking for them . And in time , Knight and DeJesus "  succumbed " to "  their reality , " the law enforcement source said . But "  something must have clicked " for Berry on Monday evening , said Cleveland 's deputy police chief Ed Tomba . She staged a daring escape , and with the help of Castro 's neighbors Charles Ramsey and Angel Cordero , freed herself , her 6-year-old daughter , Knight and DeJesus . Neighbor who helped Berry an instant Internet star On Wednesday night , Castro , the man who allegedly held them against their will for so many years , was behind bars . He 'll be arraigned Thursday morning on four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape tied to the case , said Victor Perez , chief assistant prosecutor for the city of Cleveland . The women found in his home , meanwhile , are back with family -- the same relatives who cried and struggled but , for the most part , never gave up hope . "  I knew my daughter was out there alive , " said Felix DeJesus , Gina 's father , moments after she arrived Wednesday afternoon at a family home in Cleveland . "  I knew she needed me , and I never gave up . " Survival the key difference from ` House of Horrors ' case Lured into a vehicle , then trapped in a home Knight was 21 on August 22 , 2002 , when Castro lured her into his vehicle along Cleveland 's Lorain Avenue , according to charging documents . Castro took her back to his home on Seymour Avenue , about three miles away , and did n't let her go . In that time , Knight was sexually assaulted repeatedly , the documents state . But soon , she was n't alone . The next year -- on April 21 , 2003 , the eve of her 17th birthday -- Berry experienced the same nightmare scenario . While walking home from her job at Burger King that night , she too took a ride from Castro on Lorain Avenue . Almost exactly a year later , they were joined by DeJesus , then all of 14 years old . Who are Berry , DeJesus and Knight They remained in that hell until Monday evening , when Berry screamed for help . Hearing her cries , Ramsey and Cordero kicked in a door to help her escape . According to Cordero , Berry 's 6-year-old daughter ran out of the house too , wearing only a diaper and a sullied shirt . Police are conducting a DNA test to determine the child 's paternity . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " Berry begged a 911 operator from Ramsey 's house . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " Cleveland police Chief Michael McGrath told NBC 's "  Today " show that the women were bound and that there were "  chains and ropes in the home . " There were no apparent constraints Monday , the law enforcement source with firsthand knowledge of the investigation said . Yet Knight and DeJesus did n't run out of the house with Berry although they could have , the source said , describing them as brainwashed and fearful . ` Ariel kept everybody at a distance ' So how did this all happen in an urban neighborhood ? Did Castro , a former school bus driver and upbeat and "  outgoing " musician , according to one bandmate , keep such a secret from not only his neighbors but his family , as police allege ? Timeline : From missing to liberated Soon after the three women were found , Castro and two of his brothers who were with him were taken into custody . Over the next two days , authorities officials "  found no facts to link " Onil and Pedro Castro to the kidnappings -- though both brothers will appear in Cleveland Municipal Court on Thursday related to outstanding warrants on misdemeanor cases on other matters . "  Ariel kept everybody at a distance , " Tomba said of the suspect , explaining why even his brothers and other family members  Castro talked on Facebook about having five grandchildren  apparently were in the dark . Castro has been talking to investigators since Tuesday , as have the three young women police say he kidnapped and raped . After those conversations , Tomba said he does n't believe there are other victims -- including Ashley Summers , who was 14 when she went missing in the same part of Cleveland in 2007 -- or anyone other than Castro involved . And since Monday , law enforcement personnel have combed through Castro 's Seymour Avenue home -- which Tomba said was in "  disarray " when officers first went in -- and removed more than 200 items that they hope will let them piece together what happened . Additionally , FBI agents searched a boarded-up home two doors down after obtaining information over the past few days tying that building to the case , the deputy police chief explained . Second-guessing if more could have been done As they investigate , authorities are facing second-guessing as to whether any of this could have been prevented . Some comes from neighbors who say they contacted police about suspicious activity on Castro 's property such as reports of screaming and naked women in his backyard . Authorities say they never got any such calls . In fact , police say they had only been to Castro 's house twice , once after he called about a fight on his street and in 2004 to investigate an incident in which he was accused of leaving a child alone on a bus . No one answered at the home , and investigators later interviewed him elsewhere , police said . Police deny neighbors called about suspicious activity And according to court documents from 2005 , Castro 's former common-law wife accused him of repeatedly abusing her , including breaking her nose twice , breaking two ribs , dislocating her shoulder twice and knocking out a tooth . A judge granted a protection order but lifted it three months later . Tomba , for one , said he does n't think authorities dropped the ball . "  I 'm just very , very confident  that  law enforcement officers ... checked every single lead , and if there was one bit of evidence  they would have  followed it up very , very aggressively , " he said . "  In hindsight , we may find out that maybe we did , but that 's going to be in hindsight . " Neighbors feel ` fooled ' by Cleveland abduction suspect Relief , joy as victims reunite with family For the first time in years , relatives of Berry , DeJesus and Knight -- whom Perez described Wednesday as "  safe and healthy " -- do n't have only memories to fall back on . They can look forward , and move on with their lives . Barbara Knight told "  Today " that , as of Wednesday , she still had n't talked with her daughter Michelle . Michelle Knight , now 32 , was then in a Cleveland hospital in a good condition . "  She 's probably angry at the world , because she thought she would never be found , " Barbara Knight said . "  But thank God that somebody did . " Asked what she would tell her daughter , her mother said , "  I love you and I missed you all this time . " Well-wishers welcomed Berry and her daughter on Wednesday to a family home in Cleveland that was decorated with balloons and stuffed animals . "  We are so happy to have Amanda and her daughter home , " said her sister , Beth Serrano . A similar scene played out at a DeJesus family home , where relatives embraced their long-lost relative . Sandra Ruiz said that her niece , DeJesus , is "  ecstatic " to be back with her relatives . When the now 23-year-old arrived at the house , "  she was happy , she looked at the house and she wanted a tour . " "  What more can she say -- her face , her expression , her smile ,  her  hugging says it all . "	Police : When the baby was born , it stopped breathing "  Something must have clicked " to spur Amanda Berry to escape , police say 2 women , who were brainwashed and fearful , did n't run with Berry , a source says "  Ariel kept everybody at a distance , " police say , adding others were n't involved
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The chairman of India 's UB Group , which includes Bangalore-based Kingfisher Airlines and United Breweries , made the winning $ 1.8 million bid on a number of Mahatma Gandhi 's personal items on auction . Mahatma Gandhi was known for his peaceful opposition to tyranny , which led to India 's independence . Vijay Mallya was expected to return the items to the Indian government , according to CNN-IBN , CNN 's sister station in India . Controversy surrounded the sale Thursday of Gandhi 's items -- among them his metal-rimmed glasses , pocket watch , sandals , bowl and plate -- prompting the seller , James Otis , to ask that the items be withdrawn from the auction . India voiced strong objections to the auction . Its Ministry of External Affairs said the bidding would "  commercialize and thereby demean the memory of the Father of the Nation and everything that he stood for in his life , beliefs and actions . " On Tuesday , a New Delhi court issued an injunction to stop the sale . Watch the auction stoke high interest " But the Antiquorum auction house in Manhattan went ahead with the auction as scheduled . The Indian government had rejected an offer from Otis , who had asked the Indian government to expand its spending on the poor in exchange for the items . India 's government already spends a large amount of money on the country 's disadvantaged sectors , India 's culture minister Ambika Soni told reporters Thursday . Still , the government had hoped Otis would not allow the public to bid on the items . Soni , the culture minister , said that India 's government exercised several options to stop the auction at the Antiquorum in New York . Gandhi , who waged a long struggle against British rule in India , was assassinated in New Delhi by a Hindu fanatic on January 30 , 1948 . He is still widely revered for his insistence on non-violent protest to achieve political and social progress . Many Indians believe selling Gandhi 's items for profit is outrageous . "  I feel very sad about it because Gandhi himself never believed in private possessions , " said Varsha Das , director of India 's National Gandhi Museum , using a term of endearment for Gandhi . "  He gave away everything . He did not even have a home to live in . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Mallya expected to return items to Indian government , CNN-IBN reports India 's Ministry of External Affairs : Bidding would "  commercialize " Gandhi 's memory Controversy prompted seller James Otis to ask that items be withdrawn from auction
CNN  -- In the black market of prison life , cell phones have become perhaps the hottest commodity . Now , Texas is among a growing number of state governments going after them . Hundreds of contraband cell phones were found behind bars or in transit to Texas inmates in 2008 . Tiny , easy to hide and an unmonitored link for convicts to the outside world , cell phones are valuable contraband , fetching a greater asking price from convicts than some shipments of illegal drugs . John Moriarty , inspector general for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said that one phone can fetch as much as $ 2,000 . "  It takes one crooked prison worker to populate a whole prison unit with them , " he said . More than 1,200 wireless phones sit in law enforcement evidence rooms , all found behind bars or in transit to Texas inmates in 2008 . Moriarty is the investigator and bloodhound the state of Texas uses to trail the illegal traffic . "  These are not stupid people , " he said of the coordinated efforts to slip phones into the prison and hide them . "  There are a lot of hands in between and they all want a piece of the action . " Accomplices on the outside vary from family members , to friends to fellow criminals who buy or steal the phones and charge them with minutes . The contraband is then moved through an elaborate series of drop points and usually ferried into the walls of a prison by a guard or trustee -- an escape engineered in reverse . Finding the dirty prison employee is often the key . "  Some of these guys make next to nothing , so you can see how easy it could be to corrupt them , " Moriarty said . State Sen. John Whitmire , a Houston Democrat and the chair of the state senate 's Criminal Justice Committee , became an ally of Moriarty 's after one phone call in October . He picked up a phone slip from his secretary and called the number on it -- only to realize he had returned a call to a death row inmate 's cell phone . The inmate , he said , was Richard Tabler -- a convicted double murderer who was sharing a wireless phone with nine other inmates . "  At first I thought it was a hoax , " said Whitmire , who said he called the state justice board and "  read them the riot act . " Whitmire is one of the sponsors of a bill in the Texas Legislature that would crack down on convicts caught with phones and allow prison systems to monitor and detect cell signals . It 's en route to Gov. Rick Perry 's desk after clearing both houses of the legislature this week . Other efforts are under way at both the state and federal level . In January , U.S. Rep. Kevin Brady , a Texas Republican , introduced legislation that would let prisons jam cell-phone signals within their walls . Last month , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley asked the federal government for permission to do so in his state . Prison officials in Arizona are training dogs to sniff out cell phones .	Texas is among a growing number of states going after contraband cell phones Savvy inmates , outside accomplices , corrupt guards make problem a thorny one Bill cracking down on contraband phones clears Texas Legislature Other states training dogs to sniff out phones , seeking feds ' help in jamming signals
CNN  -- An estimated 125,000 Western lowland gorillas are living in a swamp in equatorial Africa , researchers reported Tuesday , double the number of the endangered primates thought to survive worldwide . Forest clearings draw large numbers of Western lowland gorillas searching for food . "  It 's pretty astonishing , " Hugo Rainey , one of the researchers who conducted the survey for the U.S.-based Wildlife Conservation Society , told CNN Tuesday . The last census on the species , carried out during the 1980s , estimated that there were only 100,000 of the gorillas left worldwide . Since then , the researchers estimated , the numbers had been cut in half . WCS survey teams conducted the research in 2006 and 2007 , traveling to the remote Lac Tele Community Reserve in northern Republic of Congo , a vast area of swamp forest . Acting on a tip from hunters who indicated the presence of gorillas , Rainey said that the researchers trekked on foot through mud for three days to the outskirts of Lac Tele , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the nearest road . "  When we went there , we found an astonishing amount of gorillas , " said Rainey , speaking from the International Primatological Society Congress in Edinburgh , Scotland . Though researchers did spot some gorillas , they based their estimate on the number of gorilla nests found at the site , Rainey said . Each gorilla makes a nest to sleep in at night . "  This is the highest-known density of gorillas that 's ever been found , " Rainey said . Watch a glimpse of gorilla life in African swamp " Western lowland gorillas are listed as critically endangered , the highest threat category for a species . Their populations are declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola hemorrhagic fever , whose symptoms include diarrhea , vomiting and internal and external bleeding . Take a closer look at the Western lowland gorilla " While the discovery in northern Congo indicates that the gorilla population remains stable in some areas , it is likely that gorillas will remain critically endangered because the threats facing the species are so great , Rainey said . iReport.com : Share photos and video of gorillas in zoos or the wild "  We know very little about Ebola and how it spreads , " he said . "  We do n't even know the animal that spreads it around . " The goal now , Rainey said , is to work with the Congolese government and donors to protect the areas in which the gorillas are known to be living . Western lowland gorillas , which are found in Cameroon , the Central African Republic , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and Nigeria as well as the Republic of Congo , are the most numerous and wide-ranging of the four gorilla subspecies , each of which is threatened by extinction , the WCS says . See where the gorillas live " Illegal hunting and habitat loss have also threatened the Cross River gorillas , found in the highlands of Cameroon and Nigeria . Only about 250 to 300 are estimated to remain in the world , the WCS says . War , habitat loss , poaching and disease are the major threats to the mountain gorillas , made famous by researcher Dian Fossey and the film "  Gorillas in the Mist . " The mountain gorilla population is starting to recover after decades of conservation work . From a population of around 230 in the 1970s , the mountain gorillas now number around 700 , the WCS says . Poaching and war have also threatened populations of Grauer 's gorillas in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , the former Zaire . The WCS estimates their population to be around 16,000 . News of the discovery of the Western lowland gorillas in northern Congo comes the same week as a report that almost 50 percent of the world 's primates are in danger of extinction . Watch what gorilla expert thinks of find " The report , also delivered to the Edinburgh conference , cites habitat loss and hunting as the greatest threats . The situation is especially dire in Asia , where the report says more than 70 percent of monkeys , apes , and other primates are classified as vulnerable , endangered , or critically endangered . Conservation International and the International Union for Conservation of Nature issued the report .	Researchers feared only around 50,000 Western lowland gorillas left worldwide Now 125,000 primates have been discovered in northern Congo Population declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola Expert : This is the highest-known density of gorillas that 's ever been found
San Diego  CNN  -- The cast and directors of the upcoming "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " appeared this weekend at Comic-Con in San Diego to preview the film and reveal new footage . The movie , scheduled for release on April 4 , was directed by brothers Joe and Anthony Russo and is meant to bridge the gap between "  The Avengers " and its 2015 sequel . The footage screened to fans in Hall H reveals the superhero adjusting the modern world and presents Captain America with some new and dangerous challenges compared with the original "  Captain America " film , which was set in the 1940s . "  The movie is very different in tone from the first one , " Joe Russo said during a news conference after the panel . "  The first 's one is kind of a love letter to the Captain of that time period . The Captain is now in the modern world and the film is a political thriller . In order to be germane to that tone , we wanted the movie to be modern and edgy and aggressive . "  You ca n't have thrills in the thriller unless the characters are in a real state of jeopardy . So Captain goes through a lot in this film . It 's action-heavy and a very intense movie . " The directors wo n't reveal too much of the plot , but there are several new characters . Anthony Mackie plays Falcon , an ally of Captain America  Chris Evans  . Details : The Avengers and their sequels "  Cap is looking for a friend in the modern world , " Russo said . "  He 's sort of lost . " Robert Redford , playing a mysterious S.H.I.E.L.D. agent , appeared in the footage screened on Saturday , and Emily VanCamp was on hand to  sort of  discuss her character , Agent 13 . "  I ca n't reveal too much about the character , " VanCamp said . "  I think people have a certain idea of what I 'm meant to be playing , but I think you 'll be surprised at how we use this character . Compared to other characters I 've done , it was certainly a challenging experience and an exciting experience . " The central point of the film seems to be a friendship between Captain America and Black Widow  Scarlett Johansson  , who initially joined forces in "  The Avengers . " "  The hurdle of Captain America is that his nature is to put himself last , " Evans said . "  The first Captain America film is about getting the opportunity to serve , the opportunity to lead , to a soldier . I think he 's so determined to do what 's right . The conflict with this modern society as opposed to the '40s is in the '40s , it was easy to say ` the Nazis are the bad guys . ' Today it 's a little bit harder to know ` who am I serving ? ' "  It 's not about doing the right thing , it 's about ` what is the right thing ? ' We get to see Captain struggling with that . That 's where his relationship with Black Widow comes to fruition . She 's someone who has had to compromise her morals and not live in black and white , and I think as a result -- I ca n't say too much -- something happens . These two people from different worlds need to rely on each other . " ` Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D ' debuts pilot Sebastian Stan plays the titular Winter Soldier , an altered version of his character Bucky Barnes from the first "  Captain America " film . Here Stan is now the villain . The actor said the character deals with similar challenges as his foe in dealing with the modern world . "  In a sense , he 's very similar to  Captain America  , " Stan said . "  He 's another lost man in this new world . As we know , the journey for him is then just discovering his own identity and his role in this new world , in his own way . "	"  Captain America " sequel footage revealed at Comic-Con Directors say film brings hero into the modern world Scarlett Johansson and Emily VanCamp join cast
CNN  -- A tip from a television viewer led to the arrest of a Florida man accused of killing four of his family members on Thanksgiving Day , authorities said early Sunday . Paul M. Merhige is accused of fatally shooting his twin sisters , a 6-year-old cousin and a 79-year-old aunt at a family home in Jupiter , Florida , on November 26 . One of his sisters was pregnant . Authorities say Merhige also wounded two other family members . A viewer of "  America 's Most Wanted " recognized descriptions of Merhige and his car , authorities said at a news conference early Sunday . Officers immediately responded to the tip late Saturday , surrounding a small motel in the Middle Keys , part of the Florida Keys . Merhige , who had apparently been at the Monroe County motel since December 2 , did not resist apprehension by U.S. marshals , authorities said . It was not immediately clear whether he was armed when marshals burst into his motel room , more than 200 miles from Jupiter . Merhige made a first appearance in a West Palm Beach , Florida , court later Sunday morning in a hearing that lasted only minutes , according to CNN affiliate WPTV . He is charged with four counts of premeditated murder and attempted first-degree murder . Asked by the judge if he had anything to say , Merhige declined comment , WPTV said . His next court appearance is scheduled for February 1 . He will be held without bond at the Palm Beach County jail . Jim Sitton , father of 6-year-old Makayla , who was killed , told CNN affiliate WPTV late Saturday that he would "  sleep a little better tonight . " "  I wo n't be patrolling my house with a shotgun , looking for the monster . ... I 've been in protective mode , " he said . "  This does n't bring Makayla back . I 'm not jumping for joy . Her room is still empty . But the monster is in a cage now . " The "  America 's Most Wanted " tipster told authorities that Merhige had checked into the Edgewater Lodge motel under the name John Baca and provided an address in Homestead , Florida , according to a news release from police in Jupiter , Florida . No one at the motel was immediately available for comment , but its Web site included photos of waterfront rooms , efficiencies and townhouses starting at $ 89 a night . Merhige had paid cash at least two weeks in advance , the U.S. Marshals Service said in a news release . He was on a computer when marshals burst into his second-story room . Merhige had tried to disguise his 2007 Blue Toyota Camry with a car cover and had switched its vehicle tag with one from another car he 'd owned , the statement said . He also had shaved his head in an attempt to disguise his identity , the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office said . Last month , the marshals added Merhige to their list of the Top 15 most-wanted fugitives . A total of $ 100,000 was offered as a reward for information leading to Merhige 's arrest , the sheriff 's office said , and the tipster may be entitled to it . The agency also released some distinguishing characteristics about Merhige , saying he was known to either fake or display symptoms of obsessive compulsive disorder , such as frequent bathing and shaving , and difficulty making decisions . He also had faked or displayed symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome , and taken several prescription drugs for the ailments , the agency said .	Viewer tip led to arrest of man suspected of fatally shooting four relatives on Thanksgiving Paul Michael Merhige arrested late Saturday at Florida motel Tipster told authorities Merhige had checked into motel under assumed name
CNN  Kanye West is on an apology spree . In a series of tweets , West reached out to singers Beck and Bruno Mars to express remorse over his well-documented disses . "  I would like to publicly apologize to Beck . I 'm sorry Beck , " West tweeted Thursday night . West turned heads -- and not in a good way -- when he briefly went on stage after Beck won a Grammy for Album of the Year . In an interview after the show this month , West asked Beck "  to respect artistry " and give the award to Beyonce . Though West did not grab Beck 's microphone like he 's done in the past , his brief stunt was similar to a 2009 incident when he stormed the stage during the VMAs and declared Beyonce should have won an award instead of Taylor Swift . West and Swift appeared to put it behind them , hugging it out at this month 's Grammys . Bruno Mars got more than an apology Thursday . "  I used to hate on him but I really respect what he does as an artist , " West tweeted . West then asked him to sing a hook on a song that he co-produced . There was no immediate response from Bruno Mars or Beck .	"  I would like to publicly apologize to Beck . I 'm sorry Beck , " he says Bruno Mars got more than an apology
Editor 's note : Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune . Read his column here Ruben Navarrette says people should n't blame their failures on competition from illegal immigrants . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Here 's the good news : Authorities say that fewer illegal immigrants are crossing the U.S.-Mexican border . The Los Angeles Times recently reported that arrests along the U.S.-Mexico border in the last five months are down 24 percent from the same period last year . At the current rate , the level of apprehension this year could be the lowest since 1975 . A big reason is the frightful U.S. economy . After all , you do n't often see people trying to break into a house when the house is on fire . Some illegal immigrants are even going home to Mexico . But here 's the bad news : There are still plenty of illegal immigrants in the United States who have families here , and they are n't leaving . And apparently those who are here are , because of the bad economy , more threatening than ever to those low-skilled U.S. workers who have to compete with them . And now this issue has become part of the debate over the economic stimulus law recently signed by President Obama . Researchers at The Heritage Foundation and the Center for Immigration Studies  which favors limiting all immigration , even the legal kind  estimate that illegal immigrants could fill as many as 300,000 construction jobs . That 's about 15 percent of the 2 million jobs that new taxpayer-financed projects are expected to create . Advocacy groups say there is no way to predict how many jobs might go to illegal immigrants . No matter . The topic is grist for talk radio and those blood-pressure-raising curmudgeons on cable TV . Why , they ask , should American tax dollars go to illegal immigrants ? As if illegal immigrants do n't pay taxes . They do -- sales taxes , property taxes , even income taxes thanks to something called an ITIN  Individual Taxpayer Identification Number  , which Uncle Sam helpfully created to allow those who do n't have valid Social Security numbers to still dread April 15 . Conservatives are miffed that Congress ignored their pleas to require employers who compete for stimulus funds to use the E-verify program . Run by the Department of Homeland Security , that program lets those employers who choose to participate verify the validity of Social Security numbers provided by new hires . But the E-verify system needs to have its own accuracy verified . According to the Wall Street Journal , in 2007 , DHS commissioned an independent study of the program , which found that "  the database used for verification is still not sufficiently up to date to meet the requirements for accurate verification . " The error rate was almost 10 percent . Someone using a valid Social Security card that does n't belong to him would go undetected . Oh , is that all ? I understand that there is a larger issue here . As I 've said for the last 15 years of writing about immigration , those who hire illegal immigrants should be prosecuted and jailed . But , in those cases where illegal immigrants squeak by and wind up on the job , U.S. workers have to compete with them , like it or not . And that brings me to what really bothers me about this controversy . It 's a sad state of affairs when people who were born in this , the freest and most prosperous country on Earth -- instantly becoming U.S. citizens , no less -- with a free education and every other opportunity to improve their lives find themselves afraid to compete with a group of people who do n't have legal status , often ca n't speak English , and usually have no more than a 6th-grade education . My fellow Americans , stop your trembling . Show some dignity . If you do n't like competing with illegal immigrants , try making better choices . Stop feeling sorry for yourself . Turn off those TV shows that constantly bash globalization and immigration . Go back to school . Get more training . Move out of the comfort zone of your hometown to take a job in another state , if necessary . Take responsibility for your own life . And stop thinking the world owes you a living . That was the "  tough love " message I shared with the construction worker who called into a Las Vegas , Nevada , radio show about a year ago to complain that construction firms on the Strip were paying the same wage they were 20 years earlier . The caller blamed illegal immigrants , who he said were keeping wages low . It 's interesting that he did n't blame the companies that employed the firms , or the firms themselves . And of course , he never thought to look in the mirror and blame himself for not taking steps to improve his skills in the last 20 years . Maybe he could have gone into a different line of work long ago . He decided not to . I suppose illegal immigrants were to blame for that , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Critics of stimulus plan say it will employ illegal immigrants He says critics are upset that the E-verify program wo n't be used to check in hiring Navarrette says those who hire illegal immigrants should be jailed He says immigrants are n't to blame for Americans ' economic failures
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and four city councilmen were fined for ethics violations for receiving gifts worth more than $ 100 and tickets to Hollywood 's hottest awards shows , the city ethics commission voted Tuesday . Villaraigosa was fined $ 20,849 by the city commission . He had earlier been fined $ 21,000 by the state 's Fair Political Practice Commission . In a statement , Villaraigosa said his failure to report admission to 34 of the 3,000 civic events he attended between 2005 and 2010 was "  unintentional . " He believed the tickets were n't gifts , he said . He noted the penalties were below the maximum and that he cooperated with the investigations . "  While appreciating that the Fair Political Practices Commission and city Ethics Commission concluded this was ` unintentional ' and that I acted in ` good faith , ' I am fully accountable . It is my responsibility to make sure I act in strict compliance with the applicable rules , " the mayor said in a statement . "  I will continue to attend these events and have taken the necessary steps to ensure full compliance in the future , " he added . Councilman Eric Garcetti was fined $ 4,800 for accepting tickets to the 2007 Emmy Awards and the 2007 and 2008 Oscars . "  While I paid the full cost of the awards show tickets , " Garcetti said , "  I messed up when it came to the dinners afterward . That 's my mistake , and I 'm personally paying for the cost of these three dinners now to clear it up . " The city ethics commission fined Councilman Herb Wesson $ 3,900 for accepting tickets to the BET Awards in 2007 , 2008 and 2009 . He did n't return messages from CNN . Councilman Tony Cardenas was fined $ 2,500 for accepting tickets to the 2008 Emmy Awards . Cardenas told CNN that he was a member of the Academy of Television Arts and Science , and he accepted the tickets to 2008 Emmy Awards because he thought his membership in the academy justified his attendance . "  The Ethics Commission has concluded that the specific facts of this case , including lack of prior enforcement history , my full cooperation throughout this investigation and my willingness to abide by the commission 's decision have resulted in a penalty below the maximum allowable fines , " Cardenas said . Councilman Jose Huizar was fined $ 2,100 for accepting tickets to the 2007 Academy Awards . "  This infraction occurred in 2007 and was completely unintentional and resulted from a misunderstanding of the city 's gift rules , " said Huizar . "  I take full responsibility and agree with the commission 's recommendation . " The city ethics commission 's vote to fine the five elected officials was unanimous . The fines totaled $ 13,300 . The Oscars were also fined $ 13,250 for giving two tickets worth $ 700 to the mayor for the 2007 Academy Awards and Governors Ball ; two tickets worth $ 2,200 to the mayor for the 2008 Academy Awards and Governors Ball ; a $ 1,100 ticket to the mayor to the 2009 Academy Awards and Governors Ball ; four tickets worth $ 4,400 to the mayor to this year 's Academy Awards and Governors Ball ; and two tickets worth $ 2,200 to Huizar to attend the 2007 Academy Awards and Governors Ball . The city ethics commission also fined the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences , Inc. -- the Grammys -- $ 8,300 for giving the mayor two Grammy tickets worth $ 2,400 in 2008 , one ticket worth $ 1,400 in 2009 and four tickets worth $ 4,800 this year . The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences was fined $ 7,900 for giving two tickets worth $ 2,500 to Garcetti for the 2007 Emmy Awards and Governors Ball at Shrine Auditorium . The fine was also for giving the mayor two tickets worth $ 1,200 for the 2007 Emmy Awards , a $ 600 ticket for the 2008 Emmy Awards and two tickets worth $ 2,600 to the 2009 Emmys and Governors Ball . The Black Entertainment Television Networks was fined $ 3,900 for giving four tickets worth $ 1,400 to Wesson for the 2007 BET Awards , four tickets worth $ 1,400 to Wesson for the 2008 BET Awards and four tickets worth $ 1,400 to Wesson for the 2009 BET Awards . The commission fined Anschutz Entertainment Group $ 799 for giving the mayor two tickets worth $ 239 for a Spice Girls concert at the Staples Center in 2007 , two tickets worth $ 160 for a Los Angeles Lakers game against the Utah Jazz at the Staples Center in 2008 and six tickets worth $ 600 for the ESPY Awards at the Nokia Theater in 2008 .	The five Los Angeles elected officials received tickets to Hollywood 's hottest shows Those shows included the Oscars , the Emmys , the Grammys The show organizations were also fined by the city 's ethics commission
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tensions are running high in the skies between China and Japan -- and the United States is refusing to stay on the sidelines . After Beijing upset the region by declaring a new air defense zone over a large part of the East China Sea , two unarmed U.S. B-52 bombers flew through the area in what the U.S. State Department said was a planned military exercise . The U.S. aircraft ignored China 's new demands that planes that fly through the zone identify themselves and submit flight plans to Chinese authorities -- despite Beijing 's warnings that it could take military measures against aircraft that failed to comply . The delicate situation is a test of how China 's increasingly assertive approach beyond its borders will play out against the U.S. government 's promise to focus more on Asia and uphold commitments to its allies . "  China is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy in light of an anticipated U.S. decline , " Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , director of Asia-Pacific programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace , writes in a commentary for CNN.com this week . The air zone declaration is a clear example of the new approach of Chinese President Xi Jinping , who has been in power for about a year , according to Kleine-Ahlbrandt . "  Unlike his predecessors , Xi is making foreign policy with the mindset of a great power , increasingly probing U.S. commitments to its allies in the region and exploiting opportunities to change the status quo , " she says . But for the time being , the U.S. government is standing its ground in the East China Sea . War of words The United States and Japan have criticized Beijing 's air defense announcement , saying it escalates tensions in the region and raises the risk of an incident . They say they wo n't recognize the new zone . China hit back at those comments with strong words of its own , describing the U.S. and Japanese statements as unreasonable and unacceptable . After news of the U.S. flights emerged , the Chinese defense ministry responded cautiously Wednesday , saying it had monitored the planes ' activity on the edge of the air defense zone . The statement held back from criticizing the U.S. action . At a regular briefing later Wednesday , a journalist asked a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman if Beijing is concerned it will now be seen as a "  paper tiger . " "  I want to emphasize that the Chinese government has enough resolution and capability to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and security , " the spokesman , Qin Gang replied . Simmering dispute The bomber flights are the strongest American involvement yet in a festering territorial dispute in the region between China and Japan over a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea . After China 's air defense declaration Saturday , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel reiterated American support for Japan , where thousands of U.S. troops are stationed as part of a security agreement . He said the U.S. Japan Mutual Defense Treaty applies to the disputed islands , known as Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China . Uneasy encounters between Chinese and Japanese planes and ships have already taken place repeatedly over the past year near the islands , which are believed to have large oil reserves located near them . Tensions spiked after the Japanese government purchased some of the islands from a private owner in September 2012 , angering Chinese authorities , who saw the move as an attempt by Japan to tighten control . Hagel warned that China 's "  unilateral action " of declaring the air defense zone "  increases the risk of misunderstanding and miscalculations . " Amid the tensions , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will visit the region next week on a previously announced trip , stopping in Tokyo , Beijing and Seoul , South Korea . Why China 's new air zone incensed Japan , U.S. Difficult to monitor The U.S. bomber flights Monday also highlight the challenges that analysts say China faces in policing its newly claimed air zone . In its statement Wednesday , the Chinese defense ministry said that "  China has the capability to exercise effective control " over the area . "  Beijing might have bitten off a bit more than they can chew because actually going out and monitoring these things on an ongoing basis is probably a bit beyond the capabilities of the Chinese air force right now , " said Greg Waldron , Asia managing editor of FlightGlobal , an aviation and aerospace industry website . "  In a sense , it 's more a rhetorical statement , as opposed to a realistic military space , " Waldron said . Adding to the complications and confusion surrounding the zone , Japan 's two main commercial airlines said Wednesday that following a request from the Japanese government , they and other members of the Scheduled Airlines Association of Japan will not submit flight plans to Chinese authorities for flights through the zone claimed by Beijing . The two carriers , Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways , said the association had concluded that there would be "  no impact " on the safety of passengers on board flights through the zone without the submission of flight plans to China . But Waldron said he was n't entirely sure about that . From a legal point of view , he said , the airlines probably do n't have to report their plans and follow all the rules requested by China . "  I think from a safety perspective , it 's a good idea for them to do so , " Waldron said . "  Just in case . " ` The right of every country ' Since it declared the new air defense zone at the weekend , China has been busy making its case for why it feels the move was justified . It has pointed out that other countries already operate air defense identification zones in waters around their territory , noting that Japan has had a zone in place in the East China Sea since the 1960s . "  It 's natural , it 's indeed the right of every country to defend its airspace and also to make sure that its territorial integrity , its sovereignty are safeguarded , " China 's U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi said Tuesday . But analysts say that by declaring a zone that now overlaps with that of Japan , China has increased the likelihood of a high-risk incident in the air . South Korea and Australia have also criticized the Chinese announcement . The situation has remained tense around the islands over the past year . Japan has repeatedly scrambled fighter jets in response to Chinese government planes flying near the islands . And ships from the two countries regularly engage in high seas games of cat and mouse in waters around the islands . China slams ` inappropriate ' U.S. remarks on territorial dispute with Japan Aircraft carrier on the move On top of the already strained situation , China 's military announced on its website early Wednesday that its navy 's sole aircraft carrier , the Liaoning , was heading toward the South China Sea . That 's where China has had territorial disputes with other Asian nations including the Philippines and Vietnam . The carrier , which was commissioned in September 2012 and first had aircraft leaving and landing on it two months later , set out from a shipyard in eastern China 's Qingdao city on Tuesday morning , the military said on its website . As with U.S. aircraft carriers , it does n't travel alone : two guided missile destroyers and two guided missile frigates are accompanying the massive ship as part of its group . The Chinese military makes no mention of the dispute with Japan and its ally , the United States . Rather , its website post notes that the carrier group 's mission is to conduct training and tests . But in order to get from Qingdao to the South China Sea , the aircraft carrier group has to first go through the East China Sea . It remained unclear how close it would sail to the disputed islands . "  There are several possible courses for the voyage from Qingdao to the South China Sea and it is not clear which the Liaoning will take , " the state-run newspaper China Daily reported Wednesday . At the same time , U.S. and Japanese forces are due to hold joint naval exercises this week off Okinawa -- a few hundred kilometers from the disputed islands . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Greg Botelho , Madison Park , Steven Jiang , David McKenzie , Junko Ogura and Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	The Chinese military says it identified the U.S. military aircraft U.S. official : B-52s did n't tell Beijing about flights over China 's new air defense zone Washington and Tokyo have criticized Beijing 's declaration of the new zone They say it increases tensions and raises risks of an incident
A previously secret document found at Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan sets out a detailed al Qaeda strategy for attacking targets in Europe and the United States . The document -- a letter written to bin Laden in March 2010 by a senior operational figure in the terror group -- reveals that tunnels , bridges , dams , undersea pipelines and internet cables were among the targets . It was written by Younis al-Mauretani , a senior al Qaeda planner thought to have been behind an ambitious plan to hit "  soft " targets in Europe in the fall of 2010 . The U.S. Department of Justice passed the letter to German prosecutors last year for use in an ongoing trial in Dusseldorf because it possibly refers to one of the defendants , according to the German newspaper Die Zeit , which first broke the story . CNN has obtained details of the document from sources briefed on its contents . The 17-page letter is in Arabic . Al-Mauretani proposed that al Qaeda recruits take jobs with companies transporting gasoline and and other sensitive companies in the West , and await the right moment to strike . He said targets should include tunnels , airports and even "  Love Parades " -- gay and lesbian events held every summer in Germany . He said recruits should infiltrate university courses in the West in key subjects useful to the group including physics and chemistry , so that they could later be re-activated and help the group , according to Die Zeit . He also suggested attaching mines to undersea pipelines using mini-submarines -- and appears to have researched ways to circumvent safety valves on such pipelines . Al Mauretani also proposed that al Qaeda attack financial centers and think-tanks -- specifically mentioning the RAND Corporation , whose headquarters are in California . Asked if it was aware of the threat , a spokesman for RAND told CNN that "  as a matter of policy , the RAND Corporation does not comment on specific security issues or potential threats . " Yassin Musharbash , an investigative reporter with Die Zeit in Berlin , says the document seems "  to support information gleaned from other terror trials that Al Qaeda in 2010 was trying to plan a comprehensive plot against the West , " and al-Mauretani appears to have been bent on "  hitting Europe and the U.S. by targeting critical infrastructure and economic targets . " Some of al-Mauretani 's ideas may seem far-fetched , but they underline al Qaeda 's continuing fascination with bringing down airliners . He proposed that men recruited into the Yemeni al Qaeda affiliate AQAP become pilots with airlines , and then drug their co-pilots before flying the plane into a target . One target he identified was the massive petrochemical facility at Abqaiq in Saudi Arabia . Al Mauretani suggested that Osama bin Laden signal the go-ahead for attacks in Europe with a public message that al Qaeda 's patience with Europe had run out . And he had a clear sense of how to finance attacks , saying that al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  had "  millions " and its leaders trusted him , according to Die Zeit . Mauretani himself was originally from Mauritania in north-west Africa . Sources briefed on the contents of the letter told CNN that al-Mauretani wrote that al Qaeda Central in Pakistan could only cover the starting costs of the operation against Europe and additional costs would have to be covered by AQIM and others . Analysts tell CNN al-Mauretani 's call for the various nodes of al Qaeda to work together was emblemmatic of a shift within the terrorist network towards greater coordination and pooling of resources . Phone call links Benghazi attack to al Qaeda commander Al-Mauretani added that AQIM had a "  great deal of trust " in him , according to the sources . According to analysts the North African operative paved the way for direct cooperation between AQIM and al Qaeda 's senior leadership in the late 2000s after he travelled to Pakistan . In late 2011 Moktar Belmoktar , then a senior figure in AQIM , told a Mauritanian journalist that al-Mauretani was the "  first direct contact between us and our brothers in Al-Qaeda . " Bin Laden appears to have liked the ideas in al-Mauretani 's letter , and assigned them high priority . Other documents found at his Pakistani compound in Abbottabad suggest he forwarded it to at least one other senior figure in al Qaeda . In around June 2010 , bin Laden wrote to senior Libyan operative Atiyah abd al Rahman , then al Qaeda 's head of operations in Waziristan , instructing him to tell the leaders of the al Qaeda affiliates AQIM in North Africa and AQAP in Yemen to "  put forward their best in cooperating " with al-Mauretani "  in whatever he asks of them . " "  Hint to the brothers in the Islamic Maghreb that they provide him with the financial support that he might need in the next six months , to the tune of approximately 200,000 euros , " bin Laden wrote . CNN has learned the document was sent to German prosecutors by the Justice Department after they had asked for any information the United States might have about three men from the Dusseldorf area charged with planning an attack in Germany on behalf of al Qaeda in April 2011 . CNN asked the Justice Department about the document but has so far received no comment . According to Die Zeit , the reason the letter was relayed to the Germans was because al-Mauretani mentions a Moroccan in the document with exactly the same date of birth as Abdeladim el-K , who prosecutors claim was the ringleader of the alleged Dusseldorf cell and trained with al Qaeda in Pakistan in 2010 . Sources briefed on the contents of the document told CNN that al-Mauretani appears to suggest the Moroccan should travel to join up with militants in Somalia if his mission failed . Sources say three FBI officials will testify at the trial in Dusseldorf Wednesday on the authenticity of the document . Defense lawyers say they have "  fundamental doubts " about the document . As for al-Mauretani , he is unlikely to have any role in bringing his terror plans to fruition . He was picked up by Pakistani police in Quetta in August 2011 and remains in detention . Pakistani authorities appear to have uncovered some of his terror plans . In announcing his arrest a month later , they stated : al-Mauretani "  was tasked personally by Osama bin Laden to focus on hitting targets of economical importance in United States of America , Europe and Australia , including gas pipelines , power generating dams and oil tankers . " Several of al-Mauretani 's western recruits -- trained in the tribal territories of Pakistan -- have been arrested on their return home . American al Qaeda recruit Bryant Neal Vinas testified at his trial that that he had drawn a map for al-Mauretani in mid-2008 , showing Long Island Railroad lines . Al-Mauretani had decided the best scheme would be to launch a suicide bombing on a train as it entered a tunnel . And he told Vinas that preferably a white operative with Western travel documents would be tasked to carry out the attack . In 2010 , al-Mauretani was seen as the mastermind of planned attacks in Europe . Fears that such attacks would materialize led the U.S. State Department to issue a travel alert in October 2010 . Sources briefed on the letter told CNN that al-Mauretani requested bin Laden issue a statement saying al Qaeda 's patience with Europe had run out following the al Qaeda leader 's previous offering of a conditional truce , and that his statement needed to be choreographed with an attack shortly afterwards . "  We ask you undertake certain steps in order to threaten Europe before the attacks happen . And these steps should be in synch with the preparations of those attacks . Inform Europe that patience has come to an end , as has our hope that they end their campaign against us . Also -LSB- make clear -RSB- that they have not understood our message thus far . One or two weeks after that we will strike ... and then we will threaten them again . After we hit Europe we will hit America , so we isolate the Americans , " the sources said al-Mauretani wrote in the letter . Die Zeit 's Musharbash says al-Mauretani 's blueprint "  has very likely little operational value now . But certain ideas may have trickled down and may still be alive elsewhere in the network . " READ RELATED : Opinion : Strange bedfellows -- Iran and al Qaeda	It was written by Younis al-Mauretani , a senior al Qaeda planner He is believed to have been behind an ambitious plan to hit "  soft " targets in Europe He proposed that al Qaeda recruits take jobs with companies transporting gasoline
CNN  -- On June 17 , 1964 , President Lyndon Johnson explained to The New York Times reporter James "  Scotty " Reston why he had to stay the course in Vietnam by stabilizing the South Vietnamese government so that it could fight communism . Johnson rejected calls for withdrawal that were being made by liberal Democrats as well as the proposal for neutralization promoted by France 's Charles de Gaulle . "  So the only thing you 've got left , " Johnson said , "  is try to make this thing more efficient and more effective and hold as strong as you can and keep this government as stable as you can and try to improve it as you can and that we 're doing day and night . " During his recent speech at West Point , President Obama rejected the lessons that these kinds of stories tell us about Afghanistan . The president , saying that the comparison with Vietnam relies on a "  false reading of history , " pointed to three differences . The first is that the U.S. is now part of a broad international coalition . The second is that in Vietnam the U.S. faced a "  broad-based popular insurgency " whereas today , according to most polls , a large number of Afghans support foreign assistance . Last , Obama added , is that today Americans are responding to a very real threat that began with the vicious attack on 9/11 . Clearly , Obama feels defensive about this analogy and hopes to undercut liberal critics who are frustrated and disappointed with his decision . In trying to separate himself from the experience of Johnson , however , Obama did not give an accurate account of what many commentators have been saying recently , and he downplayed crucial aspects of the 1960s that do in fact offer warnings for today . Mark Twain once said that history does not repeat itself , but it rhymes . Most of those who have compared Afghanistan to Vietnam do not say that the situations were exactly the same politically or strategically . Nor is it inevitable that the surge in Afghanistan will be unsuccessful . The point of the comparison is that it is impossible to ignore the fact that Obama faces similar challenges , as did Johnson when the "  Americanization " of Vietnam began in the spring of 1965 . Both presidents entered the war despite the fact that many top advisers in the White House and in Congress were strongly warning against escalation . In 1964 , Johnson heard from voices ranging from Idaho liberal Frank Church to Georgia hawk Richard Russell that Vietnam was not critical to fighting communism and that the war was unwinnable . Their warnings proved to be accurate . Going into this decision , Obama heard comparable criticism as well . Both presidents also expanded the war just as they were trying to shape a broad domestic agenda . Johnson was much further ahead of the game when he increased the number of ground troops in the war that he inherited . The war devastated Johnson 's domestic efforts . Obama faces the same threat . Both wars have been justified as wars of necessity . With Vietnam , proponents warned that the fall of Southeast Asia to communism would vastly strengthen the Soviet Union and China . In an era when American schoolchildren were being taught to duck and cover under their desks in case of nuclear war , this warning about Vietnam also made the war seem essential . Today , the necessity stems from the claim that failure would resurrect the dangers we faced before 9/11 . And both presidents escalated wars where the path to victory and the potential costs -- in terms of human capital and budgetary obligations -- were unclear . Despite the fact that Johnson confronted a very different kind of enemy , the risk today is enormously high . In Afghanistan , the U.S. is dealing with a war front that is notoriously treacherous , as the Soviets learned in the 1980s and the U.S. has learned since 2001 . The U.S. is also depending on a highly corrupt and undependable government in Afghanistan . While the promise of withdrawal in July 2011 might be accurate , presidential assurances of benchmarks and end games historically do n't come true . The one constant in warfare is that it is unpredictable and difficult to control . One day after Obama 's speech , Defense Secretary Robert Gates indicated that the deadline was not firm . And the administration might very well be handcuffing itself to a strategy of more warfare as it keeps offering grave warnings about what a victory by the Taliban would mean . These warnings will make it difficult in the long run for the administration to contain the operation or to withdraw forces unless it is absolutely clear that the Taliban has been defeated . Democrats could find themselves feeling like their predecessors in the 1950s who were under political pressure to abide by the containment arguments outlined by President Harry Truman with the Truman Doctrine in 1947 -- first with Korea in 1950 and then with Vietnam . Obama should not be so defensive about the comparisons with Vietnam . Rather , he should use Johnson 's experience to help guide him as he makes crucial decisions in the months ahead and attempts to navigate the challenges of the wartime presidency . In a conversation with a few of his closest advisers , Johnson said in 1964 that "  It 's damned easy to get in a war but it 's gon na be awfully hard to ever extricate yourself if you get in . " In 1965 , Johnson made the mistake of excluding those who were trying to warn him about the dangers of the war . Let 's hope that this time around Obama does not repeat this error . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Zelizer : Some Vietnam-Afghanistan comparisons have merit It is impossible to ignore the challenges Obama faces in Afghanistan , he says Zelizer : Obama should use lessons of Vietnam as a guide
CNN  -- A Sudanese Christian woman who was sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her faith -- and then released -- has been charged on two criminal counts after trying to leave the African country for the United States , her legal team said Wednesday . Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , who was detained with her American husband , Daniel Wani , and their two children at an airport in Khartoum on Tuesday , is accused of traveling with falsified documents and giving false information , according to her legal team . The family is currently being held in a Khartoum police station and has been refused bail . Ibrahim 's legal team told CNN that Daniel Wani is being held as an accessory . The family was stopped at the airport after what Ibrahim 's lawyers described Tuesday as an alleged "  irregularity with her documentation . " Ibrahim has a U.S. visa and was headed to the United States with her family , her legal team said . The U.S. State Department said Tuesday that Ibrahim and her family had been "  temporarily detained at the airport " for questioning over issues relating to their travel and documentation . "  They have not been arrested . The government has assured us of their safety , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said then . Harf said that the U.S. Embassy "  has been and will remain highly involved in working with the family and the government , " saying "  we are engaging directly with Sudanese officials to secure their safe and swift departure from Sudan . " Sudanese authorities said Ibrahim had been detained because of the documents she submitted . Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services said that she had South Sudanese travel documents , despite not being a citizen of South Sudan , and she was heading to the United States , which is not her native country . "  This was considered illegal by the Sudanese authorities , who have summoned both the U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors , " the agency said in a message posted on its media Facebook page early Wednesday . The airport detention came a day after Ibrahim 's legal team announced the 27-year-old woman had been released from prison after weeks of international controversy over her conviction on apostasy and adultery charges . According to her lawyer , the case began when one of Ibrahim 's relatives , a Muslim , filed a criminal complaint saying her family was shocked to find out she had married Wani , a Christian , after she was missing for several years . The Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim , but she said she was a Christian and never practiced Islam . She was charged with adultery , because a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan , and with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith .	Meriam Yehya Ibrahim faces criminal charges after being stopped at Khartoum airport She is accused of traveling with falsified documents and giving false information Sudanese authorities summon the U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors Ibrahim had been sentenced to death for apostasy , then released on appeal
CNN  -- As the developing world becomes more developed , the rise in prosperity in these countries could also result in the rise of a lethal infectious disease -- tuberculosis  TB  . Changes in diets and lifestyles are taking place across emerging economies , particularly as more people move to urban settings to earn a living . The changes are resulting in higher rates of diseases such as type-2 diabetes . The condition decreases the body 's ability to produce insulin and absorb glucose from the bloodstream and affected 382 million globally in 2013 . The International Diabetes Federation predicts that over 70 % of type-2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed with the adoption of healthier lifestyles . Worryingly , diabetes also triples the risk a person will develop TB . Nine million people developed TB in 2013 and 1.5 million died from the disease , according to the World Health Organization . Today , increasing numbers of people affected by diabetes could hamper efforts to control new TB infections . Concern was raised in a recent report published by the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Diseases and the World Diabetes Foundation , warning of a burgeoning co-epidemic of the two diseases . Reduced immunity Infection with TB does not always lead to someone developing the disease as the bacteria can hide and lie dormant within the immune system -- known as latent infection . On average , people have a 10 % chance of an infection progressing to the active form of the disease . But when the integrity of your immune system is compromised , this chance increases . "  Diabetes reduces peoples immunity , " says Dr. Anthony Harries , senior adviser to the International Union . The same biology underlies the interaction between TB and HIV , which attacks and destroys your immune system . "  Globally we have about 2 billion people with latent TB , " says Harries . "  Put diabetes into that equation and you immediately see there is a problem . " TB is an airborne disease spread via symptoms such as coughing . It has long been a disease associated with poverty , with those affected often residing in the slums and townships of high-burden countries such as India and South Africa . In contrast , diabetes is a condition once linked to the affluent , as diets high in fat and sugar are one of the causes underlying the development of the disease . But this is not the case today . "  Eighty percent of people with diabetes live in low and middle-income countries , " states Dr. Anil Kapur , of the World Diabetes Foundation . Kapur is concerned that patients in these countries often remain undiagnosed . "  The symptoms of both  TB and diabetes  can be similar -- loss of weight , tiredness , malaise , " he explains . In some regions of the world nearly half of TB patients suffer from diabetes . In the state of Kerala in India , this was the case for 44 % of patients , according to the report , and affected countries often lack the systems in place to take on diabetes . "  Most countries focus attention on infectious diseases  like TB  , " says Kapur . Unlike TB , there is no cure for diabetes and patients are required to take treatment to maintain their insulin levels . The lifestyle changes associated with a rise in type-2 diabetes among a population are the same changes causing increasing levels of obesity . But ironically the two conditions have opposing effects on the likelihood of getting TB . "  Obesity reduces the risk of TB , " says Kapur . "  This creates complications in managing the two afflictions . " Raising the alarm Globally , the rate of new TB infections is falling by just 1.5 % each year and any factors increasing the likely development and spread of the disease could be disastrous , as was the case with TB and HIV/AIDS 20 years ago . "  For years we had medical evidence that the two diseases were working together as HIV destroyed people 's immune systems , allowing TB to quadruple in many countries , " says Harries . In 2013 , 1.1 million of the 9 million with TB were also HIV positive . Harries wants to learn from the slow progress and many years it took to mobilize a response to the problem . "  We want to raise an alarm so that we do n't watch history repeat itself with TB-diabetes , " he adds . The number of people with diabetes is predicted to be 592 million by 2035 , with the majority living in countries with high rates of TB , such as India , China , Brazil , Indonesia , Pakistan and Russia . The cost of treating diabetes could be huge in these nations and the unfaltering levels of drug-resistant forms of TB in recent years make any factors influencing the onset of disease a cause for further concern . Currently , drug-resistant TB takes at least two years to treat . One solution is to preempt the problem with early diagnosis . "  We are doing integrated disease management , " says Dr. Aaron Motsoaledi , the Minister of Health for South Africa , where one in every 116 people was newly infected with TB in 2013 . The rates of TB-HIV co-infection in South Africa are among the highest in the world and Motsoaledi is learning from experience . "  People must not only test for HIV , they must also test for TB , for diabetes , for high blood pressure , " he says . This is known as bi-directional screening . However getting people to be tested is a further challenge . "  Many went on to test only for HIV because it 's the in thing , " explains Motsoaledi . "  We 'll make sure when you go to a hospital for diabetes , then other  tests  are available for you and when you test for TB the other tests are available for you . " The goal is to identify people who do n't realize they suffer from more than one of the diseases . The main countries being targeted , however , are those in South Asia , where the co-epidemic is at its peak . This screening was pioneered in India , where over 2 million people had TB in 2013 and projections predict 109 million people will be living with diabetes in 2035 . "  We can pick up people who never knew they had diabetes , " concludes Harries . "  That 's a good thing to do . "	Nine million people developed TB last year and 1.5 million died of the disease Diabetes weakens the immune system , increasing chances of developing TB Diabetes is on the rise globally , particularly in low and middle-income countries Almost 600 million people are predicted to have diabetes by 2035
First , immigrants steal Americans ' jobs . And now foreigners are stealing Americans ' rightful place on U.S. postage stamps ! OK , maybe that 's a bit of an exaggeration . But a new line of Harry Potter stamps released this week by the U.S. Postal Service has outraged some stamp enthusiasts . As the former head of the American Philatelic Society  that 's a stamp collecting society to the rest of us  noted : "  Harry Potter is not American . It 's foreign , and it 's so blatantly commercial it 's off the charts . " First off , can a fictitious teenage wizard ever become a U.S. citizen ? Secondly , and far more importantly , the Postal Service is in a financial "  hot mess . " It 's losing $ 25 million every day . And for the 2013 fiscal year , which ended September 30 , the USPS ran up a deficit of $ 5 billion . At this point , I 'd be all for a stamp bearing the image of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack if that could generate revenue . That 's preferable to higher deficits , drastic cuts in services and increases in stamp prices . Look , I understand that one of the mandates of the Postal Service is , "  portraying the American experience to a world audience through the issuance of postage stamps . " But the "  American experience " is not just colored by U.S. citizens . Plus Harry Potter and his cast of cohorts are not the first non-U.S. citizens to grace our stamps . Mexican painter Frida Kahlo , Mother Theresa and French singer Edith Piaf have all been featured on past stamps . This is not the first time a new set of stamps has caused controversy . In 2001 , the Postal Service came under fire from some on the right when it released the Frida Kahlo stamp because she was a Communist , a Mexican and a bisexual . In fact , the late Republican Senator Jesse Helms denounced the stamp on the Senate floor . Some have even objected to stamps honoring Mother Theresa , celebrating the Muslim Eid holiday , or bearing the image of the famed Botticelli painting of the Virgin Mary holding the baby Jesus . Why ? Because they were troubled by the religious implications . It appears , though , that the real reason for the uproar over the Harry Potter stamp is n't his citizenship status . Rather , it 's because stamp purists are dismayed by the increasing commercialization of U.S. postage stamps . As one collector said : "  They should n't be reduced to the latest fads , whatever 's going to sell . " This very issue has caused friction between the Postal Service and the Citizens ' Stamp Advisory Committee -- a body established in 1957 to evaluate and recommend to the USPS what should be chosen for stamps . The tension undoubtedly escalated when the Postal Service chose not to consult with this advisory committee before approving the new Harry Potter stamp collection . But here 's the thing : It 's not an either/or scenario . Stamps bearing images of iconic America , like national parks and national heroes , will always have their audience . And pop culture stamps certainly have their legion of fans . Keep in mind that the stamp featuring Elvis Presley is the top seller of all time with over 700 million sold . So I say it 's time for the Postal Service to roll out stamps that will make money . I do n't care if it 's Miley Cyrus swinging on a wrecking ball , an angry Donald Trump or Honey Boo Boo wearing a tiara . These are all preferable to the Postal Service incurring more debt and slashing services to the point where it ends up having to lay off so many postal workers that it 's stuck delivering mail via carrier pigeon .	Some stamp collectors are upset over a new line of Harry Potter stamps Dean Obeidallah : Keep in mind that the Postal Service is in a financial mess He says popular stamps are preferable to higher deficits or drastic cuts in services Obeidallah : The Postal Service should roll out some stamps that can make money
CNN  -- Myanmar announced Tuesday it will grant amnesty to 6,300 prisoners on Wednesday , one in a series of recent moves that could help the isolated nation normalize relations with Western nations including the United States . But is it really an authentic step toward greater freedoms in one of the world 's most repressive states ? Or is it another gesture by the nominally civilian government to appease critics ? Kurt Campbell , a U.S. assistant secretary of state , called it a "  dramatic development " that could prompt Washington to consider improving ties . The United States imposes an embargo on arms and investment in Myanmar , once known as Burma before a military junta took over . But if you ask Mark Farmaner , director of the London-based human rights group Burma Campaign UK , the prisoner amnesty is part of the "  mood music " created to soothe the world . Obviously , he said , the amnesty was welcome , but it was hardly signaling the government 's wish for democracy . "  What 's very clear is that  President  Thein Sein is willing to make more concessions in order to get sanctions lifted and get more international legitimacy , " Farmaner said . The amnesty announcement in state-run media did not make it clear how many political detainees would be included . Amnesty International has reported that more than 2,200 political prisoners are detained in poor conditions and subjected to torture and cruel treatment . Their release remains a key demand of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and a priority for lifting of Western sanctions . There was cause for optimism after a letter to Thein Sein from a new state-appointed human rights panel called for the pardon of "  prisoners of conscience who do not pose a threat to the stability of state and public tranquility . " Myanmar , ruled by generals since 1962 , denied for decades that political prisoners even existed . Since Myanmar 's elections in November 2010 -- the first in two decades -- its leaders have been gingerly reaching out to critics . "  Now I think it would be fair to say the elections themselves were flawed in many critical ways , and we have continuing concerns about a number of developments inside the country , " Campbell , the assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs , said Monday in a lecture in Bangkok , Thailand . "  But it is also undeniably the case that there are dramatic developments under way , " he said . "  We have stated clearly that we are prepared for a new chapter in our relations , and we are watching carefully developments on the ground . And I think it would be fair to say we will match their steps with comparable steps , and we are looking forward over the course of the next several weeks to continuing a dialogue that has really stepped up in recent months . " Tint Swe , the head of Myanmar 's state censorship , called Friday for greater press freedoms , saying his own office should be shuttered as part of government reforms , reported Radio Free Asia . Last week , the government suspended the Myitsone dam project on the Irrawaddy River -- annoying the Chinese but pleasing Suu Kyi and environmental activists , who had been vocal opponents . In September , Myanmar 's Foreign Minister Wunna Maung Lwin held a rare , historic meeting with U.S. officials in Washington following what a U.S. State Department spokesman characterized as positive developments after years of discord over human rights and other issues . A month earlier , Suu Kyi met with Thein Sein at the presidential residence in Naypyitaw and the two vowed to work together in the nation 's interest , state media reported . Nyan Win , a spokesman for Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy party , said then that he thought the meeting "  may be the first step towards reconciliation . " The NLD was banned from the 2010 election , but Suu Kyi is fighting to restore her party 's legitimacy . Myanmar and Western nations have been at odds for years because of Myanmar rulers ' ongoing clampdown on their political foes , most notably Suu Kyi . She spent most of the past two decades in some form of detention before being released a week after last year 's elections . Farmaner of Burma Campaign UK said the government 's talks with Suu Kyi are also about self-preservation . As long as there are popular protests , the government runs the risk of having to crack down on a growing movement as it did in 2007 , when outrage over rising fuel prices escalated to Buddhist monks leading 100,000 people in the largest anti-government demonstrations since 1988 . "  He wants to take politics off the streets of Burma and bring it under the parliament 's wing , " Farmaner said about Thein Sein . "  He is scared of it being on the streets . " Joshua Kurlantzick , fellow for Southeast Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations , admitted he was a bit wary about the intentions of a government that in the past has failed implement reforms . However , he said he is taken with the scope of the latest developments . "  Given that , this reform has definitely gone beyond what a lot of skeptics expected , including myself , ' Kurlantzick said . A longtime pariah nation , Myanmar , he said , likely wants international recognition . "  It 's important to them , " Kurlantzick said . "  It 's about diversifying their partners , " he said . "  They do n't want to be totally reliant on China . It 's about not being dependent . " But a key issue that is not being addressed , said Farmaner , is rights for Myanmar 's ethnic minorities , some of whom have waged armed insurgencies against the government . Until they are included in dialogue , he said , Myanmar can not make progress . Ultimately , Farmaner has a warning for Western nations : Do n't get carried away . Lift some sanctions if you want to send a message of encouragement , he said . "  But do n't give away too much , too soon . " CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	It is not clear whether political detainees will be among those released Myanmar has made moves in recent months to reach out to its critics Last month , its foreign minister held a rare , historic meeting with U.S. officials State Department official : "  There are dramatic developments under way "
CNN  -- Hail stones the size of fists pummel the small sailboat lurching violently in the Pacific Ocean . Blanketed in darkness , Nik Brbora desperately tries to steer his 18-strong crew through 50-knot hurricane winds and waves three-storeys high . As dawn approaches , a monster wave flips the yacht , ripping out the steering and smashing Brbora against the deck . Falling in and out of consciousness , the 29-year-old is rescued by U.S. coast guards who take him to the closest hospital -- 900 kilometers away in San Francisco . It 's a terrifying and ultimately death-defying moment for the IT engineer from London . Yet now , as he looks back three months after completing the year-long Clipper Round the World Yacht Race , Brbora says the journey was also the greatest experience of his life . He was one of 500 amateur sailors racing ten yachts 64,500 kilometers across the globe , battling everything from hurricanes in the Caribbean to the dreaded doldrums of South East Asia . It may seem like the sort of grand adventure only the most hardened sailor would be capable of . But in an unusual twist , the majority of people on board have never sailed a boat in their lives . The event organizers are now recruiting for next year 's clipper race . Those who enter face the prospect of saying goodbye to their jobs , family and friends for a 12-month voyage on the high seas . Setting sail in July 2013 from Southampton in the UK , the 70-ft yachts will visit 15 ports on all six continents . The journey is made up of eight legs , with sailors able to join for one of these , or the full circumnavigation . Founded in 1996 by Sir Robin Knox-Johnston -- the first person to sail solo , non-stop , around the world in 1969 -- the Clipper Race revolves around the notion anyone can circumnavigate the globe , regardless of their experience . The only selection criteria is people must be over 18 , pass a three-week sailing course and be physically fit enough to complete the epic voyage . At  # 43,000  $ 69,000  per person for a full year-long voyage , it 's not simply a huge physical undertaking , but a significant financial one . "  A lot of people thought I was crazy . They said : ` You could be using that money to put a deposit on a house or a luxury holiday around the world , ' " said Brbora . "  But they 're such boring , standard options . I saw this as a personal investment . " Australian Lisa Blair , who also completed the full circumnavigation on a different yacht , raised part of the money for her trip through a sponsored 1,300 kilometer cycle ride from Sydney to the Sunshine Coast . After being selected from almost 800 applicants , the 27-year-old novice sailor quit her retail assistant job , packed up her house and moved to Britain for an intensive sailing course . Within months she was bunking down with 17 other strangers in a clipper headed for their first stop -- Rio de Janeiro in Brazil . "  You 're living with guys and girls in an open room with two rows of bunks on either side , " Blair said . "  Shifts are four hours long , so when you 're up on deck you 're steering the boat , dealing with rigging , making repairs . By the time you get into bed you might only have two hours sleep , " she added . With limited access to phones and internet , the crew is essentially cut off from the outside world . "  We only heard about the volcanic ash which shut down airports in Mexico because we were sailing past it , " added Blair . "  Instead , you learn a lot about the people on board -- it 's human interaction on a really deep level , " she said . Throughout last year 's race , participants ranged from 18 to 73-years-old , hailing from 40 countries across the world . They included a NASA scientist , ballet teacher , TV weather girl , farmer , undertaker and London cabbie driver . For Brbora , the biggest challenge came just two months before the end of the race when his vessel was almost destroyed in a storm 900 kilometer off the coast of San Francisco . Brbora was flung against metal railing in the accident , suffering a strained hip , while fellow crew member Jane Hitchens , 50 , also from Britain , broke her ribs . "  The deck looked like a warzone . There was no steering left and everyone 's life jackets had popped open , " Brbora said . "  I had a sharp pain in my hip -- I thought ` this is what it must feel like to be hit by a car . ' They initially tried to airlift me and Jane out with a helicopter but it was too dangerous with the mast swinging about . " The boat , still miraculously in one piece , was repaired in San Francisco , and the crew went on to finish sixth in a field of 10 . But along with the challenges came moments of joy . "  You might be sitting up on deck and hear this whistling sound and it 's a pod of dolphins or whales or giant sea turtles , " Brbora said . For self-confessed "  ballsy " sailor Blair , her favorite memory was of gliding down waves the size of four-storey buildings in the Southern Ocean . "  It 's agony because it 's so cold ; around 3 degrees Celsius  37 Farenheit  . But here you are surfing down the face of these mountains of water , " she reminisced . The clipper race was a life-changing adventure for both Blair and Brbora . After all , why stress about a late train or rainy weather when you 've survived the most brutal waves on the planet ? "  Not many people can say they 've sailed around the world , " Brbora said . "  It 's made me realize you should n't be afraid of things and it 's definitely given me more confidence . " Blair , whose boat won the race , now teaches sailing professionally and hopes to again sail around the world -- this time on her own . "  I 've started living my life by the quote : ` Just do , because the world is changed by doers , ' " she said . "  You 're not going to change the world by sitting on the couch watching TV . "	500 sailors , majority with no previous experience , will circumnavigate world Part of Clipper Round the World race , 12 yachts compete in year-long voyage Last year 's competitors tell of harrowing rescues and heartwarming moments "  A life-changing experience " for sailors who learn to face fears
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- In surroundings even dirtier than the war they escaped , Syrian refugee children in Lebanon now face another potential threat : polio . Highly contagious and potentially deadly , the crippling and incurable disease recently re-emerged in Syria , paralyzing 17 children there . And as the country 's brutal conflict continues to spill over its borders , aid workers know they have to act fast , since viruses can often spread quicker than violence . Until this year , no polio cases had been reported in Syria since 1999 , and aid agencies say the risk of it spreading to other countries in the region is high . The level of concern is so great that they 're going from tent to tent in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley , as part of the largest immunization program against polio in the Middle East . "  There are new families , they are escaping from the war in Syria , " Dr. Zein El Dine Saad , of Lebanon 's Health Ministry , told CNN . "  We are afraid -LSB- in case -RSB- just one of these -LSB- families -RSB- are infected by the virus , by this polio virus . " Record sum needed to handle burden on Lebanon from Syria 's civil war The United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  and the World Health Organization  WHO  are attempting to vaccinate as many as 23 million children across the region . According to the WHO , vaccinations will also be carried out in other countries including Iraq , Jordan , and Turkey . "  In order to stop the outbreak and prevent further spread , organizers aim to vaccinate , repeatedly over the next few months , all children under the age of five , whether they are living at home or displaced by conflict , " UNICEF explained in a statement . "  As if children in Syria had not suffered enough , they now have to contend with yet another threat to their health and well-being , " said Maria Calivis , UNICEF 's Regional Director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  The current polio vaccination efforts are a huge undertaking by many partners , but we can only halt the spread of the virus if we reach those children who have remained out of reach , " Calivis added . Tiny Lebanon , which neighbors Syria and has absorbed the highest concentration of refugees - over 800,000 so far , is considered to be at particular risk . Maria Assi is head of Beyond Association , one of the Lebanese non-governmental organizations working with UNICEF and the Lebanese Health Ministry to carry out the vaccinations . She said "  refugees from areas within Syria where polio reemerged arrive into Lebanon daily , "  making the immunization campaign vital . " Read more : Polio cases confirmed in Syria , says WHO Assi said that during phase two of the campaign , "  within tented settlements in Lebanon , Beyond , UNICEF and the Lebanese Health Ministry were able to vaccinate around 95,000 children " aged 5 and younger . CNN accompanied Dr. Saad and his team of medics during part of the immunization campaign , while they were inoculating all the children aged five and under who they could find amongst the ramshackle tents in the Bekaa Valley . Asked if the appalling conditions at this makeshift camp make it an ideal breeding ground for the virus , he was quick to respond : "  Yes , yes . Of course , of course . " Here , the children routinely wade through and play in filth - it 's a sickening and terribly sad sight . With trash and human waste all around , families here are effectively living in an open sewer . It 's hard enough trying to walk through the camp site , let alone trying to live here . One 10-year-old boy told CNN how sick he was of living in these conditions . "  The dirtiness all around , " he said , shaking his head , as if both embarrassed and enraged , "  it 's filthy - life here is n't good . " Doctors warn it is n't just polio that these children are at risk of -- they could easily contract anything from hepatitis to scabies to the mumps . "  This overcrowding and the mud , " explained Dr. Saad , looking around . "  The bad sanitation -- everything is bad here . " Now , to make matters worse , winter is at hand , and the cold is only exacerbating the refugees ' misery . Asked if her family feared getting sick , 12-year-old Maria Ali admitted they were . "  Of course we 're worried . We 're all crowded together here - if one person gets sick , they 'll definitely spread it to everybody else here too . " As the aid workers packed up for the day , the parents who had been worried about polio also wondered how they 'd shield their families from the elements ; this is one of the worst winters on record and there 's no let-up in sight . But the children kept on playing ; no matter how young they are , for them , the harshest possible existence is almost expected . Read more : Syrian refugees face miserable winter in Lebanon Read more : Europe ` must do more to help Syrian refugees ' Read more : Another year of horror for Syria 's children	WHO says 17 cases of polio have been found in Syria in recent months Experts now fear the disease will spread over the country 's borders into refugee camps Medics are carrying out a mass immunization campaign across the region , including Lebanon Polio is highly contagious and potentially deadly ; it can cause paralysis
CNN  -- It 's reading matter not for the faint of heart . Experts at Harvard said this week that they have confirmed that a 19th-century book housed in one of the university 's libraries is bound in human skin . Scientists and conservators carried out a series of tests on Houghton Library 's copy of the French writer Arsene Houssaye 's "  Des destinees de l'ame " and concluded with 99.9 % confidence that the binding material came from a human . According to the library , Houssaye presented the text , described as "  a meditation on the soul and life after death , " to one of his friends , a book-loving medical doctor , in the mid-1880s . The recipient , Dr. Ludovic Bouland , bound the book "  with skin from the unclaimed body of a female mental patient who had died of a stroke , " the library said . Bouland left a note in the volume explaining what he had done . "  A book about the human soul deserved to have a human covering , " he wrote . Centuries-old practice Although binding a book in another person 's skin may seem creepy nowadays , the library says it was n't always so unusual and reviled . "  Termed anthropodermic bibliopegy , the binding of books in human skin has occurred at least since the 16th century , " it said . "  The confessions of criminals were occasionally bound in the skin of the convicted , or an individual might request to be memorialized for family or lovers in the form of a book . " Bouland refers in his note to another book in his collection , S  verin Pineau 's "  De integritatis & corruptionis virginum notis , " that was also covered in human hide . The skin on that 17th-century volume , now in the collection of the Wellcome Library in London , is tanned with sumac , a natural dye . Sheepskin rivals The macabre version of "  Des destinees de l'ame " was deposited at Houghton Library in 1934 by a book collector and given to the library permanently 20 years later by the collector 's widow . The Crimson , Harvard 's college newspaper , reported in 2006 that there were at least three books in the university 's vast collection that were bound in human skin . But Houghton Library said that testing of the other two volumes , at the Harvard Law School Library and the Harvard Medical School 's Countway Library , established that they were actually wrapped in sheepskin . "  Houghton 's book is now the only known book at Harvard bound in human skin , " said the library , the college 's main repository for rare books and manuscripts . Tests to rule out apes The tests , taking microscopic samples from various parts of the binding , allowed analysts to identify the source of the material through its proteins . The analysis of "  Des destinees de l'ame " matched "  the human reference , and clearly eliminated other common parchment sources , such as sheep , cattle and goat , " said Bill Lane , the director of the Harvard Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics Resource Laboratory . But the scientists had to do further tests to make them confident that the binding did n't come from another primate closely related to humans , like the great apes and gibbons . World 's 10 weirdest museums	Scientists carry out tests to determine source of 19th-century book 's binding They say they are confident it 's of human origin Arsene Houssaye 's "  Des destinees de l'ame " was bound in skin by a doctor "  A book about the human soul deserved to have a human covering , " a note says
CNN  -- Sorry , Edward Cullen . Catch you later , Damon Salvatore . And all of you Walkers can take a hike . After several years of success with vampires , zombies and  to a lesser extent  werewolves , Hollywood now ca n't seem to get enough of witches . Lifetime debuted its high-profile series "  Witches of East End " on Sunday night , and tonight comes the premiere of the third season of "  American Horror Story , " also focusing on witchcraft , subtitled "  Coven . " On the big screen this year , Mila Kunis , Michelle Williams and Rachel Weisz bewitched James Franco in the smash hit movie "  Oz the Great and Powerful . " Even the CW 's much-hyped "  Vampire Diaries " spinoff , "  The Originals , " focuses on spell-casters in a big way . And this is all taking place while there is a Halloween season surge in popularity for Disney 's "  Hocus Pocus , " celebrating its 20th anniversary . What 's behind this interest in witchcraft on the big and small screens , right as we approach the 50th anniversary of "  Bewitched , " no less ? "  Witchy women with magical mysterious powers suggest a wealth of storylines , " said TV critic Ed Bark . "  And since ` Bewitched , ' witches have seldom been entirely out of the TV mix . It also helps , of course , if you 're a comely , voluptuous witch . Haggard Wicked Witches from the old-school ` Wizard of Oz ' mold need not apply . " Bark recalled a line from "  Witches of East End " : "  You only have one superpower , and it 's your breasts . " Allison Keene of the Hollywood Reporter noted that Hollywood 's modern witches all tend to be uniformly attractive as well . "  The current female witches on TV  there are no high-profile male wizards or warlocks , like a Harry Potter figure  are also really sexy , " she said . "  So , maybe they 're a kind of gendered response to the suave , seductive male vampire figure . Or maybe it 's just cyclical , and all of the childhood fans of ` Hocus Pocus , ' ` Sabrina the Teenage Witch ' and ` Charmed ' are writing for TV now ! " Keene thinks it 's a positive trend overall . "  Vampires , zombies and werewolves have all gotten so much attention lately , I think we 're definitely reaching a saturation point , " she said . "  The featured supernatural characters on those shows are usually men , too  not exclusively , but overwhelmingly  . These new witch characters are giving women more power and agency to control their destinies , instead of just being objects of desire in need of saving , which is a nice change . "	Witches seem to be the latest trend to take Hollywood by storm "  American Horror Story : Coven " set to debut just days after "  Witches of East End " Hollywood 's new witches have more sex appeal than in years past
San Francisco  CNN  -- The discovery of the body of a woman in a stairwell of San Francisco General Hospital weeks after she was reported missing from her room requires "  a thorough , independent review , " the mayor said Thursday . The review will examine "  top to bottom " the hospital 's security and its systems controls as well as reporting procedures when a patient goes missing , Mayor Ed Lee said . The announcement follows news this week that an engineering worker found the body of 57-year-old Lynne Spalding , who was reported missing on September 21 , in the stairwell . "  It should have never happened , and on that we all agree , " Lee said . " ... I told the family , I wish to have all of the answers just as they do . " The review is expected to begin this week , he said . Authorities have not released details about how Spalding died . She was admitted to the hospital on September 19 for a bladder infection . Her condition was improving when she disappeared two days later , according to the joint statement released this week by the hospital and sheriff 's department . "  She was in fair condition when she left her hospital room shortly after being checked on by a nurse at 10:15 a.m. Fifteen minutes later , the nurse checked on her again , and upon finding her room empty , initiated a search of the hospital , " the statement said . Thirty minutes later after she disappeared , two of her friends and her boyfriend arrived at the hospital to visit , David Perry , a Spalding family spokesman . They were told that Spalding had been missing for 30 minutes , he said . Hospital officials and police say they are investigating . The hospital says it has no idea how the body ended up in the rarely-used staircase . According to the joint statement , when Spalding was not found , the hospital staff notified the family and sheriff 's department officials on site . Deputies searched the campus , and did not find her . Spalding 's body was found Tuesday in the stairwell by a member of the hospital 's engineering staff who was conducting a routine quarterly check , according to the statement . "  The exterior stairwell is a fire exit that is not routinely used by staff , patients or the public . It is alarmed and locks from the outside ; it exits to the hospital grounds at the bottom , " it said . Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Dan Simon reported from San Francisco . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	San Francisco 's mayor says the review of the hospital 's security will begin this week The body of Lynne Spalding was found Tuesday in a hospital stairwell She had been reported missing from her room on September 21 The body was discovered by an engineering worker , authorities said
Columbus , Georgia  CNN  -- The Huey helicopter came in from the west , the "  pop , pop , pop " of its blades announcing its arrival . It made a sharp right-hand turn and flared to a landing in the grassy area . The ragtag troop of 10 passengers awaiting its arrival looked far from Army issue , dressed in Aloha shirts , T-shirts , blue jeans , shorts and ball caps . They ducked their heads beneath the blades of the spinning rotor as they made their way to the copter from a protected area off to its front . But Army Special Forces Capt. Homer Haracourt , a four-tour veteran of Vietnam , needed help . He was paralyzed from the waist down , and to make this flight , he 'd need the assistance of others . The Army copter 's crew obliged , six of them gathering to lift Haracourt into the outside seat on right side of the chopper , the crew chief strapping him in to the canvas seat so he would n't fall out the open door . Haracourt beamed as his helpers retreated . The copter fidgeted a bit as the pilot applied power . The skids left the ground , and after a short rotation to the right , Huey 354 sped away on one of more than a dozen hops it would fly this day , one of countless such hops it had flown since it was put into service in Vietnam more than 40 years ago . This is a story of heroes , both mechanical and flesh and blood . None of them will call themselves that , the Huey because , well , it ca n't . The men who fly it and fly on it this March afternoon because they 're way too humble for any bombast . But I 'm the witness . I 've seen what these guys do , and I 'm declaring them heroes . The flight crew on this March Saturday are from the nonprofit Army Aviation Heritage Foundation in Hampton , Georgia . They volunteer countless hours to restore and maintain Army helicopters from the Vietnam era and then take them to air shows across the country where you can fly on them . Yes , you can fly with heroes . They are guys like Ralph Kahlan , the pilot of Huey 354 , carrying Haracourt this Saturday morning at the Thunder in the Valley airshow in Columbus , Georgia . Kahlan , 65 , is the assistant dean of the Georgia State University College of Business these days . But he 's a veteran of two tours in Vietnam , first as an infantry officer and then as a Huey pilot . He knows what the Huey meant from above and below . "  It was a love-hate relationship as an infantry officer in Vietnam , " he said . They dropped troops into tough spots but were there to get them out . "  Swore at 'em when they left , could n't wait for them to show up , " he said . That was a lot of swearing and cheering in Vietnam . More than 9,400 Hueys were built , according to the foundation . More than 2,000 flew in the war , in God knows how many missions . Watch any news footage from the time , and you 'll probably see the Huey , ferrying troops to and from the field , their door gunners firing away at treelines to protect the GIs . The Huey was there at the end too , making flights from the roof of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon as it was overrun in 1975 . Huey 354 was in the fight . The aircraft giving rides in Georgia this Saturday in March flew 1,417 combat hours in Vietnam . Ask the Army Av guys , and they 'll show you the hole in the floor at the left rear . Patched over now , it 's where an enemy round passed through during combat in 1971 . After that damage , Pat Derry probably flew Huey 354 . The Rockford , Illinois , native and Army Aviation Heritage Foundation member is a businessman now . In Vietnam , he was the maintenance test pilot for his unit , nicknamed "  The Comancheros . " That meant before any copter could go on a mission after repairs or servicing , Derry took it up to make sure it worked . "  That 's why I knew I flew 354 , because I flew every helicopter once every couple of months , " he said . You can see the unit 's logo on the front of Huey 354 today . Derry , who flew under the call sign "  Comanchero 2 1/2 " in Vietnam , does n't fly copters these days . But he stopped by the foundation 's hangar in suburban Atlanta a while back to reconnect with the Huey . "  I did n't get emotional about sitting in it or anything , but it was just kind of a neat deal , " Derry said . "  Forty to 45 years later , to be able to sit in something that was that big a deal as part of your life is kind of cool . " Back in Columbus , Haracourt is on the ground after a 10-minute hop in Huey 354 . The crew that got him on the aircraft has repeated the procedure , transferring the 75-year-old as gently as possible from helicopter to his motorized wheelchair . But there 's a hitch ; the chair ca n't seem to navigate the grassy ground where Kahlan has set down the Huey . The crews will have to carry chair and passenger to the tarmac . There are no complaints from Haracourt . "  I 'm not bitter , " he said . "  I signed up for the Army . " So what did he do in Vietnam ? Behind him , his daughter , 56-year-old Rosemary Haracourt , shakes her head . "  I do n't talk about that . Never have , " the former Army captain said . What he will tell you is what these Huey rides mean to him : "  Everything ! " And that means if you come to Columbus next March , you could fly with this hero . "  The good Lord willing , I 'll be back next year ; yes , I will , " he said .	The Army Aviation Heritage Foundation restores Vietnam-era helicopters Huey 354 bears scar of combat in Vietnam Copters offer rides at airshows around the country
Washington  CNN  -- Latinos in the United States are divided over a host of issues , including what to do about unauthorized immigrants , a reflection of the national political controversy over illegal immigration , a national study released Thursday finds . Slightly more than half of the nation 's Hispanics say illegal immigrants should pay a small fine but not be deported , according to a report by the Pew Hispanic Center . Another 28 percent of the Latino respondents to the Pew poll say unauthorized immigrants should not be punished . On the other side , 13 percent say they should be deported . Explainer : Illegal immigration 101 Latinos also are feeling increased concerns about discrimination , again the result of the national controversy over illegal immigration , the survey found . This year , 61 percent of Latinos say discrimination is a "  major problem , " an increase from the 54 percent who categorized it that way in 2007 , Pew said . "  Asked to state the most important factor leading to discrimination , a plurality of 36 percent now cites immigration status , up from a minority of 23 percent who said the same in 2007 , " the report states . "  Back then , a plurality of respondents -- 46 percent -- identified language skills as the biggest cause of discrimination against Hispanics . " In addition , the Pew report says , Latinos are divided about the impact of illegal immigration on Hispanics living in the United States . "  Roughly equal shares say the impact has been positive  29 percent  , negative  31 percent  or made no difference  30 percent  , " the report says . "  This mixed judgment stands in sharp contrast to views that Latinos expressed on this subject in 2007 . Back then , fully half  50 percent  of Latinos said the impact was positive , while just 20 percent said it was negative . " The latest survey also finds that Latinos are divided over whether immigrant and native-born Hispanics are working together to achieve common political goals . About half  45 percent  say they are and about half  46 percent  say they are not . Both the native born  who comprise 47 percent of the adult Latino population  and the foreign born  who comprise 53 percent  are roughly equally divided on their perceptions of political solidarity , Pew said . "  The native born and foreign born have different views on many topics explored in the survey , " the report says . "  For example , seven in 10  70 percent  foreign-born Latinos say discrimination against Hispanics is a major problem preventing Latinos from succeeding in America . Less than half  49 percent  of the native born agree . "  And when it comes to their views of immigrants , fewer than seven in 10 native-born Hispanics say immigrants strengthen the country , while 85 percent of immigrant Hispanics say the same . " Although the survey found differences of opinion among Latinos , it also revealed areas of broad agreement . For example , Pew said , 86 percent of Latinos support providing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants if they pass background checks , pay a fine and have jobs . That level of support surpasses the 68 percent of the general public who favor such a path to citizenship , Pew said . Among Latinos , 82 percent of the native born and 90 percent of the foreign born say they support providing that path . Latinos also are united in their opposition to Arizona 's SB 1070 , a controversial law enacted this year that authorizes police to check the immigration status of anyone who is being investigated for another suspected crime . According to Pew , 79 percent of Latinos oppose the measure , most of which has been stayed pending a lawsuit by the federal government . The Pew Research Center for the People and the Press found this year that the general population supports the law by a 2-to-1 ratio . With regard to rising concerns about a backlash triggered by illegal immigration , the Pew survey found no increase over past years in the percentage of Latinos who report that they or someone they know have been targets of discrimination or have been stopped by authorities and asked about their immigration status . About one-third of all Latinos  34 percent  say they , a member of their family or a close friend have experienced discrimination in the past five years because of their race or ethnic group , Pew said . That amount is largely unchanged from 2009 , when it stood at 32 percent . Perhaps even more significantly , only 5 percent said they had been stopped by police or other authorities and asked about their immigration status , down from 9 percent in 2008 . Despite the immigration controversy , Pew also found that Latinos are more satisfied this year with the direction of the United States . Thirty-six percent said they are satisfied , a significant increase over the 25 percent who said the same thing in 2008 . By contrast , the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press in a late summer survey found 25 percent of the general public satisfied with the country 's direction . Latinos also remain as upbeat about their lives as they were three years ago , Pew said , with 24 percent rating it as "  excellent " and 45 percent as "  good . " About 80 percent on the nation 's estimated 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants are of Hispanic origin . Latinos are the nation 's largest minority . The 47 million Hispanics in the United States make up nearly 15 percent of the nation 's population . About 38 percent of the nation 's Latinos are immigrants . Of those , about 19 percent are unauthorized . The study results come from a new national survey of 1,375 Latino adults conducted by land line and cellular telephones in English and Spanish from August 17 through September 19 , Pew said . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.3 percentage points for the full sample and larger for subgroups . The Pew Hispanic Center is a nonpartisan research organization that does not take positions on policy issues . It is part of the Pew Research Center , a nonpartisan institute based in Washington that is funded by The Pew Charitable Trusts , a Philadelphia-based public charity .	The divisions come from the national political row over illegal immigration , Pew says Latinos also feel heightened concerns over discrimination based on immigration status But Latinos also share areas of broad agreement , such as their opposition to SB 1070 The survey of 1,375 Latinos was conducted in August and September
CNN  -- An American woman died aboard a cruise ship that docked at Rio de Janeiro on Tuesday , the same ship on which 86 passengers previously fell ill , according to the state-run Brazilian news agency , Agencia Brasil . The American tourist died aboard the MS Veendam , owned by cruise operator Holland America . Federal Police told Agencia Brasil that forensic doctors were investigating her death . The ship 's doctors told police that the woman was elderly and suffered from diabetes and hypertension , according the agency . The other passengers came down with diarrhea prior to her death during an earlier part of the trip , the ship 's doctors said . The Veendam left New York 36 days ago for a South America tour .	The elderly woman suffered from diabetes and hypertension , ship 's doctors say Previously , 86 passengers had fallen ill on the ship , Agencia Brasil says
CNN  Bernie Sanders , my Vermont senator and , indeed , a friend of many years , is now running for president . He noted at his announcement  with a familiar note of wise irony  : "  People should not underestimate me . " To most Americans , of course , Sen. Bernie Sanders is only a name , if that . He is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation . Those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only the most liberal state in the union would ever dream of electing to the Senate , as we did in 2006 . Let me add this , as someone who has followed him closely  and with admiration  for a long time : When people stop to listen to Bernie , they realize that -- whether or not they agree with his ideas -- he is , without a question , an authentic voice who speaks without fear . And nobody should underestimate him . I remember when Bernie was mayor of Burlington ; it is the largest city in Vermont  which is n't saying much  . I met him then , and his voice struck me as something not quite heard before . He spoke with a throaty Brooklyn accent , and he was Jewish -- not your typical Vermonter . He served as mayor of this progressive town on the shores of Lake Champlain with remarkable energy for many years , listening closely to what people had to say , learning about politics at the local level , making a real difference in the daily lives of hard-working people . He was never a Democrat -- and is n't yet . He 's a progressive , holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent , although he votes with the Democrats on major issues . When Bernie decided to run for Jim Jeffords ' seat in the House of Representatives in 1988 , many considered him a long shot . I remember hosting a fundraising event at my farmhouse , where Bernie held the floor for almost two hours , answering questions with a forthrightness that stunned those who had never encountered in person his fierce , funny , entertaining , passionate voice . Bernie won that seat , again and again . Make no mistake about this : Vermont is n't just a rainbow-colored state full of ex-hippies and leftists in berets . It 's an agricultural economy , and Bernie has understood this well . He has thoughtfully supported Vermont 's dairy-farming community over many years . He has also been a strong supporter of Vermont 's hunting culture -- much to the annoyance of many on the left , who wonder why the NRA does n't attack him . I was never prouder of Bernie than during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq . He was a singular and somewhat lonely voice in the House , strongly opposing the 2003 invasion . He saw vividly that this was the worst foreign policy move in American history , one with endless repercussions . He was especially outraged by the outing of former CIA spy Valerie Plame in 2006 by an official from the Pentagon , and he suggested in several fiery speeches that is was time for a serious investigation of how we got into the Iraq War in the first place . This was typical of Bernie : The clear voice in the midst of the crowd , the man who says no when somebody needs to say it loudly . So what would it look like if , by some bizarre chance , Bernie caught fire and became President ? He would certainly work hard for universal health care , which has been a passion of his . I 've heard him rail against the efforts of insurance and drug companies to undermine a system -- the single-payer system -- that has worked well throughout Europe for decades , reducing the costs of health care and actually improving it as well . He would not be Wall Street 's best friend . Indeed , he did n't support President George W. Bush in his efforts to bail out the bankers , and wrote an open letter to Henry Paulson , the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury , protesting that bailout . Famously , on December 10 , 2010 , he gave an eight and a half hour speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate opposing the reinstatement of Bush-era tax cuts , a vivid piece of rhetoric worth looking at closely by anyone who wants to understand Bernie 's views . He is a socialist , of course . How many American politicians have ever said this aloud ? And what does he really mean by that term ? Bernie knows what he 's doing . By proclaiming himself a socialist , he is drawing attention to the fact that large corporations and banks , many with international bases , have controlled American public policy for a very long time , usually to the detriment of working people . And it 's working people who seem mostly to interest Bernie Sanders . He has been one of only a few voices in the Senate in the past decade who has consistently pointed out that extreme right-wing factions funded by "  millionaires and billionaires "  one of Bernie 's favorite mantras  have held sway over American politics for as long as anyone can recall . And this sway has usually operated to the detriment of people who actually repair roads , serve meals , deliver the mail , drive trucks and teach in schools . As president , Bernie would also stand up against those who wish to deny climate change . Indeed , Bernie co-sponsored with Barbara Boxer the Global Warming Pollution Reduction Act of 2007 . He has , for years , been a tireless advocate for the environment , aware of how its degradation has deeply hurt working people at home and abroad . But does he actually have the slightest chance of winning the Democratic nomination ? And if he won it , could he defeat a Republican candidate with billionaires at his or her disposal ? He 's not crazy . In fact , he 's probably the sanest person in the presidential sweepstakes . But he ca n't win , and he knows that . What he will do , however , is move Hillary Clinton on matters of importance to progressives : The restraining of Wall Street and large corporations , the scandal of how America allows its political campaigns to be funded and the welfare of working class Americans , who seems pathetically easy to persuade -- again and again -- to vote against their own economic interests . A steep climb looms before him . But I applaud Bernie Sanders . I hope he soars and that his brave and commonsensical voice is heard .	Jay Parini : Bernie Sanders , who is running for President , is a liberal long shot , but he 's also a populist truth-teller who speaks without fear He says the Vermont senator could help move Hillary Clinton to left on progressive issues
CNN  -- A giant menorah will light the sky above New York on Wednesday to mark the start of Hanukkah , a Jewish holiday celebrated for eight days and nights . Jews celebrate Hanukkah by lighting candles each night in a menorah , an eight-branch candelabra with a ninth , elevated branch known as a shamash . Organizers will light the first candle of what they called the world 's largest menorah at Central Park . Lighting of the menorah will be held at 5:30 p.m. daily through December 8 . The 32-foot high , gold-colored , 4,000 pound steel structure features genuine oil lamps , according to organizers . It has glass chimneys to protect the lights from strong winds . The menorah marks Hanukkah , the Jewish Festival of Lights that mostly falls in December . "  The menorah stands as a symbol of freedom and democracy , strength and inspiration , delivering a timely and poignant message to each person on an individual basis , " said Rabbi Shmuel M. Butman , director Lubavitch Youth Organization . The shamash , which is lit first , is used to light the others candles each night of the holiday . The holiday of Hanukkah celebrates the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem after Syrians were chased out of the Holy Land . It also marks the eight days that a menorah burned with one day 's worth of oil . Celebrants exchange small gifts during Hanukkah . CNN 's Deborah Doft contributed to this report .	Organizers say it 's the world 's largest menorah The menorah marks Hanukkah , the Jewish Festival of Lights It mostly falls in December
New Delhi  CNN  At least 11 passengers were killed when a train jumped the rails in southern India on Friday , authorities said . Nine cars of the Bengaluru-Ernakulam Express train derailed some 50 kilometers from Bangalore in Karnataka state at around 7.30 am local time , said Chandrashekhar Gupta , a spokesman for India 's southwestern railway . Rescue crews have retrieved 11 bodies from the wrecked compartments , Gupta told CNN . More than 25 people were injured in the derailment , nine of them critically , he added . India 's vast railway network runs 7,000 trains serving 13 million passengers every day , according to officials . But the country 's rail safety record is poor , with several accidents reported each year . Authorities say they are using new technology and training their workforce to try to improve safety standards .	More than 25 people are injured , nine of them critically , an official says The train derailed early Friday in southern India 's Karnataka state
CNN  -- Shiping Bao , the medical examiner who changed his mind on crucial aspects during his testimony at George Zimmerman 's trial , has been fired . But he 's not going down without a fight . Bao has hired a lawyer and is hinting at a lawsuit . Bao was let go from his job as the associate medical examiner for the Volusia County , Florida , Medical Examiner 's Office last week , officials said Wednesday . Authorities provided a copy of his termination letter , but did not specify a reason . The letter says Bao was given a choice to resign . He did n't . So , he was terminated Friday . Bao 's lawyer filed a complaint against the county , CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 reported . The letter reads in part : "  This is a formal request to ask you to preserve any and all documents ... and/or evidence related to Dr. Bao 's claims and/or the Trayvon Martin Case . " Bao performed Trayvon Martin 's autopsy after Zimmerman shot dead the 17-year-old on February 26 , 2012 . During Zimmerman 's trial , Bao 's testimony stood out . He changed his mind on important aspects of the case , such as how long Martin survived after he was shot , whether he could have moved afterward and if the marijuana in his system affected his judgment . Bao 's attorney , Willie E. Gary , said he plans to file a lawsuit for discrimination , job harassment and wrongful termination , the Miami Herald reported . George Zimmerman wo n't be charged for alleged domestic incident	Shiping Bao performed an autopsy on Trayvon Martin He changed his mind on several aspects of the case Authorities said Bao was fired on Friday
CNN  -- It might have felt as if the lights had been turned off but Tiger Woods still has a flicker of hope at the Turkish Open . Woods was forced to abandon his efforts on the opening day of the inaugural $ 7 million tournament as thunderstorms brought a halt to proceedings on a gray and gloomy day on the on the Mediterranean coast of Antalya . The World No. 1 managed to complete 10 holes before play was stopped at 16.42 pm local time with Woods six shots off the leaders . "  I thought when we teed off we would be lucky to get in 11 holes and I was pretty spot on , " 14-time major winner Woods told reporters . "  So we got in about the right number of holes as it just gets dark so quickly and it 's like someone just turned off the light switch . "  The air now also is heavy with moisture so the ball is not going very far compared to when we were warming up on the range and early in the round . "  But towards the end we were hitting about a half-a-club short . "  I 'm still working on getting a bit of the rust out of my game but then tomorrow is going to be a long day for all of us . " Heavy thunderstorms around Belek meant that play did not get under way until 12.05 local time -- allowing only 15 players out of the 78-strong field to complete their rounds . Woods will resume Friday with six shots separating him from English duo Paul Casey and Steve Webster who sit on seven under part alongside South Africa 's Darren Fichardt . "  It was a very aggressive start , " world number 97 Casey told reporters . "  There are opportunities out there with two very reachable par-fives in the first four holes . "  I knocked a driver and three-wood on the green at the first and holed for an eagle . It was foot flat to the floor today and just fire at the pins , take advantage of the soft conditions and see what happens . " "  The field is exceptionally strong and with the layout of the golf course , and the way it is set up , I fully expect somebody is going to get to maybe 20 plus under par this week . " The course , which has been designed by Colin Montgomerie , appeared to suit Casey 's game . That should be of little surprise however , given Casey 's past successes on courses set out by the Scot . The Englishman 's past two European Tour victories at the 2011 Volvo Golf Champions and this year 's Irish Open have both come on Montgomerie 's courses . "  I seem to play very well around Monty 's golf courses , " he added . "  I won in Bahrain a couple of years ago and then Carton House this year . I do enjoy his golf courses . I have no idea why , but maybe the fact that you can be incredibly aggressive does bode well for me . " Thorbj  rn Olesen and Ricardo Gonzalez both finished on six-under after recording rounds of 66 , while Sweden 's money-list leader Henrik Stenson was forced to stop after reaching four-under through 10 .	Thunderstorms halt play on opening day of Turkish Open Tiger Woods managed to complete first 10 holes before play abandoned World No. 1 Woods six shots off the lead on one-under England 's Paul Casey and Steve Webster in lead with South Africa 's Darren Fichardt
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Supporters and opponents of Lebanon 's pro-Western government appeared to split seats on Sunday as Lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months . Lebanese women wait in line to cast their votes in Beirut . Voters in Beirut sent pro-government candidate Mohammed al-Amin Itani to parliament to replace Walid Eido , who was killed in a June bombing . Both Eido , a Sunni Muslim , and Itani are members of the bloc led by Saad Hariri -- the son of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered Lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval . But in Metn , a Maronite Christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate Camille Khouri upset former President Amin Gemayel by a few hundred votes , Lebanese television network LBC reported . Khouri is a member of the Free Patriotic Movement , the anti-government party led by former Lebanese Army Gen. Michel Aoun . Aoun has said he will run for president of Lebanon -- and since the post is chosen by members of parliament , Sunday 's results were closely watched . Gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son Pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora before being gunned down in his car in November 2006 . He served as president from 1982 to 1988 , during the civil war in Lebanon . His brother , Bashir Gemayel , was elected president in 1982 but was assassinated before he could take office . Eido and Gemayel were among several Lebanese political figures killed since the February 2005 killing of the elder Hariri . All were critical of Syria 's influence in Lebanon , and their supporters blamed Damascus for their deaths -- allegations the Syrians and their allies in Lebanon denied . Hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against Syria known as the "  Cedar Revolution , " which brought Siniora 's government to power and forced Syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in Lebanon for three decades . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Former Lebanese President Amin Gemayel loses by a few hundred votes Candidates will replace legislator Pierre Gemayel and lawmaker Walid Eido Both were allies of U.S.-backed Lebanese government and opponents of Syria
Detroit , Michigan  CNN  -- The federal judge in the Christmas Day bombing attempt case has granted the defendant 's backup attorney access to case documents . U.S. District Court Judge Nancy Edmunds scheduled another pretrial conference hearing for January 12 , 2011 , enough time for Anthony Chambers , the standby counsel for Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , to examine the documents . She also set a 120-day window for motions to be entered . AbdulMutallab , the British-educated son of a Nigerian bank executive , is accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear aboard a plane from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit on December 25 . The pretrial hearing Thursday came after a federal judge delayed court proceedings for about a month to give AbdulMutallab time to prepare his legal defense . In September , AbdulMutallab decided that he no longer wanted to be represented by federal defenders and would act as his own attorney . Edmunds granted his request and appointed Chambers to be his standby counsel in case he needs help at any point in the proceedings . Speaking to reporters outside the courtroom , Chambers said the case will be treated like any other . "  We 're going to review it and make the decisions as we go along , " he said , noting it is unusual for him to be appointed standby counsel . He would n't discuss anything regarding meetings , but he said the discovery access is important "  so we can review the case to determine what should happen and how things should transpire . " AbdulMutallab faces six federal charges , including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and willful attempt to destroy an aircraft . He has pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to blow up the Northwest Airlines plane . Chambers said AbdulMutallab 's family is "  very supportive " of him . AbdulMutallab is not the first high-profile terror suspect who has requested to represent himself in a U.S. court . Zacarias Moussaoui , the first man charged in connection with the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , similarly asked and was allowed to act as his own counsel . A judge later stripped him of that right after warning Moussaoui to stop filing what she called frivolous and disrespectful motions . CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is charged with six counts in alleged bombing attempt He is accused of trying to blow up a plane with bomb hidden in his underwear Judge sets next pretrial hearing date , allows four-month period for motions Attorney says being appointed standby counsel is nothing unusual for him
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Sunday night 's "  2009 MTV Video Music Awards " will feature a personal tribute from Janet Jackson to her late brother , MTV said . Michael Jackson receives the Legend Award during the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards . Michael Jackson fans also will get their first peek during the MTV show at the behind-the-scenes documentary of the pop star 's final three months , the network said . MTV announced this week that Janet Jackson "  will help open " its video music awards show Sunday night with a tribute to her brother . No other details about her "  special appearance " were released . The trailer for the upcoming documentary "  Michael Jackson : This Is It " will also debut on the MTV show . It comes a month after concert promoter AEG Live handed over to Sony Pictures about 100 hours of video captured between April and June , when Jackson was preparing for his concert comeback . Fans who miss the MTV show , which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday at New York 's Radio City Music Hall , can preview the documentary online at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night , the network said . See guests arrive to awards show " British comedian Russell Brand will return to host Sunday 's Video Music Awards for the second straight year . It will be the first time the awards show has aired from New York since 2006 .	MTV says Janet Jackson will give tribute to her late brother Also promised : First look at documentary of pop star 's final three months The show airs live starting at 9 p.m. ET Sunday
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has apologized for his decision to walk off the course at last week 's PGA Tour tournament , and insists he will not repeat the mistake anytime soon . The world No. 1 left fellow professionals , fans and commentators in shock after leaving in the middle of his second round at the Honda Classic in Florida , where he was defending his title . The Northern Irishman had two bogeys , a double bogey and a triple bogey before hitting his tee shot at the 18th into the water , having started at hole nine . That led him to walk away citing a sore wisdom tooth , although he now admits that his actions were wrong and regrettable . "  I realized pretty quickly that it was n't the right thing to do , " McIlroy told reporters Wednesday . "  No matter how bad I was playing I should have stayed out there . "  I was n't in a good place with my golf game . My head was all over the place . It was a mistake . Everybody makes mistakes -- most of my mistakes are in the public eye . "  I 'm 23 . I 'm still learning . I have learned from it and it wo n't happen again . " A year in sport is a long time and McIlroy 's start to 2013 pales into insignificance compared to the form he was showing 12 months ago . Following the signing of a 10-year deal with Nike , which is reported to be worth $ 250 million , McIlroy has failed to recapture the magic which secured him the 2011 U.S. Open and 2012 PGA Championship titles . Since changing from his Titleist clubs to the Nike brand , he has failed to shine , missing the cut at Abu Dhabi and exiting the WGC Accenture World Matchplay event in Arizona at the first-round stage . With the Masters in Augusta on the horizon , McIlroy is aiming to rekindle the form which propelled him to the top of the PGA and European Tour money lists last year . And he is now hoping to start his resurgence at the $ 8.75 million WGC Cadillac Championship at Doral Thursday -- beginning with his swing . "  I know it 's purely the swing . The equipment is fantastic . No problem at all , " he said of his new equipment . "  When I make a good swing it does exactly what I want . It does n't make a difference what clubs I play . "  I 'm trying to change my swing but I 'm trying to change it back to where it was . I have been in that position before and I can get it back again . "  There 's no quick fix in golf . You 've got to get to the root of the problem . It 's still a work in progress . " McIlroy also revealed that he is waiting before deciding whether to add an extra event to his schedule before the Masters begins on April 11 . His only other scheduled tournament after Doral is the Houston Open from March 28-31 . "  I was waiting to see how I do this week , " he said . "  Right now I have n't made a decision . The likelihood is I wo n't add an event . It 's a possibility . I do n't think it 's likely . "	Rory McIlroy apologizes for walking off at Honda Classic World No. 1 will tee off at WGC Cadillac Championship Thursday Northern Irishman says he has no concerns over new Nike equipment McIlroy unlikely to add an extra event to calendar ahead of April 's Masters
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court made it harder Wednesday for foreign victims of torture and other crimes against humanity to press their legal claims against corporations and others in U.S. federal courts . The outcome could have significant global impact from a moral , political and financial perspective . At issue is the scope of a federal law that is increasingly being used in an effort to hold those accountable for human rights atrocities committed overseas . A dozen Nigerian political activists now living under asylum in the United States say foreign oil companies were complicit in violence at the hands of their former country 's military . Their decade-old civil damages lawsuits have been blocked from going to trial in American courts . Chief Justice John Roberts , writing for the unanimous court , said acts committed on foreign soil by foreign entities against foreign citizens typically can not be resolved in American courts . "  On these facts , all the relevant conduct took place outside the United States , " he said . "  Corporations are often present in many countries , and it would reach too far to say that mere corporate presence suffices " to press these kinds of legal claims . The Obama administration is siding partly with the foreign businesses . The justices first heard the case in February 2012 , trying to sort out whether individuals alone -- or political groups and corporations also -- are covered by broad civil immunity for alleged international law abuses . Then the court then took on another more fundamental question : whether the 1789 federal law can be applied to any conduct committed entirely outside the United States . Roberts , in his opinion , noted a ruling for the foreign plaintiffs could affect Americans living , working or traveling overseas . "  Accepting petitioners ' view would imply that other nations , also applying the law of nations , could hale our citizens into their courts for alleged violations of the law of nations occurring in the United States , or anywhere else in the world , " Roberts said . "  The presumption against extraterritoriality guards against our courts triggering such serious foreign policy consequences , and instead defers such decisions , quite appropriately , to the political branches . " The human rights appeal was filed on behalf of residents of the oil-abundant Ogoni area of the Niger River Delta . Two decades ago , they protested the longstanding environmental harm that Shell and other energy companies caused by extracting petroleum . They and their families say the Nigerian government brutally suppressed them , "  aided and abetted " by private corporations doing business there . The Ogoni 9 , as the key leaders became known , were allegedly detained , tortured and tried by a special Nigerian military tribunal , in violation of international human rights treaties . The Nigerian government 's 1993-1995 crackdown sparked global outrage after author Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other activists were convicted , then hanged . Among those bringing suit is his nephew , Charles Wiwa , who escaped the oppression and now lives in Chicago as a political refugee . He described being a student activist beaten by soldiers for hours in front of a crowd of onlookers , then detained and tortured for days . He says that Shell , based in the Netherlands and Britain , conspired with the government to keep its business operations going in the face of protests and should be held accountable for ignoring or encouraging a pattern of killings , rapes , beatings and property destruction . He said the United States is only place to obtain justice . "  Nigeria 's dictatorship has grown rich from its oil , " Wawa told CNN . "  It is important those  oil  companies be held responsible , because we can not bring any legal action in courts in Nigeria . " The U.S. law in question is the Alien Tort Statute , which gives federal courts jurisdiction over civil claims from foreigners that they were harmed by international law violations . It was largely ignored for decades but has become an important legal vehicle for those bringing human rights claims . Similar lawsuits involve Chevron and Exxon energy operations in Indonesia ; Chiquita Brand fruit farms in Colombia ; and businesses that operated years ago in the now-outlawed apartheid system in South Africa . "  Shell remains firmly committed to supporting fundamental human rights in line with the legitimate role of business and I want to make clear that we deny , in the strongest possible terms , the allegations made by the plaintiffs in this tragic case , " said Peter Rees , Shell 's legal director , in response to the ruling . "  Today 's decision does n't weaken the human rights of people around the world ; it makes it clear that the Alien Tort Statute does not provide a means for claims to be brought in the U.S. which have nothing to do with the U.S. " But a range of human rights groups said they were "  deeply disappointed . " "  Today 's decision moves one step closer to shutting the court room doors to victims of war crimes and torture , " said the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights . However , the organization said , "  This ruling is not a grant of immunity from liability . " The high court in 2004 endorsed the use of the statute in question , but only in limited circumstances . Wednesday 's decision reinforced that approach . But the four more liberal justices , while agreeing with the court 's conclusion , differed on the reasoning behind it . Justice Stephen Breyer suggested that the Alien Tort Statute should continue to have some strong enforcement application . "  International norms have long included a duty not to permit a nation to become a safe harbor for pirates  or their equivalent  , " he said , citing past Supreme Court cases . "  This approach would avoid placing the statute 's jurisdictional scope at odds with its substantive objectives , holding out ` the word of promise ' of compensation for victims of the torturer . " The civil lawsuits in the international law context have been compared to a separate , high-profile domestic political dispute . The high court in 2010 concluded that corporations -- businesses , unions and issue advocacy groups -- enjoy the same free speech rights as individuals when it comes to independent election spending . Now the issue in part was whether corporations and political entities should be treated the same as individual offenders when it comes to enforcing international human rights . The current case is Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.  10-1491  .	Lawsuits accused foreign oil companies of being complicit in violence against Nigerians In a unanimous ruling , the U.S. Supreme Court says a federal law does n't apply in this case Chief justice : Ruling for plaintiffs could affect Americans living , working or traveling overseas NEW : Shell says ruling does n't weaken human rights but rights advocates disappointed
CNN  -- Coca Cola was born in Atlanta , Georgia , on May 8 , 1886 . Dr. John Stith Pemberton , a local pharmacist , produced the syrup for Coca-Cola . It was put on sale at the nearby Jacobs ' Pharmacy for five cents a glass as a soda fountain drink . An international organization , The Coca-Cola Company 's first soda fountain sales to Canada and Mexico were recorded in 1897 . Its first international bottler -- in Panama -- was established in 1906 . The company entered China in 1927 and its 100th country -- Sierra Leone -- in 1957 . Today , The Coca-Cola Company is the world 's largest beverage company with the most extensive distribution system in the world , operating in more than 200 countries across the world . The company currently has over 400 different brands under its control , and is one of the most recognizable names in the commercial world . The Coca-Cola Company , including the bottling entities it owns , employs approximately 71,000 people . More than 58,000 of those employees work for the company outside of the U.S. . They are the largest private-sector employer across all of Africa . And in South Africa , for every one job created by the Coca-Cola system , 16 jobs are created in the informal retail sector . The company was placed in the top 25 places to work by Essence magazine and was named Wal-Mart 's International Supplier of the Year in 2006 . E-mail to a friend	Coca-Cola was invented in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1886 , by a U.S. pharmacist Today it is the largest beverage company in the world The company has operations in over 200 countries , employs 55,000 people
CNN  -- The horrific new report accusing Syria 's embattled regime of torturing and killing thousands of detainees in government custody may not be a game-changer for the peace talks set to open in Switzerland on Wednesday , but they may well shift the narrative -- if only for a day . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has played some powerful cards ahead of the Geneva 2 talks . He has cranked up the airstrikes in Aleppo , Syria 's biggest city and one of the main flashpoints of the three-year civil war that has devastated the country . And he sent Foreign Minister Walid Moallem to Moscow last week to announce a cease-fire proposal in an attempt to set the stage for opposition groups to look bad if they do n't agree to the deal . But when Syrian officials step in front of the cameras in Switzerland this week , the questions wo n't be about ceasefire deals . They 'll be about the report , first revealed by CNN and the Guardian in an exclusive on Monday , alleging systematic "  crimes against humanity " being committed against prisoners in Syrian jails . 4 things to know about Syria There may be moments of discomfort for Foreign Minister Moallem here , but they 'll be fleeting ones . It would be quite normal for the Syrians to question the authenticity of the photos depicting torture and starvation of prisoners , to brush the issue aside or shift the focus to the atrocities they claim have been committed by rebels  or "  terrorists , " as they 're known in government parlance  . We certainly wo n't see the Assad regime admitting culpability over this . And while the timing of the report 's release clearly seems intended to push some much-needed wind into the sails of the groups opposed to Assad , it 's hard to see how they 'll benefit much from the new revelations . Organizationally , the opposition is a mess . Several of the largest groups , including the Syrian National Council , are n't even showing up to the talks . Rival rebel factions are massacring each other by the hundreds in the streets and alleys of cities across Syria . Even worse , none of the politicians who make up the majority of the Western-backed Syrian opposition are in the country , so they are n't in control of the military forces battling Assad 's troops on the ground . The U.S. State Department said they hope a few rebel army leaders show up to the talks , but again , who are they and what weight do they actually carry ? The principal rebel commander the U.S. was backing , Free Syrian Army general Salim Idris , fled the country in December . The influence of the group is being increasingly diminished by Islamist and al Qaeda-backed militants who the U.S. does not support . All in all , no one is expecting any major breakthroughs during one day of talks . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who will attend the first day of talks in Montreux before they move to Geneva over the weekend , has said in the past that negotiations to end the Vietnam war took years . The best case scenario for these talks is more talks -- and that none of the parties get up and storm out . In terms of negotiations , when will we see some substantial compromises ? Assad recently told reporters that we 're still months away from him announcing a date for planned 2014 national elections . It seems increasingly likely that Assad will again run for president . But there 's always the possibility that he could use the ongoing war to postpone elections altogether . Let 's face it : how could you really hold elections when eight million people are displaced in Syria ? The regime would control the balloting and accounting processes : who would provide security ? It would be crazy to think international monitors could reliably observe national polls with a full-blown war happening all around them . If -- and probably when -- Assad won an election , it is clear the opposition would simply continue to refuse to recognize him as the legitimate leader of Syria . But until the yet-to-be announced date for a poll approaches , we are n't going to get to a decisive moment in peace talks . It 's too early to say , and we 're still so far away from any compromise points . EXCLUSIVE : Gruesome Syria photos may prove torture by Assad regime CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	The new report accusing Bashar al-Assad 's regime of torture may shift the focus of the peace talks Syrians may question the authenticity of the photos , writes CNN 's Nic Robertson Organizationally , the Syrian opposition is a mess , he says Robertson : No one is expecting any major breakthroughs during one day of talks
Washington  CNN  -- Federal judges struck down Texas lawmakers ' plans for new congressional and state legislative districts Tuesday , finding the maps were designed to discriminate against minorities . The ruling by a three-judge panel is at least a temporary victory for the Obama administration , which had challenged the redistricting plan drawn up after the 2010 census . Those plans require Justice Department approval under Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act . "  The Department is pleased that the district court has denied Texas 's request for pre-clearance , " the agency said . The summary opinion of the three Washington judges declared the redrawn lines were intentionally designed to discriminate against racial and language minorities , noting that Texas officials "  did not adequately engage with the evidence " presented . The Justice Department had challenged the redistricting plans for congressional districts and state House of Representatives seats . It did not challenge the state Senate district lines , but the court said that plan also showed intentional discrimination . The Republican-led Legislature and Texas Gov. Rick Perry had defended the plans . An official familiar with the case said Texas would promptly appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court . The Republican-led Legislature and Texas Gov. Rick Perry had defended the plans . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , also a Republican , blasted the court 's ruling . "  The Attorney General 's office will continue defending the maps enacted by the Texas Legislature , and will immediately take steps to appeal this flawed decision to the U.S. Supreme Court , " Abbott said in a statement on the decision . Texas officials made clear appealing the disputed original maps enacted by the state Legislature that were struck down Tuesday will not affect the November elections . Interim maps , which were drawn by a lower federal court in San Antonio , will be used as planned for this year 's elections . In January : Supreme Court rejects court-drawn Texas redistricting map	NEW : Texas officials will appeal "  this flawed decision , " the state 's attorney general says The court found Texas districts were drawn to discriminate against minorities The ruling is a win for the Justice Department , which challenged the maps
Washington  CNN  -- Six months after a gunman burst into a Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school and slaughtered 20 children and killed six others , promises of stricter national gun control laws remain largely unfulfilled . And though the families of those lost made yet another pilgrimage to Washington this week to plead for action in meetings with the two top House Republicans , it is highly unlikely that lawmakers will act . After the meeting Wednesday , House Speaker John Boehner said the discussions were "  very good . " Boehner declined to say much more about the discussion with the group , but Majority Leader Eric Cantor , who was also at the meeting , told reporters , "  I was struck again by the incredible pain that they are going through . I just ca n't imagine as a parent that kind of pain . My heart goes out to them . " Backers of gun control proposals were unable to advance legislation in the Senate centered on expanded background checks earlier this year , even after a high-profile push . The House never took up the measures . President Barack Obama lashed out when the Senate effort faltered , calling the defeat a "  pretty shameful day for Washington . " The political climate is n't right . Politically vulnerable moderate Democrats eyeing the 2014 midterm elections do n't want to risk political capital by voting to pass both an immigration overhaul and comprehensive gun control legislation , said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's recent move to discourage funding the four Democratic senators who voted against shoring up background checks on gun sales will largely amount to a "  symbolic " gesture , Gergen said . Two of the four -- Sen. Mark Pryor , D-Arkansas , and Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska , -- are facing re-election in 2014 . Leading Democrats are also dubious about the overall impact of such a move . "  The only way to pass a background check bill is to maintain a Democratic majority in the Senate , and any efforts that make that less likely are counterproductive , " said Adam Jentleson , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  Ninety percent of Democrats agree with the 90 % of Americans who support background checks , and a Republican majority would guarantee that no background check bill passes in the foreseeable future , " he said . There 's also no incentive for the Republican-controlled House to take up gun control as an issue . That chamber 's leaders have said they wo n't bring the matter up until the Senate acts . In either case , it seems as if the nation has moved on . Though national polls taken after the Newtown shooting showed that roughly 90 % of Americans supported some form of universal background checks , less than half of those polled were upset by the Senate 's failure to pass that type of measure , according to a Washington Post/Pew Research Center poll . "  I 'm afraid the moment has probably passed , " Gergen said . After the Newtown shooting , gun control advocates redoubled their efforts with a nation mourning the loss of school children . The issue also galvanized the Obama administration . However , they have thus-far been outmatched by efforts of a powerful gun lobby and a motivated and vocal interest group , the National Rifle Association , said Jon Vernick , co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . However , this year 's defeat may could still result in eventual legislative change , Vernick said . In the absence of congressional action on a slate of gun control measures ranging from an assault weapons ban to expanded background checks , many states have taken matters into their own hands . While some states like Connecticut and New York have strengthened laws , others have done the opposite . Undaunted by congressional inaction , the White House is still pushing for tighter laws . Vice President Joe Biden recently shared his confidence that Congress will act with fellow Democrats in an e-mail and chastised Republicans during a recent fundraiser for not supporting expanded background checks for gun sales . Biden is also holding a gun control event at the White House next week . Biden , a former senator , and Reid are also reportedly in talks on how best to resurrect related legislation . "  I am not going to bring up a vote just to have a vote , " Reid said last week . "  I want to bring up this vote again if we can accomplish something that seems pretty common sense to me . If you have severe mental problems or you are a criminal you should n't be able to buy a gun . That 's what , I agree with 90 % of the American people , we should get this done . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Six months after Newtown , gun-control legislation has stalled despite public support Competing political agendas , re-election concerns make it unlikely it will be revisited States have since enacted their own laws in the wake of congressional inaction White House still pushing for new limits in response to school , other mass shootings
Sochi  CNN  -- Amid security anxieties , indignation over Russian politics , the furore over unfinished media accommodation and astronomic costs , one key component of the Winter Olympics has been all but forgotten : the thousands of athletes streaming into Sochi . When not competing , they will spend a large chunk of their time at the Olympic Village -- the traditional home for most of those taking part . Sochi has two to boast : one in the imposing landscape of the Caucasus mountains ; the other on the Black Sea 's sunny northern banks . These are dwellings that resemble small towns -- you need a lot of rooms to house 6,000 athletes from 85 nations . The coastal destination surely proves an easy sell to any would-be resident for the month of February . If holiday brochures existed for a stay in the Olympic Village , it might read : "  Upmarket holiday camp , with pleasant residential buildings that come inclusive with very own McDonald 's , round-the-clock dining room with flavors from around the world , fully-fitted games room -- boasting table tennis , pool tables and computer games -- free bar and 24-hour gym , in great location just off the beach . "  There are grass lawns to sit out on and enjoy the sun  the climate is so favorable they say there are only three seasons , winter is skipped on the coast  , traffic is non-existent and crime is wonderfully low . " Just as importantly for the athletes , their accommodation is a stone 's throw away from some of the best winter sport facilities in the world , making it possible to have your breakfast and walk to the ice rink in under 10 minutes -- a first in Winter Olympic history . But with any holiday accommodation , and especially when you have thousands of happy campers to please , there have been a few teething problems . So the management would like to apologize for the swimming pools not being ready -- they are currently empty of water -- and an inability to fulfil the promise of creating landscapes in and around the athletes ' blocks . "  In the brochure the organizers provided to the teams this area was meant to be a bird sanctuary ... but I do n't think they were able to plant the trees in time , " Team GB short-track speed skater Charlotte Gilmartin told CNN "  But apart from that everything else has been great ! " added Gilmartin as she follows the gravel path which navigates across an area of wasteland separating the dining facilities from her team 's apartment building . We 'll guess from that she 'd give it a four-star rating as she crosses the road and opens the door to a building which , on every floor , has balconies festooned with British flags . Flags which , incidentally , have already become a source of rivalry between athletes from competing nations , if the images posted on Twitter and Instagram are anything to go by -- the bigger the better . For the duration of the Games , Gilmartin will call this home . Once inside , after traveling up four flights in an elevator that still has that freshly-installed smell , we walk down a clean , window-lit passageway to a door that has a Union Jack flag doormat daubed with a "  Welcome " message . Gilmartin 's airy , open-plan room consists of two single beds -- she shares it with a teammate -- with sea views from a decent-sized balcony , a modern bathroom , double-glazed windows , storage cupboards and an ample lounge area with television . Orange bikes As with all Olympic Games , the organizers provide teams with a fully functional room with basic furniture -- similar in quality to a well-known Swedish brand by the look of it -- and then allow the respective Olympic associations to adorn the rooms as they see fit . In Team GB 's case , this entails some patriotic pictures hung on the wall , the provision of "  good luck " cuddly toys , themed cushions and the aforementioned doormat . Despite reports of pillow shortages in the mountain cluster village , both beds boast two cushions apiece . Each room 's crowning glory is surely the uniquely patterned quilt for the beds that can then be taken home afterwards by competitors as a souvenir -- as is traditional for all Games The 2014 quilts are light-blue with stitched diamonds of colored flowers . Very nice . Very Russian . So if there have been problems with hotels occupied by journalists , it seems the Winter Games athletes are having a very different experience . "  After five days I have no problems , " says Russian speed skater Ekaterina Lobysheva -- a veteran of three Olympic Games -- speaking to CNN over a lunch of Chinese noodles . "  And the food is very good . I prefer Asian and Italian food , which is good because they have a cook here from Italy too . "  I 'm lucky , I do n't really have a diet because I use so many calories . This is the first time my country has hosted the Winter Games and I hope these facilities will help popularize my sport . " Finnish ice hockey player Susanna Tapan also gave the accommodation the thumbs up . "  It 's very exciting . This is my first Olympics , and I 'm enjoying it very much so far . The accommodation has been great . " One of the most striking attractions of the village is the way different nations bring their own distinctive characteristics . Most notably the Dutch , who are pedaling around on orange bikes . There may not be the recording studio that London 2012 laid on for the athletes , but between the gym , the bar , the dining room , the pool tables and the beach , there is plenty to keep them occupied . And if spectators find their hotels are closer to the standard of the athletes ' village compared to that of the media accommodation , we might even start to get excited about the great sporting prospect that awaits . Let the Games begin !	Sochi 's two Olympic villages house 6,000 athletes from 85 nations . Athletes can access games room and 24-hour gym Athletes allowed to take home uniquely patterned quilts 2014 quilts are light-blue with stitched diamonds of colored flower
Juneau , Alaska  CNN  -- Quick : Name the governor of Alaska . Nope , not Sarah Palin . He 's no reality TV star . Is n't on anyone 's list of 2016 presidential candidates . And the local press thinks he 's so bland they call him the "  Oatmeal Governor . " But Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell deserves national name-recognition for one reason : He 's taking on one of the most important issues of our time . He 's trying to get Alaska to talk about the "  resident evil " of rape . "  It 's culturally permissible to be silent about it , " and that must change , Parnell told me in a recent interview at the governor 's office in Juneau .  You commissioned that trip , by the way , as part of CNN 's Change the List project . More on that here . For years , this state -- which has the highest reported rate of rape in the country , according to 2012 FBI crime estimates -- denied it had a problem . Politicos and advocates said maybe Alaskans reported rape more often than people in other states -- but , gosh , it could n't be a bigger problem here than elsewhere , could it ? Related : The rapist next door Parnell has helped end that era of senseless denial . In our interview , he called violence against women an "  epidemic . " Like an alcoholic must admit he has a problem in order to face it , he told me , the governor of the state with the highest rape rate must , too , fess up to the problem in order to solve it . "  I ca n't wave a wand and solve alcoholism , I ca n't wave a wand and solve domestic violence , but I can work to create a climate where it 's culturally permissible to speak about these things with our family and friends , get people to help who cross our paths , to stand up for those who are being abused and hurt , " he said . "  To me that 's a win in the end . " True enough . The cornerstone of Parnell 's campaign is his "  Choose Respect " initiative , which he announced in late 2009 after assuming the office from Palin . Now nearing the end of his first full term and seeking re-election in 2014 , Parnell , a Republican , oversees a state that has increased spending on sexual violence treatment and prevention at a time when the overall state budget is shrinking . The "  Choose Respect " program would receive $ 12.4 million in fiscal year 2015 if the governor 's proposed budget were approved . That 's only 0.1 % of the total proposed budget , but it 's still considerable . The laid-back 51-year-old governor , who looks like a kinder version of Sean Hannity plus Vladimir Putin , was born in California but moved to Anchorage at age 10 , according to a biography on the Republican Governors Association website . His dad was in the Army and later served in the state legislature . Parnell , an attorney , once worked as a lobbyist for ConocoPhillips and other oil and gas interests . He served in the state legislature and then as lieutenant governor to Palin . Even liberals in the state , like Caren Robinson , who started the first women 's shelter in Juneau , praise the fact that he has supported addressing domestic violence and rape since the 1990s as a member of the legislature . Parnell was elected to the Alaska House at age 29 . I disagree with some of Parnell 's policies -- he 's not giving enough autonomy to Native Alaskan communities and courts , for instance , which may be well poised in some cases to handle cases of sexual and gender-based violence ; his decision to block part of Obamacare is unwise ; and , despite substantial efforts to change things , parts of the state is so remote they 're almost totally lawless , which leads people to rape and abuse with a sense of near-impunity . The lawless ` end of the land ' But the governor 's efforts to get Alaska to talk about rape and violence against women are laudable in and of themselves . No policy will be able to fix this problem as long as silence and shame surround rape and abuse . Someone 's got to speak up . I saw some results of the "  Choose Respect " program firsthand :  $ cents In Juneau , I met members of the Thunder Mountain High School basketball team , which participates in a program called Coaching Boys into Men . The team 's coach , John Blasco , talks with his players regularly about healthy dating relationships and respect for women . A star shooting guard , Matt Seymour , 18 , told me there have been instances when he 's told teammates not to use demeaning language about women because of what he learned as part of the program .  $ cents In one small town in southwest Alaska , I met young people who are learning about the Yupik Eskimo culture in after-school programs at the Tundra Women 's Coalition , which receives funding from the state . The idea is that traditional culture can strengthen society and , ultimately , reduce rates of sexual assault . I also met women who were flown into a shelter run by the coalition from outlying villages that are not connected to road systems .  $ cents Across Alaska , I saw the power of a statewide survey analyzed by the University of Alaska Anchorage Justice Center , and funded by the state . The survey effectively ended debate about whether Alaska has a problem with domestic violence and sexual assault , said Andre Rosay , director of the center . The 2010 survey of 871 adult women found 37 % had suffered sexual violence and 59 % had been the victim of sexual violence and/or intimate partner violence in their lifetimes . "  It was shocking and distressing for many people " to see how common violence against women really was in Alaska , said Lauree Morton , executive director of the Alaska Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault , a state-funded agency . That survey also has spurred change . 5 ways to help end rape in Alaska Alaska should n't have needed those shocking numbers in order to act , but they do underscore the need for urgent action , and that information has won converts . Parnell told me he is convinced Alaska can change in part because his own grandfather was verbally and physically abusive to his family . But violence stopped with Parnell 's father , who was never violent , he said . "  That gives me hope for the future of our country , when I see people taking that responsibility to live larger than what they 've been taught , " the governor said . Parnell is leaning on his people to spread the message that violence against women haunts Alaska and should not be tolerated . The state promotes a series of "  Choose Respect " marches , which were organized in more than 140 communities across the state last year and will be held again in the spring . Those rallies help create a climate where "  more people come to safety and more people are willing to speak about the unspeakable , " Parnell said . "  That 's been the hardest part about the evil among us : We have n't been willing to talk about it , " the governor added . "  The ` Choose Respect ' initiative has given Alaskans permission to speak about these things . " Meet Alaska 's pioneer woman He added : "  I 'm also sending a message as a man to women who have endured this shame that they are not to blame . They do not need to carry the guilt and shame -- and we are willing to embrace and love them unconditionally . " Parnell would like the "  Choose Respect " campaign to spread across the country . He told me sports figures , in particular , have the power to raise awareness about ending sexual violence . "  This is going to be won in the hearts and minds of our young people , " he said . "  To have a nation where every person lives free of fear ... and every person has that hope and opportunity for the future , that 's my dream . But it 's going to take everybody -- it 's going to take ` real-deal ' heroes standing up and speaking out and giving people permission to speak about this . " Those "  real-deal heroes " should include people like Sarah Palin , the woman still more associated with the governorship in the American public 's mind than Parnell . And -- forget celebrity -- they should include you , too . Hold a "  Choose Respect " march in your community and let me know about it by tagging your photos #chooserespect on Twitter , Facebook or Instagram . If you tag your photos , they will show up on this page . Bonus points if you can convince Sarah Palin to upload one , too . States where rape is most common The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Alaska is estimated to have the highest rape rate in the country John Sutter talks with Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell Parnell calls rape Alaska 's "  resident evil " and an "  epidemic " The governor 's "  Choose Respect " campaign aims to change that
CNN  -- This year , maybe you think you got everything you ever wanted for Christmas  so long as everything you ever wanted was socks and underwear  . But you 're wrong . You did n't get everything you ever wanted . Because there 's one thing you probably did n't even know existed until right now . Thus you did n't get it . Of course , I 'm talking about a life-size lobster case for your iPhone . Of course . The Lobster Mobile Telephone Case is another completely unnecessary electronics accessory that recently started trending online because , clearly , we love our technology , but , at the same time , simply ca n't leave well enough alone . So we get freaky . "  Excuse me , sir , do you sell leather bondage cuffs for Kindles ? " OK , some of us get freakier than others . Do n't judge . You see , these days it is n't enough to just bask in the original design beauty of your device . Never mind that entire teams of smart , creative individuals got together and made a sleek , shiny phone into one of the sexiest things on the planet . Your job , as a consumer , is to cover it with something lumpy . My friend Carini 's head , for example . But you have to accessorize . For safety . It 's about protecting your investment , and , really , if you 're going to do that , you might as well give it some personality . Enter the lobster . Or maybe not . You see , the lobster case was n't actually designed to be functional . Quite the opposite , in fact . This thing is art . The creator of the lobster case is an Australian named Elliot Gorham who , with his design company Noddy Boffin , specializes in contemporary furniture and lighting . How this particular product fits into his business model I do n't know , but I think we 're all better people because of it . Then again , I say that about everything . "  Did you hear Jim has syphilis ? " "  Well , we 're all better people because of it . " "  Not Jim . " Regardless , Gorham says of his art , "  The phone case is a commentary on both the curious nature of the mobile phone case industry and of the modern dependency and/or addiction to mobile technology . " To be fair , I liked it better when it was just a lobster case . But all right , I can accept that there 's more to it . I get art . I 'm cultured . I 've been known to wear pants occasionally . But what Gorham wants us to take away is that we need to detach from our mobile technology . So the lobster is meant to be very user-unfriendly as a personal deterrent , resulting , as he says , in "  minimal enjoyment of function , zero fashion credibility and lastly , reduced mobility to the user . " Clearly , however , it seems Gorham is unfamiliar with the great American hipster , for it is those very reasons that make the lobster case desirable . Though even if you are n't of the hipster species , it 's still a pretty cool-looking phone accessory . For about an hour . That 's when you realize that you have a lobster in your pants . But an hour is more than enough time to feel special . Which is sort of the point . To this , Gorham notes , "  Like most mobile phone cases , it does offer the illusion of individualism . " His creation was actually inspired by arguably one of the weirdest  and most brilliant  people ever , Salvador Dali , who , in 1936 , designed a fully functioning Lobster Telephone . Not merely just an iPhone case . Though that would 've been impressive . "  I promise in seventy years this will be relevant . " At the time , Dali called his creation of a painted plaster lobster attached to the receiver the Aphrodisiac Telephone , presumably just to mess with people . Because , generally speaking , crustaceans do n't inspire lust . At least to most people . For me , it 's sort of "  a thing . " Anyway , whether or not you would walk around with Gorham 's modern version of Dali 's lobster phone is a moot point . According to Mashable , right now it 's only a design concept and not currently on the market . So you 're stuck with whatever stupid , boring case you bought at the Apple store . And , really , we 're all better people because of it . But not Jim . He still has syphilis .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at items trending online This week , Jarrett Bellini cracks open the Lobster Mobile Telephone Case The case is a statement about modern dependency on technology , Bellini says It will also probably make hipsters very happy , he says
CNN  -- Stargazers crossed their fingers Thursday as NASA attempted to revive the planet-hunting Kepler probe , idled since a piece of critical equipment gave out in orbit two months ago . Kepler has been sidelined since mid-May , when a reaction wheel that helps aim the spacecraft 's telescope failed . Controllers launched a series of tests that will determine whether that device can be restarted , or whether another reaction wheel that quit in July 2012 can be reactivated . Controllers have remained in communication with the craft , which is about 45 million miles from Earth . It takes about four minutes for a radio signal to traverse that gap . In the first round of tests , telemetry from the craft indicated the wheel that shut down in May spun counterclockwise , but did n't respond to commands to turn clockwise , NASA reported . Controllers will go ahead with tests scheduled for next week on the other wheel while they study the results of Thursday 's effort . Kepler project manager Roger Hunter called Thursday 's findings "  an interesting development . " "  While this is a positive start , it is very early in the multi-stepped process to characterize the performance of the reaction wheels and to determine if one could return to operation , " Hunter said in a written statement . "  The team will remain focused on the upcoming tests and report the cumulative test results at the end of the month . " The 15-foot , 2,300-pound spacecraft was launched in 2009 to search for Earth-size planets circling stars like our sun . The roughly $ 600 million mission has so far confirmed 134 planets and identified nearly 3,300 possible planets beyond our solar system . Kepler was built with four reaction wheels and needs three to keep the spacecraft aimed precisely at its targets -- one to fine-tune the spacecraft 's position on each axis . After May 's failure , only two remained in service and the probe went into a low-powered state to preserve fuel . "  We 're kind of hoping for the best , but planning for the worst , " said Sara Seager , an astrophysicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Kepler 's observations have focused on a sliver of the cosmos around the Northern Hemisphere constellations Cygnus and Lyra . They have led scientists to believe that most stars in our galaxy have planets circling them . The craft 's light-recording photometer has shown that the intensities of as many as two-thirds of stars are more variable than our sun . And in April , researchers reported that they had identified three planets that could potentially host life . Two of those -- Kepler 62e and 62f , located about 1,200 light-years away -- are considered the best candidates so far . "  We really want Kepler to be able to return to be able to operation in the same way that it was before the wheel failed , " said Seager , a former member of the Kepler science team . "  That 's the ultimate hope . " But the probe has already surpassed its three-and-a-half-year minimum expected lifespan , and it has collected enough data to keep scientists busy for up to two years . And even if Kepler ca n't regain the kind of steady precision required for its observations to date , NASA may be able to use the spacecraft for other purposes , Seager said .	NEW : First round of tests yields mixed but "  interesting " results , NASA says Kepler has identified 134 planets beyond our solar system Space telescope has been idled since a key control failed in May NASA hopes to get the probe back into operation in the coming weeks
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Desperation grew among Filipinos who 've been without electricity or shelter for more than a week since Super Typhoon Haiyan reduced homes to splinters , prompting the military to alter rescue maneuvers , an official said Saturday . "  People swarm the helicopters , so we land the helicopters a little bit farther from the population areas , " said Maj. Gen. Romer Poquiz of the Philippine Air Force . "  So before the people come in , we would take off , go and drop in other places , drop and then go , drop , go , drop , go , at various places . " Several countries , including the U.S. military , continued to assist Philippine authorities in a massive relief effort of delivering food and water to the devastated swaths of the archipelago . The central government is being criticized for a slow and disorganized response to what all agree is a catastrophic disaster . The U.S. military may rotate out the aircraft carrier group with the USS George Washington once amphibious ships arrive , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . Relief efforts were also showing a lot of field hospital capability , the official said . Meanwhile , military planes and helicopters delivered foodstuffs , and some people carried all that remained of their possessions and were lucky enough to be ferried to refuge in Cebu . U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague said the Royal Navy 's HMS Daring was scheduled to arrive Sunday morning and assist the relief efforts . An disclosed number of British nationals remain unaccounted for , Hague said . The toll remains overwhelming with thousands dead , about 3 million people displaced , vast communities flattened and looting and violence erupting in Tacloban , a major city that 's the ground zero in the super typhoon strike . Crews continued to collect bodies from streets , with the death toll increased Sunday to 3,681 , according to the official death count . The number of injured stood at 12,544 , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council reported . At least 1,186 were missing . The death toll could still climb higher , with an additional 1,000 cadaver bags sent to provinces , the disaster council announced as search-and-rescue operations continued in Tacloban City . The national disaster council 's executive director , Eduardo Del Rosario , said the bags would be placed on standby , given that most of the bodies had already been buried in mass graves or claimed by relatives . Cadaver bags are cleaned before being reused , he said . The Philippines News Association reported Friday that five-person teams that include a forensic expert and photographer would begin using a "  quick system " for the bodies on Saturday . "  Under the system , the public will not be allowed to view the identification process , but relatives will be asked to participate in the final identification of corpses at an appointed time , " it reported , citing the Department of Health . Each team will be required to handle 40 corpses per day , it said . Health Secretary Enrique Ona said that photos will be taken , identifying marks will be documented and belongings and tissue samples for possible use in DNA testing will be collected , when practical . The arrival in recent days of hundreds of aid workers and military troops has seen a floodgate of humanitarian aid -- food , water and medical supplies -- open , albeit sporadically , in the hard hit provinces . A senior U.S. military official said approximately 9,000 U.S. troops are supporting the operation in the Philippines . U.S. military assets have delivered approximately 623,000 pounds of relief supplies . Under a hot sun , refugees held umbrellas as they waited in line for provisions . Some wore masks apparently as protection from the rot and decay of their obliterated communities . The nation 's disaster agency said between 9 million and 13 million people were affected in 44 provinces , 536 municipalities and 55 cities . Jethro Mullen reported from Tacloban . Ben Brumfield reported in Atlanta and Michael Martinez reported and wrote in Los Angeles . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Nana Karikari-apau and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Desperation grows as people are without power and shelter for more than a week The military must avoid swarming people during food drops U.S. may rotate out USS George Washington once amphibious ships arrive U.K. 's Royal Navy will arrive Sunday as many British nationals are still missing
In the two months since the United States and coalition allies first launched airstrikes against ISIS targets inside of Syria , the missions have killed more than 900 people , nearly all militants , a monitoring group said Saturday . But 52 civilians , including eight children and five women , are among those who have been killed in the coalition airstrikes inside Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The London-based organization is aligned with the Syrian opposition . The United States had mostly stayed out of the Syria 's civil war , which has been ongoing since March 2011 , but as the battlefield fractured with the entry of jihadists like ISIS , the calculus changed . Of the 910 deaths the observatory has linked to the airstrikes , some 785 were ISIS fighters . That number is likely even higher because of incidents in which the group had difficulty documenting . Seventy-two of those killed belonged to the al Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front , the observatory said , and one was a militant from the Islamic Battalions . More than 191,000 Syrians have been killed in the civil war , as of August , according to the United Nations . ISIS threatens government center in Iraq 's Anbar province	Monitoring group says airstrikes have killed more than 900 in Syria Nearly all of those killed were militants , the group says 52 civilians are among dead The U.S. and its allies began airstrikes two months ago
CNN  England footballer Adam Johnson has been suspended by his club Sunderland until a police investigation has been completed , the Press Association reported Monday . Sunderland 's statement made no mention of why Johnson had been arrested , but earlier on Monday , a northeast England police force confirmed a 27-year-old man was in custody "  on suspicion of sexual activity with a girl under 16 , " though Durham Constabulary would not confirm if the individual in question was the Sunderland player . "  He remains in police custody and is helping officers with their inquiries , " added the statement , referring to the 27-year-old man . "  Sunderland AFC has confirmed that Adam Johnson has been suspended from the club , pending the outcome of a police investigation . No further comment will be made at the present time , " the club told the Press Association . English Premier League club Sunderland refused to comment when contacted by CNN over the arrest of the 27-year-old Johnson . The last of his 12 international appearances for the senior England team was in August 2012 . He started his career with Sunderland 's local rival Middlesbrough , making his debut at the age of 17 , and was sold to Manchester City for a reported fee of # 7 million  $ 10.8 million  in early 2010 . Johnson helped City to win the 2011-12 Premier League title but was bought by his hometown team Sunderland for a reported # 10 million  $ 15.3 million  at the start of the following season .	A 27-year-old man arrested on "  suspicion of sexual activity " with a 15-year-old girl British media report the man in question is England footballer Adam Johnson Johnson plays for English Premier League team Sunderland
CNN  This article contains language that may be offensive to some . Since the news broke last weekend that Hillary Clinton had declared her candidacy , notable among the blitz of news stories are the many that refer to her as the mononymous "  Hillary , " as if she were a pop star in a pantsuit . The New York Post published an item titled "  Lena Dunham backs Hillary for President " while gossip site TMZ refers to the former FLOTUS , U.S. senator , and secretary of state on a first-name basis throughout its news story on the announcement . Even The New Republic posted a piece about the run called "  There 's Nothing Inevitable about Hillary . " She 's famous enough by now to go by one name , but should she ? While Clinton is arguably more widely known than any of her to-date opponents , she 's also a former U.S. senator and secretary of state . She 's not Beyonc . And yet , despite her decorated career in government , we 've long called Clinton by her first name , and her first name only , in a way we do n't do with men who have held similar , or even vaguely similar , positions of power . According to a University of Utah study , Clinton was called by her first name four times more than her 2008 rival , Barack Obama , and so it goes this time around . After all , Rand 's also running for president . So is Marco . When those guys declared , however , they got headlines that included their last names . There 's a very good reason for that . Presidential candidates are not just professionals , but professionals declaring their candidacy for a position that many consider to be the most powerful in the world . A position that not only deserves formality and respect , but within a global context seems to require it . Being president of the United States is a serious job . Are there "  Ted for President " signs in our future ? Unlikely . Were we encouraged to "  Vote for Mitt " ? Nope . The U.S. Army , meanwhile , is one of the most regimented organizations in the world , whose values put dignity and respect at top priority . Cadets do n't call their commanding officers by their first names , even -- maybe especially -- if they 're women . So why are we all referring to the possible next commander-in-chief as if we 're part of her circle of close pals ? Before you point to the fact that Clinton is not the first Clinton to cross this particular political threshold , the issue at hand is not one of practicality : The American public is smart enough to distinguish between this Clinton and that Clinton . George W. Bush was n't the first in his family to run for office , and when he did , legitimate newspapers did n't go around noting the "  W "  or even "  Dubya "  was up for the job . He was just Bush , as he should have been , just as Clinton is just Clinton , a woman who has done a very good job distinguishing herself from her husband without the need to be referred to by her first name in order to avoid a case of mistaken identity . Of course , the mononymity does n't seem to be unwelcome : Sections of Clinton 's website invite readers to "  Like Hillary on Facebook " and read about "  Hillary 's Story , " while the campaign 's official hashtag appears to be #Hillary2016 . Her campaign chairman reportedly emailed potential campaign donors yesterday with the missive that "  It 's official : Hillary 's running for President . " Perhaps Clinton and her advisers believe the single name makes her more personable , and familiar . Maybe it 's an effort to distance Clinton from the other gender-based stereotype slapped on her the last time around , when she was "  the bitch " to Sarah Palin 's "  ditz . " But while we should like our president -- if not desire to have her as a personal friend -- it 's far more important to trust , and respect , her -- and that still requires a level of formality . It 's important for the American public to be able to imagine electing a leader not despite the fact that she 's a woman , or even because she 's a woman , but who , very simply , happens to be a woman . Whether she endorses the idea or not , calling Clinton by her first name serves to , at best , reinforce gender and workplace stereotypes -- that women need to be "  approachable , " not abrasive or aloof , in order to get the job done and be liked while doing it -- and at worst , infantilize and put her in her place . There 's a reason , after all , that we address current and former presidents as Mr. President when we meet them , and not "  Hey , Jimmy ! " And if there 's a reason Hillary Clinton will be elected as our next president , it 's not because she let us call her Hillary .	Peggy Drexler : Media , even candidate herself call Clinton just ` Hillary . ' This reinforces stereotypes about women needing to be approachable She says especially in global context , trust , respect important for the potential leader of free world , not familiarity . Just ` Hillary ' not appropriate
CNN  -- Thailand 's festering southern insurgency has come a long way since the early 2000s when ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra dismissed the insurgents as mere "  sparrow bandits . " Initially unwilling to take seriously what could emerge as a threat to Thai national integrity , Bangkok has over the past decade attempted to paint its restive southern Muslim states as suffering from little more than a small-scale insurgency led by shadowy groups with nebulous demands . In the light of the last week 's brazen attack in southern Thailand in which 16 militants were killed in an hour-long firefight at a naval base , analysts say that argument is looking increasingly threadbare . Well-armed , motivated and increasingly audacious , the Muslim insurgency in the southern provinces of Pattani , Yala , Narathiwat , Satun and Songkhla has emerged with a clear goal : the creation of a separate Muslim state for the region 's 1.8 million Muslim ethnic Malays . The insurgency has so far claimed more than 5,300 lives and left more than 9,000 injured in nine years of escalating attacks that have included drive-by shootings , bomb blasts and beheadings , according to Deep South Watch , an non-government that monitors the conflict in the southern provinces . "  We are seeing a greater radicalization of the insurgency , " said Sunai Phasuk , a senior researcher on Thailand at Human Rights Watch  HRW  . "  They do n't want the presence of anyone in the region apart from ethnic Malays and this they 've made clear with public announcements . " The Pattani Independence Fighters  Pejuang Kemerdekaan Pattani  come under the umbrella of the BRN-Coordinate  National Revolution Front-Coordinate  -- a group that combines ethnic Malay nationalism and Islamist ideologies in equal measure . Their aim is to create an independent state called Pattani Darulsalam  Islamic Land of Pattani  using violence and terror to oppose what they claim is a Thai Buddhist occupation . The Thai government has sent more than 150,000 soldiers to the region to protect it from an estimated 3,000 to 9,000 rebel  or juwae as they are called locally  fighters , according to estimates from human rights groups . While government statistics put Thai Buddhists at just 6 % of the region 's population , Muslims complain they dominate the region . Education , in particular , has been one of the fault lines in the conflict , with hard line Muslims viewing the school system as a tool of Thai colonialism . Human Rights Watch say 157 teachers have been killed since 2004 . The southern provinces were once part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate until they were annexed by Thailand -- then called Siam -- in 1909 . While calls for secession have simmered since then , an insurgent raid to steal weapons from an army camp in January , 2004 , led to a crackdown by the Thai military , which sparked the modern insurgency . Later that year , the Thai military opened fire on protesters at Tak Bai in Pattani , killing seven people . Almost 1,300 protesters were detained at the scene , stripped and some of them tortured , while others were transported to Inkayut Military Camp in the province -- a journey of five hours . Detainees were stacked into military vans so tightly that 78 people died of suffocation en route . The government has since tried to reverse its heavy handed policy in the region , using instead a heart-and-minds campaign to pacify the provinces . According to Lt. General Ditthaporn Sasasmit of the Internal Security Operations Command , the operation has been a success . "  If we compare it to nine years ago , the situation was very bad , " he told CNN . "  Every time officers tried to round up or search suspect targets , we received strong resistance from locals . "  Now we have prevented many attacks thanks to information given out by local residents - a good example is the latest military base attack ; insurgents lost a lot of lives . " Despite this , non-government agencies say there is unlikely to be peace in the region in the near-term . According to Phasuk , the 2004 Tak Bai incident marked a turning point in the insurgency , radicalizing a younger generation . "  The commander in this latest attack was a survivor of the Tak Bai incident , " Phasuk said , referring to the failed attack on a Thai military camp in Narathiwat province on February 13 that left insurgent commander Maroso Chantrawadee and 15 other militants dead . "  What we are seeing is a transfer of power within the insurgency from an older generation , which favors negotiation , to a younger radicalized generation who see negotiation as an act of betrayal to the ideology of separatism , " he said . "  There is now a split in the leadership . " The Tak Bai incident , viewed by many as a strategic blunder on the part of the Thai military , has been instrumental in turning "  unarmed sympathizers into brutal insurgents , " Phasuk said . "  This man  Chantrawadee  survived torture at Tak Bai and many of the new generation of commanders also survived Tak Bai . " Certainly if leaflets found in Narathiwat 's Bacho district on February 14 , the day following last week 's attack , are anything to go by , the insurgency is showing no signs of easing . "  We will retaliate in every way for our losses . ... From now on , we will attack and kill Buddhist Thai teachers and Buddhist Thai people . We will attack Buddhist Thai community ... One Muslim life must be repaid with 10 Buddhist Thai lives , " reads the leaflets according to HRW . One of the features of the campaign , which has had a marked escalation since last March , is that insurgents have shown little regard for Muslims that they see as collaborating with Thai authorities . Everyone from imams to Muslim rubber farmers has been targeted by death squads and bombs detonated in Thai ethnic areas have indiscriminately claimed Muslim lives . "  The new radical leadership has no problems with collateral victims in its campaign . Their attitude is that Muslims should not be living next to ethnic Thais anyway , " Phasuk said . Amnesty International 's latest report on the armed conflict called on insurgents to halt the campaign of targeting civilians . "  The insurgents seem to be attacking many of the very people on whose behalf they are ostensibly fighting , destroying their lives and livelihoods , " said Donna Guest , Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific deputy director , at the 2011 release of the report . "  Whatever their grievances , they do not justify this serious and systematic violation of international law . " Human Rights Watch said that while insurgents use human rights abuses by the Thai military as an excuse for its reprisals , Bangkok -- where the government has a long tradition of drawing its legitimacy through the army -- needed the political courage to hold the military accountable . "  If this had happened , it may have slowed down radicalization , " Phasuk said .	Thailand 's southern insurgency has dragged on for almost a decade About 5,300 people have been killed and more than 9,000 injured Muslim separatists are calling for an independent state Human rights groups say radical militants now dominate the insurgency
Washington  CNN  -- For both presidential campaigns , Republican Mitt Romney 's choice of Wisconsin congressman and conservative star Paul Ryan as his running mate was like Christmas come early . Conservatives wanted one of their own on Romney 's ticket and they got that in Ryan , who has emerged as their ideological leader on the Hill on fiscal and budget matters . The choice also helps satisfy Republican strategists who felt Romney needed to not only stress how President Barack Obama has failed in that role , but also better articulate what the GOP candidate would do if elected . "  Ryan is a great choice . He energizes an already motivated party to a further degree and will help clarify the differing visions between the two campaigns for the country , " said Phil Musser , a GOP strategist who in 2007 was a senior adviser to Romney 's presidential campaign . "  There are big choices , and in making the selection , Romney is showing that he believes America is ready for the choice . " But Romney 's choice of Ryan also helps Obama better define what he 's running against -- his campaign immediately made the Wisconsin congressman and his "  extreme " budget a target and tied Romney 's campaign to Ryan 's House Republican colleagues , who he says wants to get rid of regulations on big corporations and give more tax breaks to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class . Romney 's introduction of Ryan dominated the news over the weekend with debates of the Wisconsin congressman 's policy positions playing over the visuals of Baby Boomer Romney and Generation X'er Ryan appearing together in front of large crowds . In many ways , Ryan is an "  in-your-face " choice , said Ron Bonjean , a Wisconsin native , GOP strategist and partner at the political communications firm Singer Bonjean Strategies . Ryan 's selection forces the Obama campaign to pivot from attacks on Romney 's tenure at private equity firm Bain Capital and refusal to release more tax returns and focus instead on debating solutions to shore up the ailing economy . Romney has campaigned largely on being critical of Obama 's performance in office . However , this summer Romney has been hampered from expanding the conversation to the economy because he had to fend off the Obama campaign 's questions about tax records and attacks on the former Massachusetts governor 's private sector record . The days leading up to the Ryan announcement had shown that the attacks were having an effect : Obama appeared to be opening up a lead in most head-to-head polls . But even more troubling , Romney 's unfavorable numbers were creeping up after weeks of attacks by the Obama campaign and those supporting it . Ryan 's conservative stance extends beyond fiscal policy "  The choice of Ryan allows the campaign to better paint a picture of exactly what the campaign believes in terms of fiscal responsibility , " said Bonjean , who first became familiar with Ryan while working in congressional leadership offices . "  The Obama campaign started to define Romney and began to create a negative choice between the two campaigns . Picking Ryan hits the reset button for the campaign . It resets the campaign on policy terms . It takes away the politics of personal destruction that Obama was using and resets the campaign to talk about the two policy visions . " But there are pitfalls for the Republican ticket in picking Ryan . Ryan 's controversial entitlement reform plan , "  Path to Prosperity " -- proposes a partially privatized Medicare program for future seniors . Instead of automatic enrollment in the government health care program for seniors , Ryan would give older Americans the option of buying into Medicare-approved plans with "  premium support " payments or vouchers , as Democrats have described them . It is a proposal that Romney has not fully embraced , telling surrogates in a talking points memo obtained by CNN on Saturday : "  Gov. Romney applauds Paul Ryan for going in the right direction with his budget , and as president he will be putting together his own plan for cutting the deficit and putting the budget on a path to balance . " Obama was quick to pounce on Ryan as a veep choice . His selection makes the race a choice between two starkly different visions of the future in the country , the president said . "  My opponent and Congressman Ryan and their allies in Congress -- they all believe that if we just get rid of more regulations on big corporations and we give more tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans , it will lead to jobs and prosperity for everybody else . That is what they are proposing , " Obama said at a fundraiser in his hometown of Chicago on Sunday . "  That is where they will take us if they win . This is not speculation . It 's on their websites and embodied in the budget that the House Republicans voted for repeatedly . " Obama campaign senior adviser David Axelrod said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that Ryan is a "  perfectly genial and bright guy , " but at the same time a "  right-wing ideologue , and that is reflected in the positions that he 's taken . " On Monday , Axelrod compared Romney 's and Ryan 's budget plans . "  For the middle class it feels like a choice between a punch in the nose and a knee to the groin , " he told CBS . "  The fact is both plans call for trillions and trillions of dollars of new tax cuts skewed to the wealthy . " It 's a refrain Democrats will try to hammer home in the weeks leading up to the Republican National Convention , said Christopher Arterton , a professor of political management at George Washington University 's Graduate School of Political Management . "  The Democrats are trying to paint Ryan as an ardent conservative outside the mainstream of the U.S. in a way that they 've not been able to make stick with Romney , " Arterton said . "  This allows them to say ` When you buy Romney , you buy a whole party with a whole philosophy that brings us back to the economic crisis of 2008 . ' " Obama 's campaign and its surrogates jumped on Ryan 's controversial plans for entitlement programs as written in the GOP budget plan that he authored . Republicans say the cuts are necessary to bring down debt , but Democrats say the cuts shift the burden of safety-net programs to the middle-class and the elderly . For all the energy and enthusiasm that Ryan brings to the ticket , those positions might make it harder for Romney because they could split the coalition that Republicans have made with blue-collar voters and the elderly , said Ron Brownstein , a CNN contributor and editorial director of National Journal . "  The modern GOP coalition is much more dependent than it used to be on both blue-collar and older voters , " Brownstein said Monday on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " While they do n't like welfare , food stamps and other "  transfer programs , " said Brownstein , "  they are much more supportive of middle-class entitlements . " Indeed , Obama 's campaign posted a Web ad in Florida ahead of Romney 's bus tour through that state on Monday -- without Ryan , who was campaigning on his own in Iowa -- pointing out what it says would be the costs to seniors if Medicare became the voucher program that Ryan advocates in his budget plan . For the next few weeks , both parties will battle over defining Ryan and what he stands for , Arterton said . A CNN/ORC International survey taken August 7-8 , showed 54 % of those polled saying they did n't know enough about Ryan to form an opinion "  He is kind of the proverbial blank slate on which both sides are trying to write their message as the public try to figure out who he is , " Arterton said . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Peter Hamby , Athena Jones and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	Both sides got what they wanted in Mitt Romney 's choice of Paul Ryan as his running mate Conservatives celebrate Ryan 's selection ; choice helps shore up some support for Romney Democrats quick to attack Ryan 's selection as proof of Romney 's conservative vision Political experts say both sides will battle over how to introduce Ryan to American public
CNN  -- The recent spate of stories about the Rev. Al Sharpton 's history as an informant for the FBI do n't exactly qualify as breaking news : solid newspaper reports at least a quarter century old , detailing Sharpton 's maneuvers at the treacherous intersection of federal agents , violent gangsters , and shady music industry operators . In his autobiography , Sharpton himself writes about the days in the late 1980s when he wore a wire and collected data on criminals for the feds . But the publication of FBI memos naming Sharpton ,  aka Confidential Informant # 7  seems jarring because of how far Sharpton has traveled into the political mainstream . Back in the 1980s , he was a street agitator with a relentless hunger for media attention . Today he hosts a top-rated national television show and a three-hour radio talk show that airs in dozens of markets nationwide . The Sharpton of the 1980s registered on the political radar of City Hall as a nuisance , dismissively dubbed "  Al Charlatan " by then-mayor Ed Koch . This week , Mayor Bill de Blasio will speak on the opening day of Sharpton 's annual conference , and the keynote address will be delivered by President Barack Obama , who regularly gives Sharpton exclusive interviews and private visits to the White House . That 's why Sharpton took offense to the disparaging tabloid headlines referring to him as "  Rev. Rat " and as a snitch . "  I was not , and am not , a rat because I was not with the rats . I 'm a cat , " Sharpton told a group of reporters at a news conference , chastising reporters for suggesting that his efforts to help nab criminals were motivated by such things as avoiding prosecution , rather than a genuine civic effort to help law enforcement officials . Whatever Sharpton 's reasons , he did society a favor by helping to expose the outright criminality that was prevalent in the music industry . For decades , crooks had a stranglehold on popular music , according to "  Hit Men , " Frederic Dannen 's 1990 , eye-opening book about the hoodlums , artists and executives who routinely resorted to blackmail , extortion , payola and outright violence as business tools . Among the tales picked up on Sharpton 's wire was information on Morris Levy , a legend in the music business who owned nightspots , including Birdland , in New York , and the rights to scores of hit songs . Levy , a roughneck from the Bronx , described himself as a boyhood friend of Vincent  The Chin  Gigante , who eventually rose to become boss of the Genovese crime family . Levy had deep financial ties to members of the organization , selling part of one of his record companies to a gangster named Tommy Eboli , who was later shot to death in 1972 , according to the Los Angeles Times . Levy also reportedly set up a friend and enforcer named Nate McCalla with his own record label , called Calla , which made records for soul singers . McCalla was found murdered in a Florida hotel room in 1980 . And according to Sharpton 's secret recordings , Levy was in up to his neck with Gigante and the Genovese organization financially , using his legitimate businesses to help the mobsters acquire property and -- allegedly -- move heroin . Levy was eventually sentenced to 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit extortion . He 'd arranged the severe beating of a record industry associate who owed money , but would n't pay . Levy died of cancer shortly before he was due to report to prison . These were the types of men Sharpton was dealing with in the 1980s as he tried to work with independent black music promoters trying to break into the business . Having served for a decade as road manager for singer James Brown , Sharpton knew the industry gangers were not to be trifled with . When Genovese associates threatened to kill Sharpton for challenging their stranglehold on music , Sharpton says , he ran straight to the FBI , who in turn asked him to wear a wire and help gather evidence against the mobsters . The strategy seems to have worked : Many of the Genovese hoods that Sharpton spoke to or heard about ended up behind bars , including Gigante , who died in prison in 2005 . The good reverend , meanwhile , moved further into mainstream grassroots politics and maintains to this day that he did nothing wrong . Sharpton , in fact , makes the valid point that many black communities suffer high crime rates because of a destructive "  stop snitching " attitude of non-cooperation with police -- and that his wearing a wire for the FBI represents a move in a more positive direction . He 's right . When confronted with death threats from organized crime , the logical action for law-abiding citizens is to report the problem to the authorities and help bring the criminals to justice . That is what Sharpton did , and you do n't have to like his politics to conclude that , in this case , he made the best of a scary situation .	Errol Louis : Al Sharpton under new criticism for informing on criminals for FBI in 1980s Louis : This old news shows how far Sharpton has come into political mainstream He says Sharpton was threatened by organized crime members Louis : You do n't have to like his politics to see he did what a law-abiding citizen should do
CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il is using his claims of a successful rocket launch to shore up his political strength within his country . Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright discusses North Korea on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Tuesday . Albright , who was secretary of state in the Clinton administration , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that "  it was a huge mistake for the United States to stop talking to North Korea " when the Bush administration took over . The communist nation launched the rocket over the weekend in defiance of international opposition . Satellite images released Monday appear to show the rocket in flight , according to a nonprofit institution that focuses on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons . The following is a transcript of Albright 's conversation with CNN 's Carol Costello . Carol Costello , CNN : We do have this video from North Korea of this rocket taking off . What do you make of that ? Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright : Well , I think that the North Korean leadership is living in a parallel universe of acting as if the launch was a success , when tracking and everything has shown that in fact , it is a failure . And I think it proves a point , which is that the North Koreans , Kim Jong-Il is doing this for his own internal reasons -- because on Thursday , tomorrow , there will be a rubber stamp by the parliament of his leadership -- and the problems that he 's generally had since he had his stroke . So this is part of their kind of Orwellian approach of saying that "  This is what happened , and was n't it a success , " when we know it was n't . Costello : The U.N. Security Council has n't been able to come up with any sort of resolution because apparently that body is split . President Obama made a really big deal of this and said this was like a clear violation . It sort of seems like the United States is stuck , and it ca n't do anything about North Korea . Albright : Well , I do n't think that 's true , because what has happened is there have been individual condemnations by leaders of various countries . And I have to say from my own experience of the United Nations , it does take a while to get the 15 members -LSB- of the Security Council -RSB- together . But the saddest for me is the fact that the U.N. passed a resolution , 1718 , which said that this was not acceptable . So the truth is that the U.N. has to live up to its own resolutions . And Ambassador Rice , I think , is working very hard up there in order to get some action , but there have been condemnations already throughout the world . And the bottom line here is that President Obama 's speech , for instance , in Prague , when he talked about the importance of cooperation generally on a whole nonproliferation regime -- it 's very clear that there 's going to have to be a lot of work on that and that President Obama laid out a very , very important set of goals . amFIX : Your thoughts on the rocket launch Costello : And , you know , there has been some criticism that President Obama turned to the U.N. to try to solve this crisis . I want to read you a quote from Politico . It interviewed Newt Gingrich , the former speaker of the House . I want to read you his quote . Newt Gingrich said , "  The embarrassing repudiation of the United States appeal to the United Nations Security Council Sunday afternoon is a vivid demonstration of weakness . This is beginning to resemble the Carter administration 's weakness in foreign policy . " How would you respond to that ? Albright : Well , I think that it 's just kind of typical of Newt Gingrich , frankly . But the bottom line here is , I think the United States and President Obama has made very clear the leadership of the United States , his concern about , generally , proliferation issues . I think his trip , for instance , laid out a whole set of issues that prove that American leadership is essential , the respect that he gained for American leadership . And I think you 're going to see additional ways that we all work together , because the issues that are out there that have to be dealt with require cooperation , and they will require international organizations and cooperation through NATO and a number of activities . So I 'm very confident that President Obama is going to be able to prove American leadership . Costello : Well , I guess many Americans look at it this way , you know : You talk about sanctions , but sanctions have been instituted against North Korea before , and it has n't really worked . North Korea just seems to kind of do what it wants . You 've met Kim Jong-Il . I mean , what does he want ? Albright : Well , what he wants is respect . And I have to say that part of the problem here is -- and as you mentioned , I met Kim Jong-Il . We were in the middle of negotiations with him . In fact , we had a missile moratorium . And President Bush came in and canceled those talks . It was confusing to everybody . And I do think that what is important now is to get the North Koreans back into the six-party talks , to make it clear to them that the only way that they are going to have respect is to abide by international regulations and to try to deal with the fact that they would be better off if , in fact , they allowed their people to be fed and an economy that functions , rather than be living in this way where poverty is rampant , and hunger , in every way in North Korea , and a leadership that is shaky . But the bottom line is , I think it was a huge mistake for the United States to stop talking to North Korea . And in the interim period , they were able to develop material in order to create nuclear weapons , and so I hope very much that the six-party talks continue . Costello : We 'll see . Madam Secretary , thanks so much for joining us this morning . We appreciate it . Thank you .	Former secretary of state : U.S. made "  huge mistake " stopping talks with North Korea Madeleine Albright says North Korean leader is seeking respect internationally Kim Jong-Il also using rocket launch for internal political reasons , Albright says Albright says President Obama proving U.S. leadership in response to launch
CNN  -- Connie Lester was concerned when she heard that a deadly meningitis outbreak had been linked to spinal steroid injections . Anxiously watching the news for reports of cases in her home state of Kentucky , she debated whether to call her doctor . "  I thought , ` Let 's just wait and see , ' " she said . "  Not anything you can do about it after it 's already done . " Lester has been receiving steroid injections in her lower back for several months because of a herniated disk . The disk is pushing one of her nerves against a bone ; friction between the two causes pain when she walks or stands for even short periods of time and can lead to numbness in her leg . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that as many as 14,000 patients may have received injections of a contaminated preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate . Steroids are commonly injected in patients with back pain , according to Dr. Irene Wu with the UCLA Pain Management Center . They 're also used to help with joint pain , arthritis or other inflammatory diseases . Inflammation occurs when the body is trying to heal itself , like when your muscle tissue tears or something is irritating your cells . Unfortunately , inflammation can be self-perpetuating , leading to more inflammation and pain . Steroids help combat that effect , Wu says . Injections are usually a last resort after patients have tried anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy . The steroids are usually injected into the same location as epidurals . Most patients receive two or three shots over the course of a month . "  It depends on how bad the pain is , " Wu said . "  Eighty percent of people need more than one to feel better . " The contaminated steroids in the meningitis outbreak are linked to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . The CDC says 184 people in 12 states have been sickened with non-contagious meningitis as of Friday ; 14 have died . What is a compounding pharmacy ? Infections with steroid spinal injections are rare , says Dr. Nick Shamie , an associate professor of orthopedic surgery and neurosurgery at UCLA . In his 12 years in practice , he says , he 's had only two patients develop bacterial infections . These typically happen in people with a compromised immune system . Woman sues over meningitis outbreak Shamie says spinal steroid injections are only a temporary plan for patients . "  Unfortunately , most of these patients will continue suffering from their pain , " he said . "  The only thing that has helped is surgery . " Lester 's spinal fusion surgery is set for November 7 . She 's scheduled to receive another spinal injection next week but may cancel because of the outbreak . She is n't sure if the type of steroid she receives is the same one she 's seen in the news . "  I 'm debating whether it 's worth taking that risk , " she said . "  Not sure I need that additional worry right now . " CDC : Tests may not detect meningitis fungus Are you worried about an upcoming procedure ? Have you had one of these spinal injections ? Share your story on our Facebook page . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this story .	CDC : 14,000 patients may have received contaminated spinal steroid injections Steroids are commonly injected in patients with back pain , doctor says Injections are last resort after anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy
Approximately 36,000 deaths are caused by suicide each year in the United States . What if a simple blood test could one day help prevent that from happening ? In a new small study , researchers were able to predict who had experienced suicidal thoughts or attempted suicide just by looking at their blood . The experimental test was over 80 % accurate . "  With a test like ours , we may be able to stem suicide rates by identifying those people and intervening early enough to head off a catastrophe , " said the study 's lead author , Zachary Kaminsky , an assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins University 's School of Medicine . Kaminsky and his colleagues ran tests on samples of blood , looking for an increase of certain chemicals on a gene called SKA2 that seems to help the brain regulate stress . The gene 's instructions are carried out in a region of the brain that controls negative thoughts and impulsive behaviors . Scientists believe people with the abnormal version of the gene have more trouble shutting off the flood of hormones produced by their bodies in response to stress . "  It 's good to be stressed if you 're crossing the street . You need to be ramped up . You need to be focused , " Kaminsky said . "  But when you 're safely across the other side , you do n't want to stay in that mode . " Since the chemicals were also consistently higher in the brains of people who have killed themselves , the Hopkins researchers think the chemicals may be linked to suicide . And these chemicals could , theoretically , be identified using a simple blood test . "  This kind of genetic screening is going to be one way forward to predict who is at high risk , " said Dr. John Mann , a psychiatrist and neurochemist at Columbia University Medical Center . He was not involved in the study . Experts have to rely on simply asking people whether they 're feeling suicidal to assess suicide risk . "  If someone is really committed to committing suicide , they may choose to lie , " Kaminsky said . But a blood test to gauge a person 's suicide risk is at least five to 10 years away from being readily available , he said . Jill Harkavy-Friedman , the vice president of research for the American Foundation for Suicide , is optimistic about the potential of identifying suicidal patients earlier . "  Just because you have a risk does n't mean you 're destined to kill yourself . It means the opposite , " she said . "  If you know you have a risk , you can be having conversations with your doctor , your mental health professional , and your family and friends about how to prevent getting to the point of a suicide crisis . "	In small study , researchers accurately predict suicidal thoughts and suicide attempts Researchers looked for certain chemicals related to a gene called SKA2 An abnormal version of this gene may cause people to react differently to stress
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- The modern Tea Party movement began on February 27 , 2009 , when small groups in 22 American cities gathered to protest the signing of President Obama 's stimulus bill . The Tea Party groups viewed the stimulus bill as the crowning moment of decades of irresponsible government fiscal behavior . The federal government is addicted to spending , and the consequences are now staring us in the face . Our national debt is at emergency levels and growing rapidly . Congressional Budget Office head Doug Elmendorf recently said the nation 's fiscal path is simply "  unsustainable . " And yet this financial crisis seems obvious to virtually everyone except our elected officials in Washington . Tea Party members are not averse to paying taxes . However , taxpayers are stretched thin , and piling more taxes on their backs is not the answer . We do not understand nor approve of Washington 's insatiable appetite for spending , because that 's not the way we as individuals live . We do not massively overspend today and borrow money tomorrow to cover the bills . As California and New York are learning , that ride eventually comes to an end . This week , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said , "  To avoid large and unsustainable budget deficits , the nation will ultimately have to choose among higher taxes , modifications to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare , less spending on everything else from education to defense , or some combination of the above . " The Tea Party endorses massive reductions of federal spending before any consideration of new taxes is brought to the table . Tea Party members clearly understand Bernanke 's warning . If something drastic is not done soon , our entire financial system and way of life will collapse . The Tea Party 's goal from inception has been to replace big-spending politicians from both political parties with common-sense , fiscally responsible leaders . America has moved away from the vision of our Founding Fathers who advocated for a nuanced balance between federal and state power . As America has drifted from constitutional values , federal power has grown . We have gone from a nation of self-sufficient producers to a nation divided between overburdened taxpaying producers and some nonproducers who exist on welfare from cradle to grave . So what would the Tea Party movement recommend to set America on its rightful course ? Federal spending must immediately be drastically slashed across the board : Abolish the useless departments of Education and Agriculture , among others ; get rid of the EPA ; and repeal the stimulus bill and other pork spending . These are millstones around the neck of the American taxpayer and our economy . Send all responsibilities of these agencies back to the states where they can be better and more efficiently managed . Foreign aid and Pentagon spending must be equally constrained and reduced . Second , the number of government jobs must be substantially cut , and those employees must return to the private sector . Overpaid bureaucrats with fat benefits and pensions not found in the real world are simply not needed . Or wanted . Third , fraud and welfare waste must be eliminated . Welfare and unemployment benefits must be drastically cut . Welfare , health and education services for illegal immigrants must be eliminated . The Center for Immigration Studies recently reported that 33 percent of immigrant households use some kind of "  welfare . " Again , who pays ? The American taxpayer ! Government must get completely out of the private sector . Market freedoms must prevail for America to be successful . Government control over our financial and insurance industries , major manufacturing , health care and energy is a sure recipe for disaster . Washington bureaucrats are simply incapable of efficiency . The Tea Party is determined to send new , fiscally responsible leaders to Washington to trim government fat -- and not with scalpels , but with chainsaws . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Phillip Dennis .	Phillip Dennis : Eliminate Education and Agriculture departments , the EPA , the stimulus bill Dennis : Government jobs must be substantially cut ; employees sent to the private sector Tea Party wants welfare and unemployment benefits drastically cut , he says Take a chainsaw to government , get it out of the private sector , Dennis writes
London  CNN  -- There are few historical figures that can compete with Leonardo da Vinci 's celebrity . This , despite what little we actually know about him . Other than the complex and often mysterious works of art and writings that are his legacy , what 's left today amounts to a few basic facts , and anecdotes told by 16th-century art historian Giorgio Vasari . And yet , nearly 500 years after his death , da Vinci continues to fascinate , standing in popular culture as a totem of the supernaturally gifted individual . An exhibition , which opened in London this week , includes nine of da Vinci 's 15 surviving paintings -- the first time so many of his paintings have been shown off together -- with an estimated insurance value of $ 2 billion . "  The big cultural figures like Dante and Shakespeare and Goethe and Einstein , they all have their cults and their ` loonies ' as I call them -- but Leonardo is in a league of his own , " he said . The quintessential Renaissance man who was brilliant in the fields of both science and art , da Vinci is widely regarded as a genius . "  He really was a polymath , " said art historian Richard Stemp . "  He worked on everything -- he studied anatomy , he studied the natural world , he saw himself as a painter-philosopher really , " he continued . Da Vinci was born in 1452 , the illegitimate son of a Florentine landlord and notary , on his father 's estate in Vinci . He was apprenticed at the workshop of Florentine artist Andrea del Verrocchio when he was just a teenager . In 1482 , he entered into service of the Duke of Milan as an official painter and engineer and remained there for 17 years , during which time he created such masterpieces as the first version of "  The Virgin of the Rocks " and the "  Last Supper . " It was also in this period that he turned to scientific studies . "  In his mid-30s , he starts to diversify and towards the end of his life he would have seen himself essentially as a scientist who also did a bit of painting on the side , " said Martin Clayton , Senior Curator of Prints and Drawings at the Royal Collection in the UK , which contains an extensive collection of drawings by da Vinci . Da Vinci 's mechanical drawings included prototype designs for such modern contraptions as helicopters and tanks . But it was during his second stint in Florence , from 1500 to 1506 , that he painted his masterwork , the "  Mona Lisa . " Though we are now so used to this image of the smiling noblewoman , the painting 's "  startling originality , " according to Clayton , is still visible today . "  There 's simply nothing out there like it before , this sense of looking at an individual and yet taking the individual out of the context of her own life and presenting her as this mystical , idealized figure who stands outside of time , " he said . Da Vinci spent his last years in France , serving as a painter , architect and engineer to the King of France , and died there in 1519 . The "  Mona Lisa , " which he brought with him to France , stayed . Today , the portrait -- with its notoriously enigmatic smile -- remains the star attraction at the Louvre Museum in Paris . The aura of mystery around the "  Mona Lisa " and , indeed , the artist himself could be what draws people into the cult of Leonardo , according to Italian art historian Mina Gregori . "  Even he could not explain himself completely , " she said , referring to the unfinished nature of many of his works . "  He continued to create question marks , he always created problems , he created the curiosity to know more , " she continued . Perhaps our best clues to who da Vinci really was are to be found in his paintings , writings and drawings . But as with all art , his works are open to interpretation . "  On a religious level , I think he was a probing person -- he questions  things  a lot , " said Monsignor Renato Bellini , a priest in Vinci , where Leonardo was born and baptized . However , according to art historian Pietro Marani , the idea that Leonardo was either a divine talent or a supernatural being detracts from what we are able to read in the works themselves . "  We  no longer  have  an image of Leonardo that is all one piece -- a semi-God , a magician -- but a multi-faceted Leonardo , a contradictory Leonardo , who changes  his  ideas , " he said . Many of the drawings featured in the "  Leonardo -- The Lost Painting " are held in the Royal Collection : royalcollection.org.uk	Few historical figures continue to enchant like Leonardo da Vinci Renaissance man considered mysterious and inscrutable Intitally a painter , towards end of life he became a scientist Works show a questing , never satisfied mind , according to art historians
CNN  -- The iconic image of the neighborhood drugstore and wise and friendly pharmacist were once part of the American social fabric . The local pharmacy was where we went to pursue romance over an ice cream soda , share gossip with members of our community or acquire our most basic supplies . Pharmacists were our friends , our neighbors and those we looked to for help and aid . But increasingly , as the local pharmacy transformed into the large chain drug store , the analgesics and advice were joined by something quite different and deadly : tobacco products . Along with medicines , greeting cards and cosmetics , large retailers and pharmacies like Walmart , Rite Aid and Walgreens sell cigarettes and other tobacco products , despite the fact that we know they are harmful . But on Wednesday , CVS/Caremark stepped up and declared loud and clear : Cigarettes and health care can not and should not coexist under the same roof . We applaud CVS for taking the bold and socially conscious step to stop selling cigarettes and other tobacco products effective October 1 . More than 7,600 CVS stores across the nation will no longer sell these products -- impacting thousands of customers across the country and helping to promote longer , healthier lives . Despite intense competition in the industry , CVS had the vision and the conviction to do what is right for its customers . Each year in our country , more than 480,000 Americans lose their lives to tobacco-related diseases , including heart disease , cancers , emphysema and stroke . Tobacco use also takes a huge toll on our economy , from lost productivity to the medical care costs of treating sick smokers . But tobacco-related disease is wholly preventable . Proven tactics such as raising the price of tobacco products , clean indoor air laws , and effective public education campaigns can help drive smoking rates down . For years , these have been the tools of government and nonprofit organizations like Legacy Foundation . CVS brought a critical additional tool to bear -- limiting access to tobacco -- and issued a clarion call for retailers to join the fight to change the culture around tobacco use to make it less socially acceptable . Removing tobacco products from pharmacy shelves -- where they are often both an eye-level temptation for youth who are open to smoking and a trigger for smokers struggling to quit -- will help foster positive changes in our attitudes toward smoking . We challenge other large retailers to take the same step and put their customers ' health and well-being ahead of their profit margins . CVS 's decision shows that the for-profit sector can truly do good . Increasingly , America 's pharmacies are positioning themselves as health care providers . Instead of a traditional visit to a doctor 's office , many people may now visit their pharmacy -- like CVS 's Minute Clinic -- for a quick assessment or diagnosis or to receive an on-the-spot prescription for whatever ails . To be seen as trusted health care providers , pharmacies must reconcile the inherent contradiction of offering those services while also selling lethal tobacco products to those very same customers . Providing medical services in one part of the store while offering harmful products at the cash register is a paradox that could n't be clearer . CVS recognized that to be a true leader , you have to not only talk the talk but walk the walk . In a business climate with brutal competition and the persistent pressure to deliver short-term results , estimates are that this move by CVS could cost the nation 's second largest drugstore chain about $ 2 billion in annual sales . But smart businesses look toward the big picture . By taking tobacco products off its shelves , CVS has an immediate opportunity to introduce other -- potentially profitable -- product lines to its customer base . With a new commitment to offering customers healthier choices , it has a longer-term opportunity to foster relationships with health care providers and medical staff -- all synched with CVS 's vision to be a trusted neighborhood resource for short-term care . And CVS 's act of social responsibility also has the potential to deepen existing customer relationships . Already , anecdotally , I 've heard colleagues and friends who have been affected firsthand by the issue of tobacco use or lost a loved one to tobacco-related disease say to me , "  CVS is now my pharmacy for life " -- based on the action it took this week . For that , the public health community and the chain 's customers are cheering . We hope its peers quickly follow suit . Once they do , we will likely reach our bold goal to reduce smoking prevalence in the U.S. to under 10 % in the next 10 years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robin Koval .	CVS/Caremark announced that it will stop selling cigarettes and tobacco products Robin Koval : This is a bold and socially conscious move that helps customers She say more pharmacies want to serve as trusted health care providers Koval : It makes no sense to be health provider while selling harmful tobacco products
CNN  -- They struggled to get pregnant for nearly two years . They gave it a go the natural way and then did three or four intrauterine inseminations , where the sperm is washed , concentrated and placed directly into a woman 's uterus at an optimal time . But as mom and dad were both "  pushing 40 , " these methods did n't work , and the couple decided to try in vitro fertilization . With in vitro , or IVF , several eggs are fertilized outside the body ; the resulting embryos are then implanted in the woman 's womb . It worked -- on the first try . But the result was n't exactly what this couple was looking for . "  To say we 're excited would be an exaggeration , " the dad wrote on Babble.com in an anonymous post that recently started trending on social media . "  More truthfully , we 're pissed . And terrified , and angry , and guilty , and regretful . " You see , both embryos that were implanted stuck . The wife is pregnant with twins . "  I lay on the table -- dazed and unhappy -- as I received the news that there were two healthy sacs present , " the anonymous mom wrote in a separate post . "  We were pregnant with twins -- twin boys , we 'd find out later . In my mind I had done nothing less than ruin our family . " To say the reaction from Babble 's readers was angry would be an understatement . Many blasted the couple for being ungrateful . Selfish . Bitter . "  Seriously , suck . it . up , " one commenter wrote . But there was a small majority who seemed to sympathize with how these new parents were feeling : overwhelmed , exhausted and afraid they wo n't be able to provide for these new lives in addition to their older son . Multiple births are an increasingly common outcome for couples using assisted reproductive technology , according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , and IVF is often responsible . "  A woman undergoing IVF has an approximate 22-fold increased risk of conceiving a twin pregnancy and a 100-fold increased risk of conceiving a triplet pregnancy , as compared with natural conception , " ACOG 's website says . So why do doctors still occasionally place multiple embryos in women who undergo IVF ? Because the chances that even one will stick and grow into a baby are low . According to the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technologies , women under the age of 35 have a less than 43 % chance of giving birth after IVF ; women over 41 have a less than 18 % chance . Dr. Dorothy Mitchell-Leef , a fertility specialist in Atlanta , always has a long conversation with her patients before implanting any embryos . She said she discusses the risks , the possibility of multiples and the chances that the couple may not get pregnant . "  They may be angry because maybe that 's not what they wanted , " Mitchell-Leef said of the anonymous couple on Babble.com . "  But they have to ask themselves : Did you have a conversation that stressed the fact that you did not want more than one pregnancy ? " The problem , she said , is that no doctor can promise which embryos are going to take , if any at all . IVF specialists have become more cautious . As doctors saw the multiple birth rates increase dramatically in the United States , they began transferring fewer embryos to the mother . Most of the time , Mitchell-Leef said , she only implants one . But the quality of the embryos matters ; so does the woman 's age . A 41-year-old with three embryos has a low chance of any one of those being normal , "  but the better chance is to put three in hoping that one will take , " Mitchell-Leef said . You may remember how Nadya Suleman -- aka "  Octomom " -- was criticized for not reducing the number of embryos she carried before giving birth to octuplets . Selective reduction -- which involves aborting one , or more than one , of the fetuses -- was also a possibility for this anonymous Babble couple . In general , the decision to do a reduction for twins is extremely controversial . Twins do n't necessarily carry high health risks to the mother or her children beyond perhaps needing bed rest and more intense care , Mitchell-Leef said . "  We considered a reduction for about 30 seconds , " this anonymous father wrote . "  If you thought that IVF involved playing god , a reduction felt beyond brazen -- Machiavellian , even . " Selective reduction is usually done between 9 and 12 weeks into the pregnancy . A doctor will use a needle to inject potassium chloride into the fetus , according to the National Institutes of Health . There is a small risk the mother will miscarry all the fetuses with this procedure . Multiple gestation is risky for both mom and the babies , according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine . Multiples are more likely to have developmental problems . Moms carrying multiples are more likely to miscarry , develop gestational diabetes and to suffer from high blood pressure-related issues such as pre-eclampsia . Fertility treatments : Would you get selective reduction ? But multiples can also be a blessing . "  You will make it work and you will love these children , " posted one commenter , who says she 's the mother of twins . "  I wo n't lie and say that it is going to be a breeze , because it wo n't . But I promise you if you pull through the first year together as a team you will be the strongest kind of family there can be , and nothing can stop you from there ! "	Couple writes anonymously about their frustration in being pregnant with twins after IVF Online commenters call them selfish , bitter and ungrateful Multiple births is common after IVF , but doctors are becoming more cautious
CNN  -- Oh Bob Dylan , how can the life of such a man be in the palm of some advertiser 's hand ? Be sure to sing that first line to the tune of Dylan 's classic song "  Hurricane " and you 'll get why it fits . The musical icon stirred a bit of a ruckus on social media Sunday night after he appeared in a Super Bowl commercial for Chrysler while another , for Chobani yogurt , featured his music . The term of choice : "  sellout . " "  I 'm sorry . Young Bob Dylan would vomit in the mouth of old Bob Dylan for making car commercials , especially jingoistic ones , " said one Twitter user . The Chrysler ad included Dylan asking , "  Is there anything more American than America ? " Another tweeted "  That Bob Dylan , Chrysler commercial was disappointing and sad on so many levels . Proof that there are very few not willing to sell out . " Could this be the same artist once known -- to his regret -- as "  the voice of a generation " ? Oh the times , they are a-changing . However , it 's not the first time Dylan has linked up with an advertiser . Bleacher Report : Bob Dylan 's Chrysler Super Bowl ad highlights night of memorable commercials In 2003 he made an appearance in a Victoria 's Secret ad which used his song "  Love Sick . " According to Rolling Stone , Dylan previously licensed his track "  Motherless Children " to be used in a Jeep ad . That brand is also owned by Chrysler . There was also the 2009 Pepsi commercial which aired during the Super Bowl which mashed up Dylan 's image and music with Will.I.Am of the Black Eyed Peas . Brian Steinberg of Variety points out that instead of "  selling out " Dylan may be merely doing what some of his contemporaries have done in trying to remain relevant in today 's music industry . "  Put bluntly , with radio formats so narrow and music videos so out of vogue , musicians often have a tough time getting their work heard , " Steinberg writes . "  For Dylan , an artist whose time in the spotlight was most intense in the 1960s , the feat is more difficult , even if he does continue to release albums that gain plaudits and critical acclaim . "	Bob Dylan narrated and appeared in a Chrysler ad during the Super Bowl He was called a "  sellout " on Twitter Dylan has appeared in ads before
CNN  -- Nine people were missing and presumed dead and four were hospitalized Wednesday after a helicopter carrying firefighters crashed the night before in northern California , aviation spokesmen said . The Sikorsky S-61 helicopter entered a remote area to pick up firefighters battling wildfires , said Ian Gregor of the Federal Aviation Administration . The crash happened about 7:30 p.m. Tuesday , 35 miles northwest of Redding in the Trinity Alps Wilderness area of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest . Two crew members and 11 firefighters were aboard , Gregor said . Three of the injured were contract firefighters , and the fourth was the pilot , said Sharon Heywood , the forest 's supervisor . All of the injured initially were taken to Mercy Hospital near Davis , California . A firefighter in critical condition and two people in serious condition -- a firefighter and the pilot -- were transferred to the University of California Davis Medical Center , Heywood said . The third firefighter remained at Mercy in serious condition Wednesday , she said . Heywood said the crash site was difficult to access because of its terrain . U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Daria Day said the helicopter , assigned to a group of four fires burning in the forest , went down near the north end of the so-called Buckhorn fire . She said she did n't know if the helicopter was landing or taking off . The helicopter was operated by Carson Helicopters , which has offices in Grants Pass , Oregon , and Perkasie , Pennsylvania , according to Sacramento , California , TV station KCRA . "  We do n't know what occurred , " Carson Helicopters ' Bob Madden told KCRA . "  We have n't examined the aircraft yet . We 've never had a copter go down due to firefighting efforts . " The crash was being investigated by the FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board , Gregor said . The Buckhorn fire -- part of the Iron Complex fires in the forest -- has burned more than 18,500 acres since it started June 21 , the Forest Service said . It was 25 percent contained Wednesday , according to the service . The four Iron Complex fires have burned more than 84,000 acres since they started on or about June 21 , the service said .	Helicopter carrying 11 firefighters , two crewmen crashes in California , officials say Nine people missing and presumed dead Firefighters had been assigned to battle wildfires Forest Service spokeswoman : Injured four -- including pilot -- hospitalized
CNN  -- Eureka ! A husband and wife are reveling in their good fortune after finding $ 10 million in rare gold coins buried on their property in Northern California . The gold country discovery is thought to be the largest of its kind in U.S. history , according to David Hall , co-founder of Professional Coin Grading Service , which authenticated the find . "  It 's quite a story . People were walking along on their property in Northern California , noticed something , began digging and they found cans of gold coins , " Hall said . "  It should have happened to you and me . " The incredible find The coins were unearthed in February 2013 by the husband and wife , who wish to remain anonymous . They were walking their dog when they spotted something shiny on the ground . The couple dug and eventually discovered eight metal cans , containing more than 1,400 gold coins . No one knows how they got there , or whom the coins might have belonged to . "  Somebody could have buried them and then died before they let anybody know where they were , " Hall said . "  Believe it or not , I know cases where they forgot they had something , or they moved or whatever ... It could have been some kind of robbery deal ... Who knows ? " The treasure is known as the "  Saddle Ridge Hoard " because it was discovered near a hill the couple called Saddle Ridge . In their effort to stay anonymous , the husband and wife are n't saying exactly where the fortune was found . These coins could change history The coins The coins , in $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 denominations , date from 1847 to 1894 . Most were minted in San Francisco . They have a combined face value of about $ 27,000 , but experts believe they could fetch $ 10 million or more . Many are in pristine condition , including at least 14 coins that are considered the finest known for their date and mint mark . A highlight from the hoard is an 1866-S No Motto Double Eagle , valued at close to $ 1 million . The couple is planning to sell much of the collection . Approximately 90 % of the coins will go up on Amazon.com 's "  Collectibles " site , according to Don Kagin , of Kagin 's , Inc. , who is assisting the anonymous owners . He told CNN the couple wants to donate some of the proceeds to charity . "  Basically they 're thankful and they think it 's wonderful that they 're going to be able to save their property that they thought they might lose and , again , they want to give back to the community and to needy people , " he said . Collectors wanting a sneak peek can see some of the coins at the American Numismatic Association 's 2014 National Money Show in Atlanta , which opens Thursday . "  Unlike other hoards and treasures , this one includes a great variety of coins struck over many different years , and many of the coins are still in pristine condition , " Kagin said . "  And add to that a wonderful human interest story : this family literally found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . " Rare coin collection set to make a mint Bought for $ 3 at yard sale , bowl sells for $ 2.2 million Fisherman hooks statue of ancient Greek god Apollo	NEW : A highlight is an 1866-S No Motto Double Eagle valued at close to $ 1 million The coins , in $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 denominations , are dated from 1847 to 1894 They have a combined face value of about $ 27,000 but could fetch $ 10 million or more The discovery is thought to be the largest of its kind in U.S. history
Kennett , Missouri  CNN  -- A woman accused of cutting in line at a Wal-Mart , shoving merchandise and assaulting police officers will plead guilty to disturbing the peace and resisting arrest , both misdemeanors . Under the agreement -- reached after the jury received the case for deliberations -- Heather Ellis will plead guilty to disturbing the peace and resisting arrest . She will serve a year of unsupervised probation , attend an anger management course and serve four days in jail before the end of the year . The sentence stipulates that if Ellis stays out of trouble for a year , the charges will be sealed and the arrest wo n't be on her permanent record . Ellis said after court was adjourned that she was "  taking responsibility for her actions and -LSB- hopes -RSB- that everyone else involved in the case will take responsibility for theirs . " Earlier Friday , Ellis , 24 , took the stand and denied all charges in the racially charged case . Witnesses and police say Ellis cut in front of customers at a Wal-Mart in January 2007 , pushed aside merchandise belonging to another customer to make room for hers on the conveyor belt and , after police were called to the scene , kicked one officer in the shin and split another 's lip . The prosecution has also alleged the Ellis went "  ballistic in a profane tirade " that continued when police officers arrived . Ellis , now a schoolteacher , denied all accusations against her , although she acknowledged in her Friday testimony that she touched another shopper 's items on the conveyor belt . She was initially charged with assaulting police officers , resisting arrest and disturbing the peace . Had she been convicted of those charges , she could have been sentenced to up to 15 years in prison . Ellis , then a college student with no criminal history , has said that some white patrons shoved and hurled racial slurs at her when she switched checkout lines . Store employees refused to give her her change and called police , she said . She said Friday that the incident began when she joined her cousin in the checkout line and was ignored by the clerk . She did not not cut in line and did not yell or use profanity , said Ellis , who has not spoken about the case outside of court . As she left the store , Ellis told the Dunklin County Circuit Court , a police officer told her , "  Look at this stupid bitch . Take your ass back to the ghetto . " She alleged that an officer behind her forcefully grabbed her shoulder without telling her she was being arrested . She did not resist , but said her body was "  flung around " by officers . She screamed loudly for help as officers "  choked " her and pulled her hair , but she did not hit or kick them , she testified . Testimony from Ellis ' cousin , who was with her at the Wal-Mart , and from her aunt , whom the cousin called as Ellis was arrested , backed up the young woman 's account . Ellis said she saw a doctor after the incident because tight handcuffs had cut her and made her bleed . She said she also had a headache and neck pain from the incident . An emergency room doctor testified that he had seen bruises on one of Ellis ' wrists , but did not see cuts or bleeding . He also said he did not see any neck or head injuries . Surveillance tapes from the store were shown in court Thursday and released publicly , but the tapes do n't show much of the alleged confrontation . A camera from above the cash register appeared to show Ellis ' arm shoving merchandise to the side on the register 's conveyor belt . Another camera showed her being led out of the store by police , with her arm in the air . A third , from the parking lot , showed her being handcuffed and put into a police car . It appeared to show Ellis kicking backward at police , as authorities allege . Her defense maintains she did so after police had assaulted her . Officials with the American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference have said the case is indicative of racial bias in the town , where 13 percent of the population is African-American . Black and Hispanic residents have long complained of being unfairly profiled during traffic stops by the predominantly white police department . When Ellis ' supporters held a peaceful rally in June , officers found business cards scattered along the route that read : "  You have been paid a social visit by the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . The next visit will not be social . " During another rally on Monday , a handful of opponents stood on the sidelines waving Confederate flags . Her lawyers have not brought up race as a contributing factor in the incident . Two years ago , prosecutors offered a plea deal under which Ellis would have received probation if she dropped her complaint against the police . "  She decided not to sign it , because she was taught to never admit guilt when you 're innocent , " her father has said . CNN 's David Mattingly and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Ellis ' permanent record will be cleared if she stays out of trouble for a year Heather Ellis agrees to probation , anger-management class Plea deal reached as jury deliberated Ellis testifies on her own behalf in racially charged case
NASHVILLE , Tennessee  CNN  -- The accused came from all walks of life : Retirees , dads and twentysomethings . An engineer , a business owner and an auto worker . A man in a wheelchair . Men in need of Spanish or Farsi translators . Brett Beasley , with Nashville 's Health Department , educates men arrested for trying to buy sex about STDs . About 40 men somberly entered a classroom on a recent Saturday morning . About half of them wore shiny wedding bands . All had tried to buy a prostitute 's services and were caught by police . It was their first offense , and a county court referred them to a one-day program called the John School . It 's a program run by volunteers and city officials in conjunction with Magdalene House , a nonprofit that works to get prostitutes off the streets . "  Prostitution does n't discriminate , " said Kenny Baker , a cognitive behavioral therapist who is the program 's director . "  Most of these men do n't have a prior criminal history , so our goal is to help these folks understand why they put themselves in a bad position , to prevent it from happening again . " Set in a church in Nashville , Tennessee , the John School is led by former prostitutes , health experts , psychologists and law enforcement officers who talk to -- and at times berate -- the men about the risks of hiring a prostitute . Prostitution is based on the law of supply and demand . The thinking is : Women wo n't stop selling sex until men stop buying . So Nashville and a growing number of cities are shifting their focus from locking up suppliers to educating buyers . Across the country , about 50 communities are using John Schools . Atlanta , Georgia , and Baltimore , Maryland , are among dozens more cities that plan to launch similar programs by the end of the year . See where the John Schools are " "  It will make them -LSB- offenders -RSB- see that this is not a victimless crime , and they are contributing to the exploitation of women , " said Stephanie Davis , policy adviser on women 's issues at the mayor 's office in Atlanta . "  It 's hurting them , the man , and it 's hurting their families and its hurting the community . " No comprehensive effort has been made to track the numbers , but experts estimate 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the United States . The FBI 's 2007 Uniform Crime Report lists about 78,000 arrests for prostitution and commercialized vice , but experts say those numbers are extremely conservative because many sex workers and johns are n't caught . Experts add that easy accessibility to prostitutes and pornography on the Internet are feeding the problem . In most communities , prostitution has been a one-sided battle focused on the women who offer sex . Their customers , when they are arrested , are usually cited for a misdemeanor and fined . By comparison , prostitutes are often charged with more severe sentences and jailed for months , depending on the offense . But in Nashville , the johns ' faces are shown on a police Web site . For decades , Nashville battled prostitution by arresting women on the streets and through stings . Still , the problem persisted , irritating business owners and residents . In the early 1990s , Nashville 's mayor helped launch the John School with the help of the Magdalene House , public defenders , prosecutors and police officers . Nashville became one of the first major cities in the U.S. to focus on the customers , predominantly men . Only first-time offenders who solicit an adult are eligible for John School . Johns who pick up minors are not eligible and face much tougher sentences . "  If you get caught again and you get me , I will guarantee to put you in jail , " warned Antoinette Welch , a local prosecutor , in speaking to the men in the class . "  I 've had men cry to me that they will lose their jobs or their wives , but you 're all grown up and you make your own decisions . " The men listened carefully as Welch talked about their records ; many had not yet told their wives or significant others about their arrest . If the john pleads guilty , pays a $ 250 fee and completes the course without re-offending , the charge can be dismissed after a year . The money paid by the john goes to Magdalene House ; the program does n't cost taxpayers any money . John School models in other communities may differ . A woman who called herself Alexis , a 35-year-old former prostitute with dark hair and bright blue eyes , spoke to the men as the class came to an end . Four years ago , she left the streets and now works at a factory . By the age of 10 , Alexis had learned to barter with sex with her stepfather . In her 20s , she found herself hooked on drugs and selling her body . She was arrested more than 80 times . She was hospitalized after someone shot her on the job . As she told her story , the men were silent . A few blushed , while others stared at the floor . "  These gentlemen are no different than I was on the streets , " she said . "  I think everyone has to look at the void they are trying to fill . " One john , a father of two with salt-and-pepper hair , found himself near tears after Alexis spoke . In July , he tried to pick up a prostitute through Craigslist . He said he was depressed and having problems with his wife . "  I 'm so embarrassed , " he said . "  These girls are somebody 's daughters . I have a daughter . " Some evidence suggests that John Schools are working . A study released in 2008 by Abt Associates Inc. for the federal government looked at the John School program in San Francisco , California . It 's one of the largest programs in the country ; more than 7,000 johns have attended since 1995 . According to the study , the re-arrest rate fell sharply after the school was launched , and stayed more than 30 percent lower for 10 years afterward . But critics call John School a slap on the wrist . On Saturday , one john abandoned the classroom . Carol Leigh , a member of the Sex Workers Outreach Project , a group that promotes decriminalizing prostitution in California , said she does n't believe the program is an effective deterrent . "  John School does n't do that much , " said Leigh , who has worked as a prostitute . "  The reality is they are n't spending that much time on the johns and they will just go to other venues . This also does n't target the violent offenders who are the real problem . " Melissa Farley , head of the nonprofit group Prostitution Research and Education in San Fransisco , believes johns deserve stronger punishment like longer prison sentences . A recent study by the Chicago Alliance Against Sexual Exploitation conducted among johns in Chicago , Illinois , found that 41 percent of them said John School would deter them from buying sex , compared with 92 percent who said being placed on a sex offender registry would scare them from re-offending . Nashville officials said they have n't tracked recidivism rates in their city , but the school 's program director said it 's probably deterring a third of the offenders in each class . At least one college educated , 47-year-old john 's attitude appeared to change on a recent Saturday . After class he wrote , "  There is no good part . I would rather be with my wife . This was quick but it was n't worth it . "	Experts say about 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the United States About 50 communities have programs that focus on deterring johns Nashville 's program includes a speech from a former prostitute The Internet is making it easier for people to buy prostitutes , experts say
CNN  -- Nigeria 's state oil company rejected criticism from a leading human rights group Wednesday , calling an Amnesty International report "  inaccurate . " File image of Shell 's oil and gas terminal on Bonny Island in southern Nigeria 's Niger Delta . "  We have issues with the report , " said Levi Ajuonoma , a spokesman for Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation . Amnesty said Tuesday that pollution and environmental impacts from the oil industry in the Niger Delta are creating a "  human rights tragedy " in which local people suffer poor health and loss of livelihood . Governments and oil companies are failing to be accountable for the problems , Amnesty said in its report , called "  Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty in the Niger Delta . " But the state oil company said it was local communities who cause much of the environmental damage by vandalizing pipelines for monetary gain . "  We take environmental damage very seriously , " Ajuonoma said . "  Pipeline damage is a major cause of pollution , " he argued , blaming "  communities who ... vandalize pipelines and make claims on the oil company operating in the area . " Amnesty leveled a wide range of charges in its report . "  People living in the Niger Delta have to drink , cook with and wash in polluted water , " said Audrey Gaughran , who co-authored the report . "  They eat fish contaminated with oil and other toxins -- if they are lucky enough to be able to still find fish . The land they farm on is being destroyed . "  After oil spills , the air they breathe smells of oil , gas and other pollutants . People complain of breathing problems and skin lesions , and yet neither the government nor the oil companies monitor the human impacts of oil pollution . " The report looks at oil spills , gas flaring , waste dumping and other environmental impacts from the oil industry . The majority of the evidence in the report relates to Shell , the main oil company operating in the region . "  Despite its public claims to be a socially and environmentally responsible corporation , Shell continues to directly harm human rights through its failure to adequately prevent and mitigate pollution and environmental damage in the Niger Delta , " Gaughran said . A Shell spokesman said the company shares Amnesty 's concern for the people in the Niger Delta but disputes the group 's assessment of its corporate accountability . "  We feel that the root causes of the Niger Delta 's humanitarian issues are poverty , corruption , crime , militancy , and violence . This report does not acknowledge these issues to any substantive degree , but concentrates on oil and gas issues in isolation , and as such , its value is limited , " said a spokesman at the company 's headquarters in The Hague , Netherlands , who asked not to be identified per company policy . "  This report brings no new insights or analysis to help oil companies such as SPDC improve managing the issues of the Niger Delta , " the Shell spokesman said . "  Instead , in parts it draws wide-ranging and superficial conclusions from a number of these deeply complex issues , offering little underlying analysis to support those conclusions . " SPDC is the Shell Petroleum Development Company , the national oil and gas company in Nigeria . Shell owns a 30-percent stake in the company while the Nigerian government owns 55 percent . The Niger Delta is a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states . It has a land area of about 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  -- about the same size as the Czech Republic or the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , according to the United Nations Development Program  UNDP  . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rainforest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . Amnesty says the majority of people living in the Niger Delta depend on the natural environment for their food and livelihood , particularly through agriculture and fisheries . Shell said it is not responsible for some 80 percent of the pollution in the oil-rich area , because that pollution is the result of attacks and sabotage of Shell operations in the Niger Delta . "  Over the past four weeks alone we had eight attacks , " he said . "  These attacks had a substantial impact on the environment , and assets , and most importantly for the people that live and work there . " About 85 percent of the oil spills from Shell operations are the result of attacks and sabotage , he said . Nigeria 's main militant group , the Movement for Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , has claimed responsibility for numerous attacks on the region 's oil infrastructure in recent months . MEND said Sunday it had attacked an offshore facility and that it was engulfed in flames . Last week , the group said it had destroyed a pipeline owned and operated by the Italian gas company Agip . Also last week , MEND claimed to have destroyed Shell 's main trunk line in Bayelsa state and a Chevron oil station in the region . MEND demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be invested in the Niger Delta instead of enriching those whom the militants consider to be corrupt politicians . Last year , a series of MEND attacks forced Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as much as 40 percent . Amnesty 's report acknowledged that armed groups and communities have worsened the pollution problem by vandalizing oil infrastructure or stealing oil , but it said the scale of the problem is not clear . Shell said plans are under way to deal with the problem of gas flaring , which happens when crude oil is brought to the surface along with the large volumes of gas that have been trapped with it . The gas used to be burned off safely in a process called flaring , but that process is now considered a waste of resources and revenue for the government , Shell says . A $ 3 billion program to reduce the gas flares has already been able to cut them by 30 percent , the company said . The Amnesty report also pointed the finger at governments and said they have failed to be held accountable for the situation of the people . The Niger Delta covers 185 different local government areas , according to the United Nations Development Program . "  The government must address the human impact of oil industry pollution , " said Gaughran , of Amnesty . "  They have a duty to protect their citizens from human rights abuse or harm by businesses and they are failing in that duty . " Shell supports "  collaborative solutions " between communities , governments , corporations and non-profit groups as the only way to address the problems listed in the Amnesty report , the spokesman said . "  The SPDC definitely shares Amnesty International 's concern that the people in the Niger Delta have n't benefited from the extraction of the oil and gas as they should , " the spokesman said , "  but this has been the opinion of the SPDC for a number of years . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Amnesty : Oil industry in Niger Delta creating "  human rights tragedy " People living in Niger Delta have to drink , cook , wash in polluted water , it says Nigeria 's state oil company : Local communities causing much of the damage Niger Delta a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states
CNN  -- An afternoon spent in a world-class museum can be an out-of-body experience -- a trip in a mental time machine to the courts of China 's Ming and Qing dynasties , to the cradle of civilization in Egypt , to Michelangelo , Rembrandt and Picasso 's studios or to the top of Gettysburg 's Little Round Top , where the Union came within one Confederate flanking maneuver of dissolving . The Louvre in Paris topped the 2012 Museum Index with more than 9.5 million annual visitors last year . The list is part of the recently released Themed Entertainment Association  TEA  and AECOM global attractions attendance report . Based on attendance figures compiled by AECOM , the index lists the 20 most visited museums worldwide . The index includes lists for the Americas , Europe and Asia Pacific . Attendance figures from museums in Australia and Canada were used in compiling the report , but they did not make the top 20 worldwide , said John Robinett , AECOM 's senior vice president of economics . He said attendance numbers from museums in Africa , Central America and South America were not included because they are difficult to obtain , and this is the first year museums were included in the report . "  We 'll probably expand this as we go through time , " he said . "  So stay tuned . " European museums make up 10 of the 20 on the list , and five of those are in London . Four of the six American museums are in Washington , three of them part of the Smithsonian Institution . Three of the four Asia/Pacific museums are in China . China wants to build 1,000 new museums in the next decade and projects museum attendance to reach 1 billion by 2020 , according to the report .	The Louvre had more than 9.5 million visitors last year Half of the list 's museums are in Europe Washington is home to four of the list 's six U.S.-based museums China expects museum attendance to reach 1 billion by 2020
Washington  CNN  Mitt Romney told an audience of Republican donors in New York on Friday that he is seriously considering a third presidential bid . "  Mitt told the group of 30 or so guys that were there that he is considering a run for the White House and that they could go tell their friends , " a source in the room told CNN . The Wall Street Journal first reported the comments . Though his loyalists and supportive donors have floated his name as a potential candidate for the better part of a year , Romney himself has been more reticent about mounting another White House bid after his 2008 and 2012 losses . But Romney 's outlook has changed in recent weeks , according to people who have spoken with him recently , and he seems to be more serious than ever before . Romney has kept in close touch with his donors , many of whom have become close friends over two presidential cycles , according to one source close to Romney who was not at the meeting in New York but is familiar with his thinking . Romney hosts an annual retreat each year in Park City for policy discussions -- and used the two most recent gatherings in 2013 and 2014 to introduce them to potential 2016 presidential candidates including Rand Paul and Chris Christie .  Jeb Bush was invited to speak last summer , but could not attend because of previous commitments , including his father 's birthday  . Many of Romney 's New York donors , who are in frequent touch with him , had suggested a lunch or get-together when Romney was in New York , which resulted in the meeting with donors on Friday as he was on his way back from Charlie Baker 's swearing in as the new governor of Massachusetts , this person said . Former aides to Romney have said that his thinking about the race has evolved over several months , particularly after he had time to reflect on being back on the campaign trail for the midterm races . As former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has moved toward a bid , many donors had pressed him for a signal about his level of interest . "  He had not closed his mind on this , and today was the day that he decided to share that with the group of people he was with , " the source familiar with Romney 's thinking said . "  His conviction that the country is on the wrong track is very strong . He 's very concerned with America 's role in the world . Nothing has changed on that . " As far as re-entering the field for the Republican nomination , the source said , "  He knows he would have to earn it , he knows no one is handed the nomination , but he 's giving it some thought ... His head has n't changed , I think he was just formalizing it a little bit , " at the Friday meeting , the source said , to let donors know he was considering a bid more seriously . Romney 's comments come in the wake of Jeb Bush 's stepped-up political activity . Bush , Romney and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- all favorites of the Republican establishment and New York donor community -- would presumably draw from the same pool of financial backers . "  I think he is serious , " said the person at the New York meeting . "  One of the first things he said he said was , ` People ask me , do you want to be president ? Well , yes , I did run twice . " Romney said that his wife , Ann , is "  very encouraging " about 2016 , the source said , but his sons are split about the idea , the source who was in the room said . The source familiar with Romney 's thinking also said Ann is "  supportive of it " if that 's what Romney wants . "  I do n't think he would have come to this without talking to his family . " At the heart of this , this source adds , is that "  the state of the country has n't settled for him . he wo n't be happy sitting on the sidelines . " The former Massachusetts governor told the crowd that a potential campaign would "  have to have a positive message . " He also said , somewhat obviously , that he "  would run a different campaign from what he 's run in the past . " Romney entertained questions about the rest of the potential 2016 field but had only positive things to say about his would-be rivals , the source said . The news comes after a week chock-full of high-profile potential Republican presidential candidates taking the first steps toward announcing their candidacy for the 2016 election . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush launched a Leadership PAC this week , just days after resigning his position on various corporate and nonprofite boards . And former GOP presidential contender Mike Huckabee quit his show on Fox News last week to give 2016 some serious consideration . And CNN reported Wednesday that Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is assembling a team for a potential 2016 presidential bid . The revelation of Romney 's overtures to top GOP donors is yet another addition to the long-term game of footsy Romney has played with the media and other Republicans who would like to know whether Romney is in or out -- though it 's certainly the most definitive and serious indication that Romney might actually launch a third presidential bid . Romney was rumored to be through with his presidential ambitions after a grueling 2012 run , but this summer he made several head nods that he was considering . Romney told the Washington Post this summer that "  we 'll have to see what happens " and said in another interview that the chances were very slim -- but conceded there was nonetheless always a chance . "  We never say never , " Ann Romney said on CNN 's "  New Day " this summer . Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney told donors Friday that he 's considering a third presidential bid in 2016 His comments come in the wake of Jeb Bush 's stepped-up political activity
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Monday spared I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby from prison , commuting the former White House aide 's 30-month prison term . A conviction remains on Scooter Libby 's record , and he must still pay a $ 250,000 fine . The prison time was imposed after a federal court convicted Libby of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to investigators in the probe of the leak of the name of a CIA operative . A commutation is distinct from a pardon , which is a complete eradication of a conviction record and makes it the same as if the person has never been convicted . Bush has only commuted Libby 's prison term , which means that the conviction remains on Libby 's record and he must still pay a $ 250,000 fine . He will be on probation for two years . Commutations are rarely granted , says CNN 's chief legal analyst , Jeffrey Toobin . A commutation is a total right of the president and it can not be challenged by any attorney or court , he said . It 's the fourth time Bush has issued one . Earlier Monday , a federal appeals court unanimously ruled that Libby could not delay serving his sentence , which would have put Libby just weeks away from surrendering to a prison . In a written statement commuting the prison sentence , issued hours after Monday 's ruling , Bush called the sentence "  excessive , " and suggested that Libby will pay a big enough price for his conviction . Watch what signal critics say Bush 's decision sends " "  The consequences of his felony conviction on his former life as a lawyer , public servant , and private citizen will be long-lasting , " he said . The president , who has been under great pressure to pardon Libby , said Libby was given "  a harsh sentence based in part on allegations never presented to the jury . " Libby can still appeal his conviction . And if the appeal fails or is still in process at the end of Bush 's term , the president could grant Libby a full pardon . Libby 's conviction is linked to the investigation into the 2003 leak of CIA operative Valerie Plame 's identity . An outraged Joe Wilson , Plame 's husband , spoke to CNN shortly after the ruling . Wilson had gone public with allegations that the Bush administration had "  twisted " the evidence used to justify the invasion of Iraq , and prosecutors argued that Libby disclosed her employment as part of an effort to discredit him . "  I have nothing to say to Scooter Libby , " Wilson said . "  I do n't owe this administration . They owe my wife and my family an apology for having betrayed her . Scooter Libby is a traitor . " Libby was not accused of disclosing Plame 's identity himself . But at trial , special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald told the jury that Libby 's actions left "  a cloud over the White House " by obstructing the leak probe . In a statement issued Monday night , Fitzgerald took issue with Bush 's description of the sentence as "  excessive , " saying it was "  imposed pursuant to the laws governing sentencings which occur every day throughout this country . " "  It is fundamental to the rule of law that all citizens stand before the bar of justice as equals , " Fitzgerald said . "  That principle guided the judge during both the trial and the sentencing . " Plame had worked in the CIA 's counter-proliferation division before the March 2003 invasion . She told a congressional committee in March that her exposure effectively ended her career and endangered "  entire networks " of agents overseas . Her husband said Bush 's action today demonstrates that the White House is "  corrupt from top to bottom . " Clemency petitions are normally reviewed by the Justice Department , which investigates the case and seeks input from the federal prosecutor who brought the case before issuing a recommendation to the president . A government official said that Bush did not consult with the Justice Department before rendering his decision . Reaction on Capitol Hill was swift . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said the president had "  abandoned all sense of fairness when it comes to justice . " "  The president 's commutation of Scooter Libby 's prison sentence does not serve justice , condones criminal conduct , and is a betrayal of trust of the American people , " she said . One of the few members of the GOP backing Bush , House Republican Whip Roy Blunt of Missouri , said the commutation was "  the right thing to do . " "  The prison sentence was overly harsh , and the punishment did not fit the crime , " Blunt said . Plame 's name became public when Robert Novak named her in his column on July 14 , 2003 . Former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage has admitted he disclosed the information to a reporter . Novak pointed to another "  senior administration official " -- Bush political adviser Karl Rove -- as the second source for his column . No one has been charged with leaking classified information in the case , but a jury found Libby guilty of trying to deceive investigators and a grand jury during the investigation . Bush was under great pressure to grant a pardon to Libby . Libby , the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , is the highest-ranking White House official ordered to prison since the Iran-Contra affair . Polls suggest the American public may not be happy with Libby 's commutation . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll taken in March asked if Bush should pardon Libby -- 69 percent said no , 18 percent said yes . Ted Wells , an attorney for Libby , issued a statement late Monday saying that Libby and his family "  wish to express their gratitude for the president 's decision . " "  We continue to believe in Mr. Libby 's innocence , " Wells said . "  Scooter and his family appreciate the many Americans who have supported them over the last two years . " E-mail to a friend	White House aide I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby faced 30 months in prison Libby will not serve that sentence but will pay $ 250,000 fine Libby convicted in relation to investigation into 2003 leak of CIA operative 's identity Bush called 30 months in prison "  excessive "
CNN  -- Matt Kuchar took home $ 1.7 million , the biggest prize in golf , for winning the Players Championship . It lifted him to a career-high fifth in the world rankings , but most importantly his family was there to see it . The American 's wife and two young sons raced onto the green after he clinched his fourth PGA Tour victory , and biggest by far . Also at TPC Sawgrass on Sunday were his dad and mom , who live nearby in Ponte Vedra Beach . "  It 's such an amazing feeling -- playing amongst the game 's best , to come out on top , to do it on Mother 's Day , staying here with Mom and Dad , with my wife and two kids here ... it really is magical , " Kuchar said on the PGA Tour website . Kuchar , a top amateur who has never exploded on the professional scene , is known as one of golf 's nice guys , a Mr. Consistent who has made the halfway cut in his past 17 starts and tied for third at the Masters in April . It did n't even bother him that his final-round partner was Kevin Na , the third-round leader who was battling inner demons and heckling from the crowd as he struggled to get around the course in his allotted time . "  I feel like I 'm so lucky to be doing what I do . I 'm out there , I 'm enjoying myself , having a good time . The smile is there because I 'm having a good time , because I 'm loving playing golf , " Kuchar rold reporters . "  Kevin knows that he 's fighting some demons with pulling the trigger , and in trying to help himself , he walks really fast . So he tries to offset his difficulty in actually hitting the ball by walking fast , getting up to his ball and trying to keep a similar pace of play . " South Korea-born Na , who is a naturalized American , collapsed with a closing 76 to finish tied for seventh -- five shots behind Kuchar . "  I deserve it , " Na said of the booing . "  I mean , I 'm being honest . But is it fair ? No . You put an average guy in between those ropes , trust me , they wo n't even pull it back . " Na had little sympathy from Tiger Woods , who suggested penalty strokes for slow players . "  Strokes is money . What people do n't realize is that one shot is so valuable out here , " the 2001 Players champion said after finishing tied for 40th , having closed with 73 . TPC Sawgrass is one of the toughest courses on the circuit , and even leading players such as Rory McIlroy struggle there . The U.S. Open champion missed the halfway cut for the third time at the $ 9.5 million tournament , but retained the No. 1 ranking after Luke Donald finished only sixth despite a closing 66 . The Englishman was two shots behind a group of four tied for second , including last weekend 's Quail Hollow winner Rickie Fowler , Texas Open champion Ben Curtis , 2007 Masters victor Zach Johnson and Scotland 's Martin Laird . But the spoils went to Kuchar , who claimed his first win since The Barclays in 2010 and can now take his place among some legendary names to have triumphed at the Players . "  I think one of the things that strikes me is walking every day through the champions ' tunnel , " he said . "  Every player does it . And for me , I ca n't help but stop and gaze at all the photos going through champions tunnel , and to think I 'm going to be a part of that with Jack Nicklaus and Lee Trevino and Raymond Floyd and Phil Mickelson and David Duval and Tiger Woods , it 's all the best of the best . "  To feel like I 'm going to see my picture up there next year is pretty cool . "	American golfer Matt Kuchar climbs up world rankings after winning on Sunday He finishes two shots clear at the $ 9.5 million Players Championship in Florida Final-round playing partner Kevin Na is booed by the crowd for his slow play Tiger Woods suggests scoring penalty for players who are too slow around course
CNN  -- Nobody looks to Olympic opening ceremonies for historical exactitude . Yet the brutal denialism of the opening spectacle at the 2014 Sochi Games should anger and sadden every viewer -- and Russian viewers most of all . "  The struggle of freedom against tyranny is the struggle of memory against forgetting . " So wrote the great Czech novelist Milan Kundera . In Russia , forgetting has won . These Olympics opened with a pageant of Russian history that excised the crimes of Soviet Communism . No Red Terror . No Gulag . No Ukrainian famine . No Katyn . The Russian state refuses to reckon with the past . After a brief and partial opening in the early 1990s , it has closed its archives to historians . The few memorials erected in the Yeltsin years are already crumbling , untended and disregarded . Surviving victims have received no compensation or recognition . The sorry story of this failure of conscience is well told by David Satter in his aptly titled study , "  It Was a Long Time Ago and It Never Happened Anyway . " Nor does Russian society press its leadership to emulate the example of modern Germany , where Nazi crimes are acknowledged , memorialized and repented . The victims of Soviet communist crimes numbered in the millions , but so too did the perpetrators and accomplices . They and their children do not wish to be confronted with the truth -- and they certainly do not wish to be held to account for it . An apologist for the Russian state might reply : "  What about slavery ? " OK , fair question . American presidents from Abraham Lincoln through George W. Bush to Barack Obama have eloquently denounced and apologized for the crime of slavery . Americans fought a horrific war to arrest and overthrow slavery , and it was the foes of slavery -- including 180,000 former slaves and free black men -- who won the war , and whose institutions continue to this day . The Sochi opening ceremony did not have to address Russian history . The opening ceremonies at Salt Lake City in 2002 and Atlanta in 1996 did not offer an equivalent pageant . But had they done so and omitted slavery , yes , that would have been a scandal . Sochi did worse than omit . It actively glorified the era of Stalinism . What was presented at Sochi was the equivalent of a German historical pageant that suggested the major events of the 1930s and 1940s were the building of the autobahn and the invention of the jet engine . It 's shocking , and we should not lose our ability to be shocked by the shocking . Oblivion of the past betrays the future . Because Russia failed to do justice to the old communist apparatus in the 1990s , it opened itself to the recapture of the state by that same apparatus in the 2000s . Gulag officials and secret policemen were not brought to book , and today , former Gulag officials and former secret policemen again control the Russian government -- and now also own much of Russia 's wealth . Vladimir Putin has held continuous power since 2000 , without ever once facing a fair and open election . The Russian media are less free today than they were 20 years ago . More than 300 journalists have been murdered since 1991 , including an American , Paul Klebnikov , the former editor of the Russian edition of Forbes . Regional governments are controlled from the center by presidential appointment . Citizens have little voice in their own affairs . Prosecutions and imprisonment for political dissent have resumed and are accelerating . Those who gained wealth in the Yeltsin years either come to terms with the Putin circle or are expropriated or imprisoned . Standards of living for ordinary Russians remain miserably low . No beginning has been made on cleaning the environmental disasters bequeathed by communism . Old-age pensions are scanty , and health care provision miserable outside the capital . Yet even as the state fails to meet these basic domestic responsibilities , it has resumed the old practice of bullying its smaller neighbors and subverting its bigger ones . The violence in Ukraine divides a public that wants to align with Europe from an authoritarian leadership backed by Moscow . Wherever you find an international bad actor , from Venezuela to Iran , there you find a Russian ally . As authoritarian regimes so often do , Russia has even taken to stigmatizing and persecuting a scapegoat minority : gays and lesbians , whose basic free speech rights have now been defined as a crime against the state . Truth-telling about Russia 's history wo n't suffice to redress these wrongs . But so long as the truth is denied and suppressed , the work of correction can not begin -- and Russia 's future will be polluted , as Russia 's present is , by the corpses of Russia 's unenumerated , unmourned and unatoned past . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Olympic organizers chose to make opening ceremony a historical pageant He says by leaving out Soviet era brutality , Russia glided over a central part of its story Frum : Ignoring Soviet crimes enables Putin regime to cut gains Russians made in 1990s He says Russia ca n't correct its ills unless it faces its past squarely
CNN  -- The head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization said Saturday that U.N. nuclear experts can inspect a uranium enrichment plant , according to a report from Iran-funded Press TV . Iranian soldiers are shown in the uranium enrichment facility in Natanz , 300 kms south of Tehran , in 2006 . Ali Akbar Salehi said officials are trying to settle on a date for the inspection by the International Atomic Energy Agency . GeoEye , a U.S.-based satellite imagery company , released two photos dated Saturday from what it says is the second facility . The image shows quarry equipment , a surface-to-air missile site , and more construction equipment surrounding a mountain , according to image analysis by IHS Jane 's , an intelligence firm . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility near the Shia Muslim city of Qom , about 100 miles southwest of Tehran . He said the plant wo n't be operational for about 18 months . Ahmadinejad told reporters Friday that Iran had met IAEA requirements by informing it about the plant at least six months before it is slated to begin operating . Watch Ahmadinejad hit back at Obama " The watchdog agency confirmed that it received a letter Monday from Iran revealing the existence of the underground facility on a military base . Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , an agency spokesman said . Iran has denied its goal is to develop nuclear weapons , a concern of the United States and other Western nations . Esmail Kowsari , a senior Iranian lawmaker , said Iran 's need for nuclear fuel is outpacing the limited amount of uranium it can enrich at its only other plant in Natanz . But Iran 's activities , along with its anti-Western and anti-Israel rhetoric , have troubled international powers working to stop the development of an Iranian nuclear program . The country 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said it is planning to stage "  massive missile exercises " or war games on Sunday to promote the armed forces ' "  deterrent power , " the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . The tests are code named "  Payambar-e Azam 4 , or "  The Great Messenger , " the corps said in its announcement . Iran 's announcement came ahead of a planned meeting October 1 between it and the five permanent United Nations Security Council members , plus Germany . Leaders from the United States , France and Britain made a joint announcement , accusing Iran of violating international agreements by keeping the construction plan a secret . "  This is a serious challenge to the global non-proliferation regime and continues a disturbing pattern of Iranian evasion , " President Obama said Saturday in his weekly radio address . "  That is why international negotiations with Iran scheduled for October 1 now take on added urgency , " he said . "  My offer of a serious , meaningful dialogue to resolve this issue remains open . But Iran must now cooperate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency and take action to demonstrate its peaceful intentions . " Ali Asghar Soltanieh , Iran 's ambassador to the IAEA , told Press TV Saturday that Iran is "  very disappointed with the hasty , unjustified hostile reaction yesterday by three leaders . " He was referring to Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Watch world leaders react to Iran " "  What I suspect is a hidden agenda , which is going to jeopardize our excellent cooperation with the IAEA , and perhaps long-term jeopardize the integrity and credibility of the IAEA , " he said . "  We are working with the agency in a very technical and smooth manner to arrange the inspection to the site . " Other Iranians also reacted to the criticism over the new plant . iReport.com : Dissidents discuss Iran enrichment plants "  God willing , this plant will be put into operation soon , and will blind the eyes of the enemies , " Fars reported Saturday , quoting a senior Iranian official . The senior official , Hojjatoleslam Mohammad Mohammadi Golpayegani , heads the office of the country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Also Saturday , the Web site of the Iran Student News Agency carried comments from an Iranian legislator who warned Western nations not to make Iran regret its cooperation with the IAEA . "  Western countries and the U.S. must not make Iran regret its cooperation with the IAEA beyond its legal obligations , " said Alaeddin Boroujerdi , chief of the Iran Parliament Commission for National Security and Foreign Policy . He said Western criticism of Iran 's new facility is an "  illogical and unrealistic " smear campaign . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dan Lothian , Pam Benson , Matthew Chance and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : News agency : Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps plans "  missile exercises " Head of Iran 's atomic energy program says U.N. experts can inspect plant Iran told IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , IAEA spokesman says U.S. has known about unfinished site since Bush administration , officials say
Testifying before Congress on Wednesday , Gen. Keith Alexander , director of the National Security Agency , asserted that his agency 's massive acquisition of U.S. phone data and the contents of overseas Internet traffic that is provided by American tech companies has helped prevent "  dozens of terrorist events . " On Thursday , Sens. Ron Wyden and Mark Udall , Democrats who both serve on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and have access to the nation 's most sensitive secrets , released a statement contradicting this assertion . "  Gen. Alexander 's testimony yesterday suggested that the NSA 's bulk phone records collection program helped thwart ` dozens ' of terrorist attacks , but all of the plots that he mentioned appear to have been identified using other collection methods , " the two senators said . Indeed , a survey of court documents and media accounts of all the jihadist terrorist plots in the United States since 9/11 by the New America Foundation shows that traditional law enforcement methods have overwhelmingly played the most significant role in foiling terrorist attacks . This suggests that the NSA surveillance programs are wide-ranging fishing expeditions with little to show for them . Alexander promised during his congressional testimony that during this coming week more information would be forthcoming about how the NSA surveillance programs have prevented many attacks . A U.S. intelligence document provided to CNN by a congressional source over the weekend asserts that the dragnet of U.S. phone data and Internet information from overseas users "  has contributed to the disruption of dozens of potential terrorist plots here in the homeland and in more than 20 countries around the world . " The public record , which is quite rich when it comes to jihadist terrorism cases , suggests that the NSA surveillance yielded little of major value to prevent numerous attacks in the United States , but government officials may be able to point to a number of attacks that were averted overseas . That may not do much to dampen down the political firestorm that has gathered around the NSA surveillance programs . After all , these have been justified because they have supposedly helped to keep Americans safe at home . Homegrown jihadist extremists have mounted 42 plots to conduct attacks within the United States since 2001 . Of those plots , nine involved an actual terrorist act that was not prevented by any type of government action , such as the failed attempt by Faisal Shahzad to blow up a car bomb in Times Square on May 1 , 2010 . Of the remaining 33 plots , the public record shows that at least 29 were uncovered by traditional law enforcement methods , such as the use of informants , reliance on community tips about suspicious activity and other standard policing practices . Informants have played a critical role in preventing more than half of the plots by homegrown jihadist extremists since the 9/11 attacks , according to New America Foundation data . For instance , a group of Muslims from the Balkans living in southern New Jersey who were virulently opposed to the Iraq War told a government informant in 2007 they were plotting to kill soldiers stationed at the nearby Fort Dix army base . Other investigations have relied on tips to law enforcement . Saudi student Khalid Aldawsari 's plot to attack a variety of targets in Texas in 2011 , including President George W. Bush 's home in Dallas , was foiled when a company reported his attempt to buy chemicals suitable for making explosives . Standard police work has also stopped plots . Kevin Lamar James , a convert to Islam , formed a group dedicated to holy war while he was jailed in California 's Folsom Prison during the late 1990s . James ' crew planned to attack a U.S. military recruiting station in Los Angeles on the fourth anniversary of 9/11 as well as a synagogue a month later . Members of James ' group financed their activities by sticking up gas stations , and their plans only came to light during the course of a routine investigation of a gas station robbery by local police in Torrance , California , who found documents that laid out the group 's plans for mayhem . In defending the role of NSA surveillance in his congressional testimony , Alexander pointed to two plots averted by his agency 's programs ; the plan by Denver resident Najibullah Zazi to bomb the New York subway system in 2009 and a plot the same year by Chicago resident David Coleman Headley to attack the offices of a Danish newspaper that had printed cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed that many Muslims deemed offensive . In the Zazi case , testimony in a Brooklyn court shows that around the eighth anniversary of 9/11 , U.S. officials found an e-mail address in Pakistan , believed to be connected to al Qaeda , that was in communication with njbzaz@yahoo.com, an e-mail address in the Denver area . Officials found that Zazi was e-mailing from njbzaz@yahoo.com to get clarification from his handlers in Pakistan about how to mix ingredients for the bombs he was building in his Denver apartment . Zazi was arrested before he could carry out his plan to attack the New York subways . This plot could well have been detected by the NSA 's PRISM program , which collects the e-mails and other records of computer users outside the United States from nine U.S. technology companies , including Yahoo . But the detection of the plot does not appear to have anything to do with the government 's collection of the phone records of tens of millions of Americans . In the case of Headley , the government has n't clarified its claim that NSA surveillance led to his detection , but Sebastian Rotella of ProPublica , who has done the most authoritative reporting on the Headley case , says that Headley came to the attention of U.S. officials because he was in contact with al Qaeda operatives in the United Kingdom who were under surveillance by the British . In other words , Headley was not detected by NSA surveillance but because of a tip from a close ally . Moreover , conventional law enforcement methods were available to detect Headley 's ties to terrorism , but they were ignored . Headley 's wife warned the FBI of his involvement with the Pakistani-based militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba years before his plot to attack the Danish newspaper .	National Security Agency chief says NSA has prevented "  dozens of terrorist events " Peter Bergen says publicly available information minimizes value of NSA surveillance Bergen : Most effective weapons against terror are traditional law enforcement techniques
Shanghai , China  CNN  Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month , the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms . Parent company Geely Automobile , which bought Volvo in 2010 , is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand . Geely 's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other Chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets . CEO Hkan Samuelsson said Volvo planned to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years . For many U.S. consumers , China is still more closely linked with cheap clothing and electronics than luxury vehicles , but Samuelsson downplayed any concerns about quality . "  We do n't highlight where the vehicle is built but we do n't keep it a secret . We sell them as Volvos and we know they are exactly the same in quality no matter where they are produced , " he told CNN . The car will be one of four models produced in a manufacturing plant in Chengdu that opened in 2013 . But given that Volvo 's brand is staked on its reputation for safety , analysts said the company will have to tread carefully . "  They have a strong enough reputation no matter where they 're made . They will have to make sure they do n't ruin that perception with any quality issues , " said Raymond Tsang , a Shanghai-based partner at consultants Bain & Company . China surpassed the U.S. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 , and most major automakers build cars in China . But until now those cars have been sold almost exclusively in China . Chinese car manufacturers like Geely and its rival Great Wall Motor do export their models to countries in Africa , the Middle East and Eastern Europe . But none have so far dared tackle developed markets like the U.S. and Western Europe . Geely chairman Li Shufu said he hoped the company would eventually become a global car brand , but said there were no current plans to begin export its home-grown brand to U.S. showrooms . "  We have the ambition , yes ; determination yes , but I 'm also -LSB- a -RSB- very realistic person , " he said . Industry analysts say it 's unlikely we will see Chinese car makers shake up the U.S. car market in the same way Japanese and South Korean manufacturers did decades earlier , at least in the near future . "  Hyundai and Toyota are now extremely successful but it took them decades to move away from being perceived as lower end and lower quality than U.S. cars , " said Tsang . "  And now the market is even more competitive , especially for entry level models . " READ MORE : China wants eyes on cars not models at Shanghai Auto Show	Volvo says it will begin exporting Chinese-built cars to the U.S. in May It 's the first time "  Made in China " cars will be available in U.S. showrooms But it 's unlikely that Chinese car brands will take on developed markets
The washing of feet was a radical act in Jesus ' time . It is no less radical in the modern era , with Pope Francis ' decision to break with the long-standing papal tradition of washing only priests ' feet , to include women and non-Christians in the symbolic ceremony . The controversy began on Holy Thursday last year when Pope Francis washed the feet of two women and two Muslims at a juvenile detention center in Rome . Before this , modern Popes had only ever washed the feet of 12 priests at the Vatican , during the Mass for the Last Supper . WATCH : Pope Francis washes prisoners ' feet This year , Pope Francis visited a home for the elderly and disabled , the Fondazione Don Carlo Gnocchi , to wash the feet of "  12 disabled people of different ages , ethnicities and religious confessions , " during a special Lord 's Supper Mass , according to the Vatican . Those chosen for the special honor included a 16-year-old boy from Cape Verde who was paralyzed in a diving accident last year , a 19-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman diagnosed with cerebral palsy , and two 86-year-olds with mobility problems . The 78-year-old pope smiled at each of the people whose feet he washed , but clearly struggled to get up from his knees as he moved down the line ; two assistants helped him to his feet . He appeared to tire towards the end of the short ceremony . The tradition of the pontiff washing his priests ' feet is based on a passage of the Bible which says that Jesus attended to his disciples at the Last Supper , saying , "  If I , your Lord and Teacher , have washed your feet , you also ought to wash one another 's feet . "  John 13:15 Vatican ecclesiastical rules say that only "  adult males " may have their feet washed at the Mass of the Last Supper  according to the Roman Missal , 2002  , following the biblical tradition that Jesus washed the feet of 12 men . The choice of 12 priests is also symbolic of Jesus ' institution of the priesthood , which according to Catholic tradition , occurred at the Last Supper . For many years , however , bishops around the world received permission from the Vatican to wash the feet of women as well in their churches . In fact , when the now-Pope was Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Argentina , he washed the feet of young mothers at a maternity hospital in 2005 . And it was n't the first -- or last -- time his choice would provoke debate : In 2001 , he washed and kissed the feet of 12 AIDS patients at a hospice in the Argentinian capital , and in 2008 , he washed the feet of recovering drug addicts at a rehab center in the city . But until last year , no pope had dared to go against Vatican rules and choose anyone but priests for the Holy Thursday event . In choosing to change the practice , Francis is being as radical as Jesus was in his own time . "  According to the Talmud , the washing of feet was forbidden to any Jew except those in slavery , " the US Conference of Catholic Bishops says in its Holy Thursday Mandatum . "  Jesus ' action of washing the feet of his disciples was unusual for his gesture went beyond the required laws of hospitality  washing of hands  to what was , in appearance , a menial task . " By eschewing traditional practice , Pope Francis is emphasizing the spirit rather than the letter of the law -- something Jesus himself did by breaking with Jewish tradition in washing his disciples ' feet . And the spirit , or meaning , behind washing the feet of another person is one of humility and service -- that through the act , the leader becomes a servant to his followers . The Vatican 's Congregation for Divine Worship says that foot-washing "  represents the service and charity of Christ , who came ` not to be served , but to serve . ' " According to Vatican spokesman Father Thomas Rosica , Francis ' gesture in 2013 was one of humility and service , intended to "  embrace those on the fringes of society . " From the beginning of his papacy , the pope himself has been on the "  fringes " of long-standing Vatican protocol , for example by choosing to live outside of the papal palace and eschewing traditional papal garments and modes of transport . In breaking the rules of foot-washing at the Vatican , the Pope is acknowledging what has been a practice in local churches for some time , and also reminding Catholics that the important thing is not whose foot is being washed , but the spirit behind that gesture .	Pope Francis washed the feet of 12 people at a home for the elderly and disabled Ceremony is traditionally carried out on Holy Thursday , to remember Jesus ' Last Supper Until last year , pontiff washed the feet of members of the clergy Pope Francis broke with tradition , to include "  ordinary " people ; women and non-Christians
CNN  -- A GOP-inspired effort to tinker with the Electoral College machinery in California is raising alarm bells among Democrats who fear it could doom the party 's chances of winning the White House in 2008 . A GOP-led group submitted a proposal to state Attorney General Jerry Brown that could sway the '08 presidential race . Democrats have come to rely on California 's block of 55 electoral votes -- the largest haul available in any state -- as part of their arithmetic to win the presidency with a majority in the Electoral College . A group called Californians for Equal Representation has submitted a ballot initiative to state Attorney General Jerry Brown that would change the current statewide winner-take-all system to a formula based on congressional districts . Republicans say the idea is aimed at attracting presidential candidates to campaign in California , which they rarely do because the statewide vote traditionally leans Democratic . Opponents call the proposal an attempt to grab Democratic votes . Under the proposal , the winning candidate in each of the state 's 53 congressional districts would get one electoral vote , with two votes going to the statewide winner . Supporters want to put the proposal on the ballot for next June 's state primary , which would put the change into effect for the 2008 election . Do to so , supporters will have to collect about 434,000 petition signatures from registered voters by November 13 , according to the secretary of state 's office . In the 2006 election , Californians elected 34 Democrats and 19 Republicans to the House . Had the proposed system been in effect in 2004 , President Bush would have captured 22 of California 's electoral votes . The extra electoral votes would have eliminated Bush 's need to carry the pivotal state of Ohio to win re-election . "  This would all but guarantee that the Republican nominee would get 20 extra Electoral College votes , which could certainly impact the outcome of the election , " said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican strategist . And that is exactly what has Democrats crying foul . "  The Republicans are doing this in California because they want a chunk of our vote , " said Darry Sragow , a Democratic strategist . The ballot initiative was submitted by Thomas Hiltachk , a Sacramento election lawyer who is also general counsel for Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . The purpose of the change is to make California more relevant in presidential elections by forcing candidates to campaign in the state , according to the initiative . "  Because this is a reliable Democratic state , none of the presidential candidates -- Republican or Democrat -- ever shows up in California , " Hoffenblum said . On the other side of the divide , Democrats argue that California should n't make such a change when the vast majority of other states still operate under a winner-take-all system . "  This is very fair if it 's universal around the country , " Sragow said . "  It is patently absurd it if only takes place in certain states . " Under the Constitution , each state gets a number of electoral votes equal to its representation in Congress , including both representatives and senators . Currently , 48 states award all of their electoral votes to the candidate who wins the largest number of votes . Two states -- Nebraska and Maine -- have adopted the system that is being proposed for California , assigning their electoral votes based on who wins individual congressional districts , with the statewide winner getting the two votes derived from senators . But this has not generated controversy because both states have just a handful of votes , and the results have never resulted in splitting them between candidates . Ironically , while Democrats are up in arms in California over the idea of changing the Electoral College rules , their compatriots in Republican-leaning North Carolina have floated the idea of adopting the Nebraska-Maine system for their state . However , national Democratic leaders have tried to discourage that effort , because of concerns it would be difficult to support such a change in North Carolina , where it would help the party , while opposing it in California . The change also would help Democrats much less in North Carolina than it would hurt in California . In 2004 , the Democratic presidential nominee , Sen. John Kerry , would have garnered three more votes in North Carolina , while losing 22 in California . The disputed 2000 election , in which Bush won the electoral vote while losing the popular vote , has generated a flurry of proposals to abolish or alter the Electoral College , both at the federal and state level . In 2006 , Colorado voters rejected a constitutional amendment that would have divided up the electoral vote pie in proportion to each candidates ' share of the popular vote . A group called National Popular Vote also is lobbying state legislatures to adopt a system where all of a state 's electoral votes would be pledged to the winner of the national popular vote -- an idea which , if adopted by states holding a majority of electoral votes , would ensure that the popular vote winner always became president . While National Popular Vote says its plan has been introduced in 47 states , Maryland is the only one so far to pass it . And the change wo n't go into effect in Maryland until it gains approval in enough states to ensure that the popular vote winner would take the White House . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Schneider contributed to this report .	Proposal would change winner-take-all system for electoral votes in 2008 race Strategists : Formula based on congressional districts would help GOP win votes Republicans say idea aims to attract presidential campaigns to California Democrats accuse initiative 's supporters of trying to grab their votes
