The newest perk at Laucala Island resort easily makes it onto our list of most outrageous hotel amenities . As of October , the private island property in Fiji became the world 's first resort to include a ride in its own submarine -- a futuristic two-seater called DeepFlight Super Falcon -- as part of its all-inclusive package . Previously , an hour-long ride in the submarine cost $ 2,000 per person . DeepFlight Super Falcon is a winged micro-submersible with 360-degree viewing capability through acrylic domes . It can operate as deep as 1,500 feet . The unique winged technology allows the submarine to "  fly " underwater like a sea creature . James Bond experience The sub 's designer , Graham Hawkes , is known for building extravagant personal submersibles . Hawkes ' earlier designs include submersibles seen in the James Bond film "  For Your Eyes Only , " and James Cameron 's "  Aliens of the Deep . " DeepFlight Super Falcons cost about $ 1.7 million apiece . Laucala Island owner and Red Bull co-founder Dietrich Mateschitz is a privileged owner , along with Richard Branson and Tom Perkins of Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers venture capital fame . The dive Laucala Island guests can expect a dive to depths of 40 to 60 feet into the sea . The hour-long trip takes one guest at a time  along with a pilot  from the island 's main beach to the "  Black Rock " section of the island 's inner reef . Scorpion fish , clown fish , turtles and leopard sharks are some of the marine fauna guests might see during the ride . Apart from abundant coral reefs and marine life , the 25-villa resort sits on an exclusive 3,500-acre Pacific island known for a diverse landscape -- volcanic mountains , tropical rainforest , beaches and mangroves . Laucala Island , Fiji ; +679 888 0077 ; one bedroom villa from $ 4,200 per night	Private Laucala Island in Fiji is the first resort to offer a free submarine experience for guests DeepFlight Super Falcon is a winged submersible that "  flies " underwater An hour tour travels from the main beach to "  Black Rock " in the island 's inner reef
CNN  -- Twitter was abuzz Thursday with the death of Apple visionary Steve Jobs but another topic was gathering steam as the day progressed . Who will win this year 's coveted Nobel Peace Prize ? Not Jobs , though many among his huge global following posted messages that he should . The Nobel is never awarded posthumously and that rule also eliminates Mohamed Bouazizi , the unemployed college graduate whose self-immolation in Tunisia sparked a popular uprising that led to the fall of Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali 's government . The Tunisian revolt began this year 's so-called Arab Spring . Some years , there are clear frontrunners -- Martin Luther King , Jr. , Mother Teresa , Nelson Mandela , Aung San Suu Kyi . This year , it 's anyone 's guess with a record number of nominations -- 241 -- received by the Nobel committee . Of those , 53 are organizations , including WikiLeaks -- the website founded by Julian Assange that facilitates the publication of classified information and made headlines for leaking documents and videos related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . It also released thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables . "  Liu Xiabao was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last year for his struggle for human rights , democracy and freedom of speech in China , " blogged Norwegian lawmaker Snorre Valen of the Socialist Left Party , who nominated WikiLeaks . "  Likewise : WikiLeaks have contributed to the struggle for those very values globally , by exposing  among many other things  corruption , war crimes and torture -- some times even conducted by allies of Norway . " Liu 's win upset the Chinese and set off a diplomatic squabble . The year before , the world gasped collectively at Barack Obama 's win , a shocker that the U.S. president had won even before he had completed his first year in office . Despite the controversy that has swirled around perhaps the world 's most prestigious prize , some experts say this year is a no-brainer , given the seismic events that have gripped the Arab world . Kristian Berg Harpviken , director of Norway 's Peace Research Institute Oslo shortlisted men and women who did their share in fomenting peaceful revolts against repressive regimes . Harpviken 's top choice is Israa Abdel Fattah , who helped organize Egypt 's online April 6 Youth Movement in 2008 . She was arrested by Egyptian security that year and soon became a symbol of defiance against Hosni Mubarak 's government . She has earned the monikers "  cyber dissident " and "  Facebook girl " and was named one of Arabian Business Magazine 's 100 most powerful women in 2011 . The peace research institute 's website said that Fattah is a good choice because the Nobel committee "  has emphasized its wish to be relevant , to speak to dominant themes of the present , and to see the prize giving leverage in unfolding processes . Secondly , Harpviken believes that the prize is likely to be awarded to a female leader or activist who has been an innovator of new tools for bringing about peace . " Another potential winner is Wael Ghonim , the former Google executive who used social media to jump-start social change in Egypt . Ghonim fired off a steady stream of messages on Twitter and Facebook and worked behind the scenes to galvanize thousands to march on the streets to demand change . Tunisian blogger Lina Ben Mhenni is also on many top lists . Censored in her own country , she criticized the regime long before the uprisings began , dispersing information to the outside world . "  A prize to Mhenni would be a prize to independent reporting , in the form of social media , as well as recognition of the peaceful protests of the Tunisian people at large , " the peace institute website said . Some experts think that Gene Sharp , an American scholar who founded the Albert Einstein Institution in Boston , could be recognized for his work on the principles of non-violence , including "  From Dictatorship to Democracy . " The downloadable writings in many languages have proved a source of inspiration around the world , including the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa . Harpviken also named Memorial , a Russian civil rights group known for its fight for to protect refugees and victims of political persecution and human rights violations in war zones . Natalya Estemirova , Memorial 's lead researcher in the Chechen republic , was abducted and killed in July 2009 . Human Rights Watch said it "  appeared to be clearly connected to her work uncovering human rights violations in Chechnya . " Bookmakers Paddy Power listed Sima Samar , head of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , as a favorite at 5/4 odds . A physician and trailblazer for women 's rights , Samar was named deputy premier after the toppling of the Taliban in 2001 , the first woman to win such a high government post . She has been threatened with death and harassed for questioning conservative Islamic laws and practices , including the burqua , the head-to-toe garment Afghan women have been forced to wear . Paddy Power picked the right winner last year . That bodes well for Samar . Other names on global shortlists include : -- Aung San Suu Kyi , the Burmese pro-democracy leader who was released from house arrest last year . Suu Kyi is already a Nobel laureate -- she was awarded the peace price in 1991 . No individual has won it twice , though two organizations -- the International Committee of the Red Cross and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -- are repeat winners . -- German Chancellor Helmut Kohl -- Cuban dissident Oswaldo Payas Sardinas -- Ghazi bin Muhammad , a Jordanian advocate of interfaith dialogue The winner will be announced Friday . Until then , the speculation continues to heat up . Twitter user Alu Abunimah  @avinunu  offered one last candidate for consideration to his more than 16,000 followers . "  Maybe the Nobel Peace Prize will go to The Markets , to help Calm them and make them Feel Better , " he said . "  Also they need the money . " The Nobel Peace prize laureate will win about $ 1.5 million . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Many experts say an Arab Spring nominee will win the peace prize WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange have also been nominated The Nobel committee received a record number of nominations this year The winner will be announced Friday at 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  in Oslo , Norway
CNN  -- If an e-mail popped up in your inbox promising a house for $ 100 , you 'd expect to see it sent from a guy in Nigeria asking you to wire him several thousand dollars first . Zeb Smith lies on his front lawn and spends a quiet afternoon with his neighbors . But this depressed housing market dream is real . And Detroit , Michigan , artist Jon Brumit and his wife , Sarah , are living it . The couple never counted on owning a home . "  It 's not that we have a little money , " Jon Brumit said , laughing . "  I 'm saying we have no money . " But the couple began entertaining the idea of a permanent nest when their friends Mitch Cope and Gina Reichert , also artists , started taking advantage of foreclosures in the city , where the average home price dipped to $ 11,533 in April , according to the Detroit Association of Realtors . Dragging down the average are homes that are long abandoned or foreclosed on that are selling for pennies on the dollar . Detroit already had the lowest market value houses in Michigan before the latest rounds of job losses at GM and other huge employers , market analysts say . "  Those artists are doing a good thing ; they are at least helping to stabilize neighborhoods that would be all but lost , " said Mike Shedlock , an investment adviser who blogs frequently about Detroit 's economy . For less than a few thousand dollars , Cope and Reichert snapped up a dilapidated bungalow in a north Detroit neighborhood called "  BanglaTown , " for its unexpected mix of Bangladeshis , African-Americans , Polish and Ukrainians and the occasional shady character . Scrappers had cleaned the house to the bone . The copper had been stolen ; the electrical wiring was stripped . But no matter . Here was a chance for Cope and Reichert , who run a popular Detroit art store , to rehabilitate the 1920s brick house into a bastion of energy savings , with solar panels , LED lights , recycled wood and high-end insulated windows . They 're installing a security system that exemplifies elegant efficiency with hurricane-proof windows and steel doors replacing burglar bars . They are also experimenting with running their air-conditioning on a car battery . The project became known as the Power House . Cope and Reichert wanted to create a central place to power homes nearby and , in turn , revive a neighborhood 's sense of community . The trick was getting their friends not only to cheer the concept but invest in it by moving next door . "  It was much easier than we thought it might be , " Cope said . "  We told everyone that Detroit is an interesting city to work in as an artist , and the neighborhood is diverse . But , really , it came down to money . " "  I kept telling Mitch , ` Wow those are an awesome , ridiculously good deals but if you find anything that 's less , let me know , " Brumit said . "  Like , if something comes along for next to nothing , cool . " A few weeks later , Cope e-mailed Brumit a photo of an abandoned home on his block . Its windows were boarded up and plywood was nailed across the front door . The huge hole in the roof was courtesy of the fire department . A neighbor said the house had been set on fire -- twice . Pricetag : $ 100 . Brumit called a real estate agent with the Department of Housing and Urban Development , who confirmed that bids on the foreclosed property started at $ 95 for the property , $ 5 for the house . There were no back taxes -- no one seemed to be sure who once owned the house , it had been empty for so long , Brumit said . Cope , also a designer and builder , and an inspector did a walk-through . "  Inspection was fine and Mitch told me the foundation was good , " Brumit said . "  He just said , ` If you did n't mind scraping some peeling paint , doing some surface treatments , putting in new utilities , windows and repairing the roof ... this could be pretty interesting . ' " Now , when he 's not hauling loads of rubble away or knocking out walls to create a single , open studio space , Brumit 's searching Craigslist for a furnace . In exchange for designing the business Web site of a local barn recycler , he 's getting materials to turn that hole in his roof into a skylight . "  I saw it as a project , " the artist said . "  I 'm a builder . I 've been building skateboards since I was 12 . " Skateboards are one thing . Rebuilding homes where the plumbing has been ripped out or the cabinets destroyed in a fit by an upset foreclosed homeowner is another . Michigan housing authorities acknowledge that there 's little incentive for people who are n't quite as handy as Brumit . In two weeks , the state will begin offering $ 25,000 to anyone who buys a home , as long as they pay 1 percent of the total cost and live in it . Landlords or speculators are n't eligible . Part of a $ 263 million grant given to Michigan and other states under 2008 's Housing and Economic Recovery Act , the funds are intended to help buyers bring trashed properties up to code , according to Mary Townley , a director with the Michigan State Housing Development Authority . She and other housing officials CNN spoke with said Michigan 's economy has some extremely frustrating woes . A report from the nonprofit think tank Brookings Institution said Detroit had the lowest performing economy out of 100 U.S. cities it analyzed -- scoring the worst in unemployment and average wages , the highest foreclosure rates and the lowest market value homes . The artists in BanglaTown are careful to say they are not looking to change a city . Their goal is simply to improve a neighborhood , one house at a time . New neighbors , freelance photographer Corine Vermeulen-Smith and her husband Zeb Smith , a designer , are always checking out www.freecycle.com , where a stainless steel kitchen sink can be bought for $ 65 . The Smiths bought their 660-square-foot home for $ 549.99 from Cope and Reichert , who originally purchased the foreclosed home for $ 500 . "  We knew the property , we knew it had been sitting there empty for at least a year , and it had been trashed , " Vermeulen-Smith said . "  But we wanted to own a home . " All the copper in their "  micro-home " had been ripped out , as well as every electrical outlet , Vermeulen-Smith said . Trash had to be hauled out in several loads . "  You have to get over that fear that the house had that history , that you 're going to be a victim of a crime or something , " she said . "  Crime is everywhere . My husband and I have lived in the city for a long time ; we know that people look out for each other here . We do n't have that kind of fear . " Careful not to entice thieves again , the Smiths replaced the copper with plastic . They are considering taking the home completely off the grid by installing a mini-wind turbine , but for now they are happy to put in the basics . A bathtub from Habitat for Humanity cost them $ 100 . And Zeb Smith , who works at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit , brings home wood the museum would otherwise toss when installations close . "  This is , for us , very exciting to believe that we could totally reinvent a space , " she said , "  and prove that having a home is n't about having money . "	Detroit artists buy a trashed , abandoned house for $ 100 , fix it up Other artists have bought cheap houses in the same neighborhood The Power House was the first home , meant to power the other houses nearby
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- In the U.S. , the film "  Slumdog Millionaire " barely escaped going straight to video before it caught the eye of moviegoers and critics alike , becoming a sleeper hit and best picture nominee . It 's viewed by many observers as the film to beat at the 81st annual Academy Awards . Danny Boyle , left , celebrates with actor Anil Kapoor , right , at the Mumbai premiere of "  Slumdog Millionaire . " In the city where the movie was shot , Mumbai , India , the recognition came much quicker and more enthusiastically . The Mumbai premiere had all the makings of a scene from a Bollywood blockbuster : Musicians banged on traditional Indian drums as the cast and crew broke into dance on the red carpet in recognition of the 10 Academy Award nominations the film received Thursday . "  It feels like a million nominations , " said director Danny Boyle , who earned one of the nominations . Watch scenes from the Mumbai premiere " Bollywood legend Anil Kapoor , who stars as the host of the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " in the movie , said he was with Boyle when the nominations were announced . "  Danny had tears in his eyes , and I could n't control myself , " Kapoor said . Watch Kapoor rave about the film " But not everyone was celebrating . The film , about a Mumbai orphan seeking fame and love through the "  Millionaire " game show , has stirred strong emotions among some Indian critics . They found the word "  slumdog " in the title insulting and complained that the movie romanticizes poverty in India . Film critic Meenakshi Shedde said she was disappointed with the movie . "  What saddened me and annoyed me about the film is that it 's a laundry list of India 's miseries , " she said . "  The poverty , the child labor , the beggary , the prostitution , that part of it was just banal , I thought . " According to the Press Trust of India , Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan -- who once hosted the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " -- recently cleared the air with Boyle regarding Bachchan 's reported criticism of the Golden Globe-winning film . Such negativity was forgotten at the Mumbai premiere , which was attended by several Bollywood celebrities . They said the event marked a proud day for Indian cinema . Loveleen Tandan , who was the film 's casting director , said the entire cast was exhilarated by news of the Academy Award nominations . As for her whether she believed "  Slumdog Millionaire " had a chance at the Oscars , she expressed confidence . "  Now I can say it openly , I have high hopes , " she said . "  I am sure there 's a statue waiting for A.R. Rahman -LSB- who composed the film 's music and received three nominations -RSB- to bring home . " CNN 's Mallika Kapur contributed to this report .	Cast and crew celebrate Mumbai premiere of "  Slumdog Millionaire " Film nominated for 10 Academy Awards , including best picture Some in India critical of film 's subject matter
CNN  -- Spawning at least 24 possible tornadoes , mostly in the Midwest , a giant storm system stretched Tuesday night from Alabama to Maryland , bringing new watches and warnings . The system unleashed its wrath on several communities in northern Alabama , Tennessee and North Carolina on Tuesday night . At one time , it had stretched a staggering 1,200 miles from north to south . Tornado watches were in effect for several counties near Charlotte , North Carolina , and forecasters say some areas will see continued strong winds Wednesday . In Lincoln County , North Carolina , five homes were damaged and two of them destroyed , said spokesman Dion Burleson . Five people were hurt ; one has life-threatening injuries . Several cars were overturned in Catawba County , according to the National Weather Service . In Chattanooga , Tennessee , a possible tornado struck a fence near Chickamauga Dam and threw debris into a roadway , police said . Seven cars lost control and crashed , with five people suffering injuries . Deputies were assessing damage near the town of Geraldine in DeKalb County , Alabama , and in Marshall County , said Lauree Ashcom , spokeswoman for the Alabama Emergency Management Agency . Marshall includes the lake resort city of Guntersville . A tornado may have touched down southwest of Geraldine , she said . Downed trees are making it difficult to reach residents and determine any injuries , said DeKalb County emergency official Michael Leath . "  We 're having to batten down the hatches for another system coming in . " No injuries had been reported late Tuesday . A tornado watch was in effect for the District of Columbia until 3 a.m. ET Wednesday . Wind , rather than flooding , appeared to be the biggest danger , with gusts exceeding 70 mph in some places . The National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center said there were 258 reports of wind damage by mid-evening Tuesday . No deaths had been reported to state emergency officials by early evening . Extensive damage from the high winds and possible tornadoes was reported in a band from Minnesota to the Gulf Coast . Six tornadoes were confirmed in Indiana , three in Ohio and another in Wisconsin . Up to 200,000 residents lost electrical power . A tornado smashed into a business in LaPorte County , Indiana . Dan Hill , general manager of Hoosier Machinery Solutions , heard a weather siren and went to check . He turned to another employee after spying an odd cloud formation outside the business door . " ` Does that look like a tornado ? ' I asked . As soon as I said that , it touched down . " The twister tore a roof off a pole barn , damaged some reconditioned recycling equipment and employees cars . No one was hurt . The 10 employees "  all ran for -LSB- heavy -RSB- equipment and got inside , " Hill told CNN . All 48 floors of the Chase Tower in downtown Indianapolis were evacuated for a short time at the height of the storm . People took refuge in the building 's fallout shelter , according to CNN affiliate WRTV . The system appears to have made weather history . Preliminary readings indicate that a new record was set for the lowest pressure in a nontropical storm in the mainland United States , said Chris Vaccaro of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The minimum central pressure of 28.22 inches of mercury was equivalent to the pressure of a major Category 3 hurricane , without the corresponding wind scale , he said . If confirmed , the reading would break the current record of 28.28 inches , set on January 26 , 1978 , during what became known as the Blizzard of 1978 . Storms caused extensive damage to buildings near Racine , Wisconsin , and Peotone , Illinois , Tuesday morning . A Peotone youth who was with his brother at a farm that was damaged described to CNN affiliate WLS-TV in Chicago what it was like in the middle of the tempest . "  All of a sudden , the wind kicked up , " Justin Schroeder said . He said the force of the wind "  sent us back into the foyer about five feet . It was like a bomb went off . You did n't hear a tornado . You did n't hear a whistle . It was a like an explosion of glass . " Some experts told WLS that the storms might be the most powerful to hit Illinois in more than 70 years . The CNN Severe Weather Center reported the storm was moving quickly eastward at more than 50 mph . The Minneapolis/St . Paul Airport reduced air traffic from three runways to one runway for landings and takeoffs Tuesday mid-afternoon because of high winds . About 50 flights had been canceled or delayed , a spokesman said . Conditions may still be difficult in the region Wednesday . O'Hare International Airport in Chicago reported that 500 flights had been canceled as of 3:35 p.m. . Some delays were reported at Chicago Midway Airport . Indianapolis International Airport reported some delays for flights to Detroit , Michigan ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; Cleveland , Ohio ; and Minneapolis , Minnesota , while Detroit Metro Airport said most flights were on time with the most significant delays to O'Hare . Indiana and Illinois each had at least 60,000 power outages and 38,000 were reported in Ohio . Other states reported smaller figures . Gabrielle Torres and her husband experienced extreme weather in Corydon , Indiana . "  There were extremely strong winds that were even rocking my husband 's semi-truck side to side , " she said . "  The tornado sirens were sounding but we could barely hear them over the pounding rain . " In St. Louis , Missouri , two reported partial building collapses were blamed on the extreme weather , according to Officer Donna Wisdom of the St. Louis Police Department . Video from CNN affiliate KSDK-TV in St. Louis showed downed trees , damage to homes and thick rubble on a sidewalk beside a building damaged in the storm . Wisdom said no serious injuries were reported from the partial collapses . A National Weather Service damage assessment team confirmed that an tornado touched down near Somers , Wisconsin , causing two injuries . Numerous uprooted trees , snapped and downed power poles and roof damage to several buildings was reported . Several parked tractor-trailers were also tipped over , according to the National Weather Service . Severe thunderstorm warnings and tornado watches popped up throughout central Kentucky , Ohio and Tennessee around midday Tuesday as the intense band of storms began to push through Indiana . At least one tornado was reported to have severely damaged a house in Howard County , northeast of Kokomo , according to CNN affiliate WRTV in Indianapolis . Witnesses gave accounts that underscored the fury of the storm . Several said they 'd never seen anything like it . CNN iReporter Trey Sturgeon , 23 , of Connersville , Indiana , described the wind and rain as "  a little bit scary . " "  Where I live in Indiana , we do n't get winds and possible tornadoes , " said Sturgeon , a musician who was at home when he looked out the window to see the storm . "  The first thing I thought of was my family , " he said . "  When the winds came , it was a lot more like a dense fog than rain -- from the wind pushing the rain sideways , " he said . "  On a tree right down the road , a big tree limb was broken off and it blew across the street before it hit the ground , and we 're talking maybe a 200 - , 250-pound tree limb . There were reports on my police scanner of tree limbs falling and landing on power lines in the northern part of the county . " All 48 floors of the Chase Tower in downtown Indianapolis were evacuated briefly at the height of the storm , and occupants took refuge in the building 's fallout shelter , WRTV reported . "  It was pretty bad up there , " Nick Hoetmer , who works in the building , told WRTV . "  The windows were moving back and forth , so it was nasty . " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris and CNN 's Dave Alsup , Shawn Nottingham , Michael Martinez and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	Northern Alabama , Tennessee and North Carolina are hit Tuesday night A U.S. low-pressure record may have been broken Up to 200,000 customers lose power , many of them in Indiana , northern Illinois , Ohio Emergency official : "  We 're having to batten down the hatches "
Debris from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 lay splayed for miles across silent rural fields in eastern Ukraine on Saturday . Two days after the jet crashed , some bodies remained strapped in seat belts -- wearing inflight headphones . Conspicuously missing at the crash site near Torez were international forensic workers needed to secure and sort the wreckage , and a recovery crew to identify and remove with dignity the bodies of the 298 people who were on board MH17 . A few things have been moved . Luggage was stacked in piles ; mementos , children 's toys were handled . Most everything is unguarded , there for the curious -- or for the taking . But the debris field has n't changed much overall since it slammed into place from about 30,000 feet in the air . Not like it would change , if investigators had a chance to cordon it off and catalog it . Plane parts , books , bodies A round piece of wreckage the size of a small garage -- part of the cabin perhaps -- stood tilted over personal effects of people heading for vacation . Fields were bestrewn with novels , beach sandals , guide books and colorful carry-on bags . And all around them were the bodies of their owners , some dressed in shorts and other vacation wear . With leaders around the world calling for a swift , thorough and professional investigation , in eastern Ukraine , a small group of local government workers camping near the wreckage emerge from their tents in the mornings . They split up the crash site territory in an orderly manner to look for bodies , said journalist Noah Sneider , who visited the site . The emergency workers mark spots where they find human remains with stakes and tie white rags around them . There are so many of them . Bodies lie by the roadside , some in fields , some intertwined with parts of the aircraft . And they are spread out so far . "  Half of them are so mangled , you could n't identify them , " Sneider said . Collecting bodies not their job A witness who saw the people falling to Earth on Tuesday said they had appeared from out of the cloud cover -- like horrifying rainfall , after the plane tore apart in the sky . Emergency workers tell CNN it 's not their job to collect the bodies . And a local pro-Russian rebel leader has said that officials from the Netherlands and Malaysia asked that the bodies not be moved . But rescue crews and inspectors from those countries are not on site . And to get there , they would have to drive about 90 minutes from the city of Donetsk down pot-hole pocked roads . But these lead through a war zone , past checkpoints set up by varying local militias . There is no central command , virtually no rule of law . Three separate pro-Russian rebel groups guard the perimeter of the crash site alone , Sneider said . A small international delegation A delegation of 21 monitors from the Organization of Cooperation and Safety in Europe made it in after assurances from rebel leaders , but local militiamen at the site allowed them only a brief view of a small outtake of the crash site . "  It basically looks like the biggest crime scene in the world right now , guarded by a bunch of guys in uniform with heavy firepower who are quite inhospitable , " said OSCE spokesman Michael Bociurkiw . They asked militiamen for their commander , their leader , he said . "  No one showed up . " An armed man who appeared to have been drinking was there , Bociurkiw said , but he was n't helpful . "  He kind of rushed all of them away , including the journalists . " Militiamen would have to trust international and Ukrainian crews enough to let them in , and trust is scarce in the conflict zone , Sneider said . Many militiamen hold conspiracy theories about the crash . "  They claim that it 's a provocation conjured up by the Ukrainian authorities in Kiev . " They do n't trust anything coming out of Kiev , he said . The OSCE crew is at the site to get an overview and report back what they see . They usually act as observers in conflict zones and are not equipped or trained to recover bodies and evidence . But for now , they , the local workers and a few journalists are the only ones there to care . Body bags at scene of Malaysia Airlines crash ; Ukraine accuses rebels of looting Malaysia Airlines : Cargo manifest shows 2 dogs among casualties of jet crash Is this any way to secure a plane crash scene ?	Bodies , wreckage are scattered over eastern Ukraine countryside Some are starting to decompose in the heat Heavily armed pro-Russia militants control the crash site
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The troubled Blackwater era ends in Iraq on Thursday as another firm takes over the once-dominant company 's security services contract in Baghdad . A helicopter for the private security firm then known as Blackwater flies over Baghdad in October 2003 . Triple Canopy , a Herndon , Virginia-based company , picks up the expiring contract of the security firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide , which changed its name to XE a few months ago . The U.S. State Department decided not to renew XE 's contract in January . "  When the U.S. government initially asked for our help to assist with an immediate need to protect Americans in Iraq , we answered that call and performed well , " XE spokeswoman Anne Tyrell said in a statement Wednesday . "  But we always knew that , at some point , that work would come to a close . " The end of the contract followed the Iraqi government 's refusal to renew the firm 's operating license because of a September 2007 shooting in which Baghdad says security guards -- then employed by Blackwater -- killed 17 Iraqi civilians . As part of a contract to protect American diplomats and other employees around the world , the State Department hired Blackwater for a multiyear assignment in Iraq , renewable annually . XE , one of three security firms working for the United States in Iraq , had one of the biggest contracts there , providing security for the sprawling U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . "  We are honored to have provided this service for five years and are proud of our success . No one under our protection has been killed or even seriously injured , " Tyrell said . Many XE employees are expected to go to work for Triple Canopy , which already had a State Department contract in Iraq . Its new contract increases its share of the security work . DynCorp International also has a State Department contract for work in Iraq . Losing the contract is considered a huge blow to XE . While the company is privately held , the Iraq contract has been estimated to make up a third to a half of its business . XE has about two dozen aircraft in Iraq as well as 1,000 personnel . XE 's statement acknowledged that the company 's Baghdad "  task order " ends Thursday but was mum on any other roles it still might have in Iraq . "  Any specific questions on the contract and how it will now be fulfilled should be directed to the State Department , " Tyrell said . Despite the loss of the embassy security detail , XE continues to hold other contracts with the State Department to protect American diplomats elsewhere in the world . The company 's founder , Erik Prince , resigned as head of the business in March . In January , five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from their involvement in the September 16 , 2007 , incident in a Baghdad square . A sixth former security guard has pleaded guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Blackwater said its employees were returning fire after armed insurgents attacked them , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The Iraqi government said 17 civilians were killed , although the indictment alleges 14 died . The company does not face any charges . But the Baghdad incident exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act . The act was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " Last year , the State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract over strong objections from the Iraqi government . Starting January 1 , the Iraqi government has mandated that all contractors obtain Iraqi licenses to operate .	The firm 's contract was not renewed after a 2007 shooting in Baghdad The Iraqi government says 17 civilians were killed without provocation Ex-security guards face charges in U.S. ; company does n't face any charges Another firm takes over company 's security services contract in Baghdad
CNN  -- Bill Haas should have spent Sunday celebrating a friend 's wedding . Instead he was toasting a fourth PGA Tour title after beating major champions Phil Mickelson and Keegan Bradley in a playoff to clinch the Northern Trust Open . Haas , the 2011 FedEx Cup series victor , looked to have won the California tournament outright after shooting two-under-par 69 in his final round . But the new world No. 12 was pegged back after Mickelson , who was looking to secure back-to-back tour wins , and 2011 PGA Championship winner Bradley both birdied the par-four 18th to join him on seven under . Haas eventually sealed victory with a 45-foot putt on the second additional hole , having earlier overhauled a two-stroke deficit on third-round leaders Mickelson and Bradley . "  I 'm sure I 'll talk to him later and hopefully his day is even better than mine , " the 29-year-old Haas told the PGA Tour 's official website when asked about missing friend Jon Hopson 's big day . "  It 's pretty sweet for both of us today . "  I never expected to make a 40-footer , especially in that situation . A little luck was involved . I guess it was meant to be . " It was n't just Haas who was surprised to see his effort find the cup , with both Mickelson and Bradley expecting him to come up short . "  Bill hit a tremendous putt , " the 41-year-old Mickelson said . "  We 're thinking it 's a very difficult three . It 's a defensive hole . You 're just trying to make four , believe it or not . " The 25-year-old Bradley added : "  I did n't think he was going to make that one . I should have known , though , because he 's a great putter and a great player . " The victory means has Haas won a PGA Tour title three years in a row , and moved him up to fifth in the early-season FedEx Cup standings . Haas was battling a partisan crowd at the Riviera Country Club , with onlookers lending their backing to California native Mickelson -- a two-time winner of the event who was on a roll after clinching the AT&T National Pro-Am seven days before . "  Honestly ` Phil ' sounds really similar to ` Bill , ' so you just kind of pretend that maybe they 're for you , " said Haas . "  If I 'm at home , I 'm cheering for Phil . " Former world No. 2 Sergio Garcia carded a stunning 64 to finish tied for fourth on five under , level with 10th-ranked Dustin Johnson  71  , his fellow American Jimmy Walker  69  and New Zealand 's Jarrod Lyle  70  . American trio Bo van Pelt  70  , J.B. Holmes  70  -- who is back this year after brain surgery -- and Jonathan Byrd  73  were tied for eighth on four under . Australian world No. 8 Adam Scott  70  was part of a seven-way tie for 17th which also included 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson  72  and last month 's Farmers Insurance Open winner Brandt Snedeker  70  . British world No. 1 Luke Donald endured a torrid final round and carded eight bogeys on his way to a 78 which saw him finish seven over .	Bill Haas holes a 45-foot putt to seal a playoff win at the Northern Trust Open The American defeats compatriots Phil Mickelson and Keegan Bradley in a playoff Haas missed a friend 's wedding in order to play in the California tournament It was Haas ' fourth PGA Tour title as he denies Mickelson back-to-back wins
CNN  -- When the American Legion calls for Secretary of Veterans Affairs Gen. Eric Shinseki to resign , you know something is profoundly wrong . In a statement entitled "  Shinseki Must Go , " ' Daniel Dellinger , national commander of the American Legion , said , "  His record as the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs ... tells a story of bureaucratic incompetence and failed leadership . " "  The disturbing reports coming from the Phoenix VA Medical Center are just one of what appears to be a pattern of scandals that have infected the entire system , " Dellinger continued . "  It has been more than 20 years since the American Legion has called for the resignation of a public official . It 's not something we do lightly . We do this because of people who have been failed by the system . " Note the key charge : "  A pattern of scandals that have infected the entire system . " This is an historic opportunity for Congress to look beyond personality and scapegoating and to take seriously the potential for a "  breakout " that would replace the current breakdown with a new Veterans Administration capable of serving today 's veterans with modern technologies and standards . Congress should start by looking at institutions that handle people and information effectively , accurately and with great accountability . The next time you make an airline or hotel reservation , ask why the Veterans Administration ca n't be that customer-friendly . The next time you use your smartphone , ask why there is n't a "  veterans app " that makes it easier for our veterans to keep track of their VA appointments , records , diagnoses , etc. . The next time you use an ATM machine to get cash in less than 11 seconds , ask why it can take 175 days to transfer a veteran from the Defense Department to the Veterans Administration . In contrast to the modern systems we deal with on a daily basis , the VA bureaucracy is a disaster . A former chief of staff of the Army , Gen. Edward "  Shy " Meyer used to have a saying about large organizations : "  They are all lakes of mediocrity dotted by islands of excellence . " Today even this is too generous a description of what modern bureaucracy has become . In many federal agencies , we have islands of corruption rising from a sea of incompetence . Few parts of the federal government exemplify both types of terrain so well as the Department of Veterans Affairs . As Dellinger 's call for Shinseki to resign indicates , stories of corruption and incompetence -- potentially criminal conduct -- at the VA have become so common that they outrage but no longer surprise . Several weeks ago , I wrote about a former VA employee 's allegation that agency employees in Los Angeles intentionally destroyed veterans ' medical records to eliminate the shameful backlog of patients waiting for appointments -- many of them for months or even years . CNN recently followed that report of fraud with an infuriating story of its own , the story to which the American Legion commander referred about the misconduct of VA officials in Phoenix . The report described allegations that these bureaucrats conspired to hide their backlog from superiors in Washington by maintaining a secret waiting list of hundreds or even thousands of veterans who waited months for care before the VA entered those patients into its computer system once it was able to schedule an appointment . And in March , the Daily Caller reported that top-level managers in Mississippi remained in their positions despite a special counsel 's report of wrongdoing , including a whistleblower 's allegation that patients were prescribed narcotics without seeing a doctor . Note that in each of these cases , the general incompetence and mismanagement at the VA is so severe that engaging in potentially criminal conduct appears to all involved to be a preferable system -- until someone finds out about it , that is . Some of the corrupt officials engage in outright theft . In February , a former VA medical center director in Ohio pleaded guilty to 64 charges . His crimes , according to the The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland , included "  money laundering , wire fraud , mail fraud and conspiring to defraud the VA through bribery and kickback schemes in which he accepted tens of thousands of dollars from contractors in exchange for inside information . " In fact , if you want to see how bad the corruption at the VA is , just take a look at the list of press releases on the VA Inspector General 's website . There are many headlines such as "  Former VA Employee Pleads Guilty to Theft of Government Funds , " "  Former VA Claims Examiner Pleads Guilty to Theft , Mail Fraud and Money Laundering , " and "  Veterans ' Benefit Fiduciary and Former U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Employee Plead Guilty to Embezzling Nearly $ 900,000 . " The VA does n't need to employ criminals to lose large sums of money , however . It 's capable of losing taxpayer funds all on its own through sheer incompetence . As of February , there were 400,000 disability claims considered "  backlogged . " That is , they 've been in processing for more than 125 days . As one veteran of combat in Afghanistan told us , "  Appointments are so far back it 's ridiculous and claims are even further behind . ... You can definitely get an appointment -- it 's just going to be three to six months down the road . " To fix this mess , the VA created a new program , the Veterans Benefits Management System . But as the Washington Examiner describes a new report by the department 's Inspector General , "  Poor planning , slow software and cost overruns raise the spectre that the $ 500 million electronic document system being deployed by the Department of Veterans Affairs will not break the months-long delays to process disability compensation claims . " The computer system started out flawed as millions of dollars were spent to scan files "  without a clear plan , " the result being that users had to "  wade through hundreds of pages of electronic documents , sometimes for hours , to find the information they needed . " And it still takes employees longer to create a claim in the new system , which reportedly crashes on a regular basis , than it did in the old one . We probably should not be surprised at this money being spent to build systems that work just as poorly as the ones they replace . The VA and Defense Department have spent $ 1.3 billion over the past four years attempting unsuccessfully to develop a single system for electronic health records . This record of corruption and incompetence is nothing to be proud of , and certainly nothing to reward . In fact , it 's intolerable . Senior VA officials , however , are not only keeping their jobs but are receiving bonuses . From 2007 to 2011 , the bureaucrats in charge of the VA distributed nearly $ 17 million in "  extra compensation " to senior officials at a time when hundreds of thousands of veterans ' claims were backlogged . At a facility in Pittsburgh , employees were given bonuses despite the fact that 29 veterans contracted Legionnaires ' disease , five of whom died . With 13 years of continuous war behind us and an aging population of veterans from previous wars , the workload at the VA is only going to increase . This is not a temporary problem , and our veterans are not just going to disappear . In fact , as time goes on , there will likely be more of a demand for care since issues such as PTSD sometimes do not manifest themselves until years later . In a big bureaucracy , people are promised comfortable jobs ; it 's difficult to fire them , and they are typically not held to any real performance standards . This breeds an environment favoring incompetence and corruption . We can not allow this kind of behavior to undermine those VA employees , some of whom are veterans themselves , who are working hard to help . And we can not allow employees who are trying to do the right thing to be dominated and corrupted by incompetent leadership . We have to fix it , and that has to start by holding officials responsible for doing their jobs . As House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller has said , "  What 's missing from the equation is not money or manpower , it 's accountability . " Miller has proposed a bill that would make it easier to fire employees for poor performance , and Sen. Marco Rubio has offered a companion bill that would eliminate some of the red tape designed to make it impossible to fire public employees . Replacing the department 's senior leadership would be a start . But in fact , the entire VA model needs to be replaced . The current system is an obsolete , paper-based bureaucracy incapable of serving America 's veterans . A truly modern VA would be digital , mobile , virtual and personal . We owe it to our veterans to get the replacement right .	American Legion has called for VA secretary to quit after recent scandals Newt Gingrich says VA is a hopelessly outdated , incompetent bureaucracy Why ca n't the VA be as customer-friendly as many modern organizations ? Gingrich : It should be competent , digital and personal in serving our veterans
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- It 's hot and sweaty in a rat-infested room in Lahore 's historic red light district , a neighborhood of narrow alleyways lined with brothels . A dancer does the "  mujra , " a traditional dance banned by a judge for being "  vulgar , " in Lahore , Pakistan . A barefoot , long-haired woman is gyrating and twirling on the carpet , to the beat of a four-man band whose drummer sweats profusely as he pounds out a furious rhythm . The dancer , who only gives her first name , Beenish , is performing a kind of Pakistani belly-dance called the mujra . Her harmonium player , a skinny bald man who squints through coke-bottle glasses , has been performing like this for the past 50 years . But he says the art form is dying out . "  That spark , the way it was in the past , is no more , " said Ghulam Sarwar . Last fall , a judge in Lahore 's high court declared the mujra dance "  vulgar " and banned it from being performed on stage . Some here say the government is cracking down on easy , "  immoral " targets in an attempt to appease religious hard-liners like the Taliban . Islamist militants are believed to be responsible for a recent wave of bomb attacks in Lahore , targeting cinemas , theaters and cafes where young men and women fraternize together . "  It is a gesture of good will to pacify the mullahs and the Taliban , " said Samia Amjad , a lawmaker in the provincial assembly . Though she is a member of an opposition political party , she said she supported the crackdown on vulgarity . "  I see it as an essential part of Islam . " Dancers are n't the only targets of the court censors . In late March , the Lahore high court banned two female singers from recording new albums after ruling that they sang sexually explicit lyrics . "  If the current circumstances persist in Pakistan , " said Noora Lal , one of the banned singers , "  then singing will die out in this country . " Pakistan is a deeply conservative Muslim nation , where the punishment for blasphemy is the death sentence . But there is one person in Lahore who openly mocks the conservative establishment : painter and restaurant owner Iqbal Hussain . Though he said he has received multiple death threats from Islamist fundamentalists , Hussain continues to be Pakistan 's most vocal defender of prostitutes . All of the models portrayed in his paintings are sex workers . "  I portray them on canvas , portray them as human beings , " Hussain said , "  They feel pain . They want their children to be educated . " Hussain knows the industry intimately . He was born to a family of sex workers . His mother , a former prostitute , passed away last month at the age of 98 . The small , soft-spoken painter has turned the house he grew up in , an old four-story building with ornate wooden balconies , into a popular restaurant for tourists and wealthy Pakistanis . On one side of the house there is a brothel , on the other side , the 17th century Badshahi Mosque , one of the largest mosques in the world . In his subversive paintings , which Hussain said sell for more than $ 10,000 each , he highlights the overlap between Lahore 's sex industry and its religious community . In one canvas , hundreds of worshippers are depicted prostrating themselves around the mosque , while in the foreground , two women apply lipstick and makeup on a balcony . Hussain explained that the prostitutes in the painting were preparing to receive new customers as soon as the prayers in the mosque were over . Watch the dance being called "  immoral " in Pakistan " The painter claimed that on religious festivals , the brothels and dance halls in his neighborhood overflow with customers . "  They come from the northern areas with their turbans , " Iqbal said , laughing . "  All coming to this area . They 're not going to the mosque ... but to the brothels ! " Nevertheless , the rising tide of the Taliban in northwestern Pakistan has some residents of Lahore 's red light district worried . "  May Allah keep us safe from them , " said Beenish , the mujra dancer . "  We are poor , humble people . They should not target this place . " Photography by CNN 's Farhad Shadravan .	In Lahore 's red light district , Iqbal Hussain mocks Pakistan 's religious establishment "  I portray -LSB- sex workers -RSB- on canvas , portray them as human beings , " Hussain said . Painter has turned home into popular restaurant for tourists and wealthy Pakistanis Rising tide of Taliban and threat of violence has some residents worried
It can be exhausting nursing a child through a nasty bout with the flu , so imagine how 22-year-old Fatu Kekula felt nursing her entire family through Ebola . Her father . Her mother . Her sister . Her cousin . Fatu took care of them all , single-handedly feeding them , cleaning them and giving them medications . And she did so with remarkable success . Three out of her four patients survived . That 's a 25 % death rate -- considerably better than the estimated Ebola death rate of 70 % . Fatu stayed healthy , which is noteworthy considering that more than 300 health care workers have become infected with Ebola , and she did n't even have personal protection equipment -- those white space suits and goggles used in Ebola treatment units . Instead Fatu , who 's in her final year of nursing school , invented her own equipment . International aid workers heard about Fatu 's "  trash bag method " and are now teaching it to other West Africans who ca n't get into hospitals and do n't have protective gear of their own . Every day , several times a day for about two weeks , Fatu put trash bags over her socks and tied them in a knot over her calves . Then she put on a pair of rubber boots and then another set of trash bags over the boots . She wrapped her hair in a pair of stockings and over that a trash bag . Next she donned a raincoat and four pairs of gloves on each hand , followed by a mask . It was an arduous and time-consuming process , but Fatu was religious about it , never cutting corners . UNICEF Spokeswoman Sarah Crowe said Fatu is amazing . "  Essentially this is a tale of how communities are doing things for themselves , " Crowe said . "  Our approach is to listen and work with communities and help them do the best they can with what they have . " Two doctors for 85,000 people She emphasized , of course , that it would be better for patients to be in real hospitals with doctors and nurses in protective gear -- it 's just that those things are n't available to many West Africans . No one knows that better than Fatu . Her Ebola nightmare started Juy 27 , when her father , Moses , had a spike in blood pressure . She took him to a hospital in their home city of Kakata . A bed was free because a patient had just passed away . What no one realized at the time was that the patient had died of Ebola . One woman walked in , and the Ebola nightmare began Moses , 52 , developed a fever , vomiting and diarrhea . Then the hospital closed down because nurses started dying of Ebola . Fatu took her father to Monrovia , the capital city , about a 90-minute drive via difficult roads . Three hospitals turned him away because they were full . She took him back to another hospital in Kakata . They said he had typhoid fever and did little for him , so Fatu took him home , where he infected three other family members : Fatu 's mother , Victoria , 57 ; Fatu 's sister , Vivian , 28 , and their 14-year-old cousin who was living with them , Alfred Winnie . Guilty of Ebola until proven otherwise While operating her one-woman Ebola hospital for two weeks , Fatu consulted with their family doctor , who would talk to her on the phone , but would n't come to the house . She gave them medicines she obtained from the local clinic and fluids through intravenous lines that she started . At times , her patients ' blood pressure plummeted so low she feared they would die . "  I cried many times , " she said . "  I said ` God , you want to tell me I 'm going to lose my entire family ? ' " But her father , mother , and sister rallied and were well on their way to recovery when space became available at JFK Medical Center on August 17 . Alfred never recovered , though , and passed away at the hospital the next day . "  I 'm very , very proud , " her father said . "  She saved my life through the almighty God . " Now he 's working to find a scholarship for Fatu so she can finish her final year of nursing school . He has no doubt his daughter will go on to save many more people during her life . "  I 'm sure she 'll be a great giant of Liberia , " he said . Ebola patients left to lay on the ground	Fatu Kekula , 22 , nursed four family members infected with Ebola Fatu protected herself using trash bags , rubber boots , gloves and a mask Her protection method is being taught to others in West Africa
CNN  -- A business jet crashed into a hangar at the Santa Monica Airport on Sunday . No one survived the crash and subsequent fire , but authorities did not immediately determine how many were on board . The twin-engine Cessna Citation ran off the right side of the runway after landing at 6:20 p.m. PT , said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor . The hangar collapsed and was too unstable for firefighters to enter , said Captain John Nevandro of the Santa Monica Fire Department . "  It was an unsurvivable crash , " Nevandro said . There was no communication with the pilot to indicate mechanical failure , Van McKenny , an investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board , said Monday at a news conference . He added that the agency has not confirmed the number of people on the plane and that the county coroner will release that information . Charles Muttillo , vice president of Morley Builders of Santa Monica , issued a statement Monday saying the company 's president and CEO and his son were believed to be on the plane . "  We are aware of a plane crash at Santa Monica Airport last night . While we do not have specific facts , we believe that our President and CEO , Mark Benjamin , and his son , Luke Benjamin , a Senior Project Engineer with us were on board , " the statement read . "  We are unable to issue a further statement at this time . We will provide you with more updates as soon as we learn of them . Thank you . " Various models of the Citation jet carry from seven to nine passengers , according to the manufacturer 's website . A witness , Charles Thomson , told CNN affiliate KCAL-TV a tire on the plane appeared to burst . "  It was n't an emergency landing , " Thomson said . "  It was just a landing , and the tire popped afterwards . " McKenny said he could not confirm that a tire was blown . The plane departed from Hailey , Idaho , an area popular for vacation homes , KCAL reported . Children among 4 killed when plane crashes in Connecticut houses Pilots snooze at 30,000 feet in cockpit of 300-passenger plane UPS pilots died of crash injuries , coroner says CNN 's Dave Alsup and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Building company CEO , his son , believed to be onboard , business says NTSB investigators on scene , waiting until scene is safe to enter Number of victims unknown ; jet could carry seven to nine people The plane departed from Hailey , Idaho
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Flames and thick black smoke filled the skies above Sanaa International Airport on Sunday after an explosion struck a nearby air base , senior officials said . Flights to Sanaa are being rerouted to Aden , according to an airport official . It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion . Two senior security officials at the airport said a mortar shell landed at Dailami air force base , two miles west of the airport , provoking a massive blast . However , a senior official with the Interior Ministry said the explosion was caused by a bomb planted near the airport . He declined to speculate who could have been behind the attack . And separately , a Yemeni government official said both the air base and airport were shelled . "  The situation is tense . The airport and air base were shelled by rebels , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak to the media . There were no immediate reports of injuries . "  The explosion was strong and flames are strong at the area of the attack . If it was a mortar , it would cause an explosion and not massive flames , " said the Interior Ministry official , who was also not authorized to speak to the media . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The situation is tense , " a Yemeni government official says It is not clear what set off the explosion There are no immediate reports of injuries Flights to Sanaa are being rerouted to Aden
CNN  -- Optimism is all the rage . The enthusiastic cheer of motivational speakers has now received a seal of approval from scientists . So , apparently it 's confirmed : Optimism is good for you . But before we rush full speed down the rah-rah route , let us pause for a moment and see exactly which road we take . We should n't confuse the power of positive thinking with the dangerous delusion of wishful thinking . They end at very different destinations . It 's a lesson for countries , politicians , business people and all of us . Optimism by itself can be dangerous . It must always travel in the company of action , common sense , resourcefulness and considered risk-taking . "  It 's all good , " that irritating , relatively new expression , seems to always come after a description of just how not good it all is ; a desperate effort to make the truth go away . It 's the new version of "  do n't worry , be happy . " In reality , a little worrying can lead to action , which is the principal way optimism bears fruit . One of the most inspiring and even charming traits of the U.S. is its founding and enduring spirit of optimism . No doubt , it 's a little less visible now , replaced by cynicism . But America was built on a philosophical foundation of not sitting back and accepting unacceptable outcomes , instead standing up to build a better world . That 's the right kind of optimism . It 's the one that leads to sensible risk-taking . It acknowledges that you do n't always win , that when things do n't turn out well , you try a different approach and then another until you find a solution , until you reach a new continent , until you write the right constitution , until you invent the right machine . iReporter : DNC chair says she 's ` pretty happy ' with economy -- I 'm appalled It 's the opposite of defeatism . And it 's very different from denial or wishful thinking . Optimism without thoughtful and determined action can lead to disaster . It 's true for individuals , it 's true for business , and it 's true for nations . History is full of examples . The poster boy for off-the-rails , disastrous optimism is Neville Chamberlain , the British prime minister who met with Hitler in 1938 and handed him a big chunk of Czechoslovakia in exchange for the Fuhrer 's word . He did n't ask the Czech people what they thought , but he was giddy with excitement when he got off the plane from Munich waving a piece of paper he and "  Herr Hitler " had signed . "  I believe it is peace for our time , " he immortally declared . When appeasement was inevitably followed by a most horrific , brutal war , we saw a different kind of optimism , the kind that rolls up its sleeves , defies the odds and makes its own luck . Franklin Roosevelt , who presided over a country with a third-rate army , ordered an industrial transformation of the American economy on a scale that seemed simply out of reach , with the focused , urgent aim of defeating the Nazis . He declared , "  Let no man say it can not be done . It must be done . " Many muttered that it could n't . But the country got to work . Everyone made sacrifices . Everyone pitched in . The U.S. met production goals that were almost inconceivably ambitious . And it turned the tide of war . The first case  Chamberlain  was optimism supported by wishful thinking , as useful as buying a lottery ticket to fend off bankruptcy . The second  FDR  was optimism propelled by determined action and smart planning . This is the one that works . Optimism can take the distasteful tone of arrogance , or it can sound like the sunny chirps of the brainwashed . Either one of these can lead to disaster . It 's only the optimism that reasons , that considers courses of action and different potential outcomes , that pushes ahead , which truly leads to greatness . Naked optimism is the currency of casinos in Las Vegas . It 's the attitude of overgrown children raised on large servings of phony self-esteem . It 's the view of the world -- or of one 's own talents -- that ignores the fact that everyone gets it wrong sometimes ; that no matter how smart you are , there are always events that will remain out of your control , that there are always things you do not know , and there are always some people who are smarter than you . It 's this kind of arrogance passing for self-confident optimism that gave us the economic mess we have had for the past five years . It 's the optimism that falsely promised home prices could only go up , so we should borrow as much as possible , regardless of income ; a confidence that boasted that complicated financial ideas and convoluted market hedging made for bulletproof Wall Street portfolios . We know where all that optimism took us . The ones who predicted disaster , the ones who saw a major collapse coming , were the ones who got it right . They were the ones who became superstars . Yes , sometimes the pessimists are right . But the optimists can learn from them . The action-oriented optimists , the ones who do n't see life as a casino but as a place where one has to make the right decisions to obtain the desired outcomes -- to make the world a better place or our lives more worth living -- see disasters as occasions to learn , to find out what we should have done differently , to come up with new strategies . Scientists tell us that scans show our brains are wired for optimism . We register positive lessons more than negative ones . And that 's partly , they say , because optimism is good for our health . Perhaps that 's true . But science goes on , and scientists often change their minds . What is true now and always will be is that things do n't always go the way we want . People do n't always do what we would like . And life , like history , politics , the economy and the stock market , is full of surprises , including some very painful ones . So , we ca n't simply sit back and wait optimistically for everything to work out . We need to do our part to make the stories have happy endings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Scientists tell us optimism is good for us . Let 's not be delusional She says "  it 's all good " ignores when things are n't ; worrying leads us to fruitful action She says Chamberlain in WWII a good example of blind optimism ; FDR example of useful optimism Ghitis : Optimism for suckers ; pessimism often better . We need to work for happy endings
The demonstrators have no clear leader . Many say Twitter posts and Facebook groups brought them to the streets of Mexico 's capital and cities around the country . With presidential elections less than six weeks away , they are protesting media coverage of the campaign and criticizing the candidate widely seen as the front-runner . Local media reports have described it as "  the Mexican Spring , " drawing a comparison with massive protests pushing for political change in the Middle East . The surge of student activism has drawn attention at a key time during campaigning in the politically polarized country , where security concerns and economic problems have been top issues for candidates vying for the presidency . "  It was about time that Mexico woke up , that it stopped watching television , " said Leonardo Mata , a student at Mexico City 's Metropolitan Autonomous University who joined thousands marching in the capital on Wednesday . TV coverage of the campaign has drawn sharp criticism from some protesters , who argue that national broadcaster Televisa has provided more favorable coverage to Enrique Pena Nieto , the Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate who leads in polls . Televisa 's president appeared to acknowledge the protests in a Twitter post this week . "  At Televisa we value the youth and we listen to their opinions . We are always open to them , " Grupo Televisa CEO Emilio Azcarraga Jean wrote . Mexican Interior Minister Alejandro Poire alluded to the protests Thursday . "  I am convinced that having youth that are enthusiastic , proactive , participatory youth that are demanding of us is without a doubt , a fundamental activity of our democracy , and it is there , and today it is being expressed with great vigor , " he said . Leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador praised the protesters . "  They are touching on a fundamental theme that has to do with the pretension of dominating the country through the almost absolute control of the media , " said Lopez Obrador , a former Mexico City mayor who frequently criticizes the country 's political establishment . He never conceded after officials declared Felipe Calderon the winner of Mexico 's election in 2006 and has been known to refer to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " Lopez Obrador and other opponents have accused Pena Nieto of receiving preferential treatment from the media since before the campaign began . The candidate , who was governor of the state of Mexico from 2005 to 2011 , has denied those accusations and said he respects the youth protests against him . Pena Nieto said Thursday that a recent university event where protesters jeered at him was a "  rich experience . " "  It allowed me to see the interest there is among the youth to participate in this democratic process . How great that it is this way . It is a strength that we have built between all Mexicans , " he said Thursday at a forum on security and justice But Pena Nieto was less positive in comments to CNNMexico immediately after the May 11 event at the Iberoamerican University , where crowds booed and chanted "  get out " at the candidate . "  They are not all genuine , " Pena Nieto said . "  But in the end the free space of the university must be respected and I am totally and absolutely respectful . " Officials from Pena Nieto 's campaign quickly dismissed the protests at the event , saying the outbursts were not from students , but from outsiders dragged there by political operatives to cause commotion . Three days later , a YouTube video featured 131 students flashing their university ID cards , saying "  We are students from Ibero . ... Nobody forced us to do anything . " The 11-minute video went viral . It has been viewed more than 1 million times in the past 10 days . Posts promoting protests throughout the country on social media in recent days have used it as a jumping off point , using the phrase " #YoSoy132 "  "  I am 132 "  on Twitter and Facebook . Maria Elena Meneses , a professor who studies new technologies and information at Monterrey Tech , said the way the Ibero students ' actions appeared to be triggering protests fueled by social media was "  unprecedented " in Mexico . "  It is probably extreme to say that it is a Mexican Spring , alluding to  the protests  in North Africa , but nobody can dare to underestimate an action in which social networks were the catalyst for youth unrest , " she wrote in an opinion column for CNNMexico.com this week . Many students in Mexico City on Wednesday said they were excited about the success of the protest , which police said more than 15,000 people attended . "  I believe in the movement . I believe young people , we have great power in our hands . We have information and media that other groups do not have , " said Paula Diaz , 23 , a student at the National Autonomous University of Mexico . "  It is my duty to be here , informing people . I think we can do something great . " Some said the group needs stronger organization in order to prosper . "  We have to make the transition from noise to words , " said Maria Fernanda Galicia , 22 , a student at the Iberoamerican University . Protesters plan to meet Saturday in a part of Mexico City known as Tlatelolco to form a more specific strategy and draw up goals for what they say is a burgeoning movement . "  There is a spark , but if we leave it apathetically , it will dissolve , " said Angel Rodriguez , 19 , a student at a music school run by Mexico 's City 's cultural ministry . The plaza where students say they are planning to meet this weekend has significant historical significance in Mexico . It is the site where many student protesters were killed during a rally in 1968 . Increased democracy and free expression were among their demands at the time .	The surge of student activism comes at a key time during the presidential campaign Some local media reports call it the "  Mexican Spring " "  It was about time Mexico woke up , that it stopped watching television , " protester says Students plan to meet this weekend to form a more specific strategy
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner repeated her call this week to decriminalize personal drug use and crack down on traffickers and dealers . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says she does n't like to "  condemn someone who has an addiction . " "  I do n't like it when people easily condemn someone who has an addiction as if he were a criminal , as if he were a person who should be persecuted , " she told a meeting of the National Investigation into the Consumption of Alcohol , Tobacco , Psychopharmaceuticals and Illegal Drugs . "  Those who should be persecuted are those who sell the substances , those who give it away , those who traffic in it . " A poll shows 2 percent of Argentines have tried cocaine , but some people believe decriminalization of drugs could result in wider drug use . Regardless , the Argentine government is pushing Congress to pass the decriminalization legislation by the end of the year . "  Decriminalization of the consumer should include what are called second-generation human rights , but at the same time there should be a strong policy of prevention , so that no one falls in the situation of consuming any substance , " said Anibal Fernandez , the minister of security and justice . Ethan Nadelmann , founder and executive director of the New York-based Drug Policy Alliance , said such policies have been adopted throughout Europe and other parts of Latin America . "  The evidence generally shows that the decriminalization of possession is not clearly associated with any increase in illicit drug use , " he said . A few years ago , then-Mexican President Vicente Fox proposed decriminalizing possession of drugs combined with a crackdown on traffickers , but a harsh reaction from the Bush administration caused him to retreat , Nadelmann said . Brazil and Colombia have passed laws decriminalizing drug use in an effort to combat the spread of HIV among injecting drug users , he said . Politicians recognize that "  you basically need to get those people out of the underground and into health systems , " Nadelmann said . "  This would be part of a growing number of countries in Latin America where there is , either for political or judicial reasons , a push toward decriminalization of personal possession , sometimes combined with initiatives to crack down harder on bigger drug traffickers , " he said . "  It typically involves both lessening the criminal sanction for possession of cannabis while also providing for alternatives to incarceration for people addicted to drugs who are arrested for drug possession or other minor offenses . " The concept has gained followers in the United States , too , he said , citing statistics that show two-thirds of Americans support drug treatment instead of jail time for first-time drug offenders . On Wednesday , Rep. Barney Frank announced a proposal to end federal penalties for Americans carrying fewer than 100 grams , or almost a quarter-pound , of marijuana . "  The vast amount of human activity ought to be none of the government 's business , " Frank said on Capitol Hill . "  I do n't think it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time . " CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this story .	President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says addicts should not be persecuted Argentine government wants Congress to pass legislation by end of year Measures could lessen sentences for users , crack down on dealers and traffickers Rep. Barney Frank proposes similar legislation this week on Capitol Hill
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Arizona boy who admitted to shooting and killing his father and another man in 2008 was sentenced Thursday to "  in-patient treatment " that could go on for several years , according to the prosecutor . The boy pleaded guilty in February to one count of negligent homicide in exchange for a plea deal that dropped the two counts of murder he was charged with initially . The boy was accused of killing his father , Vincent Romero , 29 , and Tim Romans , 39 , who rented a room in Romero 's home in St. Johns , Arizona . Both men were found dead at the home November 5 , 2008 , and police said the next day that the boy confessed to shooting them with a .22 - caliber weapon . At the time , the boy was 8 . "  Under the plea agreement , he can be there  in treatment  up until he is 18 , " Apache County , Arizona , Attorney Michael Whiting said after the sentencing . "  We hope that the treatment wo n't take that long . Obviously , it 's not going to be successful if he is there when he is 18 , and they are still treating him . " Whiting did not specifically describe what type of treatment the boy will undergo , beyond saying a psychiatrist will be involved and that the youth will be kept at his treatment facility with no ability to leave . The judge in the case ordered follow-up evaluations of the boy every two and a half years to update court officials on his progress . Defense attorney Ron Wood said the boy was upset and crying in court during the sentencing and , "  He was frightened . " The boy apologized and "  accepted responsibility for what he did , " Wood said . During a news conference after the sentencing , Wood was asked how confident he is the treatment will work for his client . "  I do n't know , ask me in three years . Ask me when he 's been through the process of having his brain picked ... then maybe we will find out , " Wood said . Asked the same question , Whiting replied , "  50-50 ... I would bet it 's going to be a tough road . " Earlier , Whiting said , "  There is not a question of who committed this crime . The question becomes , how does society and the court system deal with this crime . "	Boy admitted to shooting and killing his father , another man in 2008 when he was 8 He 's sentenced to "  in-patient treatment " that could go on for several years Prosecutor says a psychiatrist will be involved in the treatment Defense attorney Ron Wood : Boy was upset , crying in court during sentencing
CNN  -- I moved from Turkey to New York right after college and stayed for 10 years . I instantly felt I belonged . No matter how small my apartment was , how little money I had or how bad the streets smelled , I was happy . I went to graduate school , worked , had the time of my life and became an adult . Although I missed my family , friends and having a glass of Raki looking at the Bosphorus , I never wanted to go back . Unfortunately , there was one big hurdle in my New York forever plan : the scholarship that got me to U.S. had a strict rule of returning home for two years after graduating . That rule was to prevent brain drain : the departure of educated or professional people from one country for another , for better living conditions . More than that , my significant other wanted to go back . "  No matter what " he said , "  I want to build our lives in Turkey . " So we did -- I am writing this from Istanbul , where I have lived for almost two years now . The "  no matter what " part he was referring to was all the reasons why people leave in the first place : lack of opportunities , political and economic instability , and oppression . But from afar , Turkey did not seem to be such a gloomy option . The buzz was that it had become the 16th biggest economy in the world with a dynamic , young work force . Pundits were quick to praise Turkey as a model country : a secular Muslim democracy with a liberal market . Friends were going back and the ones who stayed in New York were asking if they should follow whenever we got together . I did not see such a model country when I moved back . And things deteriorated over the last two years . I saw Erdogan 's unbearable authoritarianism , his denigrating and polarizing stance , a discriminatory attitude towards anyone who is not a Sunni Muslim or an ethnic Turk and no respect to anyone who is not 100 % pro his AKP party . Human Rights Watch 's 2014 report said that the AKP has demonstrated a "  growing intolerance of political opposition , public protest , and critical media . " Regulation against hate crimes did not recognize ethnicity or sexual orientation as separate categories . Neither were Alevis listed as a distinct faith community or Kurds -- the largest ethnic minority in Turkey , recognized as a separate ethnicity . As violence against women increased , the World Economic Forum ranked Turkey 120 out of 136 countries in its 2013 Global Gender Gap Index . Amnesty International accused Turkey of "  gross human rights violations " during the Gezi protests . I saw a complete lack of freedom of expression as Turkey became the worst jailor of journalists in the world . As for my beautiful Istanbul , the city I dreamed of whenever I missed home , I saw an utter lack of sustainable urban development . Projects like the world 's largest airport , a canal that would split the city 's European side , a third bridge and the now infamous Ottoman-era barracks in lieu of Taksim Square were planned without any consideration for the ecological system or the fabric of the city . Large scale real estate projects gentrified neighborhoods and pushed the poor out of the city . It was no surprise then that Istanbul ranked 117th among 221 cities in the EU 's urban livability index . The economy was not as good as it looked either : according to the OECD 's 2014 statistics , Turkey has the third highest level of income inequality in the OECD area . One in every five Turks is poor . I started asking myself : shall I go back , can I really live here ? Then the Gezi protests happened . A cloud of hope surrounded all of us skeptics despite the horrendous police violence we had witnessed . I felt alive and happy to be in Turkey , hopeful for future . Protesting in the streets as long as we did , I thought "  I could not have lived with myself if I was in U.S. at this time . " When the police cracked down the protests , the resistance reconstituted itself as political opposition in different shapes and forms . But the physical and political violence did not stop . Erdogan became more despotic as the recent corruption scandal started threatening his power ; he went as far as blocking Twitter and YouTube . A feeling of depression replaced hope . So I started thinking again : shall I leave ? For every person who wants and is able to go abroad , there is another who would never dream of leaving his beloved homeland or one that is not fortunate enough to have the opportunity to leave even if he wanted to . It is hard to be trapped between your brain and your heart . As for me , I think I will stay for now . And even if my brain drains to the farthest corner of the world , I know my heart will carry my country with me , wherever I go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Binnaz Saktanber .	Binnaz Saktanber recently moved back to Turkey after spending a decade abroad She says she felt happy to be in Turkey during last summer 's protests , hopeful for future Recently , she began to lose hope and started thinking about leaving again , she writes
CNN  -- Debutants Cape Verde will open the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations when they take on hosts South Africa in Johannesburg on 19 January . The island nation of just half a million inhabitants , who stunned Cameroon in the final round of qualifying , will also face Morocco and Angola in Group A at next year 's tournament . The draw for Africa 's premier sporting event took place on Wednesday in Durban , a city which will host a handful of Group A games . "  All the draws were tough and I think this is a fairly good draw for us , " South Africa coach Gordon Igesund told the website of African football 's ruling body CAF . Group D would appear to be the most evenly contested group at the finals , with Didier Drogba 's Ivory Coast -- who have lost two of the last finals on a penalty shoot-out alone -- taking on Algeria , Tunisia and a Togo side that boasts Tottenham Hotspur striker Emmanuel Adebayor . Read : African football seeks new era to end old problems "  It 's undeniably the most difficult group , " said Ivory Coast 's French coach Sabri Lamouchi , who rallied his side 's chances nonetheless . "  Ivory Coast is the favorite . We were favorites before the draw , and still are after it . We will have to prove it on the field . " The Ivorians are the top ranked team on the continent in the eyes of world governing body Fifa while Algeria , who missed out on the 2012 finals despite appearing at the 2010 World Cup , lie just behind them . Meanwhile , Tunisia won the competition on home soil in 2004 while the Togolese are set to play at their first Nations Cup since withdrawing from the 2010 edition in Angola after two members of their delegation were killed in a terror attack in the state of Cabinda . Reigning African champions Zambia , who will be based in Nelspruit , must emerge from a Group C containing two-time winners Nigeria , Burkina Faso and an Ethiopian side making its first appearance in over three decades if they are to defend their trophy . The team nicknamed the Chipolopolo won this year 's tournament , which was co-hosted by Equatorial Guinea and Gabon , and coach Herve Renard believes they can silence the doubters once again . "  We are confident . We are here to make history , " he told cafonline.com . "  We did it in 2012 . No one was able to say Zambia will win in 2012 . We stayed a small team but managed to go very far . " Finally , Group B pits Ghana against Niger , Mali and a resurgent Democratic Republic of Congo , who are back at their first finals since 2006 . Following their 2010 World Cup exploits , Ghana 's Black Stars are widely seen as one of Africa 's leading sides but they were beaten for third place at the 2012 finals by Mali , who stand above them in FIFA 's world rankings . South Africa will use five World Cup stadiums for the Nations Cup -- with Port Elizabeth and Rustenburg joining Durban , Nelspruit and Johannesburg -- with the latter city set to host the tournament finale on 10 February .	Minnows Cape Verde will open Africa Cup of Nations when taking on hosts South Africa Island nation of half a million inhabitants caused shock of qualifying when eliminating four-time winners Cameroon Favorites Ivory Coast drawn in tough Group D with Algeria , Tunisia and Togo Reigning champions Zambia must face Nigeria , Burkina Faso and Ethiopia
CNN  -- With the third season of "  Games of Thrones " under way on HBO , series star Kit Harington opens up to Glamour magazine about what to expect from his character , Jon Snow . Snow , the bastard son of Lord Eddard "  Ned " Stark , is just getting to know Ygritte , played by former "  Downton Abbey " actress Rose Leslie . When Glamour asked Harington how his tumultuous relationship with the redheaded Free Folk might be different in real life , he said , "  I think they 'd be exactly the same . " "  She 'd still be taking the piss out of Jon , and Jon would still be getting angry about it . And secretly quite enjoying it , " he said . Speaking of women in real life , Harington said he 's most attracted to funny women who understand his sense of humor . "  I like a girl who does not take me seriously , you know ? " he said . "  It 's important to be able to laugh at each other . And I like a girl who eats . I much prefer that she order the burger . " Check out the full interview at Glamour.com , or pick up the magazine 's April issue on newsstands now .	The third season of "  Game of Thrones " is under way on HBO Kit Harington stars as Jon Snow on the series Snow is the bastard son of Lord Eddard "  Ned " Stark
CNN  -- If there was any actor who could make the entire family laugh , it was Robin Williams . His humor played perfectly to audiences of all ages , and for many of his younger admirers , Williams will be remembered as the funniest adult they knew growing up . It was nearly impossible to come of age in the '90s and not experience the magic of Williams ' talent in movies like "  Hook , " "  Jumanji " and "  Mrs. Doubtfire . " For those who have forgotten , take a trip down memory lane and revisit these roles on which Williams left his mark : Sean Maguire in ` Good Will Hunting '  1997 What better way to start than with the film that won Robin Williams his first and only Academy Award ? While "  Good Will Hunting " is widely known as the film that started the careers of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon , Williams makes a powerful impression as counselor Sean Maguire . Instead of the outrageously loud funnyman , here he showcases more a more subdued side of his acting chops . As Maguire , Williams perfectly encapsulated the type of man we look up to , a man who could change the way we think about life . Even when Williams was n't making us laugh , he still made us smile . "  You can do anything you want , you are bound by nothing , " his character says in the movie . A beautiful quote from a fantastic performance . Jack Powell in ` Jack '  1996 With a plot this outrageous it would take a miracle actor to pull it off . Luckily for director Francis Ford Coppola  yes you heard that right  , he had the perfect man for the role of the main character , Jack . The movie tells the story of a boy with a unique aging disorder that has aged him four times faster than normal . He enters school in the fifth grade with the appearance of a 40-year-old man , and hilarity ensues . Could there be a better fit for Robin Williams ' flawless combo of adult and youthful humor ? Williams had an uncanny ability to make an audience laugh one minute and cry the next . While Jack 's juvenile adventures through elementary school bring on the heavy laughs , he also breaks our hearts with his unrequited love for teacher Miss Marquez  Jennifer Lopez  and his tender relationship with his mother  Diane Lane  . The film is pretty reflective of Williams ' career in general -- even though he resembled a 40-year-old man , child audiences grew up with him . Peter Banning in ` Hook '  1991 In this twist on the Disney classic , Williams plays an adult Peter Pan who must return to Neverland to rescue his children , who were kidnapped by Captain Hook . The only thing more fun than watching Williams grow up in the body of an adult , as with "  Jack , " is watching him reclaim his youthfulness . As Williams ' Peter ventures to rescue his children , he inadvertently revisits his own childhood . Of course , he had a little help from Tinkerbell  Julia Roberts  and Wendy  Maggie Smith  , proving once again that Williams could be the star without stealing another actor 's spotlight . And kudos to "  Hook " for having the best food-fight scene of all time . Bang-a-rang Peter ! John Keating in ` Dead Poets Society '  1989 One of Williams ' most iconic roles , in "  Dead Poets Society " Williams plays an English teacher who inspires his elite prep school students through the teaching of poetry . At first glance , it might not sound like your typical Robin Williams film , but , as always , he managed to throw in his own unique touch to the role . His vocal transformations in this part are dynamite : Who better to portray the voices in great poetry and literature ? Williams was legendary for being able to play dozens of characters in one sitting , jumping from one to the next without missing a beat . With fans ranging from the older generations down to rebellious youths , never has the motto carpe diem resonated with so many . There 's probably a person , right at this very moment , standing on top of a desk somewhere chanting "  O'Captain , My Captain " in Williams ' honor . Alan Parrish in ` Jumanji '  1995 Williams really had his work cut out for him with "  Jumanji , " as he had to portray a boy who 'd just been released back to the real world after 26 years stuck inside a jungle-themed board game . Upon his release , Williams ' Alan Parrish is once again forced to play Jumanji alongside his former crush Sarah  Bonnie Hunt  and kid siblings Peter and Judy  a mini Kirsten Dunst !  . As the game continues and the creatures of the jungle create mass destruction across the city , Williams takes the audience for a ride on the crazy train . While this could qualify as more of an action-adventure film as opposed to a comedy , there are always laughs when Williams is involved . The film was so popular it even spawned a real-life board game that no '90s kid could live without . Just be careful when you play : "  In the jungle you must wait , 'til the dice read five or eight . " Genie in ` Aladdin '  1992 We all know the tale : a street urchin falls in love with a princess and attempts to woo her into marrying him . Oh , and there 's a blue , wise-cracking , singing genie that grants the poor man three wishes to win the princess ' heart . Sure , Robin Williams does n't have the title role in this animated classic , but he is without a doubt the most memorable part . In a film featuring a magic flying carpet , a nefarious screeching parrot and a smart-witted monkey sidekick , standing out can be a hard task . But not for Williams ' scene-stealing Genie . Aladdin and Jasmine may have sung "  A Whole New World , " but it was Williams ' vocal abilities that had an opportunity to really shine here . Once his character is introduced , a large portion of "  Aladdin " basically becomes a stand-up act for Williams , real improvisations included . Daniel Hillard and Mrs. Doubtfire in ` Mrs. Doubtfire '  1993 This film 's plot could almost be a horror movie . After an ugly divorce , a man disguises himself as a female housekeeper named Mrs. Doubtfire in an attempt to sneak back into his home and spend more time with his children . But thanks to Williams ' irresistible energy , this is a hilarious family-charmer . Brilliantly , Williams is able to make Mrs. Doubtfire her own individual character without ever letting the audience forget he is the one in the costume . While every other character is completely in the dark of her true identity , he gives the ultimate wink to viewers . The fact that "  Mrs. Doubtfire " is so often cited as a Williams favorite is a no-brainer given Williams ' acting and comedic range . The film revolves around his impersonations , and he flawlessly flies through dozens throughout the film . Whether he was interviewing with a social worker for a job , receiving a makeover transformation from his lovable brother , or playing Euphegenia Doubtfire , this role helped Williams become an icon to every child of the '90s . Thank you Robin Williams , not only for making us laugh , but for growing up with us . Complete coverage on Robin Williams Videos : The world according to Robin Williams Robin Williams leaves behind four films to be released	Robin Williams ' career impacted generations Fans who came of age in the '90s were treated to some of his best work For many , he was the funniest adult around Thanks to his playful humor , Williams grew up along with his young fans
CNN  -- Breakaway conservative members of the Episcopal Church in the United States and its Canadian counterpart are expected to formally announce Wednesday the formation of a rival North American Anglican church . The consecration of Rev. Gene Robinson as bishop of New Hampshire left many conservatives disaffected . Leaders of the Common Cause Partnership , a network of more than 100,000 Anglican Christians in North America , are expected to unveil a draft constitution for a new ecclesiastical territorial division , or province , at an evening service in Wheaton Evangelical Free Church in Wheaton , Illinois , the group said in a written statement . "  The public release of our draft constitution is an important concrete step toward the goal of a biblical , missionary and united Anglican Church in North America , " Bishop Robert Duncan of the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , diocese , said in the written statement . The move comes after years of debate over issues from the interpretation of the Bible to homosexuality . Tensions reached a boiling point in 2003 , when the Episcopal Church consecrated an openly gay man , Rev. Gene Robinson , as bishop of New Hampshire . The move outraged worshippers with traditionalist tendencies , and since then , four dioceses and several parishes have left the Episcopalian Church , including Duncan 's Pittsburgh diocese . In all , the newly formed division will consist of about 100,000 members from the secessionist dioceses and parishes , along with splinter groups that had left the Episcopalian Church in earlier years , said Robert Lundy , a spokesman for the group "  This constitution brings them back together under one church , all aligned together , " Lundy said . "  This is all these folks coming back together . " Lunday said it was safe to say Duncan will lead the nascent province . An assembly is likely to be called next year to determine additional leadership , he said . The Rev. Dr. Charles K. Robertson , canon to the presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Katharine Jefferts Schori , issued a statement saying it would not hazard a guess as to the consequences of Wednesday 's service . "  We will not predict what will or will not come out of this meeting , but simply continue to be clear that the Episcopal Church , along with the Anglican Church of Canada and the La Iglesia Anglicana de Mexico , comprise the official , recognized presence of the Anglican Communion in North America , " he said . "  We reiterate what has been true of Anglicanism for centuries : that there is room within the Episcopal Church for people with different views , and we regret that some have felt the need to depart from the diversity of our common life in Christ . " The Episcopal Church is part of the Anglican Communion , which is composed of 38 provinces around the world . It was not immediately clear which of the other provinces would recognize the Anglican Church in North America , but Lundy said in a meeting last year in Jerusalem indicated that some would do so . Lundy said the draft constitution will state the province 's core beliefs and doctrine . He said it will not lay out definite policies for issues the leaders disagree on , such as ordaining women .	Network of breakaway traditionalists expected to announce formation of rival province Move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of Episcopal Church Tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of New Hampshire New division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left Episcopal Church
CNN  -- Anders Behring Breivik , accused of killing of 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage in Norway last summer , was formally charged Wednesday with committing acts of terror and voluntary homicide , prosecutors said . Prosecutors say he was psychotic at the time of the killings and should be transferred to "  compulsory mental health care . " A fierce debate has raged over whether Breivik is mentally competent to face criminal punishment . The mass killing on July 22 was the single largest loss of life in Norway since World War II . Breivik is accused of killing eight people in a bomb attack in Oslo , then going to Utoya island outside the city and systematically gunning down 69 more people , many of them teens and young adults . Breivik has pleaded not guilty , though he has admitted carried out the attacks , the judge handling his case said previously . His trial is due to start April 16 and is expected to last 10 weeks . Read the full indictment The court case is designed to demonstrate his guilt or innocence . His punishment , if he is found guilty , will then be based on the determination of his sanity . Last month , a court ordered him to undergo a fresh round of psychiatric evaluation as experts seek to determine his mental state ahead of a trial . Two court-appointed psychiatric experts recommended that he spend four weeks under 24-hour psychiatric monitoring so the court can get the fullest possible picture of his behavior , court documents released February 10 said . The two experts were appointed to evaluate his mental state after the court requested a second opinion because of the importance of the question of sanity to Breivik 's trial . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . It may not be possible for him to be sentenced to the maximum punishment for the crimes if he 's deemed insane . Breivik reiterated some of his extremist views during a hearing last month , which began with him entering with a smile and offering up a raised , clenched-fist salute . He insists nobody could believe that he was insane , and describes questions about his mental condition as ridiculous , his lawyer , Geir Lippestad , told the court . Breivik claims the shooting rampage was a matter of self-defense , meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians , Lippestad said . Authorities have described him as a right-wing Christian extremist . A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including Norway 's Labour Party . The victims on Utoya Island were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party camp on Utoya island . Journalist Olav Mellingsaeter in Oslo and CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report	Anders Behring Breivik is accused of killing 77 people last summer Prosecutors say he is psychotic and should be hospitalized There has been a fierce debate over his sanity , which will affect his punishment Breivik admits the killings but pleads not guilty , a judge has said
CNN  -- A child throwing a ball . On the face of it , a simple act , but for four-year old Hannah Mohn this is a milestone . Hannah was born with the neuromuscular disease arthrogryposis , which makes her joints curve and muscles extremely weak . She ca n't lift her arms very high without help . "  We knew about five months into the pregnancy that something was not right , " says Hannah 's mother , Jennifer Mohn . "  We were told that they did not believe that she would survive birth and that we should really think about what we wanted done and make arrangements for the day that she were to be born . " Hannah survived , but with severe challenges and a long road ahead . Jennifer explains : "  When we saw my pediatrician ... for one of her first visits , she said even if her legs do n't work well enough for her to walk , the biggest thing that we need to work on is making sure that her hands and arms are working to the fullest extent , because if she has use of her hands and arms , she will be able to care for herself . If she does n't have the ability to use her legs , she can at least use a wheelchair . And that stuck with me . " Hannah 's chance at a normal life came aged 18 months , when she visited the dupont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware -- a leading hospital in the United States . She began using a device the hospital designed , called the "  WREX " -- robotic arms made from 3-D printing . "  WREX stands for Wilmington Robotic Exoskeleton , " explains Whitney Sample , a research design engineer at the hospital . "  Most of the kids that we deal with have neuromuscular issues that affect their ability to raise their arms . So they have a lot of difficulty getting their hand to their mouth , doing typical activities of daily living -- combing their hair , scratching their nose ... so it allows their arm to pretty much float . " The WREX uses special elastic bands to give a child 's arm a weightless feeling . "  The mechanism is similar to how a luxo lamp works to make it ` effortless ' to move and position the head of the lamp , " says Sample . It 's a life-changing device , and one that 's benefitted hugely from 3-D printing . Producing components on site by printing them layer by layer greatly reduces the time it takes to create a WREX . "  We can print a full set of plastic parts for one pair of WREXs for one patient overnight , and by the end of the next work day we can clean the parts and have the WREX fully assembled , " says Sample , adding that metal components must also be made by traditional methods prior to assembly . Read more : How 3D printing will reshape the world Even after 25 years designing devices for those with disabilities , Sample still gets emotional when children he has helped thank him for the difference he 's making . When one child was given a school assignment to write a story about their personal hero , they chose to write about Sample . "  It 's really nice to have that recognition when the families come back and say ` Hey , this has been wonderful for us , ' " he says . Arthrogryposis is a condition that affects one in 3,000 children born in the United States , according to the American Association of Neuromuscular and Electrodiagnostic Medicine . The dupont Hospital for Children says it sees a little more than 30 new cases each year . "  We treat all spectrums of orthopedic disease , " says Dr. William Mackenzie , chair of the hospital 's orthopedics department . "  3-D printing is allowing us to build devices very precisely -- to build a device that can be attached and be closely adapted to that individual person 's physique and improve function . "  The next step , we think , is when we could put small motors in these joints that the child would control with either a twitch of the muscle or perhaps a laser . We do n't know quite how might it be controlled , but we see that that is the future of the WREX . " Read more : ` The night I invented 3D printing ' The device has helped improve Hannah 's movements , even when she is not using it . "  The biggest change that we 've seen is the ability for her to reach up higher and the ability to sustain that , " says Jennifer . "  Her elbows are typically stuck at her sides and that 's where she 's been limited to raising her arms and reaching for things . "  She 's gaining muscle strength in her arms that she has n't had . It definitely teaches her about things with different textures and colors , shapes and where things go and how things work . " Teaching her , and opening up a future that knows no limits . "  My hope is that she grows up to be as independent as she can , " says Jennifer . "  I 'd love to see her go to college . As sassy as she is and as much as she likes to be in charge , she might run for president someday -- who knows ? "  Up to this point there has n't been much that she has let stop her . Whatever it is , she 's going to achieve it . " Read more : How a 3-D printed arm gave hope to boy maimed by bomb Mark Tutton also contributed to this report .	Hannah Mohn was born with a disease that makes her muscles weak She uses an exoskeleton called a "  WREX " -- robotic arms made from 3-D printing It allows her to raise her arms without assistance
Lord Voldemort , the arch-villain in the Harry Potter series of books and films , has played an unlikely cameo in a diplomatic feud between China and Japan . China 's foreign ministry spokeswoman on Tuesday accused a Japanese diplomat of being "  ignorant , unreasonable and arrogant " after the two countries upped the stakes in their propaganda war by likening each other to the fictional evil wizard . China 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , Liu Xiaoming , first made reference to the character in an opinion piece published by Britain 's Daily Telegraph last week . It came in response to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's December 26 visit to Tokyo 's Yasukuni shrine , where convicted war criminals are honored along with other war dead . The move incensed China , which suffered under Japan 's military aggression in World War II , and regards the shrine as a symbol of Japan 's imperial past "  If militarism is like the haunting Voldemort of Japan , the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo is a kind of horcrux , representing the darkest parts of that nation 's soul , " Liu wrote . In the best-selling series by British author J.K. Rowling , a horcrux is used by Voldemort to hide fragments of the soul in a bid to prolong life . Not to be outdone in this literary war of words , Liu 's commentary was followed by another from Japan 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , Keiichi Hayashi : "  There are two paths open to China . One is to seek dialogue , and abide by the rule of law . The other is to play the role of Voldemort in the region by letting loose the evil of an arms race and escalation of tensions , " he wrote in the same paper . The riposte prompted Chinese state media to warn "  a war of public opinion between China and Japan is now in full swing . " "  There are no flying cannonballs in the battlefield of public opinion , but it still requires the unity of the entire Chinese society to fight this war , " The Global Times , a tabloid owned by the Chinese Communist Party mouthpiece The People 's Daily , said on its website on Tuesday . However , Internet users in both countries seemed amused rather than alarmed by the latest and surreal twist in the long-running diplomatic tit-for-tat . "  I think China and Japan are more like two kids who have not grown up , " posted @Xiaowei Huang on China 's popular Twitter-like platform Weibo . "  The method is refreshing and the cultural reference down to earth , " said another Weibo user with the handle @luotiehang . In Japan , Twitter user @emtyusuke welcomed the debate : "  It is good to use wit and rhetoric to appeal each other 's claim , without being overly emotional . " Abe 's visit to the Yasukuni Shrine exacerbated tensions at a time when relations between Japan and China have been strained over the sovereignty of a set of islands in the East China Sea known as the Diaoyu islands in China and the Senkakus in Japan .	China 's foreign ministry says Japanese diplomat "  ignorant , unreasonable and arrogant " Comments come after envoys from both countries invoked Voldemort , Harry Potter 's enemy Tensions have been strained after war shrine visit and escalation of island dispute Unexpected and surreal turn of events bemuses internet users in both countries
CNN  -- Count by count , Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales on Wednesday admitted to gunning down 16 civilians in a 2012 rampage through two villages near his outpost in southern Afghanistan . Bales pleaded guilty to more than 30 criminal charges , including 16 premeditated murder counts , in a hearing before a military judge . He admitted to slipping away from his outpost in southern Afghanistan and going on a house-to-house killing spree in two nearby villages in March 2012 , a massacre that further strained ties between American troops and their Afghan allies . The move spares the 39-year-old Bales the prospect of a death sentence in the killings . But he was unable to offer the judge , Col. Jeffery Nance , an explanation for his actions . "  I 've asked that question a million times since then . There 's not a good reason in the world for the horrible things I did , " Bales replied , according to Drew Mikkelson of CNN affilliate KING , who was tweeting from the courtroom . Wednesday 's hearing was held at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington . Both Nance and Lt. Gen. Robert Brown , commander of the Army 's I Corps , have approved the plea agreement , said Lt. Col. Gary Dangerfield , a spokesman for the installation . Bales now faces life in prison , but a jury of four officers and two enlisted personnel will decide whether he will have a chance at parole , Dangerfield said . Nance set sentencing for August 19 . "  Sergeant Bales has been waiting for the day that he can accept responsibility for what he has done -- the day that he can give , hopefully , some sense of peace to the people who are the victims of this tragedy , to his own family and to the soldiers who are still serving in Afghanistan , " defense attorney Emma Scanlan said after the hearing . "  That has been his purpose from the beginning , and that remains what he wants from this . " In addition to the murder counts , Bales pleaded guilty to six counts of attempted murder , seven of assault and the use of illicit steroids and alcohol , but pleaded not guilty to a charge of obstruction of justice . Bales is a member of the Army 's 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team , an element of the 2nd Infantry Division . His attorneys have said the service made a mistake in assigning Bales to another combat tour despite evidence of post-traumatic stress disorder and a traumatic brain injury suffered during a combat tour in Iraq . In the penalty hearings , Scanlan said the defense also will argue that Bales ' problems were also fueled by drugs and alcohol provided by Special Operations troops at his outpost before the killings . "  We know all of those things to be true , as does the government , " Scanlan told reporters after the hearing . "  You take that with somebody on their fourth deployment and the stresses of combat , and we get in some parts of the situation we are in today . " But Scanlan added , "  There 's no justification " for the massacre . "  He does n't have one , and neither do we . " Lawyer : Specials ops troops gave accused killer alcohol , steroids U.S. and allied troops invaded Afghanistan in 2001 in response to the September 11 al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion quickly routed Afghanstan 's ruling Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but the Taliban regrouped and have mounted a guerrilla war against the allied-backed government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai ever since . More than 2,200 Americans and nearly 1,100 allied troops have been killed since the war began in October 2001 . Nearly 15,000 civilians have died since 2007 , the United Nations reported in February . The United States plans to remove combat troops from the country by the end of 2014 . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : Bales hopes plea will bring peace to victims , comrades , lawyer says Bales now faces life in prison ; a decision on parole will come in August He admitted to 16 Afghans and wounding several more in a house-to-house rampage The March 2012 killings further strained ties between the United States and Afghanistan
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden and Republican vice presidential contender Paul Ryan plowed fertile ground in terms of policy and politics during their debate -- now the question is whether the presidential candidates can reap what was sown . Biden aggressively pressed Ryan on Thursday to defend his ticket 's positions on everything from Medicare to trimming the nation 's debt to the way forward in dealing with Iran . Biden tried to frame the election as a choice between different directions for the country by contending policies of the Mitt Romney-Ryan ticket would hurt the middle class and move the nation backward on social issues , like gay rights and abortion . In doing so , Biden helped set up President Barack Obama to further those arguments during the second presidential debate on Tuesday in New York , political experts say . For his part , Ryan was equally hard-charging and vigorously put forth the ticket 's domestic and foreign policy proposals in exchanges that were at times sharp and pointed . Ryan repeatedly sought to focus the debate on the Obama-Biden record of the last four years , arguing the administration 's policies hindered economic recovery and weakened the nation 's standing and influence in the world . Five things we learned from Thursday 's vice presidential debate Romney is now well-primed to drive that message home . A CNN-ORC International poll released after the debate suggested voters who watched narrowly favored Ryan over Biden by 48 % -44 % , a statistically even result . That followed an overwhelming Romney victory in their first of three debates . "  I think they both accomplished the kinds of things they wanted to accomplish , " said John Geer , chairman of Vanderbilt University 's political science department . Political analysts say Biden also helped re-energize Democrats , whose spirits might have flagged after Obama 's lackluster performance in last week 's debate . 5 Independent perspectives on the VP debate "  The most important job Biden did for Obama is reawakening the depressed Democratic base , " said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  Biden has primed them for a better performance from Obama . " What Biden failed to do , some political analysts say , is make the case that Obama deserves another four years . That 's up to the president when he takes the stage next week . Debate aftermath : Romney hammers Biden on Libya remark Ron Brownstein , a CNN senior political analyst and editorial director of the National Journal , said "  as strong as Biden was , " there was almost nothing on what a second Obama term would mean for America , especially on the economy . "  That is still the big missing piece in their argument , " Brownstein said . Ryan was able to capitalize on Romney 's momentum from his well-received debate performance . The Wisconsin congressman 's performance further smooths Romney 's path to charge ahead , political experts say . "  Ryan was a steady , unflappable presence onstage who made an articulate set of arguments in favor of conservative principles while also seeming sensitive and reasonable to many moderates , " David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN , wrote Friday . "  Ryan was also surprisingly strong on foreign policy , holding his own against a man far more schooled in the subject . " However , some political watchers said Ryan 's response on women 's health issues could prove problematic for Romney during the next two debates . "  It 's kind of the untalked about thing this morning -- raised a bunch of issues for the campaigns to be talking about over the next couple of weeks , " Hilary Rosen , a Democratic pundit and CNN contributor , said . "  Yes , the economy is important , but when women have to worry about their health care and the economy , that 's just an extra burden . " But CNN contributor and RedState blogger Erick Erickson , appearing on "  CNN Newsroom " with Rosen , said most women agree with the Romney-Ryan position . "  I 'm sorry , Hilary , but you 're just wrong on this , " he said . "  In the Gallup poll , the Pew poll , Mason Dixon poll , you name it , they show that the majority of women in this country , they are pro-life . They consider themselves for pro-life , with the exceptions Paul Ryan named  in the debate  . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report	Joe Biden and Paul Ryan tangled in debate , which experts called a draw Both scored on policy points and set up presidential candidates to continue arguments Unanswered was why Obama deserves second term ; trust on women 's issues for Romney-Ryan Libya security , economy , Medicare drove vice presidential debate
CNN  -- On November 25 , 1963 , representatives from more than 90 countries attended the Washington funeral for President John F. Kennedy . Millions watched the somber events on television . On that day , 1,300 miles to the southwest , the man accused of killing him was quietly and simply buried in Fort Worth , Texas . Lee Harvey Oswald 's remains were interred in a simple pine coffin with the help of volunteer pallbearers . The deteriorated coffin , which was replaced after Oswald 's body was exhumed briefly in 1981 , is now up for auction . A Fort Worth mortuary owner is selling the box , which had a bid of $ 5,000 on Wednesday . Also for sale are an Easter card signed by Oswald , a first draft of his death certificate , funeral records , an embalming table used to hold Oswald 's body and assorted mortuary instruments . Bidding ends December 16 , according to Nate D. Sanders Auctions of Los Angeles , California . Another seller is auctioning a patch of seat leather from the limousine that carried Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline Kennedy through the streets of Dallas , Texas , during the shooting November 22 , 1963 . Funeral director Allen Baumgardner , 68 , who assisted at the original embalming , purchased Miller Funeral Home along with all of its property . "  He felt the time was right to sell , " said Laura Yntema , auction manager at Nate D. Sanders . "  What strikes me about it is what a simple pine coffin it is , " she said , adding that the company expects the coffin to go for $ 70,000 to $ 100,000 . Asked about the macabre nature of some of the items , Yntema said "  this is definitely a special situation . " Collectors look at the items more for their historical value , she said . Oswald was buried one day after nightclub owner Jack Ruby  born Jack Rubenstein  fatally shot him at Dallas Police headquarters while he was being transferred to the county jail . The death certificate draft lists "  shot by Jack Rubenstein " under a section asking how the fatal injury occurred . The name was scratched out because Ruby , who died in 1967 , had not been tried . Another death certificate was officially filed . Yntema said she expects the death certificate to go for $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 Oswald 's body was exhumed in October 1981 during a fierce legal battle between his widow , Marina , and brother Robert . Conspiracy theories abounded over whether a Soviet agent was actually buried in the grave . Marina Oswald won the dispute , and the coffin was exhumed , according to the auction house . "  As Lee Harvey Oswald 's coffin was lifted , evidence of extensive water damage to the casket was apparent , " said the company . Pathologists identified the decomposed remains as Oswald 's , and he was reinterred in a new casket and vault . Baumgardner could not be reached for comment Wednesday . Serious collectors and museums are likely those most interested , Yntema said . The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza , site of the assassination , is not interested in the coffin , curator Gary Mack told CNN . "  It does n't really fit what we collect , " he said . The nonprofit museum is in a building that once housed the famous Texas School Book Depository . Oswald is believed to have fired on Kennedy from an area that is now part of the museum . The museum is focused more on the events of November 22 , 1963 , and has a large collection of films , photos and local news coverage archives , Mack said . Mack related an account of the burial of Oswald at Shannon Rose Hill Memorial Park in Fort Worth . Two newsmen from competing news wire services volunteered to serve as pallbearers , he said . The funeral was attended by federal agents , police officers and five family members , according to the Dallas Morning News Jennie Roberts , a spokeswoman for Service Corp. . International , which owns the cemetery , said she could not discuss any details on the grave or visitors because of privacy policies . Visitors are not allowed to take photographs , Roberts said .	Auction house is selling items connected to Kennedy assassin Oswald was exhumed in 1981 , and he was reburied in another coffin The original wooden coffin is being auctioned Also for sale : Easter card signed by him , leather from limousine
A respiratory virus that has sent hundreds of children to hospitals in Missouri is causing alarm across the Midwest and beyond . Ten states have contacted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for help investigating clusters of the virus that 's being blamed for the illness . List of states with the Enterovirus Health officials say they 're still figuring out what 's going on . The bug that appears to be causing most of the concern has a typically arcane name -- Enterovirus EV-D68 -- but many of its symptoms are very common . Here 's what you need to know about the virus . What are enteroviruses ? Enteroviruses , which bring on symptoms like a very intense cold , are n't unusual . They 're actually very common . When you have a bad summer cold , often what you have is an enterovirus , said Mark Pallansch , a virologist and director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Division of Viral Diseases . There are more than 100 types of enteroviruses causing about 10 to 15 million infections in the United States each year , according to the CDC . They are carried in the intestinal tract and often spread to other parts of the body . The season often hits its peak in September , as summer ends and fall begins . Why Enterovirus infections are difficult to track So why all the concern now ? What 's unusual at the moment is the high number of hospitalizations . The virus has sent more than 30 children a day to a Kansas City , Missouri , hospital , where about 15 % of the youngsters were placed in intensive care , officials said . "  It 's worse in terms of scope of critically ill children who require intensive care . I would call it unprecedented , " said Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , a director for infectious diseases at Children 's Mercy Hospital , where about 475 children were recently treated . "  I 've practiced for 30 years in pediatrics , and I 've never seen anything quite like this , " she said . What parents should know about EV-D68 What 's special about this particular type of enterovirus ? An analysis by the CDC showed at least 30 of the Kansas City children tested positive for EV-D68 , Missouri health officials said . It 's a type of enterovirus that 's uncommon , but not new . It was first identified in the 1960s and there have been fewer than 100 reported cases since that time . But it 's possible , Pallansch said , that the relatively low number of reports might be because EV-D68 is hard to identify . EV-D68 was seen last year in the United States and this year in various parts of the world . Over the years , clusters have been reported in Georgia , Pennsylvania , Arizona and various countries including the Philippines , Japan and the Netherlands . Experts say they do n't know why it 's flared up this time around . "  Why one virus or another crops up in one part of the country or another part of the country from one year to the next is inexplicable , " said William Schaffner , head of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University . "  It 's a mystery to me . " What are the symptoms ? The virus can start as just a cold . Signs include coughing , difficulty breathing and in some cases a rash . Sometimes they can be accompanied by fever or wheezing . Respiratory problems appear to the hallmark of EV-D68 , according to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services . "  Most enteroviruses cause either a little bit of a cold or a diarrheal illness -- a few cause meningitis , " said Schaffner . "  This one is the , if you will , odd cousin . It causes prominent respiratory symptoms . Why it does that , we 're really not sure . " How serious is it ? The good news is that enteroviruses usually are n't deadly . "  All of these folks are going to get better , " said Schaffner . "  Some of them have more severe illness , such as these children who have developed asthma and are hospitalized . But they should all get better . " Many of the EV-D68 infections "  will be mild and self-limited , requiring only symptomatic treatment , " the Missouri health agency said . Some cases could , in theory , contribute to death , but none of the Missouri cases have resulted in death and no data are available for overall morbidity and mortality from the virus in the United States , the agency said . How widespread are the cases ? Beyond the surge in infections in Missouri , there are signs of a possible regional outbreak of EV-D68 . Colorado , Illinois and Ohio are reporting cases with similar symptoms and are awaiting testing results , according to officials and CNN affiliates in those states . The 10 states that have reached out to the CDC for assistance are Colorado , North Carolina , Georgia , Ohio , Iowa , Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Kentucky . The unusually high number of hospitalizations reported now could be "  just the tip of the iceberg in terms of severe cases , " said Pallansch of the CDC . What can be done to prevent it ? Like other enteroviruses , the respiratory illness appears to spread through close contact with infected people . That makes children more susceptible . There 's not a great deal you can do , health officials say , beyond taking commonsense steps to reduce the risk . Wash your hands with soap and water for 20 seconds -- particularly after going to the bathroom and changing diapers . Clean and disinfect surfaces that are regularly touched by different people , such as toys and doorknobs . Avoid shaking hands , kissing , hugging and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick . And stay home if you feel unwell . There 's no vaccine for EV-D68 .	Enterovirus EV-D68 is uncommon but not new It causes prominent respiratory symptoms , like a cold but worse People suffering from the disease should all get better , an expert says Enteroviruses are very common , causing up to 15 million infections a year in the U.S.
CNN  -- Think the old , pre-megaresort Caribbean is gone ? It 's not on pristine Guadeloupe -- a five-island overseas region of France located in the Leeward Islands -- but the era of relative obscurity there may be coming to an end . First the pristine part . With modern infrastructure and top-notch cuisine , Guadeloupe is a 629-square-mile treasure of near-empty beaches , forests , waterfalls , cliffs and healthy coral reefs . Fresh conch kebabs , seaside bars , gwo ka drummers playing and chanting against the sound of lapping waves -- how this cluster of islands has remained off-the-beaten path for so long is a mystery for out of work travel agents to contemplate . That may change . Soon . Historically , a stronghold of French tourists , Guadeloupe is vying to become the next big winter escape for North Americans , launching formal marketing efforts aimed at those tourists just last year . In April 2013 , American Airlines and Seaborne Airlines launched weekly , direct flights from Miami and Puerto Rico to the main city of Pointe-à-Pitre  population 132,884  . JetBlue followed in November , signing an interline agreement with Seaborne . By the close of 2013 , Guadeloupe Islands ' Tourist Board reported a 22.5 % annual increase in visitors from the United States . According to the Caribbean Journal , Guadeloupe received just 420,000 visitors overall in 2013 . If all of this does n't convince you to give Guadeloupe a look now , the gallery above just might .	In the eastern Caribbean , Guadeloupe is a perennially overlooked paradise New flights from the United States may change its tourist profile The five-island group is an overseas region of France French traditionally make up more than 80 % of all tourists to Guadeloupe
CNN  -- An earthquake struck off the Indonesian island of Bali early Thursday , rattling buildings and sending dozens to hospitals with minor injuries . The 6.0-magnitude quake hit 100 km  62 miles  southwest of Bali , the U.S. Geological Survey said . At least 43 people were taken to local hospitals , including five who suffered serious injuries , medical officials said . A few suffered broken bones and are undergoing treatment , said Wayan Sudanti , an official at a local hospital . Another medical official at a nearby hospital said several others were undergoing treatment for minor injuries , but did not specify how many . The quake had a depth of 38 miles , and no tsunami alert was issued , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Indonesia is on the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . In 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude underwater earthquake struck off the coast of Sumatra , triggering a tsunami that killed more than 200,000 people in 14 countries . The tsunami , which washed away entire communities , caused nearly $ 10 billion in damage and more casualties than any other tsunami in history , according to the United Nations . Indonesia was among the hardest hit nations .	NEW : Dozens of injuries reported , medical officials say No tsunami alert is issued The 6.0-magnitude quake hits southwest of Bali
CNN  -- The questions go to the heart of the issue , presenting scenarios some may find challenging . The Boy Scouts of America , now considering a change in the group 's longstanding policy against allowing openly gay members , has sent out a questionnaire that goes beyond a simple yes or no on the subject . Among them : Is it acceptable for a gay scout and a straight scout to share a tent on an overnight camping trip ? The survey sent to leaders and parents includes five multiple-choice answers ranging from "  totally acceptable " to "  totally unacceptable . " Listening phase In February , the Boy Scouts of America 's national executive board postponed a vote on lifting its outright ban on openly homosexual scouts and troop leaders . The decision will be made at the organization 's annual meeting in May , where about 1,400 members of the group 's national council will take part , the board said . The organization said at the time that it would "  further engage representatives of Scouting 's membership and listen to their perspectives and concerns . " Read the survey  pdf The Boy Scouts said in a statement Tuesday that they 're in the "  listening phase " and are "  reviewing a number of issues and how they will impact the BSA , including youth , chartered organizations , parents , and financial , fundraising , and legal concerns . " The questions The survey 's nine questions directly address those concerns and point to the complexities of the issues involved . Here 's one of the questions from the survey : "  David , a Boy Scout , believes that homosexuality is wrong . His troop is chartered to a church where the doctrine of that faith also teachers that homosexuality is wrong . Steven , an openly gay youth , applies to be a member in the troop and is denied membership . Is it acceptable or unacceptable for this troop to deny Steve membership in their troop ? " Another question asks if a lesbian mom should be allowed to be den leader , if the church it 's chartered to has no problem with homosexuality . The issues are challenging for an organization that has many ties to organized religion , many of them conservative . Before the Scouts postponed their vote in February , the executive board was expected to consider a proposal to let local groups set their own policies Opinion : Ban on gays hurts Scouting The decision disappointed critics , who had hoped to see the organization end its ban despite a 2000 Supreme Court ruling saying it had the right to keep it . "  Every day that the Boy Scouts of America delay action is another day that discrimination prevails , " said Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin . "  Now is the time for action . Young Americans , gay and straight , are hurt by the inaction ... The BSA leadership should end this awful policy once and for all , and open the proud tradition of Scouting to all . " Conservative groups and some religious organizations have argued against making any change , saying it would dilute the Boy Scout message of morality and potentially destroy the organization . The Boy Scouts announced in January that the organization would consider changing the policy , a sharp reversal of its previous support for excluding openly gay members and scout leaders . The new policy would allow local leaders to decide "  consistent with each organization 's mission , principles or religious beliefs " whether to open troops they sponsor to openly gay people , the group said in a statement at the time . The proposal comes more than a decade after a Supreme Court ruling that found the organization has the right to keep gays out , but also amid declining participation in the venerable American institution . Membership is down Membership in Boy Scouts has declined by about a third since 1999 . About 2.7 million people now participate in scouting nationwide , with more than 70 % of troops affiliated with a church or religious groups . The organization has also endured frequent criticism from gay rights groups and other critics who say the Boy Scouts should not endorse discrimination . Activists hail a watershed moment in gay rights movement Among more recent controversies , the organization came under fire last year after Jennifer Tyrrell , an Ohio den leader , was dismissed by her local Boy Scout officials for being a lesbian . A poll released in February suggests the public is in favor of lifting the ban . The poll , conducted January 30 to February 4 by Quinnipiac University , found 55 % of respondents favored lifting the ban . The school said 33 % were opposed . The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.3 percentage points . Scouting goes through a rough patch	Boy Scout leaders will vote on ending a ban on openly gay members in May The organization said in January it would consider changing its ban on openly gay members "  End this awful policy , " the Human Rights Campaign urges Boy Scouts of America Conservative groups say a change would dilute the Boy Scout message of morality
CNN  -- There 's a reason most of Scotland 's population clusters near the English border . It 's safer there -- OK , give or take certain Glasgow pubs . The country just gets wilder the further north you go . From its ghostly peat bog moors , to the minke whales and basking sharks patrolling its islands , the wild geese that flock here and even its own indigenous cat  a wild cat -- in Scotland ?  , this small country contains some of the most unspoiled territory left in Europe . Yet few people in heavily urbanized Britain -- or outside it -- know much of these fiercely beautiful places within their country 's borders . Fewer still have explored them . Below is the nitty-gritty  there 's probably some Scottish way of saying that  of getting to them , starting with a certain improbable cat ... 1 . "  Highland tigers " There are fewer than 100 purebred wildcats left in Scotland . Seeing a "  highland tiger " in the wild is a rare privilege , but you might glimpse one in the thick heather and fir woodlands of the Cairngorms National Park  access free , 365 days a year  . This pocket wilderness is home to red deer , golden eagle and osprey , as well as wildcats . Most of the park , whose landscapes include four of Scotland 's five highest peaks , can be explored only on foot . 2 . The curlew 's cry on the moor Few places feel as wild as windswept Rannoch Moor . Only one road crosses this expanse of peat bog , heather moorland , streams and lochans  a small loch  . Often the only sound here is the cry of the curlew , a wading bird . This remote country is traversed by the West Highland Way . After crossing the moor , this long-distance trail plunges into the forbidding ravine of Glencoe . In 1692 , Campbell soldiers in government pay massacred almost 80 MacDonald clanspeople here . The walk across the moor from Bridge of Orchy  four trains daily from Glasgow -- see Scotrail.co.uk  takes one day . Allow another day to walk to Glencoe and down the rugged "  Devil 's Staircase " to the coast . You can camp anywhere on the way , but beware of swarms of biting midges in summer . 3 . Scotland -- by sea kayak The Scottish Sea Kayak Trail is Europe 's first long-distance sea kayak journey . This 500-kilometer odyssey takes in almost mythically beautiful stretches of coastline between Gigha , off the Mull of Kintyre , and the Summer Isles , near Ullapool . You can do the journey in stages , or in one epic voyage that takes around two weeks . Wilderness Scotland  Inverdruie House , Inverdruie , Aviemore ; +44  0  1479 420 420  offers four - and five-day guided journeys from # 895  $ 1,420  . The price includes equipment , hotel accommodation and ground transfers . 4 . Ben Nevis 's shorter , tougher rival Suilven , rising above the desolation of Assynt , is n't among Scotland 's highest mountains . Reaching its 2,399-foot summit , though , involves a near-vertical scramble up rocky gullies and is a far greater challenge than the comparative stroll to the peak of much higher Ben Nevis . At the top , after the nerve-racking final ridge traverse , a spectacular panorama of loch and moorland scenery rewards you . With luck , golden eagles will be soaring overhead . Suilven is 19 kilometers south-east of the village of Lochinver , Assynt ; access is free . Downloadable maps are available at Walkhighlands.co.uk . 5 . Wild geese and clashing stags Vast flocks of wildfowl darken Islay 's skies in winter , when tens of thousands of barnacle geese and white-fronted geese migrate from the Arctic to this southern Hebridean isle . Their arrival in autumn and departure in spring are among Europe 's most memorable wildlife spectacles . Islay is also the best place in Scotland to see red deer stags up close as they clash antlers to establish their mating territory . At the same time of year , you 'll see mad March hares "  dancing " as they , too , seek mates . Seals and otters haunt the island 's rugged coastline . Islay Stalking  Gearach Forest , Islay ; 44 1496 850 120  offers morning and evening photo safaris from # 20  $ 32  . 6 . Benign beaver hunt Beavers -- extinct in Scotland for 400 years -- were reintroduced into the wild in 2009 . A small colony has set up home at Dubh Loch and Loch Corrie Bar , in Knapdale Forest . Knapdale is a unique wetland landscape of rocky ridges and lush oak woodland . As well as beavers , it 's home to otters and a rich variety of birdlife . Guides from Scottish Beaver Trail  Knapdale Reserve , Barnluasgan , Argyll  lead walks to lochs , beaver dams and feeding sites . 7 . Minke whales and loggerhead turtles The waters around the Isle of Mull are surging with marine life . You can take a boat trip from this lovely west coast island to spot minke whale , dolphin , porpoise and basking sharks at sea , seals and otters on island shores and sea eagles in the sky above . Rarer sightings may include giant ocean sunfish and even loggerhead turtles . A three hour wildlife-watching boat trip with Mull Charters  Fascadale , Salen , Isle of Mull ; +44  0  1680 300 444  costs # 35  $ 55  . 8 . Climbing the twisted Old Man of Stoer The "  stacks " of Scotland 's west coast offer unique climbing routes . These steep rock pinnacles rise straight from the waves and challenge the boldest climber . The Old Man of Stoer , a twisted , 60-meter sandstone spire , is rated among the best of these multi-pitch climbs , with a 55-meter abseil back to sea level from the summit . Go Further Scotland  9 Melvaig , Gairloch , Ross-shire ; + 44  0  1445 771 260  offers guided ascents  maximum two climbers per expert guide  from # 130  $ 207  per climber . 9 . Abandoned St. Kilda It 's hard to believe people ever lived on St. Kilda . After centuries of grinding hardship , in 1930 the last islanders asked to be resettled on the mainland . Since then , St. Kilda 's only permanent inhabitants have been seabirds , wild sheep and a unique species of fieldmouse . This is the wildest of wild places . Getting here , even in a modern vessel , takes hardihood . St. Kilda 's sheer cliffs provide nesting places for huge flocks of gannets and fulmars . Below the sea 's surface , the cliffs plunge deep , creating world-class wall dives . Elizabeth G Charters  Failte , Main Street , Tobermory , Isle of Mull ; +44  0  1688 302 495  operates luxury liveaboard wildlife and diving cruises . Prices from # 1,000  $ 1,600  per person for a six night cruise . 10 . Wild stories And then there are the wild stories -- of which one of Scotland 's wildest concerns the supposed monstrous inhabitant of Loch Ness . On an overcast day , it 's easy enough to believe unknown life forms lurk in its depths . And cryptozoology is big business in these parts -- but this vast , dark loch , containing more water than all the lakes in England and Wales combined , is impressive , Nessie or no . The unsettled side of the loch , which you can paddle to from Fort Augustus , feels remarkably unspoiled for such a well-known place as Loch Ness -- no wonder whisky smugglers used to love its calm , hidden little bays . Cruise Loch Ness  Knockburnie , Inchnacardoch , Fort Augustus , Inverness-shire ; + 44  0  1320 366 277  offers one-hour "  monster-spotting " trips on RIBs and sonar-equipped boats , from # 22  $ 35  per person . Or you can canoe the Great Glen , from Loch Ness to Loch Morar , with Boots 'N' Paddles  14 Cabrich , Kirkhill , Inverness ; +44  0  845 612 5567  . The journey takes three to five days . Robin Gauldie is a freelance travel journalist and the author of more than 20 guidebooks . He contributes to newspapers and magazines including the Scotsman , the Sunday Telegraph and the South China Morning Post . He lives in Edinburgh .	Scotland has its own wildcat -- although it 's become very rare Few places feel as wild as Rannoch and other windswept moors Beaver have been reintroduced here -- guides can take you to them
CNN  -- It has become a permanent fixture on the football calendar , and as the NFL prepares to descend on London once again , it seems a permanent touchdown is fast approaching . As the New England Patriots and St. Louis Rams jet in for Sunday 's sixth annual regular season clash at Wembley Stadium , there is a growing sense that an NFL franchise could be based fulltime in the British capital before this decade is out . With the league having voted to persist with the experiment until at least 2016 , and the Jacksonville Jaguars committing to four years of visits to London , the NFL is hoping to build on the spike in interest since landing firm feet on foreign shores in 2005 . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell confirmed at the announcement of this new affirmation to overseas football that the latest deal would increase the swell of support for the game -- likely to be necessary if a franchise is to flourish across the Atlantic . NFL 's St. Louis Rams play 3 home games in London But if a team is to base itself in Europe , be it in London or anywhere else , it must commit to ingraining the culture of the game in the city it adopts as a new home and guard against antagonizing U.S.-based fans , according to sports business expert Simon Chadwick . "  Successful overseas expansion will require the NFL to create and embed a culture of American football in overseas territories which will need them to successfully engage with local stakeholders , " he told CNN . "  As for us fans , it is important they see that the sport 's core values and traditional markets are not being compromised or undermined by overseas expansion . "  Moreover , I think the NFL has to ` sell ' expansion to existing fans as being important for the future sustainability and success of the sport . " Building a fan base If a franchise was to touch down in London , its success would hinge on the following it attracts -- something the league has been trying to build since the first regular-season match between the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins drew a crowd of 81,000 to Wembley in 2007 . But the figures are promising . According to the NFL , there is a fan base of 11 million in the UK , which represents a 32 % increase in the last two years . More people are playing the game at amateur level too . Television numbers are also on the rise , with Sunday games showing a 154 % increase in viewers , while the amount of people watching the showpiece Super Bowl has gone up by 74 % since 2006 . Goodell has admitted that part of the NFL 's reasoning for extending its period of moonlighting in London is to pave the way for a future franchise . "  If we can play multiple regular-season games there , that gives you a better opportunity to be successful if you choose to put a franchise in London , " Goodell said , in comments sent to CNN by the NFL . "  But again , that is the other reason for putting two games in London -- we are trying to build that fan base in London . We welcome the fans coming from other parts of Europe . "  But this is a way to really build that fan base right now in London , which will be critical if you did have a franchise there . " Capital attraction According to Goodell , NFL teams are clamoring to visit London as they bid to spread the word about their teams and their cities , attract new fans and to tap into potentially lucrative new revenue streams . Minnesota Vikings owner Mark Wilf said his team 's clash with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2013 would offer acute exposure of "  Minnesota 's impressive business community and tourism industry , " as well as offering the franchise 's Europe-based fans a chance to see the team in action . But Chadwick says it will be difficult for the NFL to fully infiltrate a country that has a fervent following of its major three sports -- soccer , cricket and rugby -- because of its intrinsically American nature . "  The NFL is one of those sports that is deeply socio-culturally embedded -- it is quintessentially American , which means it only has limited appeal outside its core markets , in much the same way as a sport like cricket , " he said . "  Attendances for NFL games in cities like London have been healthy and are likely to generate a financial return for the NFL . Yet how sustainable such revenue streams might be across a season are open to question . "  Hence , games in overseas territories are about building a fan base with a view to generating long-term financial return . The sustainability of sports such as the NFL requires both a culture shift and the implementation of an appropriate strategy . "  The culture shift needs to place in the hearts and minds of potential customers ; the strategy needs to acknowledge that a different approach to the marketing the NFL in the UK is needed compared to the United States . " A need for new markets New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is certainly a fan of the idea , as his outfit prepare for their second visit to Wembley . In quotes on the NFL 's international website , Kraft says the game is in danger of "  tapping out " in the States due to increased popularity . "  If you look at the last Super Bowl in this past season , we had over 180 million people watching -- that 's almost two-thirds of America , " he said . "  So for us to grow the game , we have to expand globally . I think I said that the last time we were over here in 2009 and before this next decade is out , I hope we have a team here . "  I think that would be right for the NFL and this fan base has proven they deserve it . " The NFL is n't the only U.S. sport to travel to Europe in search of greater riches . The NBA staged its first regular season game in London in March 2011 -- the 16th it has played on foreign soil in countries such as Japan and Mexico . The NHL has also dipped its toe in the Thames , holding the first regular season match in 2007 . International competition It 's not just American sports seeking worldwide expansion , but some of these plans have n't gone down as well as the NFL 's proposal . Soccer club Barcelona , for example , refused to play the preseason Super Cup in Beijing , despite the Spanish league having signed a deal with a Chinese promoter . Barca said China was too far away for club members who might want to attend the game , though it did acknowledge China represents an "  attractive market . " There was a strong backlash against the idea of a 39th English Premier League match to be held overseas when the possibility was mooted several years ago , as domestic fans bridled at the prospect that administrators might tamper with their beautiful game . But Italian sides Juventus and Napoli had no such qualms , as they contested the Italian Super Cup in Beijing 's Bird 's Nest Stadium back in August . Chadwick added : "  Increasingly , it is a trend for sports to take their domestic games abroad , from Italian football 's Super Cup , to Formula One with races in places like India . The long-term sustainability of some sports increasingly appears to be dictated by an ability to successfully internationalize and globalize . "  The Premier League clubs already do this themselves ; the Premier League trophy has been held in Asia , and UEFA market the Champions League heavily in other countries . "  Nevertheless there is a sense of inevitability about the previously mentioned 39th game that it will return to the agenda sometime soon . "  For the Premier League to compete with other sporting properties , it will be looking at overseas markets and how best to take advantage of the opportunities they potentially present . "	NFL returns to Wembley on Sunday as New England Patriots play St. Louis Rams It is the sixth regular season game to be played in London since 2007 NFL commissioner raises prospect of a London-based NFL franchise in future Other sports also following U.S. lead by taking matches around the globe
CNN  -- Billy Pettiford could study at 30,000 feet in an airplane and he could study at sea level on a bus . He could study in a hotel room or in a locker room . He could study wedged into a seat in a waiting area at an airport , and he could study on a table top at a fast-food restaurant . Pettiford , who was a senior basketball player at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis  IUPUI  , studied on trips between Indiana and Oklahoma and Indiana and Louisiana and he studied in the hills of the Dakotas . Cracking a book in the stacks at the his college library would have been a luxury because there were weeks during the school year that Pettiford was gone from campus Wednesday to Sunday . He does not recommend the grind . "  You really had to apply yourself on those trips to keep your head above water , " said Pettiford , who will have a degree in sports management when he finishes an internship this summer at the Indiana Sports Commission . "  Basically , you better learn to be a teacher and teach yourself . You can miss a lot of class time in-season with athletics . " IUPUI has a thicker frequent-flier portfolio than many schools , but the Jaguars are not the only athletes with study hall at 30,000 feet . Boston College travels to Miami for competition in the Atlantic Coast Conference ; Louisiana Tech has league games in Hawaii and Boise , Idaho . East Carolina has a league opponent in Houston , Texas . Now that Nebraska is going to the Big Ten , its athletes will make their way from Lincoln to State College , Pennsylvania , a journey of 1,072 miles . When the latest round of expansion talks in college athletics was being discussed , student athletes ' welfare and the travel burden was not , so to say , driving the discussion . But those who work with athletes to keep their grades up insist the simultaneous pressures of academia and athletics can be crushing . "  A lot of the conferences are being realigned because of the commercial market for football , " said Amy Perko , the Executive Director of the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics , which is watchdog on college athletics . "  The financial decisions need to be made with an eye toward how they impact the university and all student athletes . What may work with football because football games are on a Saturday may not work for the other 16 sports . " Nebraska is quitting the Big 12 to join the Big Ten because the Cornhuskers can increase the revenue for their athletic department . Officials at the University of Texas said travel considerations for athletes played a role in the university 's decision to turn down an invitation to join the Pac-10 Conference , which would include trips to the Northwest . But many observers feel student athletes ' welfare had little to do with the decision and UT would have bolted the Big 12 if financial concessions to Texas has not been made . "  I had teammates where points were taken off their grade for attendance , which meant they had to do better on the tests to make up for the points they lost for attendance , " Pettiford said . "  You are missing quite a bit of classroom lecture time and what you rely on is some older guys who have taken some of those classes to help you . " "  It was a lot of lecture , there were not a lot of passed - out notes . You could look at somebody 's notes , but it is not the same as being there and hearing it and writing it down . I got a C + , but it was tough . " Pettiford 's mother , Lynn Howard , said she talked to her son every day by phone when he traveled , but did not nag him about school work -- until he got back to Indianapolis from a trip . "  I would ask him when he got back if things were taken care of , and they were , " she said . "  He never complained about it ; he learned early that if he wanted to play , studies come first . I do n't think people have any idea what they have to go through with the travel and keeping up . " Dr. Ed Etzel , a psychologist and professor at West Virginia University who has worked with student athletes , said the rigors of travel take their toll . "  Even for the best , most motivated and well-organized students , it can be challenging to deal with trying to be excused from classes , do work in advance or make up work , studying on the road in a bus , in airplane , airport or hotel , " Etzel said . "  The focus of these trip is to be preparing for , participating in , and subsequently recovering from physically and psychologically demanding competitions . "  It is particularly challenging when travel and competition is during weekdays -- something that is quite common . " When Georgia Tech played a Thursday night football game at Miami last season , the Yellow Jackets left campus after classes on Wednesday , missed classes on Thursday , and returned to campus Friday morning at 1:30 a.m. . That is not a friendly schedule at a rigorous academic school like Tech , especially for offensive lineman Sean Bedford , an aerospace engineering major . "  I had a professor in my major , an older gentleman , who did n't quite understand that I was going to miss his class on a Thursday for a football game , he did n't understand the priority , " Bedford said . "  Losing a day of class at a place like Tech can be tough , so you have to utilize your down time in the hotel . I do n't know how the basketball guys do it with so many midweek games . We 'll come back from one of those Thursday night games and just be physically exhausted . We have one of those Thursday games at Virginia Tech this season and I have a -LSB- experimental fluid dynamics -RSB- lab that day . It 's something you have to plan for . " It is , after all , rocket science .	College basketball player Billy Pettiford studies on planes , buses , airports , hotels Say he learned to "  apply yourself on those trips to keep your head above water " Teammates had to do better on tests because they lost points missing classes Georgia Tech football player tells of having game , fluid dynamics lab on same day
Wilmington , Delaware  CNN  -- A parking lot attendant in Wilmington described a strange encounter with a former Pentagon official , just two days before his body was discovered in a Delaware landfill . Iman Goldsborough told CNN on Wednesday that a man she later recognized as John P. Wheeler wandered into the parking garage where she works on December 29 around 6:40 p.m. , disheveled and carrying a shoe in one hand . " ` I 'm not drunk , I 'm not drunk , ' " Goldsborough quoted Wheeler as saying . The man , who was n't wearing a coat despite temperatures in the 30s , could n't remember where he had parked his car , and said his briefcase had been stolen , she recounted . Goldsborough said she does n't think his car was parked in that garage , because she had never seen him before and she knows most of her customers . Two days later , police say , Wheeler 's body was found in Wilmington 's Cherry Island Landfill . Goldsborough said when she saw the news reports about his death , she recognized him as the man she had spoken with that night . A man whom police identified as Wheeler was recorded by security cameras in an office building in downtown Wilmington as late as 8:30 p.m. December 30 , the day before his body was discovered , according to a police statement Wednesday . He appeared confused , the statement said . The man had been approached earlier that day by several people who police say had offered him assistance , which the man declined , according to the statement . An area newspaper , The News Journal , reported in its online edition that Wheeler walked into a pharmacy in New Castle , asking for a ride to Wilmington at 6 p.m. December 29 . Pharmacist Murali Gouro , who had filled prescriptions for Wheeler in the past , said he offered to call a taxi , which the former Pentagon official declined , the website reported . Gouro told CNN the report was accurate but would not confirm the details of his alleged encounter . Authorities want to hear from anyone who might have seen Wheeler on Thursday , and they 're actively searching for the crime scene . "  If we can find the location where this happened -- that will lead us hopefully to the killer , " said Newark Police Lt. Mark Farrall . He said police are also working with Amtrak officials in an effort to determine whether Wheeler had been on a train from Washington to Wilmington that he had been scheduled to take near the time of the death . Wheeler , 66 , of New Castle , was a West Point graduate , an advocate for Vietnam veterans and the first chairman of Mothers Against Drunk Driving . He had served in the past three Republican administrations . Farrall said Wheeler 's body was seen jutting out of a garbage truck Friday at the landfill by a spotter whose job it is to ensure that hazardous material is not dumped there . Police believe Wheeler 's body was most likely picked up by the truck at one of the first of 10 specially designated trash bin pickup spots before heading to the landfill . Police have asked a car dealership and a Goodwill store listed as "  locations of interest " for any surveillance videos in which their garbage bins are visible , according to those businesses . "  We are cooperating fully with the Newark Police Department regarding our surveillance tapes of our Dumpster , " said Mike Childers , a manager at Newark Toyota . "  Beyond that , I can not go any further . " Wheeler 's vehicle has turned up in a different parking garage near Wilmington 's Amtrak station , Farrall said . Police in the city of Newark , about 12 miles south of Wilmington , are the lead investigators in the case , but detectives are consulting with the FBI , Farrall said Tuesday . Wheeler worked in the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush . He served as a special assistant to the secretary of the Air Force from 2005 to 2008 . While in the Army , he served as a staff officer in Vietnam and later as head of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund . Wheeler also worked as a part-time consultant for the MITRE Corporation , a not-for-profit organization that provides systems engineering , research and development and information technology support to the federal government . He had been been working on promoting discussions about cyberdefense between governments , industry and academia , according to a company statement . "  At this time our thoughts are with his family , " said spokesman Jennifer Shearman in the statement . As authorities dig into Wheeler 's background , Farrall said , an apparent dispute between Wheeler and a neighbor is being looked at as "  one facet of the investigation . " Wheeler 's attorney , Bayard Marin , told CNN that his client had been involved in a lengthy legal fight with a couple building a new home across the street in a historic district of New Castle , about six miles south of Wilmington . Wheeler had adamantly opposed the new construction . The dispute may have become contentious , but "  I ca n't recall a confrontation , " Marin said . "  Everything seemed to be kept within normal bounds . " Wheeler 's family has said they wo n't comment on his death and asked for privacy . But veterans ' advocates offered statements of praise for the former official . "  It is only fitting that we pause now and remember Jack Wheeler , who served his country honorably , then dedicated himself to ensuring that our nation 's service members are always given the respect they deserve , " said Jan Scruggs , president of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund . What Wheeler "  cared about was civic values and civic virtue , " wrote James Fallows , national correspondent for The Atlantic magazine and a longtime friend . "  He was a complicated man of very intense  and sometimes changeable  friendships , passions , and causes . ... I feel terrible for his family and hope they will eventually find comfort in knowing how many important things he achieved . " CNN 's Sarah Hoye , Susan Candiotti , Deborah Feyerick , Sheila Steffen and Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	Police work with Amtrak to determine if John P. Wheeler rode train before his death Wheeler worked part-time as consultant for MITRE Corp. in cyberdefense Wheeler walked into a pharmacy asking for a ride on December 29 , media say Police say Wheeler was recorded by a security camera December 30
CNN  -- Every politician in America declares concern for the economic crisis of the middle class . But to truly help the middle class , we must take on our nation 's exploding economic inequality . Consider two basic facts : Between 1979 and 2007 , the top 1 % of households captured almost 60 % of all income growth in the U.S. , yet median wage growth in the 2000s has been flat . In his Kansas speech on the economy this month , President Obama described the growing inequality as the "  defining issue of our time . " He urged America to avoid a race to the bottom and instead to create good , well-paying jobs . The president laid out a series of important steps to restore fairness by repairing the tax and regulatory system , but these strategies are not enough . Nor is improving education ; that 's obviously important , but it will take many years to have an impact . To make a significant difference for working men and women today and the generations who follow , we must directly take on the unfairness of the job market . The distribution of economic rewards is driven by the jobs people hold , and we have allowed job quality to deteriorate for far too many for far too long . How do we know that a lack of job quality contributes to growing inequality ? At the bottom of the labor market , 20 % of adults in the U.S. today work in jobs that pay poverty wages , wages that would not raise a family of four above the poverty line , even with full-time , year-round work . Farther up the ladder , jobs have been disassembled . It used to be that a skilled job , either white - or blue-collar , paid decently , provided reasonable benefits and offered security . We left that reality behind long ago . Only about half of jobs in the U.S. today provide pensions . Job security has eroded ; many who are laid off face a substantial risk of falling into poverty . Even if laid-off workers are lucky enough to find new jobs , they are forced to take a 20 % pay cut , according to my calculations using Census surveys . Being skilled no longer earns decent pay , benefits or security . Any serious effort to address the travails of the middle class must include taking on the challenges of making the job market more fair . But even as politicians lambast Wall Street and propose making taxes more fair , they avoid the challenge of improving job quality . What would that take ? For those earning poverty wages , the answer is to raise standards and to enforce them . Today 's minimum wage is more than $ 3 below its value in 1968 , after accounting for inflation . Today , too many employers avoid paying overtime to employees who have earned it , and effective enforcement of the law to avoid this wage theft is important . A stronger voice for workers , such as unions , can improve economic outcomes , but the law today is stacked against union organizing . For people still clinging to decent jobs , the challenge is more complicated . We need a new social contract -- between employers and employees . In the past , when many American firms did well , they shared profits and productivity gains with their employees . That is no longer the standard . In the past , CEOs were praised if they showed a commitment to their work forces , if they saw human capital as their key competitive asset . That , too , has changed . We can not return to the placid labor market of the 1950s and '60s , but we can certainly rekindle a sense of mutual commitment and fairness . What will it take to begin to do all this ? Leadership is critical to the solution . Our political and business leaders need to step up . There are plenty of examples of firms that respect their work forces , from Southwest Airlines to SAS software , and their model should be emulated . But it would be naÃ ¯ ve to think that purely voluntary action and exhortation will turn the tide . For a real shift , we need real policy initiatives . These include increased public support for deepening training , investments in the human capital of the work force , which can come via the tax code and well-designed public-private training programs . Also important are modernized regulations that would make it difficult for employers to use subcontractors in occupations such as building cleaners or security guards and by doing so avoid responsibility for employees who work at their site . Giving employees an even playing field in deciding whether they want to be represented by a union can also make a big difference . In addition , governments can set an example by paying attention to the employment terms of firms that receive government contracts and to which local , state and federal governments contract out services . Even in the current economy , we can afford to make these choices . And if we want to rebuild a strong middle class , we can not afford to postpone them . The inequality that has steadily grown over the past three decades ca n't be solved with a quick fix . But until we focus on job quality , we can not expect any significant progress . Improving the quality of jobs for most Americans over time is the best way to meet the growing popular demand for economic fairness . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Paul Osterman .	America 's exploding economic inequality threatens middle class , says Paul Osterman A lack of job quality contributes to growing inequality , he says Osterman says that 20 % of U.S. adults work in jobs that pay poverty wages Until we focus on job quality , we can not expect any significant progress , he says
Moscow  CNN  -- The lower house of the Russian parliament gave preliminary approval Friday to START , a nuclear arms reduction treaty between Russia and the United States . The State Duma voted 350-58 in favor of the accord Friday . It needed 225 votes to pass . Two more readings are required before the treaty can go to the upper house of parliament , the Federation Council , for consideration . The first of those two readings will happen in mid-January . The U.S. Senate approved the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or New START , by a 71-26 vote on Wednesday . The treaty is considered a critical component of nuclear non-proliferation efforts and the Obama administration 's attempt to "  reset " relations between the United States and Russia . It would resume inspections of each country 's nuclear arsenal while limiting both the United States and Russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers . The accord "  will strengthen our country 's security  and  international stability , consolidate the non-proliferation regime , and become an additional factor encouraging positive trends both in our relations with the U.S. and on the international arena in general , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said during the debate that preceded the vote . Lavrov , however , criticized a resolution passed by the U.S. Senate stating that treaty should not be interpreted in a way that could restrict the development of America 's missile defense system . The resolution , which references language in the treaty 's preamble highlighting the link between strategic offensive and defensive weapons , "  is a random interpretation of the principles and norms of international law , " Lavrov asserted . "  This treaty must be adopted in full , without any exemptions , " Lavrov said . "  The link between strategic offensive and defensive weapons was documented in a legally binding form . " President Barack Obama , who recently called the treaty "  the most significant arms control agreement in nearly two decades , " discussed the accord with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev during a phone conversation on Thursday . "  President Medvedev congratulated President Obama on the Senate 's approval of the new START Treaty , and the two leaders agreed that this was an historic event for both countries and for U.S.-Russia relations , " a White House statement said . The pact "  will enhance our leadership to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and seek the peace of a world without them , " Obama added . The U.S. Senate 's approval of the treaty gave Obama a key victory on what has been considered one of his top foreign policy priorities . The treaty will "  serve as the basis of our security in the coming years , " Medvedev said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	NEW : Lavrov criticizes a Senate resolution meant to protect U.S. missile defense plans The lower house of the Russian parliament has approved START The treaty , between the U.S. and Russia , would reduce nuclear weapons The U.S. Senate approved the treaty this week
CNN  -- A tsunami warning was canceled Friday for Vanuatu , the Solomon Islands and New Caledonia in the Pacific Ocean when the threat from a 7.2-magnitude earthquake had passed . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued the warning early Friday when the quake struck near the island of Vanuatu , saying that an earthquake of that size "  has the potential to generate a destructive tsunami that can strike coastlines in the region near the epicenter within minutes to hours . " There were no reports of serious damage or injuries . The earthquake was 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  deep , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Its epicenter was 215 kilometers  135 miles  from Luganville , Vanuatu . It struck at 4:14 a.m. Friday  1:14 p.m. Thursday ET  , the USGS said . The USGS initially classified the quake as a 7.6 - magnitude , but later downgraded it .	Warning canceled for Vanuatu , Solomon Islands and New Caledonia Warning was issued after 7.2-magnitude earthquake hit near island of Vanuatu There were no reports of serious damage or injuries from the quake
President Barack Obama is set to close a week jam-packed with news of a breakthrough with Cuba and new tensions with North Korea on Friday with a 1:30 p.m. EST news conference . Just weeks removed from huge Democratic losses in the midterm elections , Obama 's allies say he appears liberated -- taking executive actions to overhaul immigration rules , thaw the United States ' economic and diplomatic freeze with Cuba and more . Here are some of the questions Obama will likely face as he confronts the press one more time before he heads to Hawaii for what 's left of 2014 : Did November 's election result liberate you ? A President derided as overly cautious for much of the last six years -- especially since the Republican wave of 2010 -- is suddenly no longer hesitant to use every lever the Oval Office has to offer . He 's brokered a diplomatic breakthrough with Cuba , halted deportations for more than 4 million undocumented workers , green-lit Environmental Protection Agency restrictions on ozone emissions , endorsed net neutrality and extended talks with Iran to curtail its nuclear program . And that 's just been in the first six weeks since Democrats lost the Senate . With no more potential election results weighing on his actions , does Obama suddenly feel like he 's free to be the President he 's always wanted to be ? Republicans scoff at this notion -- and they 're working quickly to curb Obama 's executive authority . Dozens of states are challenging his immigration action in court , while Congress is plotting to defund him on immigration and block parts of his Cuba deal . The strength of Obama 's resistance on Capitol Hill wo n't come fully into view until new lawmakers take office in January . Was this the push Cuba needed to embrace democracy ? Republicans like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio blasted Obama 's deal to free American contractor Alan Gross , trade three Cuban spies for one American spy imprisoned in Cuba and ease a host of U.S. banking and travel restrictions and open an embassy in Havana in exchange for the release of 53 political prisoners and expanded Internet access . Their criticism : Obama just gave away the United States ' best leverage to force Cuba to abandon communism and embrace human rights , democracy and a greater connection to the outside world . He responded by pointing out those tactics had n't worked in the 50 years since the embargo . What was Obama 's calculation on what this deal would mean for Cuba 's future ? What 's the next campaign pledge you 'll use your executive authority to fulfill ? Obama was widely mocked during the 2008 campaign for promising to engage directly , without preconditions , with the leaders of the United States ' enemies . And yet his Cuba deal , negotiated in secret for more than a year , shows Obama carrying through on that promise . Obama has just two years left in office to tackle a long list of complicated issues that played prominent roles in his 2008 and 2012 campaigns . Will he finally close Guantanamo Bay ? Will his approach to the international stage change now that election results are n't riding on how his moves are portrayed ? Russia 's economy is tanking , but Vladimir Putin is n't backing down . What 's next ? Russia 's ruble has tumbled to historic lows , and its central bank raised its interest rate to a stunning 17 percent this week -- a downturn due to dropping oil prices and harsh Western sanctions on the country 's oligarchs and its banking , energy and defense industries imposed as a result of the country 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . So Russian President Vladimir Putin could have sent signals that he is willing to back off . Instead , he used a three-hour long news conference Thursday to compare Russia to a "  bear " that the United States and its European allies are trying to chain down before ripping out its "  teeth and claws . " Obama and his top economic advisers have long insisted that the pressure of Western sanctions will grow over time -- and there 's only so much Russia 's economy can take . But Putin continues to resist that characterization . Is a breaking point coming soon ? And if not , what will the United States and European countries do to further pressure Putin ? RELATED : Obama and Putin : From frosty to frozen What does North Korea 's Sony hack -- and Sony 's decision to pull a film 's release as a result -- say about America ? The Obama administration is set to place the blame on North Korea for hacking into Sony 's computers and threatening attacks on theaters that show "  The Interview , " a movie that depicts the cartoonish assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Sony subsequently decided to halt the film 's planned release . Obama could be asked whether Sony was wrong to pull the movie -- and whether it 's troubling that a major company was so easily cowed . He could also face questions about whether there 's the Sony hack will build momentum in Congress for cybersecurity legislation that would increase data sharing between companies and the U.S. government . Other similar questions : Is Sony 's vulnerability an ominous sign for other corporate giants , the government , financial services institutions and more ? Are cyber attacks akin to acts of violence ? What can the United States do to better defend itself against future attacks ?	President Barack Obama has a year-end press conference scheduled for Friday afternoon He is sure to face questions on Cuba , cybersecurity and Russia Obama and family will depart for their Hawaii vacation Friday night
They had been in Nepal for a week trying to reach Thorong La Pass , 17,769 feet above sea level , when they were caught in a snowstorm , unable to make it to the nearest village . Avalanches roared down the mountain . Jeremy Aerts and his girlfriend May Wong pressed on : Extreme hiking enthusiasts , they had committed to making it all the way through . For some people , the idea of facing such obstacles -- especially voluntarily -- seems crazy . And yet many in the extreme hiking community would n't have it any other way . The new film "  Wild , " based on the memoir by Cheryl Strayed , chronicles a grueling solo hike along 1,100 miles of the Pacific Crest Trail , on the border with Mexico , after Strayed 's divorce and the death of her mother . The movie , which hits theaters Friday , might encourage more travelers to try extreme hiking . Aerts , 30 , a GIS analyst from Pittsburgh , describes that night in Nepal this past spring as the closest he has ever been to death . Despite being unable to see 10 feet ahead of them , Aerts and Wong continued . "  At one point the wind was so strong it knocked me off my feet , " said Aerts . "  We had to break into an abandoned cabin just before dark to spend the night with our guide and another trekking group . " The payoff came the next day when the couple reached the tiny village of Muktinath , surrounded by Himalayan peaks . "  It was one of the most beautiful places I 've ever had the chance to see , " he said . And that , in a nutshell , is why Aerts hikes . "  I love the sense of adventure and challenge that it presents , " he said . "  I like the idea of never really knowing what to expect around the next corner . " Mohit Samant , a 27-year-old software engineer from Kansas City , Kansas , got a similar feeling about hiking when he visited Guatemala a year ago in his most memorable of many hikes . He had half a mind to quit midway through his hike through the Pacaya volcano due to the incredibly steep terrain , but the hikers with him motivated him to continue to the top . Ultimately , he said it was the best hiking excursion he has done . He was able to admire views of three other nearby volcanoes : Agua , Fuego and Acatenango , making the whole experience -- three hours on foot -- well worth it . Besides the surge of adrenaline , these adventures pay off with some amazing photo ops . Check out the gallery to see more photos you can only take on extreme hikes .	Extreme hikers seek thrills and extraordinary views They often face challenges due to weather or terrain Jeremy Aerts : "  I like the idea of never really knowing what to expect around the next corner "
A recent search of the home of George Zimmerman 's girlfriend uncovered five weapons , including an AR-15 , and more than 100 rounds of ammunition , court documents filed Monday show . Zimmerman , acquitted in the death of Trayvon Martin this year , was arrested last week at the home , which he shares with his girlfriend , on suspicion of his having pointed a shotgun at her . He was released on bail and has entered a plea of not guilty . A search of the home turned up three handguns , a 12-gauge shotgun , a rifle and 106 rounds of ammunition , including two AR-15 magazines , according to a search warrant . Three handgun holsters , a pack of gum , a religious pendant , a flashlight , a pocket knife , sanitizing wipe , a soft-sided gun case and a combination lock were also recovered during the search . At the time of his arrest , Zimmerman had two cell phones . An affidavit , filed Monday , says he told authorities he recorded the altercation with his girlfriend on his cell phone . The Florida judge that set his bail put numerous conditions on it : -- Zimmerman can not go to two Florida addresses . -- He can not have contact with the accuser , Samantha Scheibe . -- He can not possess weapons . -- He must wear a monitoring device . -- He can not travel outside Florida . Zimmerman fatally shot Martin in the Sanford neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person and he said he shot Martin , 17 , in self-defense . Zimmerman was acquitted by a six-person jury in July on second-degree murder and manslaughter charges . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law .	Authorities search the home Zimmerman shared with his girlfriend , Samantha Scheibe Five weapons , including an AR-15 , and more than 100 rounds of ammunition are found Zimmerman was arrested last week on suspicion of pointing a shotgun at his girlfriend He is out on bail and has entered a plea of not guilty
Seoul  CNN  -- Watching the public execution of his mother and older brother , Shin Dong-Hyuk thought the punishment was just . They had planned to escape the North Korean labor camp they were being held in until Shin overheard them and reported them to the prison guards . Just 14-years old , Shin says he felt no guilt in condemning them to death . One of the very few North Koreans to be born inside one of the brutal prison camps , he says the concept of family that exists in the outside world did not exist in Camp 14 . ` Escape from Camp 14 ' a true North Korea survival story "  I had never felt that kind of attachment and love that people outside of prison camps feel towards them , " he told CNN . "  So they were just one of many criminals in a prison camp . " Those , like Shin , who have tried to escape a North Korean political or hard labor camp and have survived to tell the tale , talk of starvation , torture , betrayal and executions . By informing on others , many say inmates could hope for more food or less beatings . Horrific heart-breaking accounts of being quite literally worked to death have emerged over recent years . But the camps continue and Pyongyang still refuses to acknowledge their existence . South Korea 's government is trying to officially document the atrocities for the first time , collecting disturbing firsthand accounts from those who have managed to make it to South Korea , including Shin who got out in 2004 . A 381-page report from the National Human Rights Commission of Korea is based on the testimony of 278 defectors has recently been published with names of prison guards who carried out torture or executions . "  We felt a necessity to systematically manage the examples of human rights violations , this can be used as preliminary data for compensation by the country after unification , " said Lee Young Ken , head of the Commission 's North Korean department . "  This could also psychologically put pressure on North Korean officials who will definitely be able to see this compilation . " Human rights group Amnesty International believes up to 200,000 prisoners are being held "  in horrific conditions in six sprawling political prison camps . " In its annual human rights report released last week , it said , "  The combination of hazardous forced labor , inadequate food , beatings , totally inadequate medical care and unhygienic living conditions , resulted in prisoners falling ill , and a large number died in custody or soon after release . " Amnesty : World 's leaders let protesters down These camps have been used by the Kim dynasty for years to crush political dissent . Amnesty believes they have been in existence since the 1950s . One defector , who wanted to be identified only as Kim as he has family members still inside North Korea , told CNN inmates face a slow and painful death . He was sent to a labor camp for a year and a half after being caught crossing into China . "  We received 120 grams of rotten corn for daily food . So many people with the same year and a half sentence as me did n't survive their term and died of hunger . " Kim describes seeing many of his fellow inmates die and having to bury them on a nearby hill . The only hill , he said , where flowers grew well due to the large numbers of decaying bodies beneath the ground . "  When I went to bury my friend , I found the hole was too small , " he said . "  When I asked why , the guy said there was no more room to make a bigger hole . When I dug up the ground with my shovel , I saw about four layers of bodies and human bones . " Kang Chol-Hwan is now a journalist in South Korea , a world away from his previous life where he spent ten long years in a prison camp . Sent at the age of nine as his grandfather fell out of favor with the elite , he says he almost died three times from malnutrition and exhaustion . He remembers being forced to eat mice , insects and grass to stay alive . "  It was like Hitler 's Auschwitz concentration camp , not as large and there is a difference in the way people are killed . Hitler gassed people , Kim Jong Il sucked the life out of people through starvation and forced labor . " Kim Jong Un took over from his late father in December 2011 and appears to have changed nothing in the political prison camps . Amnesty says North Korea 's State Security Agency detained over 200 officials in January this year , part of an apparent power succession plan . It says some were feared executed , the rest sent to the camps .	S. Korea 's National Human Rights Commission documenting abuses in N. Korean labor camps The report is based on the testimony of 278 defectors , who described torture , starvation , deaths Pyongyang refuses to acknowledge their existence , despite Amnesty reports of 200,000 inmates The camps have been used by the Kim dynasty for years to crush political dissent
CNN  -- It has become a commonplace that it is hard to comprehend the disaster in Haiti . If so , and if we hope to provide Haitians with anything like the help that they need , then we must understand where our minds fail us . One problem that we do not yet face is having our compassion numbed by the sheer magnitude of the calamity . Indeed , it has evoked a deep visceral response , as we see graphic images of individual suffering on a background of mass devastation . When our local tea store is devoting 20 percent of sales to relief and cell phone donations keep pouring in , the scope of the tragedy is mobilizing , not paralyzing . The threat to our compassion comes , rather , from feeling ineffective . We risk that failure if we can not grasp the realities facing Haiti . Here , we face two deep mental challenges . One is that we must struggle to comprehend how many interdependent threads of Haiti 's social fabric have been ripped apart . People lost family , friends and communities in an instant . Children were orphaned in a nation already struggling to care for many orphans . Hospitals , factories and government agencies disappeared . Essential aid organizations lost brave people and resources . Communications and transportation were ruined , including the port that brings almost all goods into the nation . Here , imagining ourselves in the Haitians ' plight might help . Can we imagine trying to recover , if our country faced the most massive disaster in its history , without work , food , medicine , transportation , commerce or government ? The second challenge is that our minds also struggle to reason quantitatively about events beyond our normal experience . Here , a back-of-the-envelope calculation might help . Assume , plausibly , that everything that 3 million Haitians need must be brought in from outside their country for a period of time . Assume that each Haitian needs 5 pounds of goods per day  food , water , medical supplies , soap , cooking fuel , the gasoline needed to distribute these supplies and more  . Assume that everything must be flown in  at least until the port can be reopened  . That means 15 million pounds  7,500 tons  of airfreight per day . If a cargo plane can carry 75 tons , then that means 100 flights per day , or one plane landing every 15 minutes , then having its goods unloaded and distributed to victims across the country . One way to understand what those numbers mean is by analogy . The Berlin Airlift was another crisis that required a massive mobilization to supply an isolated population in desperate need . Berlin was cut off by a hostile power , rather than by an ocean . It was devastated by war rather than by an earthquake . Its 2 million citizens needed roughly 5,000 tons of goods per day , delivered through limited entry points , over distances comparable to those of Haiti 's island neighbors . The airlift required an unprecedented logistics operation , which Soviet and East German authorities believed impossible . It encountered serious organizational problems in coordinating American forces among themselves and with our allies . It drew resources from other military theaters . It was enormously expensive , in both money and the lives of aviators . In some ways , supplying Haiti is easier . Technology is vastly improved and the world much wealthier . But in other ways , supplying Haiti is even more difficult than the Berlin Airlift . Berlin was occupied territory , under Allied military rule ; while Haiti has little functioning government , and those trying to help are struggling to work out their division of labor . If we are not thinking in terms of an effort as massive and risky as the Berlin Airlift , then we have not gotten our minds around the problem . Unless we grasp the complexity and magnitude of the task , then we may be expecting brave , dedicated relief workers to do the impossible -- and be disappointed when they can not do it all . As a nation , we may fail to support our leaders in providing the sustained resources that the mission requires . If our collective imagination and our sense of history fail us , then we will not achieve the results that our compassion demands -- and will fail Haiti and its people in their long , difficult road to recovery . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Baruch Fischhoff and Kathleen Tierney .	The earthquake devastated Haiti 's families , social networks and economy , authors say They say it 's difficult to conceive of the dimensions of the need The U.S. and others will have to supply essentials of life for a time , they say Authors : In some ways , the aid operation is equivalent to airlift that sustained Berlin in 1940s
London  CNN  -- All eyes in show business will turn to London on Sunday , as the stars of films from Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " to the Bond extravaganza "  Skyfall " gather for the British Academy Film Awards ceremony . The Baftas , as the awards are known , are seen as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars . "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations , while Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " each have nine nods . All three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . "  Argo , " a thriller centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis , last month landed the best film award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Having already won the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln , he is strongly tipped to win an Oscar later this month . If he succeeds , Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . In the Baftas , Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Hathaway " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and Michael Haneke . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " Bafta nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench who plays spy boss M and best British movie . The awards ceremony takes place at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , central London . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The British Academy Film Awards ceremony takes place Sunday Political drama "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations Oscar hopeful Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated to win a best actor award Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock "
Off a main street in Kabul , standing outside a high walled compound is an old Afghan security guard , manning the front gate . Walking towards him is a group of well-dressed students in gray and maroon uniforms -- almost looking out of place in this dusty , garbage-littered , rundown city . Inside are large trees surrounding a deep rose-colored two-storey building , and all you can hear is music . This is the Afghanistan National Institute of Music  ANIM  , which has been up and running for the past two and a half years . It has 141 students , of whom 41 are girls , and half the placements go to children who are street kids or orphans . Officials believe there are 70,000 street kids in Kabul and as many as 600,000 across the country . Three generations addicted to opium In one of the dozen practice rooms on the ground floor is 15-year-old Negin Khpalwak . She lost both her parents several years ago and has been living in an orphanage ever since . She is now one of a handful of students learning to play the sarod -- a traditional Indian instrument that is making a revival in Afghanistan thanks to this school . "  Music is very important to me because it 's my future . It saved me , " she said . "  I want to teach other students , especially young girls . I know my country has a lot of problems but I hope for peace so girls in Afghanistan can do what they dream of doing . " Across the hall in another practice room is 16-year-old Wahidullah Amiri . He 's playing the piano . With a look of determination and purpose he reads the music , his fingers moving across the keys . Listening to him , you would think this teenager had been playing for most of his life . In fact he 'd never touched a piano until two years ago . "  I was working on the street selling plastic bags and chewing gum , " he said . "  My family is very poor . Now I go to school and study music . Something I never thought I would do . " Skateboard school ramps up Afghan dreams The man responsible for turning his life around is the founder of ANIM , Ahmad Samarst . The son of a famous Afghan composer , conductor and musician , Samarst wanted to change lives through the power of music . Though he was born and raised in Kabul , he has very close ties to Australia after seeking asylum there when he fled the Taliban . The Islamic militant movement seized power in 1996 following Afghanistan 's long civil war . While in Australia , Samarst studied music -- receiving his PhD in music from Monash University in Melbourne . His wife and two children still live there . He returns every three months and will be heading back again at the end of the year for his daughter 's wedding . But he says despite his family , his heart is in Afghanistan . When the Taliban fell in 2001 he felt a strong desire to return to his country and rebuild the nation 's rich and vibrant musical culture . Under the Taliban it had virtually been wiped out with a nationwide ban . Music was considered blasphemous , musicians were persecuted and if you were caught playing an instrument , the punishment for this "  crime " was having one of your hands cut off . The Taliban destroyed most instruments during their brutal five-year rule , often using the wood for heating . If the instruments were too big , like a piano , they would blow them up with a grenade so they could carry them out in pieces . A true believer in the healing power of music , Samarst explained his vision for ANIM . "  It was based on the strong belief of the power of music , as a powerful force , which can play a significant role in establishing a civil and just society in post-Taliban Afghanistan . " It took years of planning , lobbying and gathering financial support but finally Samarst had the beginnings of a national music school . After a $ 2 million donation from the World Bank , Samart was suddenly overwhelmed by international interest and funding from foreign ministries , embassies and music schools from Germany , Finland , Denmark , the United States , Britain and India . Samarst said many of the instruments were donated and described the storage rooms upstairs for these valuable pieces as "  treasure troves . " He said they would be the "  envy of many music schools around the world . " As part of the program , he has hired nine international music teachers from the U.S. , Europe , Mexico and India to not only teach the students but also train local Afghan teachers . William Harvey arrived in Kabul two and a half years ago from New York , feeling compelled to act after the September 11 attacks shook the core of his country . He said he had no idea what sort of adventure he was about to embark upon but felt strongly about helping to mend and rebuild a war-ravaged Afghanistan . He is now the conductor of ANIM 's youth orchestra that has just been invited to perform in the U.S. at Washington 's Kennedy Center and New York 's Carnegie Hall in February next year . "  When the people of the world see there are Afghan girls and boys performing side by side that means to a certain extent that we 've won , and that Afghanistan has won , because music is a historical and inalienable part of Afghan culture , and its return is tremendously exciting , " he said . ANIM works very closely with Afghanistan 's Ministry of Education , which is very proud of what the school is achieving . Sarmast believes his greatest achievement is co-education within the school . Boys and girls , side by side , in a country where in some towns , girls still do n't have access to an education . The Taliban made it very clear during its rule that no girls were allowed to go to school -- a rule that is still applied in their heartland in southern Afghanistan . But at ANIM young girls smile and laugh with their male classmates , oblivious to the divisions deep with their society . "  This is a revolution for this country , " he explained . "  These girls are serving as a mother for the entire nation . I 'm very pleased our institute is a mother for the country . " One girl who is passionate about education and her country is 10-year-old Sapna Rehamati . Girls do n't have to wear headscarves inside the school grounds though Sapna puts one on . But instead of wearing it traditionally over her head and wrapped around her shoulders , she ties it together behind her head , at the nape of her neck . With a mischievous grin she explained , "  This is my style . " Asked about the future of the country , this orphaned girl who was n't even born when the Taliban fell from power , said emphatically , "  The Taliban is very bad . Every person has the right to learn . Every child , every human being should have the right to study music . Nobody should interfere in their lives . " Sitting next to her friend Azia on the piano stool , Sapna smiled warmly at her as the two girls hit the keys in time , their little fingers creating the nostalgic sounds of a traditional Afghan tune . When asked what she wants to do when she grows up and graduates from the school , she replied : "  I want to build my country and make Afghanistan a great place . If other people want to build our country I want to work beside them . "	Afghanistan National Institute of Music has been running for the past two and a half years Half the places at the school in Kabul go to children who are street kids or orphans Afghan officials believe there are over 600,000 street children across the country Ahmad Samarst returned to set up the school after fleeing the Taliban
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Days after a prominent Yemeni human rights activist became the first Arab woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize , dozens of women were injured after gangs attacked during a march in her honor , witnesses in the city of Taiz said Monday . Thousands of women gathered in the southern Yemeni city to celebrate Tawakkol Karman 's honor Sunday . Demonstrators also called on the international community to support a revolution in Yemen , witnesses said . At least 38 women were injured by rocks and batons when pro-government gangs attacked at Sunday 's march , said Yasser al-Nusari , a medic in Taiz 's Freedom Square . Abdulhaleem Al-Madashi , a spokesman for the protest movement there , corroborated that account . The Yemeni government did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Abdullah Sabri , a youth activist in Taiz , said that pro-government thugs using batons and rocks attacked . "  It 's a shame to attack women ... . Rocks were randomly thrown directly towards the female marchers , " Sabri said . Female protesters marched in three Yemeni provinces on Sunday -- Taiz , Shabwa and Sanaa . The largest took place in Sanaa where at least 15,000 females marched down the capital 's Cairo Street . In Shabwa , thousands of women also march in support of Karman , calling on the United Nations to impose sanctions against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's ruling family . Prominent Yemeni human rights activist Khalid Al-Anesi , based in Sanaa , received numerous reports of the attacks and injuries in Taiz and holds Saleh 's regime responsible . "  They want to make people afraid to demonstrate , " Al-Anesi told CNN . "  Women heard that Tawakkol Karman had won the Nobel Prize and they wanted to come out to support her winning . Then more women started planning to demonstrate and women had huge marches yesterday in Yemen , " he said . "  During the Taiz march , pro-Saleh gangs attacked women marchers and over 20 were injured . This is a way for Saleh 's government to send a message that women should n't demonstrate . " At Sunday 's march in Taiz , protesters also called on the United Nations to intervene in forcing Saleh to step down from power and repeated a refrain for Saleh to be tried . "  Saleh Saleh will stand trial , " women chanted as they marched for more than three hours , according to witnesses . Government supporters also verbally harassed some female marchers , witnesses said .	NEW : Witnesses : At least 38 women were injured during a march in Taiz Sunday They were marching in support of Nobel prize winner Tawakkol Karman Female protesters marched in three Yemeni provinces on Sunday -- Taiz , Shabwa and Sanaa Human rights activist : The government wants "  to make people afraid to demonstrate "
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Let 's admit it : We all need to feel special sometimes . Well , if you 're a firefighter , scientist or teacher , you should . After all , a new Harris poll indicates that plenty of Americans already think you are . Firefighters have one of the most prestigious jobs , according to a new Harris poll . U.S. adults , according to a recent survey by Harris Interactive , see firefighters , scientists and teachers as the most prestigious occupations while bankers , actors and real estate agents are the least prestigious occupations . The 2007 "  Most Prestigious Occupations " poll measured the public perceptions of 23 professions . Participants were asked to rank these professions as having "  very great prestige , " "  considerable prestige , " "  some prestige , " or "  hardly any prestige at all . " They could also opt not to rank them or say they were n't sure . Sixty-one percent of adults consider firefighters to have "  very great prestige , " making this occupation the most prestigious on the list . Five other occupations were ranked as having "  very great prestige " by over 50 percent of the adults surveyed : Scientists and teachers are considered very prestigious by 54 percent of adults , followed by doctors and military officers , who earn the prestige of 52 percent of Americans , and nurses , whom half of all adults consider very prestigious . Among the least prestigious occupations are real estate brokers , actors and bankers . Only 5 percent of survey participants ranked real estate brokers as very prestigious ; 9 percent gave actors this label , followed by 10 percent for bankers . Accountants , entertainers , stockbrokers , union leaders , journalists , business executives and athletes all also ranked low on the list : Less than 20 percent of adults consider any of the aforementioned occupations to have "  very great prestige . " Consequently , five occupations are perceived to have "  hardly any prestige at all " by at least a quarter of adults : stockbrokers  25 percent  , union leaders  30 percent  , entertainers  31 percent  , real estate brokers  34 percent  and actors  38 percent  . Harris Interactive started conducting its "  Most Prestigious Careers " survey in 1977 and included only 11 professions . The most significant change since the survey 's inception is that , with the exception of teachers and clergy , the perceived prestige of every one of the original 11 occupations has actually decreased over the years . The most drastic drop occurred among scientists , lawyers and athletes , whose prestige dropped by 12 points , 14 points and 10 points , respectively . Clergy members are considered prestigious by a percentage point more of the population than they were 30 years ago , while teachers ' perceived prestige increased by 25 percent . Understandably , the year-to-year changes are less drastic . Scientists ' perceived prestige has n't changed in the last year , and despite a significant jump from 1977 , teachers ' perceived prestige has increased by only two percentage points . Bankers and athletes showed the most drastic drop in prestige : Both are down seven points from last year . The profession that saw the biggest increase in prestige from 2006 was that of farmers , who rose five points . While the survey measures the degree to which certain occupations are considered prestigious , it offers no indication as to why people consider certain occupations more prestigious than others . For more information and to see the complete results of the survey , visit http://www.harrisinteractive.com/ . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Sixty-one percent of Americans say firefighters have prestigious job Teachers , scientists also get high marks in recent Harris poll Bankers , athletes and journalists get low marks
New Delhi  CNN  -- On a recent trip home to India , I heard a German man on my flight remark to another passenger that he 'd taken his son on a tour of a Kolkata slum . I believe the man was well-intentioned -- he wanted his child , accustomed to a comfortable existence , to get a firsthand look at how millions of poor people live . Later , I discovered that slum tours in India are often organized and can cost money . Reality Tours and Travel takes tourists on slum and sightseeing tours in Mumbai . A walking tour of Dharavi , Asia 's largest slum , costs only $ 9 . For about $ 135 , five people get a nine-hour car tour of Dharavi , the red light district of Kamathipura , as well as other more traditional tourist areas . Reality Tours founders say the tours were set up "  primarily to show the positive side of the slums and break down negative stereotypes about its people and residents " who occupy cramped huts in unending stretches of squalor . They say 80 % of their profits go back to local communities through social service programs . That seems like a noble cause , but then I got to thinking about the idea of poverty tours in general -- how it might feel to be a slum-dweller coming face to face with a wealthy visitor gawking at me as though I were an animal in a zoo . Therein lies the debate over such tours . Kennedy Odede , the executive director of Shining Hope for Communities , a social services organization in Kenya , decried poverty tours of Nairobi 's largest slum , Kibera . He wrote in The New York Times that the tours do nothing to alleviate the problem . "  Slum tourism turns poverty into entertainment , something that can be momentarily experienced and then escaped from , " he said . "  People think they 've really ` seen ' something -- and then go back to their lives and leave me , my family and my community right where we were before . " I decided to see for myself . When I was in New Delhi over the winter , I signed up for a walking tour in Paharganj , a neighborhood near the train station that I had always known as seedy . I 'd rushed through it once before in my life , when I had to spend a night after a train was delayed . It 's not unlike the many neighborhoods in Kolkata I know so well . The smell of turmeric and green chiles mixing with that of garbage and urine . It 's a hodgepodge of activity . Women cooking . Men working . Children sleeping out in the open , a swarm of flies covering their unwashed faces . A maze of snaking alleyways and dark , dank corners . And people everywhere , entire families crowded into small rooms , sleeping on one bed . These were sights and sounds familiar to me , and I always considered myself immensely lucky to have lived outside of that world -- lucky , at least , to live in relative comfort . I was curious to see how tour operators presented Indian poverty , especially to foreigners . I picked one run by a nonprofit organization that works to improve the lives of street kids . This way , my money was going toward a good cause . "  This is unlike other poverty tours , " says Poonam Sharma , coordinator of the tours . "  When people start interacting with the children , misconceptions about street life fall away . " I am asked to meet the guide from Salaam Baalak Trust at 10 a.m. Salaam means hello and baalak means child . The tours are conducted by former street kids who were able to improve their lives through the organization . On this day , I am among a handful of people , all foreigners on the City Tour . Our guide is a young man named Iqbal , who has been living on the streets since he ran away from home at 5 . "  Can you guess why a child runs away from home ? " he asks us . "  Poverty , abuse , addiction . And sometimes , they think if they come to the city , they can become a Bollywood star . " The tourists laugh . Iqbal continues and tells his own story . "  My parents used to fight , " he says . "  My father beat me . " So he ran away to the streets of New Delhi . He spent nights terrified , alone and hungry on trains and in stations . He was beaten and abused , he says , by other street dwellers and even by the police . Most of the boys work menial jobs or steal , he tells us . They are deft pickpocketers . Girls , he says , run away because their parents can not afford dowries to get them married , and they do n't want to be a burden to their families anymore . Instead , they come to the city and sell their bodies to eat . The street kids have nowhere to keep their money . They spend whatever they earn , or it 's stolen while they sleep . Iqbal used to work at a recycling center . Out of every 100 rupees  $ 2.25  he earned , 75 went to the gangs who provided security . After that , he worked at a chai  tea  stall and then at a dhaba  roadside eatery  , where he did n't get paid but got something even better : food and shelter . Iqbal leads us from the main road into a lane . He shows us a recycling shop , like the one where he worked , where newspaper and glass bottles turn into money . We wander through the main market in Paharganj , assaulted by a panoply of goods -- handbags , sweaters , pots and pans , pirated CDs and DVDs , refurbished electronics , blankets , shoes . He takes us to one of Salaam Baalak Trust 's shelters next to the bustling train station . We learn a bit of history from him . "  In 1911 , Delhi became the capital of India , " Iqbal says proudly . "  More than 400,000 people pass through this train station every day . " Upstairs from a small police station is a shelter where children can come to rest , eat and get medical attention . Boys of all ages were hanging out that day , glued to a television set . "  Normally , kids do n't trust you , " Iqbal says . "  It is quite difficult to convince them to come to a shelter . " Dr. Vijay Kumar sits behind a stark wooden table with a giant logbook in front of him . He says he treats kids for all sorts of ailments and regularly administers HIV tests . Many children fall into a life of addiction . They sniff glue or burn foil and smoke gecko tails . Next , we make our way to the Salaam Baalak Trust office in Paharganj , passing by a pottery market , where merchants , mostly women , are selling their terracotta wares . The tourists in my group are wide-eyed . They peer down alleys where you can only walk single file . They smile at people who pass us . Photography is forbidden on many parts of the tour . Nor do we stop to speak to any of the residents . We climb up several flights of stairs at the office . A wall of success stories greets the tourists . Sonia works for designer Ritu Kumar . Nitish works for the Delhi metro . And there 's Iqbal , who eventually made his way to one of Salaam Baalak Trust 's shelters and straightened out his life . He studied computers and dreams of becoming a software engineer . Not surprising , I think , for a kid who grew up during India 's information technology boom . Iqbal is 20 now and has not seen his family since that day that he decided to run . He can not even remember where he was from . "  Maybe UP , " he says , referring to neighboring Uttar Pradesh state . He takes us into one of the classrooms . The younger children at Salaam Baalak Trust perform for the tourists . They sing their hearts out ; their smiles are wide . They seem so innocent , like children at my neighborhood day-care center in Atlanta . But they have seen the worst of life . They can never grow up with the sweet naivety that makes childhood carefree . Caitlyn Oleykowski , a student at the University of Pittsburgh , says the City Tour is eye-opening . She came to India to see places such as the Taj Mahal , and although she encountered beggars on the street , she never would have walked through Paharganj by herself . She tells me she has not seen poverty like this before . Through her travels in India , she felt helpless , not knowing whether or how to help . University of Illinois student Ruth Tekeste says she feels inspired by the street kids . Others in the group also tell me that this is an India they might not have otherwise seen . And maybe they were wiser for it , sensitized to problems that can be unimaginable back home . How can that be bad ? There 's no better way to learn about a place , after all , than to experience it . Still , as the foreigners turn in their donations for Salaam Baalak Trust , I ca n't help but think about the day for what it was : a tour of poverty . And hasty , I think . In all of less than two hours , our look at others ' lives is over . The only people I have spoken to are connected to Salaam Baalak Trust and provide a very positive outlook on things . What might Paharganj residents have told us ? We all head back to where we first met Iqbal and scatter in our taxis and auto rickshaws . We escape the slums and return to comfort , leaving Iqbal and thousands of other baalaks on the streets . I think about Iqbal 's parting words . He feels lucky most of the time , though sometimes , he ca n't shed the melancholy that blankets him . That 's something that visitors can not see on the tour . What do you think about the idea of poverty tourism ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The charitable Salaam Baalak Trust runs a city tour in New Delhi Tourists walk through the streets of Paharganj , a poor neighborhood Former street kids act as guides through a maze of congested lanes Poverty tours have sparked controversy
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli military said its forces opened fire on infiltrators while on patrol along the Egyptian border early Tuesday , killing one of them . "  The suspects fired at the soldiers , who returned fire , " a military statement said . "  Most of the suspects fled back to Egyptian territory , " except for the one who died in the exchange . Egyptian security said the shootout involved three Bedouins smuggling tobacco into Israel . "  One armed Bedouin was killed by the Israelis close to Karam Abu Salem crossing ... in North Sinai after Israeli soldiers fired at the men , " according to Gen. Saleh Al Masry , head of North Sinai Security , who also said two others escaped . Border incursions are not unusual along Israel 's border with Egypt . In August , militants crossed into Israel from Egyptian territory to attack civilian targets . Eight Israeli citizens were killed in the attacks , which Israel has said were the work of a jihadist group based in Gaza . Responding to the attacks , Israeli troops killed five Egyptian border guards while in pursuit of the militants . The incident strained relations between the two governments , with Egypt suggesting it was recalling its ambassador in protest . After an investigation , Israel apologized in October for the deaths of the Egyptian policemen . A rare statement of regret was issued in the days following the shootings . The incident also follows this week 's reopening of a an Israeli highway that runs along the border . The road had been closed for safety reasons since the August attacks . "  Wide-scale work was carried out in order to strengthen the defenses of the road , " the Israeli military said . Following the revolution in Egypt and the subsequent increase of instability in the nation 's Sinai peninsula , the Israeli government has accelerated the pace of construction of a steel border fence that will run the 260 kilometers  162 miles  of shared border . Originally proposed as a method of stemming the flow of illegal immigration into Israel , the $ 350 million fence is increasingly being regarded in Israel as a necessary defense against lawlessness and what Israel says is the growing influence of radical Isamist groups operating in the Sinai Peninsula . Construction is expected to be completed by the end of the year . CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : Egypt says three Bedouins were smuggling tobacco Israeli soldiers kill a gunman along the border Militants regularly cross Israel 's border with Egypt Isarel is working on a $ 350 million border fence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's last personal assistant claims concert promoter AEG owes him money because , he says , it was responsible for the pop icon 's death . Michael Amir Williams , one of the people closest to Jackson in the last two years of his life , filed a lawsuit that he hopes other former Jackson employees will join as a class action . The suit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , charges that AEG 's "  acts and omissions brought about the demise of Michael Jackson . " Judge rejects e-mail ban in lawsuit The court filing included a copy of AEG 's contract with Jackson , revealing that the promoter agreed to advance the singer $ 15 million to help him buy a 29-bedroom estate that spreads over 16 acres in Las Vegas . AEG 's lawyer called the suit "  clearly frivolous " since Williams has no legal standing to sue because he was not a party to Jackson 's contract with AEG . "  It is truly unfortunate that so many see Mr. Jackson 's demise as an opportunity to grab as much for themselves as possible , " AEG attorney Marvin Putnam said . "  This is just the latest wrongful death lawsuit with someone hoping to profit from Michael Jackson 's tragic death in the same way they profited from his tragic life . " Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Jackson 's personal physician as he prepared for his "  This Is It " comeback shows , was convicted a year ago of involuntary manslaughter in the pop star 's death . The coroner ruled that Jackson died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol combined with sedatives on June 25 , 2009 -- two weeks before the concerts were to begin in London . The suit contends AEG never paid Jackson 's staff as required in the January 2009 contract with Jackson . "  After the contract was signed and performance begun , Michael Jackson had problems keeping up with the pace of Tour 's rigorous schedule and physical demands , " the lawsuit said . "  In response , AEG , began a series of unreasonable acts and omissions . " E-mails show promoter 's doubts before Jackson 's death The "  acts and omissions " allegedly involved the hiring and supervision of Dr. Murray . "  AEG used Conrad Murray as a tool to further its business purposes and abused the sole discretion given to AEG under  the  contract , " the suit said . The company failed to look at "  Conrad Murray 's qualifications , experience , and medical specialty , " but instead weighed the benefits Murray could bring , including "  managing Michael Jackson so that he could meet all deadlines and timetables AEG set in place , " it said . Testimony at Murray 's trial indicated that Jackson chose him to be his full-time doctor for the tour , but that AEG would pay him . AEG , which is also defending itself in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and three children , denies it was responsible for hiring or supervising Murray . That suit is set to be heard by a jury next April . A judge must decide if the newest lawsuit can be made a class-action suit with other former employees joining . Internal AEG e-mails leaked to a reporter in September include one written by Randy Phillips -- the president of AEG Live -- in March 2009 saying Jackson was "  locked in his room drunk and despondent " the day the pop star was to appear at the O2 Arena to publicly announce the shows . "  I screamed at him so loud the walls are shaking , " Phillips wrote . "  He is an emotionally paralyzed mess riddled with self-loathing and doubt now that it is show time . " The e-mails , published by the Los Angeles Times , indicated AEG executives had major doubts about Jackson 's ability to perform . AEG drops Michael Jackson insurance claim "  We can not be forced into stopping this , which MJ will try to do because he is lazy and constantly changes his mind to fit his immediate wants , " AEG Live executive Paul Gongaware wrote in an e-mail to Phillips . Jackson 's missed rehearsals in June triggered concerns that he was slow in learning his dance routines and would have to lip-sync on stage , the newspaper reported . "  MJ is not in shape enough yet to sing this stuff live and dance at the same time , " one e-mail from the show 's music director read , the paper reported . A production manager wrote : "  He was a basket case . Doubt is pervasive . " A loud warning from show director Kenny Ortega , who worked closely with Jackson on previous tours , came in mid-June , about a week before the star 's death . Ortega wrote to Phillips that Jackson had "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " and suggested they bring a "  top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . " "  It is like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not wanting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state , " Ortega wrote . "  I believe we need professional guidance in this matter . " Ortega testified at Murray 's trial about his concerns about Jackson 's frail condition and missed rehearsals . Those concerns resulted in a meeting six days before Jackson 's death in which Murray assured the promoters he would have Jackson ready for rehearsals that next week . An e-mail from Phillips after that meeting said he had confidence in Murray , "  who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . " "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig , so he  is  totally unbiased and ethical , " Phillips ' e-mail said . A Phillips e-mail sent weeks after Jackson 's death called it "  a terrible tragedy , " but added "  life must go on . " "  AEG will make a fortune from merch sales , ticket retention , the touring exhibition and the film/dvd , " Phillips wrote . AEG Live was allowed to sell Jackson tour merchandise and share in the profits from the documentary "  This Is It , " which was produced from rehearsal video . In 2010 : Jackson 's father accuses AEG of singer 's death	Michael Amir Williams wants other former Jackson staff to join as a class-action suit The lawsuit claims AEG 's "  acts and omissions brought about the demise of Michael Jackson " AEG 's lawyer calls the suit "  clearly frivolous " since Williams has no legal standing to sue AEG 's "  acts and omissions " allegedly involved hiring and supervising of Dr. Conrad Murray
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Shiite Houthi rebels have overrun a tribal stronghold in northern Yemen after weeks of fighting that has left scores dead , tribal leaders said Sunday . Leaders of the Sunni Hashid tribe said Houthi fighters managed to break through their defense lines in the al-Khamri district in Amran . "  Al-Ahmar tribesmen were surrounded by hundreds of Houthi militants who attacked using heavy artillery for seven continuous hours starting last night , " said Ali Al-Suraimi , a leader within the Hashid tribe , referring to Hashid tribal leaders . "  Hundreds of additional Houthi fighters reinforced those attacking the al-Ahmar fighters . They easily outnumbered the al-Ahmar tribesmen and this was key for the Houthis ' success on the ground . " He said the Hashid tribesmen had evacuated their stronghold on Sunday morning . "  The Hashid tribes are expected to regroup , and this is far from over , " Al-Suraimi said . Another Hashid tribal leader echoed this . On Friday , at least 42 people were killed and more than a dozen injured in clashes between Houthi militants and Hashid fighters in Amran province , which is about 30 miles north of the capital , Sanaa , and seen as a linchpin to controlling the region , officials said . President Abdurabu Hadi has dispatched a committee to discuss a cease-fire with Houthi leaders and persuade them to leave the area , according to state-run media . Cease-fire talks Cease-fire negotiations were already under way to put an end to the fighting that has plagued Yemen since late last year , spurred in part by a power vacuum left by the departure of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh . Tensions between the rebel Houthis and the Hashid tribe , which includes Sunni tribesmen and conservative Islamic Salafists , began to rise last October , when the Houthis blamed the Hashid for standing behind the killing of one of their members . At least 240 people from both sides have been killed since the beginning of January in the fighting . Hundreds of civilians have evacuated their towns in Amran . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . Separately on Sunday , Yemeni officials said armed tribesmen kidnapped a German national in Sanaa . Kidnapping has long been a problem in Yemen , with tribes often using foreign nationals as bargaining chips in their dealings with the central government . But the past 24 months have proven even more dangerous for foreigners . CNN 's Roba Alhenawi and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	Shiite militants have been battling Sunni tribesmen in northern Yemen Hashid tribal stronghold was overrun on Sunday morning , tribal leaders say At least 42 people died and more than a dozen were injured in fighting on Friday , officials say Cease-fire negotiations have already been under way
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- As Hurricane Gustav neared Louisiana 's coast Monday morning , forecasters warned that the storm could stall over Louisiana and northeast Texas for several days , which would "  exacerbate the threat of heavy rains and inland flooding . " Water from a canal in New Orleans , Louisiana , floods a road as Hurricane Gustav makes landfall Monday . Southern Louisiana 's barrier islands and coast reported hurricane force winds and heavy rains from Gustav , which was centered about 80 miles south of New Orleans and about 20 miles south-southeast of Port Fourchon , Louisiana , at 8 a.m. CT. . Power went out about 6 a.m. in the western part of downtown New Orleans and in the French Quarter 10 minutes later , CNN correspondents Chris Lawrence and Anderson Cooper reported . The eye of Hurricane Gustav made landfall near Cocodrie , Louisiana , about 9:30 a.m. CT , the National Hurricane Center said . Gustav 's top winds weakened to 110 mph , downgrading it to a Category 2 storm , the hurricane center said . Watch water overflow banks of Industrial Canal " Earlier predictions of a Category 4 storm , which would mean winds of at least 131 mph , and fresh memories of Katrina , which came ashore in 2005 with 127-mph winds , fueled the evacuation of 2 million residents from New Orleans and other parishes . But Gustav never regained the strength lost over Cuba , and by Monday morning hurricane center forecasters said its cloud pattern looked "  a bit more ragged . " Watch New Orleans man explain his sad reason for staying " The latest discussion published by the hurricane center forecasters said computer models show "  Gustav or its remnants slowing to a crawl " over northeast Texas over the next three to five days . "  Such slow motion would exacerbate the threat of heavy rains and inland flooding , " the forecasters said . Watch water spill over canal levee " With hurricane-force winds extending 70 miles from the center , the islands and shoreline are already in reach of Gustav 's fury . Sustained winds of 91 mph and gusts of 117 mph were measured in Southwest Pass , Louisiana , during the 4 a.m. hour , the hurricane center said . CNN 's Ali Velshi was hunkered down in a house on Grand Isle , Louisiana , where only a handful of people remained . When high winds first kicked up about 3:15 a.m. Monday , the barrier island 's electric power went out , Velshi said . A storm surge of at least 14 feet is expected there , he said .	NEW : Eye of Gustav made landfall near Cocodrie , Louisiana , about 9:30 a.m. CT Gustav stalling over northeast Texas would "  exacerbate " inland flooding , warns NHC Hurricane Gustav 's 110 mph winds downgrade it to a Category 2 storm
CNN  -- The United States issued a general travel alert for Americans in Europe on Sunday amid concerns that al Qaeda or related groups plan attacks similar to the 2008 massacre in the Indian city of Mumbai . "  U.S. citizens should take every precaution to be aware of their surroundings and to adopt appropriate safety measures to protect themselves when traveling , " the notice from the U.S. State Department said . "  We continue to work closely with our European allies on the threat from international terrorism , including al Qaeda . " The advisory is not meant to tell Americans to avoid travel , but to take "  common-sense precautions " in case of trouble , Undersecretary of State Patrick Kennedy told reporters Sunday . "  If they see unattended packages or hear loud noises or see something beginning to happen that they should quickly move away from them , " he said . The warning urges them to be cautious in public places like tourist sites and airports or while riding public transportation , and Americans should know how to contact the U.S. Embassy and consider registering their travel plans there , he said . In addition , thousands of U.S. troops based in Germany were placed under a curfew Friday night and were ordered not to wear their uniforms off base , according to an order obtained by CNN . Kennedy said the State Department has issued travel alerts for Europe for "  a variety of reasons " in the past , including the recent eruption of a volcano in Iceland that snarled air travel across the continent . The State Department said worldwide travel alerts have been issued for U.S. citizens in the past , most recently in early September after the pastor of a small Florida church threatened to burn copies of the Quran , the Islamic holy book . Previous alerts were issued after the 2004 al Qaeda bombings of commuter trains in Spain 's capital Madrid and after the 2005 bombings of subway trains and buses in London , England . News emerged last week that Western intelligence officials were looking at information about a possible "  Mumbai-style " attack in cities across Europe , and a British security source said Saturday that intelligence related to such a plot was being looked at very seriously on both sides of the Atlantic . Mumbai , India 's financial hub , was the site of a three-day terror attack in November 2008 that left more than 160 people dead . Ten men launched the carefully planned assault , targeting two major hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . Kennedy would not comment on specific intelligence sparking the report , but said it followed a "  cumulative " process . "  We have been monitoring this carefully for at least several weeks , " he said . Don Hamilton , a former State Department counterterrorism expert told CNN Sunday that the alert is "  about the mildest thing they can say . " "  The State Department is historically extremely cautious about these things , " he said . It does n't want to be accused of failing to warn Americans if they have some information about a possible attack beforehand , but Hamilton said the alert is less severe than a more formal travel warning involving concrete threats . A U.S. official said Saturday that the alert was prompted by the volume of intelligence on possible terror threats , rather than any new intelligence . At the White House , spokesman Nicholas Shapiro said President Barack Obama "  has been following the threat information on a daily basis . " "  From the day we became aware of this latest plot , the president made clear we need to do everything possible to disrupt this plot and protect the American people , " Shapiro said . Sunday 's alert "  is responsive to the president 's direction that we spare no effort , " he said . A senior administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity said Obama met with members of his national security team Friday night and Saturday morning and received another briefing Sunday morning . The official said European allies are "  all in sync " with the United States , "  both in terms of our assessment of the threat as well as our shared conviction that governments have an obligation to keep their citizens informed of terrorist threats . " Several European governments said Sunday that they are not raising their already-high alert levels as a result of the latest reports . The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Sunday that the U.S. advisory was "  in line with the general recommendations that we have addressed to the French population . " "  The indications provided by the U.S. authorities , in particular regarding terrorist threat in Europe are , of course analyzed , cross-referenced and where appropriate included in our national assessment of the threat , which still relies on a series of elements , " the ministry said . "  The terrorist threat remains high in France , the alert level remains unchanged at level red . " Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office changed its travel advisory for British citizens in France and Germany from a "  substantial " threat of terrorism to a "  high " threat , but the FCO said it does not comment on intelligence matters and thus ca n't specify whether the change is related to the U.S. travel alert . Germany 's interior ministry said in a statement that the warning for Americans comes in light of recent threats and that Berlin was informed by the U.S. of the decision to issue the alert . Germany will analyze and evaluate the intelligence data coming in but will not be changing its current threat level at this time , according to the statement . Also , a spokeswoman for Spain 's Interior Ministry told CNN that the country will remain at Level 2 alert , which indicates a "  high , probable risk " of a terror attack . Spain has remained at this stage since January of this year . CNN 's Ed Henry , Elise Labott , Bharati Naik and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	State Department urges "  common-sense precautions " for travelers U.S. and its allies are "  in sync " on alert , White House official says French alert levels wo n't change , foreign ministry says UK changes travel advisory for citizens in France and Germany
CNN  -- Authorities in Arizona said Tuesday they seized 44 firearms , 650 pounds of marijuana , 435 pounds of methamphetamine and $ 7.8 million in cash as part of a sting operation that successfully dismantled an "  extensive " drug-trafficking ring . The operation , dubbed "  Operation Crank Call , " also resulted in more than 200 arrests and the recovery of 123 pounds of cocaine and 4.5 pounds of heroin , Tempe , Arizona , police said in a statement . They worked with detectives from the Phoenix Drug Enforcement Administration during the 15-month investigation , at least a part of which was conducted undercover . "  The success of this operation is a direct result of Law Enforcement agencies working cooperatively toward a common goal . That goal is to rid our communities of organized crime , " Tempe Chief of Police Tom Ryff said in the statement . "  These are sophisticated , criminal enterprises . As Chief of Police , I am committed to working in partnership with the community and other law enforcement agencies to curtail drug trafficking in the City of Tempe and throughout the valley , " he added . Police said the dismantled trafficking ring was linked to the much-feared Sinaloa cartel , which has been blamed for widespread acts of violence across the border in Mexico . In October , Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said that at least 70 suspected drug smugglers with alleged ties to the Sinaloa cartel had been arrested . More than 20 federal , state and local law enforcement agencies were involved in that 17-month investigation , dubbed "  Operation Pipeline Express . "	Authorities seize $ 7.8 in cash and make more than 200 arrests They also recover 650 pounds of marijuana and 435 pounds of methamphetamine The 15-month investigation was dubbed "  Operation Crank Call "
CNN  -- As U.S. President Barack Obama set a January deadline for proposals to deal with gun violence , new details emerged Wednesday about the mother of the gunman who killed 27 people in a Connecticut shooting rampage last week . A day before her son killed her , Nancy Lanza was on vacation alone at a luxury resort in New Hampshire , friends said Wednesday . Lanza checked in to the Omni Mount Washington Resort & Hotel in Bretton Woods last Tuesday and checked out Thursday afternoon , the hotel said . Less than a day later , authorities say , her son Adam Lanza killed her and then opened fire in Sandy Hook Elementary School , killing 20 children and six adults there . Road trips alone were not uncommon for Nancy Lanza , according to her friends , who said she seemed to be in good spirits during the trip and felt comfortable leaving her 20-year-old son unsupervised in recent years . Authorities have said the shooter took three of his mother 's weapons -- two handguns and a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle -- to the elementary school Friday . His deadly shooting rampage has ignited renewed national debates over gun control , mental health care and school safety . Speaking five days after the massacre , Obama said Wednesday that a new group led by Vice President Joe Biden is charged with developing "  concrete proposals " for dealing with gun violence "  no later than January . " The group will include some Cabinet members and outside organizations . "  This is not some Washington commission . This is not something where folks are going to be studying the issue for six months and publishing a report that gets read and then pushed aside , " Obama said . "  This is a team that has a very specific task to pull together real reforms right now . " While politicians continued to call for action , singer Paul Simon offered a tribute to a beloved Sandy Hook teacher who died trying to save her students . A statement from Simon 's publicist said teacher Victoria "  Vicki " Soto 's parents were family friends . At their request , on Wednesday he sang "  The Sound of Silence " at her funeral . Read more : NRA breaks silence Pushing Congress No single law or set of laws can prevent gun violence , Obama said Wednesday , but the complexity of the issue "  can no longer be an excuse for doing nothing . " Authorities must work to make "  access to mental health care at least as easy as access to a gun , " and the country needs to tackle a "  culture that all too often glorifies guns and violence , " he said . Speaking at a news conference , Obama called for quick action from Congress . "  A majority of Americans support banning the sale of military-style assault weapons . A majority of Americans support banning the sale of high-capacity ammunition clips . A majority of Americans support laws requiring background checks before all gun purchases so that criminals ca n't take advantage of legal loopholes to buy a gun from somebody who wo n't take the responsibility of doing a background check at all , " he said . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that the president supports that effort . Obama said Wednesday he believes the Second Amendment does guarantee individuals the right to bear arms . And , he added , "  This country has a strong tradition of gun ownership that 's been handed down from generation to generation . " After last week 's shooting , some have said future tragedies can be avoided by arming teachers . Larry Pratt , executive director of Gun Owners of America , said if more guns had been at Sandy Hook Elementary School , most victims would be alive . Even though all states allow concealed carry , "  we have laws that say not in schools , " Pratt said . "  And so in the very places that have been sought out by monsters such as the murderer of these adults and children , we 're saying , no , we do n't want you to be able to defend yourself . It 's better that you just sit there and wait to be killed . And we find that morally incomprehensible . " Meanwhile , Newtown United , a newly formed group in the stricken town , held a meeting Wednesday evening to discuss what it calls "  sensible gun legislation . " "  We are not looking to ban guns , " said Lillian Bittman , former chairwoman of the Newtown Board of Education . "  We are looking for a civil discussion of gun control , mental health , school safety and school facilities , so that we as a nation can work together to come up with a solution . " Last week 's school shooting is a tipping point , she said . "  We have 20 children that are trying to point us the way , " she said . "  And if we do n't follow their lead , then their deaths are in vain . " Read more : Newtown United tries to tackle gun policy Newtown buries the dead Residents of the close-knit community have been braving cold , rainy weather and waiting for up to five hours to pay their respects to the victims of last week 's shooting , Bittman said . "  It 's an assembly line of wakes and funerals , " she said . "  We ca n't even figure out which ones to go to , there are so many . " On Wednesday , a police honor guard saluted Soto , a first-grade teacher who died trying to shield her students from bullets , as bagpipers played outside the Lordship Community Church in Stratford , Connecticut . The church set up more than 100 chairs outside the building to accommodate the overflow of people paying their respects . "  You were an angel to those 19 children you protected , to the 19 families and the community , " Soto 's sister Jillian said at the service . Soto , 27 , wanted to be a teacher since she was 3 years old . She "  instinctively went into action when a monster came into her classroom and tried to protect the kids that she loved so much , " cousin James Wiltsie said . "  We just want the public to know that Vicki was a hero . " U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan traveled to Newtown to pay his respects to the family of school principal Dawn Hochsprung and "  to hear from educators on how we can help , " he said on Twitter . Hochsprung 's family had calling hours scheduled for Wednesday . Her funeral will be private on Thursday and held outside of Connecticut . Several students were honored in funerals Wednesday : -- Seven-year-old Daniel Barden , whose "  fearless " pursuit of happiness earned him ripped jeans . Taking after his musician dad , Daniel formed a band with his brother and sister , playing the drums . "  He embodied everything that is wholesome and innocent in the world , " Daniel 's family said . -- Six-year-old Caroline Previdi 's relatives were saying their final goodbyes Wednesday . Even after her death , 6-year-old Caroline continued to touch the lives of others . A Facebook page called "  RIP Caroline Previdi -- Sandy Hook Massacre Victim " had more than 5,400 "  likes " on Wednesday morning . -- Six-year-old Charlotte Bacon also had a burial scheduled for Wednesday . Charlotte was a beaming bundle of energy under bright red curls . Black hearses with caskets will continue driving through Newtown for days to come . Some cities across the country are planning a moment of silence Friday morning , marking a week since the massacre . Remembering the victims Read more : First-responders recount initial chaos HLN journalist Rita Cosby and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Jessica Yellin , Dave Alsup , Susan Candiotti , Sandra Endo and Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	Friends say Nancy Lanza vacationed alone the week of the shooting Obama vows to push "  without delay " a set of proposals that will be due by January No single law or set of laws can prevent gun violence , the president says Newtown United holds an open meeting on "  sensible gun legislation "
CNN  -- Ooh , looks like things are heating up between Snoop Dogg and Iggy Azalea -- and not in a good way . For yet another day , the two rappers went at it on social media , with Snoop baiting her , Iggy responding and Snoop egging her on . The back-and-forth started Sunday night when Snoop posted a meme and titled it "  Iggy Azalea No Make Up . " The Instagram insult generated 11,000 comments and 50,000 likes . So Iggy posted some not-so-fancy tweets in response . They 've since been deleted . But hey , this is the Internet -- and nothing is truly gone . "  Everytime I 've ever spoken to you you 've always been nice as hell , I 'm disappointed you 'd be such an ass for no reason , " one said . "  Why would you post such a mean pic on insta when you send your body guards to ask me for pictures every time we are at shows . " That was Monday . Cue Tuesday , when Snoop was back with more -- some decidedly mean ones . He called her the b-word in one , asking her to "  cool out " because he was only kidding . In another Instagram post , he cranked it up a notch , threatening her . And , just to rub it in , he posted a side-by-side of Iggy and Marlon Wayans ' in-drag character from "  White Chicks . " Iggy fired back . "  If I 'm a  b-word  for asking why you are supportive to my face but another way on your Instagram then so be it , " one tweet said . "  Post away about this '  b-word  ' I 've seen all the memes the world has to offer in regards to me i honestly do n't care , " another said . Snoop responded with more expletives . Iggy followed with some retweets from supportive fans . She then posted : "  Ima be the bigger man in this situation and leave it be . " Here 's our fervent hope that both of them do .	The two rappers are going at it on social media Snoop started it with a meme that made fun of Iggy without makeup Iggy responded but then deleted the tweets The two are still at it
CNN  -- Damon Harris , a former member of the Motown group The Temptations , has died at age 62 , his family reported . His eldest daughter , Erica Harris Outlaw , told CNN her father had been battling prostate cancer for the last 14 years . "  He was in great pain for the last several months , " she said . Harris died Monday , February 18 , at Joseph Richey Hospice in Baltimore . "  He was the kind of dad where you wanted the best for him . We 're going to really miss him , " Outlaw said . "  We miss him already . " Harris joined the Temptations at age 20 in 1971 and replaced Eddie Kendricks , one of the group 's original lead singers , Billboard.com reported . Harris was with the group until 1975 , and he was best known for singing tenor on the band 's hit , "  Papa was a Rolling Stone . " Harris also released a solo album , "  Damon Harris : Silk " in the 1970s . "  I am saddened to hear about Damon , " said Dennis Edwards , who was in the band with him . "  He will be missed . " Obituaries 2013 : The lives they 've lived CNN 's Lauren Russell , Denise Quan and Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Damon Harris , a former member of The Temptations , was battling prostate cancer He was best known for singing tenor on "  Papa was a Rolling Stone " Harris also had a solo album
CNN  -- Toyota Motor Corporation on Tuesday announced dramatic production cuts in North America because of difficulty in supplying parts following the massive 9.0-magnitude March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in Japan . Previously , Toyota Motor Engineering and Manufacturing North America , Inc.  TEMA  , had said it would suspend production on Mondays and Fridays between April 15 and April 25 . That will continue through June 3 , the company said in a statement . "  During the same period , production will run at 50 % on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday , " the statement said . In addition , Canadian production will be suspended for the week beginning May 23 , and U.S. production for the week starting May 30 . No decisions have been made for production after June 3 , according to Toyota . "  No layoffs are planned during this period , " the statement said . "  Team members will utilize non-production time for training and plant improvement activities . " "  We are trying to continue production as much as possible and keep our workforce intact in order to facilitate a smooth transition back to full production when all parts are available , " said Steve St. Angelo , executive vice president of TEMA , in the statement . Last month , Toyota told its U.S. plants to prepare to shut down because of parts supply problems . Toyota employs 25,000 manufacturing and research-and-development workers in North America . It operates nine plants in the United States in Kentucky , Indiana , Texas , Tennessee , Alabama , West Virginia , California and Mississippi . It also operates three plants in Canada and one in Mexico .	Production has been suspended on Mondays and Fridays It will run at 50 % on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday Production in U.S. , Canada to be suspended in May
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The coalition commander in Afghanistan went to the site of a recent airstrike and apologized for civilian deaths , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Friday . ISAF Commander Gen. John Allen paid his condolences to survivors of victims in Logar province , southeast of the capital , Kabul . Sahib Khan , a member of the Afghan parliament from Logar , said Wednesday 's airstrike killed 18 people , including women and children , near the volatile Pakistan border . NATO forces said the strike occurred when soldiers returned fire during a mission targeting a Taliban leader . An ISAF spokesman said insurgents were killed and security forces seized weapons and explosives . The allegations of civilian casualties reverberated through the Afghan government and Washington as U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta arrived in Kabul for talks on Thursday . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the strike , saying , "  NATO operations that inflict human and material losses to civilians can in no way be justifiable , acceptable and tolerable . " Afghan official : NATO airstrike kills 8 family members Panetta did not address the controversy over the airstrike in his public remarks while in Kabul . The news came ahead of discussions between Panetta , Allen and Afghan Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Rahim Wardak . While militant attacks have caused by far the greatest number of civilian casualties in Afghanistan , many Afghans and coalition members have expressed concern about civilian deaths caused by air operations . The latest allegations of civilian casualties also come at a critical time for the United States . Though U.S. military and political officials have said publicly that Afghanistan will be ready to take over security of its country by the time NATO troops depart , critics have said there are questions about whether Afghan forces can stand on their own .	ISAF commander visited Logar province 18 civilians killed Wednesday , an Afghan official said President Karzai condemned the strike
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has signed into law a bill that toughens penalties against gay people and defines some homosexual acts as crimes punishable by life in prison . Homosexual acts are already illegal in Uganda , and Museveni had gone back and forth recently about whether he would sign the controversial bill in the face of vocal opposition from the West . At the public signing of the bill Monday , a defiant Museveni declared that he would not allow the West to impose its values on Uganda . "  We have been disappointed for a long time by the conduct of the West , the way you conduct yourselves there , " he told CNN 's Zain Verjee in Entebbe . "  Our disappointment is now exacerbated because we are sorry to see that you live the way you live , but we keep quiet about it . Now you say ` you must also live like us ' -- that 's where we say no . " The bill , introduced first in 2009 , originally included a death penalty clause for some homosexual acts . It was briefly shelved when Britain and other European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from the international community . The nation 's parliament passed the bill in December , replacing the death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality . " This includes acts in which one person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors , according to Amnesty International . The bill also proposed years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to gays and lesbians , a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . Museveni 's position on the law changed several times since lawmakers passed it late last year . In January he said he would n't sign the bill , describing homosexuals as "  sick " people who needed help , not imprisonment . But he backtracked this month and said he 'd sign it because scientists had determined that there is no gene for homosexuality and that it is merely a choice to embrace abnormal behavior . "  It was learned and could be unlearned , " Museveni said . Shortly after his announcement , U.S. President Barack Obama warned that enacting the bill would affect relations between the two nations . He described the proposal as an "  affront and a danger to the gay community " in Uganda . The U.S. is among the nation 's largest donors . On Monday , Museveni rejected the suggestion that the new laws were a step back for Uganda and said he was n't concerned about the West 's perception of his country . "  Worried ? Not at all , " he told CNN . "  If the West does n't want to work with us because of homosexuals , then we have enough space here to live by ourselves and do business with other people . " "  We see how you do things , the families , how they 're organized . All the things , we see them , we keep quiet , " he said . "  It 's not our country , maybe you like it . So there 's now an attempt at social imperialism -- to impose social values of one group on our society . " Homosexuality in Africa Homosexuality is illegal in 38 African countries , where most sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts were punishable by 14 years to life in prison even before the controversial bill was signed into law . Lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation , saying the influence of Western lifestyles risked destroying family units . Rights groups worldwide have condemned the bill as draconian .	Museveni signs bill that could mean life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality " The bill , which has been debated in Uganda for years , originally included a death penalty President Barack Obama said enacting the bill would affect U.S. relations with Uganda Museveni rejects criticism of the bill as an imperialistic push by West to impose values on others
CNN  -- The father of American figure skater Nancy Kerrigan is dead and her brother is behind bars , accused of assault and battery against 70-year old Daniel Kerrigan , according to Massachusetts authorities . Daniel Kerrigan died Sunday after being taken by emergency personnel from his family home in Stoneham , Massachusetts , to a hospital , authorities said . His son Mark , 45 , was arraigned Monday and pleaded not guilty to charges stemming from an alleged assault . According to Middlesex County Assistant District Attorney Elizabeth Keeley , police responded to a 911 call at approximately 1:30 a.m. Sunday from Brenda Kerrigan , wife of Daniel and mother to Mark and Nancy Kerrigan . Keeley told Middlesex District Court Judge Mark Sullivan during the arraignment Monday for Mark Kerrigan that there was a violent argument and struggle between the father and his son , resulting in the elder Kerrigan falling or collapsing on the kitchen floor . Keeley said that Mark Kerrigan told authorities "  that he did in fact have an argument with his father , the argument became physical , he grabbed his father around the neck , and at some point the father collapsed to the floor . " The Middlesex District Attorney 's office said Monday that authorities were still investigating the "  entirety of the circumstances of the incident , " along with the cause and manner of death . The county medical examiner is expected to release a report within a couple of weeks . According to Keeley , police found Mark Kerrigan in the basement of the house , "  clearly intoxicated " and "  extremely combative . " He refused to comply with police officers , said Keeley , and they had to subdue him with pepper spray before forcibly removing him from the home . Mark Kerrigan wept softly during Monday 's arraignment . His attorney , Denise Moore , told the judge that Kerrigan was in grief and "  quite distraught about his father 's death . " Through his attorney , Mark Kerrigan denied any responsibility in the death . Moore said in court that Mark Kerrigan was unemployed , was recently released from a correctional facility and was living at home with his parents . He is taking medications and seeking psychological help for post-traumatic stress , apparently from his time in the Army , Moore said . Despite appeals from his attorney , Sullivan ordered Kerrigan held on $ 10,000 cash bail . His next court appearance is expected to be February 24 . Nancy Kerrigan first gained prominence by winning a bronze medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . In 1994 she earned an Olympic silver medal in Lillehammer , Norway . But she is perhaps best remembered for surviving an attack before the 1994 Winter Games by skating rival Tonya Harding 's ex-husband and an accomplice . Through a spokeswoman on Tuesday , the Kerrigan family released a statement saying : "  Dan Kerrigan was a wonderful husband for 47 years , a caring and loving father to his daughter Nancy and two sons , Michael and Mark , and a grandfather of eight . ... The family 's focus is on mourning Dan and honoring his life and many contributions . " CNN 's Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report .	Violent argument and struggle between father and son results in elder Kerrigan falling Mark Kerrigan , who denies responsibility in his father 's death , is "  quite distraught " Police find Mark Kerrigan in the basement "  clearly intoxicated " and "  extremely combative " Judge orders Mark Kerrigan held on $ 10,000 cash bail ; court appearance February 24
Honiara , Solomon Islands  CNN  -- More topless photos of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , spilled into public view Monday as Britain 's royal family asked a French court to stop further publication of the pictures . The legal battle raged while the duchess and her husband , Prince William , carried on with an official tour of the South Pacific , including meetings with Solomon Islanders -- some of them topless . The new photos were published Monday by the Italian gossip magazine Chi , which is owned by the same company that last week published several pictures of a topless Catherine sunbathing in private during a vacation at a private chateau belonging to William 's uncle in Provence , in southern France . The grainy images , shot from a distance , show Catherine on a balcony and appear to be no more revealing than those published last week by the French magazine Closer , the Guardian newspaper reported . In a related development , Irish Daily Star Editor Michael O'Kane was suspended Monday by Independent Star Limited , publisher of the Daily Star , pending an investigation into the circumstances that led to photographs being republished in that newspaper from the French magazine . Opinion : Wake up , Kate ; photogs are always watching While some have questioned the furor over topless sunbathing , which is a common practice in parts of France and elsewhere , the issue is less about nudity than it is about privacy , royal biographer Christopher Andersen said . William and his brother , Prince Harry , still blame the media for the 1997 death of their mother , Princess Diana , in a traffic accident as her driver fled paparazzi , Andersen said . French investigators concluded the driver of the car Diana was traveling in lost control while he was intoxicated . The royal family is concerned about similar invasions , particularly if William and Catherine have a child , Andersen said . "  This is a deterrent . They 're drawing a line in the sand , " he said . Kate upset about topless photos On Monday morning , the royal family filed a criminal complaint with French prosecutors seeking invasion of privacy charges against the magazine and possibly the photographer , a palace spokeswoman said . Late Monday in civil court in Paris , lawyers for the royals asked for damages and a court order to prevent the photos from being published again . They also want existing photos taken offline , a palace spokesman said . Lawyer Aurelien Hamelle denounced the published photos in court Monday calling them an infringement of privacy , CNN affiliates reported . "  It is a scene of married life , intimate , personal , that has nothing to do on a magazine " Hamelle said . Chi , the Italian magazine , put out its special edition Monday with 26 pages of photos of William and Catherine on vacation . As editors at Closer did last week , Chi executives defended publishing the photos despite the furor from London . "  It is a story worth publishing in an extraordinary edition because it shows in a natural light the everyday life of a very famous contemporary young couple in love , " Editor-in-chief Alfonso Signorini said in a statement . Chi and Closer are owned by the Mondadori publishing company , which is headed by Marina Berlusconi , a daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . "  To see a future royal immortalized in a series of pictures , which are certainly neither morbid nor damaging to her dignity , renders her for sure more likable and less anachronistic and distant from of all of us , " Signorini wrote . A French judge is expected to issue a ruling by 6 a.m. EST Tuesday on the civil complaint , reporters from CNN affiliates ITN and BFM have said . Pacific welcome awaits William and Kate The criminal case in France involves claims of invasion of privacy against the magazine and possibly the photographer . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against this kind of behavior , British lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . But even if distribution of the images is contained to a degree , Harris said , the damage is done to the extent that very private information about the duchess has now become public knowledge . Laurence Pieau , editor-in-chief of Closer in France , defended the decision to publish the images in an interview with CNN affiliate BFM-TV , saying , "  We were just doing our job . " Pieau said that there had been no debate at the magazine over whether to publish the photos and that they show the royals "  are just like any other couple in love . " Legal analysts suggest that Mondadori hopes to recoup any legal costs and fines it may incur by increasing sales , thanks to the revealing pictures . According to Mondadori 's website , Closer has an average weekly circulation of about 414,000 , while Chi sells more than 340,000 copies a week . Opinion : British privacy should start with British press William and Catherine 's Pacific tour marks a celebration of the queen 's Diamond Jubilee anniversary of her reign . They were scheduled to leave Honiara in the Solomon Islands on Tuesday and travel to Tuvalu for the first royal visit to that island nation since 1982 . Their tour is scheduled to wrap up Wednesday . Monday 's legal actions in France are the only ones initiated by palace officials . British newspapers have not published the photos , although the Irish Daily Star did Saturday , in a move that palace officials slammed as greedy . Editor Mike O'Kane told the BBC that Irish readers wanted to know what all the "  kerfuffle " was about . "  She 's not the future queen of Ireland , so really the only place this is causing fury seems to be in the UK , " he said . In a sign of how divisive the issue of royal privacy has become , the newspaper 's co-owner , media group Northern & Shell , said it opposed he newspaper 's decision to run the pictures . The company -- which runs the Irish Daily Star in a joint venture with Independent News & Media but does not exert editorial control over it -- said it was "  profoundly dismayed " by the move . Independent News & Media said the decision to publish was regrettable and an investigation into the decision was under way . The British media are under close scrutiny after revelations of phone hacking and other abuses . The conclusions of an independent judge-led inquiry , which may recommend greater restrictions on media freedoms , are expected by the end of the year . UK tabloid prints naked Prince Harry pictures The controversy comes three weeks after the British royal family was caught up in a media furor over images of Prince Harry partying naked in a Las Vegas hotel room . After Diana : How can intimate royal photos be published in France ? CNN 's Alex Felton , Per Nyberg , Laura Smith-Spark and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Irish Daily Star editor suspended pending investigation into republishing of photos French judge is expected to issue a ruling on civil complaint by 6 a.m. ET Italian magazine publishes more topless pictures of Catherine William and Catherine also file a criminal complaint in France
CNN  About halfway up the cobblestone stairwell , the screeching starts . Loose stones tumble from the tops of the walls far up on the hilltop . All around me , tree limbs shake . It 's just after dawn , and I 'm alone , climbing the trail to the 15th-century royal compound on the hilltop at Great Zimbabwe in southern Africa . Alone , except for the baboons . Like all the stone structures here , the stairwell is open to the sky , but the incline is so steep and the curves so sharp that I ca n't see more than 10 feet in front of me . Sure enough , around the next bend a baboon is waiting for me on one of the dozens of terraces that skirt the hillside . We watch each other for a few moments until I 'm certain he 's not interested in me , and then I keep walking . Baboons freak me out , but these moments are part of what makes Great Zimbabwe such an incredible place to visit . Baboon standoffs Unlike the world 's more visited ruins -- which is basically every other ruin -- here it 's easy to lose yourself in the mystery of the place , even if that means the occasional standoff with a baboon . The stairwell leads to a narrow passage through a cleft in the rocky hilltop . Stone walls that form the perimeter of the royal complex tower overhead . They once would 've extended even farther out over the stairs , but a terrace collapsed since the city was abandoned , bringing a wall down with it . It 's hard to find a vantage point to see the entire complex . The old city , which was the capital of a trading empire and home to 10,000 people in the 1400s , stretches over 1,800 acres . Essentially the hilltop functioned as a palace and cathedral , the center of political and religious power . On the planes below , circular stone walls form a series of enclosures . The most iconic , aptly called the Great Enclosure , is the largest pre-colonial structure south of the Sahara . The walls rise up 36 feet and stretch 820 feet around . At one end , an inner wall forms a narrow passage that leads to a conical tower , the most distinctive landmark in the old city . I like the hill complex more . Here the walls curve around each other and the granite boulders , which are incorporated into the design . Different chambers are linked by a labyrinth of narrow passages that snake up and down over the giant rocks . At the far side is a chamber with a towering stone ledge that once held a small stone wall that acted like a balustrade . Destructive treasure hunters Like all the structures here , the stones were assembled without mortar . Each layer was slightly recessed , creating a slope that held it all together . Over the centuries , some walls were knocked down by treasure hunters , or just by the elements . The chamber below is where a famous set of carved birds were found . Most of them are now housed in a small museum inside the park , which is worth a visit if only to see them . The image of a bird appears on the national flag , and is as much a symbol of Zimbabwe 's national identity as the Statue of Liberty is to the United States . There 's a good chance of being here alone . Visitors might see schoolchildren passing through on their way to class , or the occasional park worker , but not many other visitors . Tourism in Zimbabwe has been in a long and slow recovery . In the 1990s , Zimbabwe was for a moment the most visited country in sub-Saharan Africa . By the time the nation hit rock bottom in 2008 , hardly any foreign visitors came . Now major attractions like Victoria Falls are bouncing back , but places like Great Zimbabwe have fallen far off the radar . The ruins are easily accessible by road , but it takes several hours from Harare or a full day from Johannesburg , so not many people make the effort . But this is a place I love returning to . Expert tours In the colonial days when Zimbabwe was known as Rhodesia , white families used to vacation here , and remnants of those days remain . The national park has simple rondavel huts for hire , and there 's the dated but charming Great Zimbabwe Hotel  Great Zimbabwe , Masvingo ; +263 39 262274  just outside the gates , as well as the posher safari-style Lodge at the Ancient City  No 1 shephared Plot , Great Zimbabwe , Masvingo ; +1 888 790 5264  . The inn 's restaurant -- where the buffet is designed like the stone walls -- serves lucky travelers fresh bream from the nearby dam . If not , there 's almost always a fisherman selling his catch on the roadside , which can be grilled outdoors -- or ask the restaurant to prepare it . On my latest trip , I went with an excursion organized by The Wits School of Arts at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg . Those going on their own can hire a guide on site . Every guide I 've ever had here has been articulate and charming and well-informed , but it 's even more amazing to spend a few days exploring the ruins with people who actually wrote the book on Great Zimbabwe . You can find their offerings at wsoa.wits.ac.za , under History of Art . Practical tips : Zimbabwe has started an online visa system  www.evisa.gov.zw /  , which is n't working at the time of this writing . When it does , applying online will get visitors a letter that they must present on arrival , which is when the visa is actually issued . Those that require a visa might be better off simply getting it on arrival . Anyone driving up from South Africa can save themselves a lot of hassle at the border by contacting the Zimbabwe Tourism Authority ahead of time . They can arrange to have an officer to wait at the border post and walk visitors through the immigration and customs process . This can save hours and endless headaches . And it 's a free service  Lindarose Ntuli at +263 772 409373 or lindarosentuli@gmail.com  . Griffin Shea is a writer and traveler based in South Africa . His latest project is a travel app for African cities for iPhone and Android .	Great Zimbabwe was the capital of a trading empire and home to 10,000 people in the 1400s Zimbabwe is making a tourism comeback after hitting rock bottom in 2008 Visitors have yet to rediscover Great Zimbabwe , however , leaving it almost deserted
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former GOP presidential nominee John McCain warned Wednesday that the United States is losing the war in Afghanistan . Sen. John McCain recommended expanding the Afghan army to between 160,000 and 200,000 troops . The Arizona senator , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said that while he approved of President Obama 's recent decision to send 17,000 more troops to the country , he believed an additional allied military and civilian surge would be necessary to prevent it from once again becoming an al Qaeda safe haven . The Obama administration is conducting a review of overall U.S. policy in the troubled Islamic republic , the president said in his joint address to Congress on Tuesday . "  With our friends and allies , we will forge a new and comprehensive strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan to defeat al Qaeda and combat extremism , " Obama said Tuesday . "  Because I will not allow terrorists to plot against the American people from safe havens halfway around the world . We will not allow it . " But McCain said on Wednesday , "  When you are n't winning in this kind of war , you are losing . And , in Afghanistan today , we are not winning . " He delivered his remarks at the American Enterprise Institute , a Washington-based think tank . McCain claimed that while the situation in Afghanistan is "  nowhere near as dire as it was in Iraq , " the number of insurgent attacks had spiked in 2008 and violence had increased more than 500 percent in the past four years . Growing portions of the country "  suffer under the influence of the Taliban , " he added . McCain 's comments echoed those of Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who acknowledged last Friday that the United States is facing a "  very tough test " in Afghanistan . "  But I 'm sure we will rise to the occasion the way we have many times before , " Gates told a news conference in Krakow , Poland , where NATO defense ministers were meeting . McCain said that the U.S. was winning the war in Afghanistan through early 2005 , when some troops were withdrawn and "  our integrated civil-military command structure was disassembled and replaced by a Balkanized and dysfunctional arrangement . " A Vietnam War veteran , former prisoner of war and longtime member of the Armed Services Committee , McCain said that while he knows Americans "  are weary of war ... we must win -LSB- in Afghanistan -RSB- . The alternative is to risk that country 's return to its previous function as a terrorist sanctuary , from which al Qaeda could train and plan attacks against America . " Among other things , McCain stated that the U.S. needs to establish a larger military headquarters capable of executing "  the necessary planning and coordination for a nationwide counterinsurgency campaign . " He also said plans to expand the Afghan army from 68,000 to 134,000 troops were insufficient . He recommended expanding the Afghan army to between 160,000 and 200,000 troops . At the same time , he said , the U.S. needs to boost the country 's nonmilitary assistance to help strengthen "  its -LSB- civilian -RSB- institutions , the rule of law , and the economy in order to provide a sustainable alternative to the drug trade . " Southern Afghanistan provides about two thirds of the world 's opium and heroin . Over the years , those two drugs have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency , including the Taliban . McCain warned that , even if his recommendations are adopted , the violence in Afghanistan is "  likely to get worse before it gets better . The scale of resources required to prevail will be enormous . " The timetable , he concluded , "  will be measured in years , not months . "	McCain : "  When you are n't winning in this kind of war , you are losing " While Afghanistan is "  nowhere near as dire as it was in Iraq , " attacks have spiked U.S. needs to establish a larger military headquarters , McCain says "  The scale of resources required to prevail will be enormous , " senator says
Boston  CNN  -- Two friends of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty Tuesday in federal court to charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and obstructing justice with intent to impede authorities . Handcuffed and dressed in orange jail jumpsuits , Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov both voiced their not guilty pleas on each of the counts during their roughly four-minute arraignment Tuesday in Boston . They remained in handcuffs afterward , when they were led out of court . The two 19-year-old roommates and Kazakh nationals began attending the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth the same semester as Tsarnaev . They were taken into custody this spring along with Robel Phillipos , a friend of Tsarnaev 's from Cambridge , Massachusetts . Authorities accuse them of helping Tsarnaev after the deadly April 15 blasts by taking items from his southern Massachusetts dorm room to keep them from investigators . This occurred shortly before Tsarnaev himself was taken into custody after a tense , late-night standoff in Watertown , Massachusetts . He and his brother -- who died after a confrontation with police -- are accused of planting two bombs near the Boston Marathon finish line that left three people dead and more than 260 wounded , then killing a campus police officer days later . On April 18 , three days before the FBI searched Tsarnaev 's dorm room , Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev allegedly went into the dorm , took Tsarnaev 's laptop as well as a backpack containing Vaseline , a thumb drive , fireworks and a "  homework assignment sheet " and took them back to their New Bedford apartment , the federal indictment against them states . Timeline : Boston Marathon bombing "  The fireworks container has been opened and manipulated , " the indictment says . "  As a result , some of the explosive powder was visible . " Kadyrbayev told his roommate that he believed Tsarnaev "  used the Vaseline ` to make bombs , ' or words to that effect , " according to the indictment . That day , Kadyrbayev showed Tazhayakov a text message from Tsarnaev that read , in part , "  If yu want yu can go to my room and take what 's there " followed by a smiley face emoticon . Either that night or early the next day , Kadyrbayev tossed the backpack in a Dumpster , according to the charges . After Tuesday 's brief court hearing , Kadyrbayev 's lawyer , Robert Stahl , said his client "  had no intent to assist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . " An ethnic Chechen , Tsarnaev spoke Russian like Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov . "  As Dias ' family prays for the victims , they also pray for justice for their son , a law-abiding college student whose only crime was befriending a fellow student who spoke his more comfortable native language , " Stahl said later Tuesday in a statement , insisting his client "  fully cooperated " with authorities right after they approached him . And Arkady Bukh , Tazhayakov 's attorney , has previously said his client did not touch any of Tsarnaev 's items . As for Phillipos , he is free on $ 100,000 bond and being monitored electronically , according to terms set this spring and agreed to by his lawyers and prosecutors . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev himself is awaiting trial , having pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges tied to the bombing and the subsequent pursuit of him and his brother . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Suspect 's "  only crime " was befriending someone who spoke Russian Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov enter not guilty pleas in federal court They face obstruction charges for allegedly helping their friend Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Tsarnaev and his dead brother are accused in the deadly Boston Marathon bombing
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is known as the undisputed king of clay with seven French Open titles to his name -- but the Spaniard was given an almighty scare in the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo Masters Friday . Nadal , who has won the past eight editions of the tournament , was made to fight all the way by Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov before eventually prevailing 6-2 2-6 6-4 . It was the first time the 26-year-old had dropped a set at the tournament since 2009 as he racked up a 45th consecutive match victory in the French principality . That record had looked in doubt until his opponent began to suffer with cramp in his leg , allowing Nadal to emerge victorious . But despite working his way back to fitness following a seven month absence with a knee injury , Nadal admits he still lacks match sharpness . "  I did n't play tennis for seven months , " he told reporters . "  I 'm losing little bit intensity of the match for moments . "  That 's normal after being a lot of time outside of the competition . I played for a month , then I stopped for another month . I need time to play with top rhythm for the whole match . "  I was playing great at the first set , playing my best level . So that 's the most important thing . " Nadal was spotted playing with taping on his back , but he refused to elaborate on the problem when asked . He added : "  I 'm happy to be in the semifinals , I played the best with what I had . It 's normal have problems on the back , on the shoulder , on the elbow . " Dimitrov , 21 , is rated as one of the most exciting prospects in world tennis and for a while looked set to become the first man to defeat Nadal in Monte Carlo since 2003 . The 11-time grand slam winner was given a stern examination by the man ranked 34 in the world , who eventually succumbed after suffering pain in his left leg . "  It 's a tough loss , I think I gave everything I had today , " Dimitrov told reporters . "  Today he obviously showed why he 's the best not only on that surface , I believe , but he 's one of the best out there . " Nadal will now face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who saw off Stanislas Wawrinka 2-6 6-3 6-4 in his quarterfinal tie . Wawrinka , who defeated Andy Murray in the previous round , fought off four match points before eventually being swept aside . "  It 's an incredible challenge , " Tsonga told reporters of his upcoming contest with Nadal . "  He 's won eight times here . Anything I might achieve will be just a bonus for me . "  I no longer have any pain in my legs , because I know I 'm going to play a player that 's a lot better than I am on clay . "  I do have some weapons ; I have everything to win and nothing to lose . " Top seed Novak Djokovic overcame his troublesome ankle problem to see off Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen 6-4 6-3 . "  My ankle is getting better and better , " Djokovic told reporters . "  The pain is subsiding and that is very important for me . I just hope to play a good match tomorrow . " The Serb will face Italy 's Fabio Fognini in the last four after he defeated France 's Richard Gasquet in straight sets .	Rafael Nadal qualifies for semifinal of Monte Carlo Masters Nadal will face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in last four World No. 1 Novak Djokovic to play Italy 's Fabio Fognini Serb star confirms ankle injury is improving following latest win
CNN  -- Each spring , I monitor the list of commencement speakers at our nation 's leading colleges and universities . Who is chosen , and who is not , tells us a lot about academia 's perception of the most important voices in America . Two of this year 's most popular speakers were CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , who spoke at both Harvard University and Duke University , and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson , who spoke at both Tulane University and the University of Washington . Perhaps one of the most original choices , and the one who certainly stood out from the rest , was U.S. Navy SEAL Eric Greitens , who addressed the 2012 graduating class of Tufts University Sunday . It 's not often that elite universities honor military service members with commencement addresses . Gen. Dwight Eisenhower once spoke to a graduating class at an Ivy League university and remarked , "  Your business is to put me out of business . " So I applaud Tufts University for inviting Greitens . He is not a household name , but he should be . The 38-year-old Rhodes scholar and humanitarian worker turned U.S. Navy SEAL served multiple tours overseas fighting terrorist cells and received several military awards . Today , he is the CEO of the Mission Continues , a nonprofit foundation he created to help wounded and disabled veterans find ways to serve their communities at home . To the graduates of Tufts , Greitens issued a unique challenge , one rarely heard at commencements today : to sacrifice , to serve one 's country and to live magnanimously . He called students to think above and beyond their own dreams , their own desires , and to be strong . Aristotle called this megalopsychia , greatness of soul , and considered it one of the greatest moral virtues . " ` What kind of service can I provide ? What kind of positive difference can I make in the lives of others ? ' If you work every day to live an answer to that question , then you will be stronger , " Greitens declared . After dodging bullets , withstanding IED explosions and going days without sleep , Greitens realized the strength he needed to excel as a SEAL was found outside his own physical abilities . In his weakest moments , Greitens was able to find his greatest strength in service . "  The more I thought about myself , the weaker I became . The more I recognized that I was serving a purpose larger than myself , the stronger I became , " he told the students at Tufts . He served his country and defended the weak against the rapacity of the wicked . Fifty years ago , Greitens ' remarks would have been the norm . But through the years , the focus of education , particularly higher education , has shifted from selflessness to self-obsession . Many commencement speakers today tell students to "  Dream big " and "  Do what you love . " It may be feel-good career advice , but it 's incomplete life advice . Philosopher Martin Buber wrote , "  All education ` worthy ' of the name is education of character . " Greitens gave the Tufts student an eloquent firsthand example . Greitens said it this way : "  The best definition I have ever heard of a vocation is that it 's the place where your great joy meets the world 's great need . ... We need all of you to find your vocation . To develop your joys , your passions , and to match them to the world 's great needs . " Not all men are meant to be Navy SEALs , or even serve in the military , but all men can serve . Henry Wadsworth Longfellow recognized , "  The life of man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams but in active charity and in willing service . " We ask our students , what do you want to do when you grow up ? Instead , we should ask them , whom or Whom , and what ideals do you want to serve when you grow up ? That is a worthy thing to consider at graduation . Good for Greitens ; good for Tufts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	Former Navy SEAL Eric Greitens was commencement speaker at Tufts William Bennett says Greitens ' message was unusual and important He says Greitens stressed service to others rather than self-seeking pursuits Bennett : The message was to sacrifice , to serve one 's country and to live magnanimously
President Barack Obama condemned on Tuesday the attack on a Jerusalem synagogue that killed four Israelis as a "  horrific " terror attack and urged Israelis and Palestinians to work together to ease tensions . Obama said Secretary of State John Kerry spoke Tuesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the wake of the attacks that killed three Americans when two Palestinians wielding knives , axes and a gun attacked the synagogue during morning prayers on Tuesday . Obama also identified the attack 's three American-Israeli victims as Aryeh Kupinsky , Cary William Levine and Mosheh Twersky . "  We condemn in the strongest terms these attacks , " Obama said . "  The murders for today 's outrageous acts represent the kind of extremism that threatens to bring all of the Middle East into the kind of spiral from which it 's very difficult to emerge and we know how this violence can get worse over time . " But Obama also stressed that "  a majority of Israelis and Palestinians overwhelmingly want peace " and urged leaders on both sides to work together to ease tensions that have flamed in recent weeks over access to the Temple Mount and al-Aqsa mosque that sparked a series of attacks on Israelis and recriminations by some against Palestinians . Netanyahu on Tuesday also responded to the attack , ordering the demolition of the homes of the two Palestinian assailants , both of whom were shot dead at the scene by Israeli police . The decision came after a high-level security meeting between Netanyahu and his top security advisers as Netanyahu said Israel would "  respond with a heavy hand to the brutal murder of Jews who came to pray and were met by reprehensible murderers . " A member of the PLO executive committee would not outright condemn the attack , instead pointing to "  the continuing escalation by the Israeli occupation and the targeting of Palestinian civilians " as provocation that led to the attacks , though she did note that she does n't "  think violence is justified or can produce any results . " Kerry reacted to the news while in London , calling the attack "  an act of pure terror . " "  Our hearts go out to all Israelis for the atrocity of this event and for all the reminders of history that go with it , " Kerry said . "  This simply has no place in human behavior and we need to hear from leaders who are going to lead their people to a different place . " Israeli spokesman Micky Rosenfeld later told CNN that three of the men killed in the attack held dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship . The fourth victim was a dual British-Israeli citizen . FBI is launching an investigation into the attack because three of the victims are U.S. citizens , a law enforcement official said . Meanwhile , Hamas did not claim responsibility for the attack but a senior Hamas official Ghazi Hamad told Al Jazeera International "  there will be more revolution in Jerusalem , and more uprising , " stating that Hamas "  supports action against the occupation . "	Obama urged Israeli and Palestinian leaders to reject violence NEW Obama said Kerry spoke with Netanyahu on Tuesday after the attacks Three of the four victims were dual U.S.-Israeli citizens ; FBI will investigate Kerry joined in condemning the attack as an "  act of pure terror "
CNN  -- Responding to the latest undercover video by an anti-abortion group , women 's reproductive health care provider Planned Parenthood announced Tuesday it will retrain more than 11,000 staff members at more than 800 centers across the United States . Planned Parenthood has ordered "  all health center staff and educators who have contact with patients and teens be retrained in understanding our policies and procedures for responding to situations that indicate that the welfare of a minor is endangered , " Stuart Schear , vice president for communications at Planned Parenthood , said in a statement issued Tuesday . The retraining will be completed by April 1 , Schear said . The announcement came in the wake of the anti-abortion group Live Action 's sixth undercover video of a Planned Parenthood clinic that purportedly shows staff "  willing to assist sex trafficking and exploitations of minors and young women , " group president Lila Rose said in a written statement . Affirming a zero tolerance policy Tuesday , Planned Parenthood said in a statement that employees will be fired in cases of confirmed failure to comply with the group 's procedures for situations involving endangered minors and with states ' mandatory reporting laws for underage girls . The Live Action videos are reminiscent of those by right-wing videographer James O'Keefe , who targeted ACORN , an organization that advocated for low - and middle-income people and worked to register voters . Those videos purported to show a "  pimp " and a "  prostitute " asking for advice on setting up a brothel and evading taxes . O'Keefe 's videos were found in at least two investigations to be so heavily edited as to be an unreliable record of what happened , showing no evidence of any wrongdoing by ACORN staff members . But those investigations were completed too late to save the organization . The Live Action videos also appear to be heavily edited . All were apparently taped in January , when Planned Parenthood says it learned of at least 11 undercover visits in six states over one week "  in which persons claiming to be involved in sex trafficking with minors asked for services for young women . " Schear said he expects more Live Action announcements about the other visits . Planned Parenthood reported the visits to the U.S. Justice Department before any of Live Actions videos were released . Like the prior ones , the latest secretly recorded video uses a couple portraying themselves as a pimp and a prostitute who are seeking abortions for underage girls . Last week , Live Action released undercover videos of four Planned Parenthood health centers in Virginia and one in New Jersey . Planned Parenthood officials fired a staff worker in the New Jersey office , but defended the others by saying they behaved professionally and appropriately reported the incidents to the U.S. Justice Department . The latest video claims to show a Planned Parenthood staffer and a supervisor in the Bronx borough of New York City guiding the pimp and prostitute actors on how to get abortions for girls as young as 13 . But the Bronx video was "  clearly doctored and can not be trusted , " Schear said . "  The truth is that Live Action has a history of doctoring video , making false claims and has no credibility , " Schear said in a statement . "  This is a tactic similar to that of James O'Keefe , the discredited right-wing activist long associated with Live Action . " The edited Bronx tape contains two or more video sources , as well as an additional audio source , increasing the opportunity for manipulation and selective editing , Schear said . Unlike in the other publicized videos , the hoax visitors in the Bronx were n't able to get past the reception desk for a private consultation , Schear said . The two Planned Parenthood workers in the Bronx told the FBI in an interview that "  they did not hear the words ` sex work ' or ` sex worker ' uttered by the actors on camera , " Schear said . FBI spokeswoman Jenny Shearer declined to comment on the ongoing controversy about the undercover videos . "  I ca n't comment on something I have n't seen . I 'm unaware of which field office they are communicating with , " she said Tuesday . Justice Department spokeswoman Alisa Finelli said Tuesday the U.S. attorney general 's office received a letter last month from Planned Parenthood alerting officials to the visits by the purported pimp and prostitute seeking abortions for minors . Finelli declined to comment further . Schear described the undercover videos as "  an effort to undermine the credibility of Planned Parenthood staff in Live Action 's coordinated lobbying effort to support legislation that would bar Planned Parenthood from receiving federal funds . " Congress is considering such a proposal , put forward by Republicans . Rose of Live Action said Planned Parenthood 's retraining program "  is nothing more than window dress . " "  Live Action 's investigation has uncovered a serious , institutional crisis in which Planned Parenthood is willing to aid and abet sex trafficking and exploitation of minors and young women , " Rose said in a statement . Live Action describes itself on its website as "  a leading new media , investigative , and educational organization committed to the protection and respect of all human life . " Rose has said that her purpose in making the videos -- and making available the edited versions -- is to "  take down " Planned Parenthood . Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , said the 95-year-old organization is the nation 's leading provider of reproductive health care and serves 3 million patients a year . One in five women has come to its health centers at some point in her lifetime , she said . "  To further our commitment to our patients , we will continue to work to expand access to health care and coverage for women and oppose efforts , such as those currently before Congress , that would eliminate vital health care services that women and families need , " Richards said . Officials with Planned Parenthood of New York City said that if underage girls came into the center , "  they would have met with a licensed social worker . " "  All teens coming into Planned Parenthood of New York City are screened for child abuse and neglect . All teens who disclose abuse meet with a licensed social worker , who records and reports the abuse , " the group said in a statement .	The anti-abortion group Live Action releases its sixth undercover video It purports to show Planned Parenthood staff advising pimp and prostitute actors Abortion provider Planned Parenthood calls the latest video "  doctored " and untrustworthy Republicans are proposing a ban on federal funds for Planned Parenthood
CNN  -- Writer-director Joe Carnahan wisely gets back to basics in "  The Grey " after the over the top CGI heroics of "  The A-Team . " In their last collaboration , Liam Neeson fell out of the clouds in a tank and lived to tell the tale . This time he 's stranded in the arctic wastes of Alaska when the plane transporting a crew of rugged oil drillers crashes in the back of beyond . The half dozen survivors are in bad shape , with few supplies , no chance of contacting the outside world and little hope of rescue . They have sub-zero temperatures to contend with , howling winds and snow , and the only source of meat on the horizon -- a pack of timber wolves -- has its own ideas about the pecking order on the food chain . Neeson quickly emerges as the leader of the men . He 's a head taller than anybody else and maybe a head smarter , too . He also knows wolves , so he says -- though it 's hard to believe anyone on this movie could claim as much . Any animal expert could tell you that timber wolves are more likely to run in the opposite direction than give chase to humans . Compared to a grizzly bear , your typical North American grey is a pussycat . That 's not the kind of animal Neeson and company bump into . These puppies are of the big , bad variety : vicious , lethal and relentless . Neeson -- perhaps rashly -- decides to abandon the wrecked plane and strike out south , into the woods . He 's followed by a rapidly depleting line of the walking wounded , and a posse of salivating lupus . This is bare bones storytelling in more ways than one , though Carnahan ca n't resist injecting stray purple pronouncements of existential angst  I kept hoping that one of the guys would get hold of the letter Neeson has stashed in his pocket , the one where he tells the girl who got away he 's exiled himself to live with the dregs of humanity , "  Ex cons , misfits , a ******* ... men unfit for mankind "  . Fortunately he 's a better filmmaker than he is a screenwriter . Impressively shot in northern British Columbia by the talented Masanobu Takayanagi , the movie feels grounded and real even when the dialogue  and the angry wolf pack  rings false . Interspersing exciting action sequences with tense slogs through hostile terrain , the movie has the structure of a classic western , with wolves standing in for outlaws or Indians . It 's old hat , but it still plays . Neeson 's in his element as the raw alpha male who reluctantly takes the others in hand . They include an angry , macho Latino  Frank Grillo  , a boring nice guy  Dermot Mulroney  and an ailing black guy  Nonso Anozie  who might as well have "  Kibble " tattooed to his forehead . Even though Carnahan never digs up anything very surprising about these stock characters , the terse , shape-shifting group dynamics are enough to keep us watching . The film 's single best sequence comes early on . The plane crash -- and the nicely pitched run-up to it , as the passengers  all men  stow their bravado and start to grapple with what they might be facing -- is a knockout . Five minutes of pure white-knuckle drama . Even though nothing later comes close to it for enterprise or excitement , "  The Grey " remains a genuinely gripping survival story and a refreshing change from stale urban action flicks : "  Jaws " on paws .	"  The Grey " is impressively shot in northern British Columbia Liam Neeson 's in his element as the raw alpha male who takes the others in hand The film 's single best sequence comes early on -- the plane crash
London  CNN  -- You could n't make it up : Edward Snowden granted temporary asylum in Russia -- a country with an unrivaled history of listening in to other people 's phone calls , bedroom consultations or private discussions -- as a "  whistleblower " on the American National Security Agency 's legally sanctioned and publicly acknowledged activities . What is in it for Moscow ? A bit of fun of course , for one thing . The Soviet and now Russian habit has always been to answer criticisms of their conduct with the playground insult "  and you 're another . " Snowden in transit through Moscow was a chance to posture as a defender of human rights in answer to Western -- for them most woundingly U.S. -- comments on the recent Russian record . There have also been Russians , concerned to work for human rights in their own country , more ready than ever to believe that the West has let them down in contesting renewed Kremlin pressure on civil society , and who have been willing to use Snowden as a symbol of their commitment to universal values . But President Putin has no sympathy for turncoats ; and has no need for extra ways to signal his distaste for the United States . If he or the Russian FSB -LSB- the Federal Security Service in Russia -RSB- had supposed that Snowden had valuable intelligence to offer they would have taken him in sooner , and they must have checked that out right away . As a contract worker reportedly determined at the outset to break his contract , Snowden would not seem to be much of an intelligence catch . He would certainly not seem to Putin to be a hero . And the Russian president tried to mitigate the possible provision of asylum for Snowden by the condition that he would not be permitted to harm Russia 's US "  partners " while under Moscow 's protection . So if Snowden would not seem to Moscow to be a likely long - or even short-term intelligence asset , or even what Lenin would have described as a "  useful idiot , " why have the Russians given him temporary asylum ? It seems probable to me that he has become an embarrassment , and because they could n't quite think of anything else to do with him . Snowden has been allowed to stay at Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow -- or at least so it is said -- for too long simply to be handed over to U.S. officials . If he was to have been sent to face trial in the USA Snowden would naturally be questioned there as to whom he had seen in Moscow , which might or might not be embarrassing to the Russians . Besides , there is no extradition treaty between Moscow and Washington -- and Moscow would have had to explain why they had agreed that Snowden should be sent to the U.S. after all this time . Muddle is often a better explanation for the actions of any government than finely balanced policy making , and Russia is certainly no exception to that rule . Moscow 's handling of the Snowden case has been hesitant , with no clear persons or institution directing affairs . Giving him temporary asylum is not a solution . It merely puts the case into a different context , while making it harder for Moscow to return him to face trial in the U.S. , to send him off to another country , or to grant him permanent asylum in Russia for that matter . The Russians may hope that the American administration will tire of pressing its case , and that Snowden can be conveniently forgotten . He will not of course be allowed -- if he is given permanent leave to stay in Russia , studies his Chekhov and Dostoevsky , and accepts one of the offers of marriage that he has had -- to take an active role as a human rights activist in his adopted country . But the Kremlin will have absorbed the lesson that the present U.S. administration has been prepared over the years to turn a blind eye to Russian misbehavior for the sake of what it sees as realism in pursuing its immediate foreign policy interests . So why , Russian policy makers may think , make too much fuss over Snowden ? There has been speculation of arranging a swap of Snowden for a Russian refugee in the United States . I would prefer to think that too dishonorable for the United States to contemplate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Wood .	President Putin has no sympathy for turncoats ; and has no need for ways to signal his distaste for U.S. , writes Andrew Wood Muddle is often a better explanation for the actions of any government than finely balanced policy making , he says Andrew Wood : The Russians may hope that the American administration will tire of pressing its case Russian policy makers may think : Why make too much fuss over Snowden ? says Wood
CNN  -- I am a journalist . I am a teacher . I am a black woman . I am a witness to prejudice . I 've experienced it firsthand : Random strangers have called me "  n -- r " on a busy street in Indiana and in Dallas , Texas . So , I know the specter of hate when I see it . Now it is hovering over Tulsa , Oklahoma , where police say Jake England and Alvin Watts confessed to shooting five people on April 6 , snuffing out the lives of three and wounding two others . The two have pleaded not guilty . This is a crime filled with hate , most certainly , but is this a hate crime ? It took seven days for Tulsa County prosecutors to answer : Yes to charges of first-degree murder , with shooting with intent to kill and with malicious intimidation or harassment -- Oklahoma 's equivalent of a hate crime . For many black people in Tulsa , it was a welcome bookend to what was a very angry week . Here 's what had been reported : Watts is white , and England has been identified as white and , in some reports , as Native American . All the victims that morning were black , and England 's father , Carl , was killed by a black man in a shooting tied to an attempted home invasion in 2010 . England 's Facebook postings about his father 's death have fueled much of the speculation . Jake England is reported to have used a racial slur on his Facebook page , and then wrote , "  It 's hard not to go off . " The killings took place on Good Friday , and the men quickly were arrested on Easter Sunday . But as of midweek , many wondered why officials had n't called the shooting spree a hate crime . You know what they say : If it looks like a hate crime and smells like a hate crime ... There is a lot we do n't know about this crime . England is recorded in a video released by his lawyer saying he does not hate blacks and that he counts many black people among his friends . Some allegations say that England knew one of the victims . If that is true , how random were the shootings ? Still , many others say the actions of choosing the people by their race clearly make it a hate crime . Residents in the mostly black neighborhood in north Tulsa , where the shootings happened , and many officials in Oklahoma are convinced the charge is correct . In a recent media conference call with several black officials and ministers , state Sen. Constance Johnson , chairwoman of the Oklahoma Black Caucus , said she was concerned about crimes against blacks and requested that the federal government get involved in the investigation to send a message . "  This is a powder keg waiting to explode , " she said . Gwendolyn Fields agrees . Fields is executive director of the Advocacy Council , a group described as fighting for criminal justice reform in Oklahoma . She paraphrased the state 's intimidation statute : "  A hate crime occurs when a person targets a person because of his or her  inclusion  in a group . " She added that the Advocacy Council talked to Tulsa police officials to express its concern . Both Johnson and Fields said they are worried that such crimes are increasing , citing the killing of Trayvon Martin in Florida and crimes against black people in Oklahoma during the past five years -- perhaps the most grisly being the unsolved killing of the Rev. Carol Daniels in Anadarko , whose mutilated body was found in a church . Johnson said these crimes are indicative of "  a pattern of attacks on blacks here , not unlike the old South . " Tulsa has a tortured history . In 1921 , after a black man was accused of molesting a white woman , a mob destroyed Tulsa 's famous black business district . Greenwood burned . Hundreds died in the riots . After years of forgotten history , the Oklahoma Commission to Study the Tulsa Race Riot of 1921 published its findings in 2001 , referring to Tulsa 's "  emotional and physical scars of this terrible incident in our shared past . " So , nearly 100 years after what clearly was a hate crime , religious leaders quickly met with Tulsa 's black community to discuss what 's been labeled another one . I asked a colleague who lives in Tulsa for her opinion . Hate crime for sure , she said , but her reason was as eloquent and convincing as any I 've heard : "  People are targets just because of who they are , not what they 're doing or involved in . Therefore , until these suspects were caught , every black person in north Tulsa could logically fear that he or she could be shot . " Now that the crime is officially labeled hate , people seem to feel justified . But another question lingers , as it does in the Trayvon Martin case : What does it matter if it 's officially called hate if the shooters are convicted of murder ? For 48 long hours beginning on Good Friday , Tulsa 's citizens felt that pain of bigotry , that sting of prejudice , that ache of fear . That 's enough to end the national debate and get on with it . Bring justice for these five Oklahoma families . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yvette Walker .	Three black people were killed , two wounded in a shooting spree in Tulsa , Oklahoma Two men were arrested and charged with murder and with hate crimes Yvette Walker : Circumstances of shootings show they were clearly hate crimes Walker says black community is relieved that prosecutors made the determination
CNN  In Japan 's Sagano Bamboo Forest , on the outskirts of Kyoto , towering green stalks of the famously versatile plant sway in the wind , creaking eerily they collide and twist , leaves rustling . The sun filters through the densely packed grove , projecting thin slashes of light onto the dozens of camera-clutching tourists shuffling down the wide trail that cuts through the middle of the forest as they awkwardly angle their shots , attempting to crop human forms out of their frames . Long gone are the days when you 'd get this place to yourself . If you 've ever clicked on a rundown of "  places to see before you die " or a compilation of the most beautiful forests in the world , chances are you 've seen a photo of Sagano . Located in the gorgeous Arashiyama district of western Kyoto , the Sagano Bamboo Forest 's popularity has expanded in recent years , coinciding with the growing number of Buzzfeed-esque articles that include it on superlative-heavy travel lists . Though it 's the beauty of the bamboo that brings in the masses , those distinct rustling sounds have become an attraction in their own right . A few years ago the Ministry of Environment included the Sagano Bamboo Forest on its list of "  100 Soundscapes of Japan " -- a selection of everyday noises intended to encourage locals to stop and enjoy nature 's music . For the best experience , head out early in the morning or late evening and avoid weekends completely , when Japanese day-trippers descend on the area -- especially in the fall and spring .  There 's no admission fee and it 's open 24/7 . A ` major ' temple and a film star 's former home Right outside the Bamboo Forest entrance is the northern gate of Tenryu-ji Temple  open daily , 8:30 a.m.-5 :30 p.m. , admission 500 yen , about $ 5  , a UNESCO World Heritage Site and one of the Kyoto-gozan -- five major temples of Kyoto . This is no coincidence . In Japan , Shinto shrines and Buddhist temples are often situated near bamboo groves , which are viewed as a clever means of warding off evil , while the bamboo is seen as a symbol of strength . Built in the 14th century by a shogun in honor of the passing of Japan 's emperor , Tenryu-ji has one of the country 's most incredible Zen gardens and is today the headquarters of the Rinzai School of Zen Buddhism . At the other end of the Bamboo Forest trail sits Okochi-Sanso Villa  open daily , 9 a.m.-4 p.m. , admission 1,000 yen  , the former home of late silent film star Denjiro Okochi . A massive complex of gardens with plants and trees that are famed for catering to all four seasons , there 's also a temple , study , tea hut and museum highlighting the life of Denjiro . Exploring Arashiyama The bamboo forest and its bookend attractions of Tenryu-ji and Okochi-Sanso Villa may be the stars of the area for international tourism crowds , but the entire Arashiyama district is worth exploring . With its low-lying tree-covered mountains that tumble into the Hozu River , historic temples and charming streets , Arashiyama has been designated a National Historic Site and Place of Scenic Beauty by Japan . It 's been attracting moneyed locals since the 8th century , when vacationing aristocratic families visited to check out the changing seasons ' colors and go boating on the Hozu River . Today , one of the top ways to enjoy the natural beauty of the area is by hopping on the Sagano Scenic Railway -- also known as the Sagano Romantic Train . A retro-style steam train that runs seven kilometers along the Hozu River , it departs once every hour from the Sagano Torokko Station -- a short walk from the JR Arashiyama Sagano Station -- daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. , except Wednesdays .  The train shuts down from December 30-February 28 . The entire ride takes less than 30 minutes . Afterwards , many opt to hop on the bus that connects the train station to the river , where Hozu River Boat Rides depart for the two-hour , 16-kilometer trip from Kameoka back to Arashiyama . Boats run daily from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. , with reduced hours from December 1-March 1 . Private charters are available . On land , bike rentals are among the best ways to explore Arashiyama 's web of temples , shrines , restaurants and gift shops . The area 's main icon , however , is the Togetsukyo Bridge  Moon Crossing Bridge  , which flows over the Hozu River . Built during Japan 's Heian Period  794-1185  , when Kyoto was Japan 's capital , it was reconstructed in the 1930s . Here , Japanese tourists can be seen posing for photos while dressed in colorful kimonos -- a nod to Kyoto 's status as the cultural capital of Japan . After all that touring , a pit stop at one of the many soft-serve ice cream stands is a fine way to end the day -- the vanilla/green tea twists are particularly addictive . Arashiyama sidetracks The Arashiyama crowds can get annoying , but the fantastic Otagi Nenbutsu-ji Temple is oddly overlooked by most tourists as it 's a bit more remote than most of the district 's attractions . About a 30-minute walk from the Sagano Bamboo Forest , it features over 1,000 little stone rakan  statues of enlightened ones  made from 1981 to 1991 during the reconstruction of the temple . Some laugh joyfully . Most pose serenely , covered in a green layer of moss . The odd one holds a tennis racket . On weekdays , the lovely uphill walk from the Sagano Bamboo Forest to Otagi Nenbutsu-ji is also surprisingly tourist-free yet full of unique gift shops -- including one owned by an artist who creates his works out of silk worm cocoons -- a massive traditional torii gate , tea rooms and private residences . If the kids are crying out for something a bit more lively , up on Mount Arashiyama sits the Iwatayama Monkey Park , home to some 100 Japanese macaques . What 's cool about this place is that it 's the humans who are in the cage , and the monkeys -- which you can feed -- on the outside . Getting in/where to stay From Kyoto Station , take Kyoto City Bus # 28 or Kyoto Bus # 71 , # 72 , # 73 , or take the JR Sagano Line to Saga Arashiyama station . From downtown Kyoto , take City Bus # 28 or # 11 . For trains , take the Keifuku Arashiyama Line to Arashiyama Station . For private tours of Arashiyama , Virtuoso-affiliated Windows to Japan offers an excellent western Kyoto itinerary that includes the highlights of the area . For those who want more than a day trip , the top hotel in Arashiyama is luxury ryokan Hoshinoya Kyoto , which can only be reached by ferry . Rates from 20,400 yen per person/night . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Kyoto 's Sagano Bamboo Forest is considered one of the world 's most beautiful forests Nearby Tenryu-ji listed as one of Kyoto 's five most significant temples Best ways to explore Arashiyama include Sagano Scenic Train , bike rentals
When you get married , ideally it 's for keeps . That 's wonderful and devoutly to be wished for -- but you 're also left with a wide and weird base of knowledge that you 'll  hopefully  never use again . My husband and I planned our wedding in the course of 83 days , and by all accounts , things went pretty well for both us and the guests . Friendships were forged , food and drink were savored , a baby  not ours  was made , and everyone left danced-out , hung-over , happy , and asking us if we would please consider hosting a wedding reunion the next year . I also got a crash course in managing my stress levels , tempering my expectations , leaning into the people who love us , and all sorts of other emotional matters that the glossy bridal mags might not necessarily cover . Six-and-a-half years later  and still going strong !  , perhaps a bride - or groom-to-be might find these tips a useful addition to their hope chest . Wedding photos : When snap-happy guests go too far 1 . Give in to the chaos The ice swan may melt , the sound system could go on the fritz , it might rain toads -- you 'll still be just as married as you would have been had everything gone according to plan . I spent countless hours fussing over hand-writing little table cards , decoupaging candle holders , researching glove lengths and going over all possible natural disasters that could keep our loved ones from attending our nuptials . All that did was stress me out and deflect from the actual purpose of the day : marrying the man I love , in the company of our friends and family . Then a wise , kind friend offered some perspective . She told me that the two of us could serve Tic-Tacs and iced tea in a 7-Eleven parking lot , and everyone would be just as happy , because they 'd be there to celebrate the union of two people they love . While I still put in some fretting hours after that , it helped me see the wedding as being less about perfection , and more about celebration . 2 . Remember that they 're all rooting for you Say something does go off kilter -- you trip on your hem and faceplant into the cake , the wedding elephant has an accident on the floor or you fumble the name of your beloved a la Princess Diana . If people laugh , it 's because it 's all part of the grand story that 's unfolding -- not because they 're gleeful about a screw-up . They 're there because they 're on your side and are grateful to be part of this momentous occasion , and if they 're not , why the heck are they at your wedding ? Seriously , take a look at that guest list and snip , snip , snip . 3 . Let your loved ones help -- but on your terms My husband and I had a fairly DIY wedding -- both to cut down on costs and to put our own stamp on the ceremony that would mark the beginning of our married life . We also did n't have a wedding party , because it was a small-ish event and we did n't want people to feel left out . So we asked people if they 'd like to help in ways that did n't cost them anything , celebrated their talents in ways they were happy to share , and where we provided supplies and general guidelines . Two musician friends sang as we walked down the aisle , an artist friend carved pumpkins to decorate outside , my sister-in-law rallied willing guests to arrange the flowers we 'd bought and picked , and some writers crafted a ritual that celebrated our communal love of food . My best friend from college looked after our mutually-beloved whippet dog , another surprised me with a piece from my favorite poet  Frank O'Hara  . My husband 's best friend officiated the ceremony , and we let our musically-inclined friends pick the songs they 'd most like to dance to . People were also free to simply eat , drink and be merry . The upshot is that our loved ones felt like they had a stake in our wedding -- and in our marriage -- and that feeling continues to this very day . 4 . Stay awake and pay attention I took to calling this "  bridal fugue . " Ask just about any married person if they can remember every detail of their wedding and reception and chances are that it 's riddled with big , blurry chunks . It 's a joyous , often overwhelming day -- and it 's only going to happen once . On the advice of a dear friend , I picked up Sheryl Paul 's "  The Conscious Bride . " The author is a counselor who specializes in transitions from single to married , childfree to parenthood , and the like . Paul suggests preparing yourself to stop and take mental snapshots of what 's going on around you , and how you feel in that moment , so you can be extremely present on your wedding . Thanks to this , while I do n't have every second of our wedding day running on an endless loop in the back of my brain , I have very vivid memories of taking vows , looking out into the room to see so many people I adore all assembled in one place , funny surprises from my friends and family , and dancing until my feet felt like they were on fire . Even if we were to lose every single picture from that day , these images and feelings would be locked in my heart forever . 5 . There 's a letdown -- and that 's OK After our post-wedding day brunch , I sat down in a walk-in closet and cried . This had nothing to do with regret , second-guessing or sadness ; I 'd just married my favorite man on Earth and I was happier in my life than I 'd ever been before . But we 'd just spent the vast majority of our time over the previous months focusing our energy on planning the joyous event , and the last guests had just said their goodbyes . All those wedding guests we adore were never again going to be in the same place at the same time , the spotlight was off me , and I was no longer a single woman , girlfriend or bride-to-be . I was someone 's wife -- a wonderful , but slightly scary new role . And it was time to step into it . I cried a little more and spent a moment saying goodbye to the single self I 'd always known . Then I took a deep breath , stood up , walked out of that closet and went to find my new husband . Follow Kat Kinsman on Twitter and Google + and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Wedding planning , along with the ceremony , can be tense and nerve-wracking Kat Kinsman recommends preparing for glitches and keeping a positive attitude Incorporating friends and family in the planning and preparation can be a relief Brides and grooms should expect  and plan for  the unexpected
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A second 18-year-old was set Monday to make his first court appearance in connection with the torching of a mosque in the northern Israeli village of Tuba Zangaria , authorities said . The suspect , who was not identified , is the second to be arrested in connection with last week 's attack , Micky Rosenfeld , a police spokesman , told CNN . The mosque was set on fire and scrawled with graffiti that indicated it was a revenge attack over the killing of Asher Palmer and his 1-year-old son , who were killed when rocks were thrown at their car in Hebron more than two weeks ago . Words written on the mosque 's walls said "  price tag , " "  revenge " and "  Palmer . " "  Price tag " attack is a term frequently used by radical Israeli settlers to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts . Lately "  price tag " attacks have also targeted Israeli military forces and police stationed in the West Bank . It is rare for them to carry out attacks inside Israel . After the overnight attack , around 200 residents from the village gathered on the outskirts and started marching towards the neighboring Israeli town of Rosh Pina , an Israeli police spokesman said . Residents blocked the road , hurled rocks at police and burned tires , police said . The police responded by firing tear gas . The second suspect in the mosque burning is also an 18-year-old who appeared before the Kfar Saba Magistrate Court on Thursday , Rosenfeld said . He said the suspect was arrested "  on suspicion of being involved in arson on the mosque in Tuba . "	Two suspects have been arrested on suspicion of torching a mosque in northern Israel , the police say The second suspect , an 18-year-old , is scheduled to appear in court , the police say The mosque was set on fire and scrawled with graffiti in an apparent "  price tag " attack Residents angered over the mosque attack , blocked the road and hurled rocks at police , authorities say
CNN  -- With more than 1,000 hot springs gurgling beneath 80 % of the country , a trip to Hungary is n't complete without one thing : a visit to a spa . The Romans chanced upon Hungary 's healing waters more than 2,000 years ago , but the Ottoman Turks really got things going in the 16th century , importing their social spa culture . While the word "  spa " can conjure images of being pampered in a luxurious setting , in Hungary it 's quite different . There 's an emphasis on health and well being , so many of the facilities are more functional than plush . A few charge for towels , although the fee can be less than $ 2 . That said , the natural beauty of the country 's spas makes up for a certain clinical air . And admission prices , even for a full day , are often less than $ 15 . Bathing and board games Whereas the French pop into their cafes for a coffee and a chat , Hungarians catch up with the latest gossip while having a soak . They can be seen playing chess in the warm waters of the huge Szechenyi complex in Budapest -- one of the biggest in Europe and one of the most beautiful . They 're also taking advantage of the restorative properties in the thermal water . Szechenyi , Allatkerti korut 11 , Budapest ; +36 1 363 3210 Salty soaking One of Hungary 's most unusual spas is the open-air complex at Egerszalok , about 80 miles  129 kilometers  east of Budapest It 's obvious why they 've nicknamed it Salt Hill : centuries of mineral deposits left by flowing springs have turned the surrounding mounds white . Visitors can take a dip in these hot springs or use the 17 indoor and outdoor pools at the adjoining Saliris Resort . Just five miles away is the incredibly pretty town of Eger , which has a 16th-century Turkish bath and outdoor thermal pools . On offer is the heavy-handed pummeling of the Turkish massage experience , or a chance to relax and gaze at the ornate interior of bright mosaics . The outdoor pools are more boisterous , with plenty of play areas for kids . Egerszalok Spa , Forras ut 4 , Egerszalok Hungary +36 36 688 500 Salaris Resort , Forras ut 6 , Egerszalok , Hungary ; +36 36 688 600 Eger Thermal Bath , 5 Frank Tivadar ut , Eger ; +36 36 510 552 Subterranean spa Another 40 miles  64 kilometers  east past the Bukki National Park is the underground water world at Miskolctapolca . The name does n't trip off the tongue easily , so many simply call it the Cave Bath . Thermal waters flow through a huge series of limestone caves , all heated at a comfortable 84 F  28.9 C  . In summer months , there 's an outdoor complex with family pools . Cave Bath , Pazar Istvan setany 1 , Miskolctapolca ; +36 46 560 030 Thermal lake West of Budapest lies the opportunity for a leisurely swim in the largest thermal lake in Europe . Heviz Lake is just beyond the westernmost point of Lake Balaton , about 120 miles  193 kilometers  southwest of Budapest . Hot springs fill this 10-acre lake surrounded by woods and parkland -- these springs work hard enough to change the water every three days . Bathers share the lake with some flora and fauna , namely the resident ducks and water lilies . They must also tolerate the whiff of sulfur that comes from the mineral-rich water . There 's a lot going on indoors at the large complex overlooking the lake : seven thermal pools , mud baths and treatments for conditions that can be helped by a therapeutic dip . Heviz Lake tourist information office ; +36 83 540 131 Vast baths A different bathing experience can be found at Europe 's largest bath complex at Hajduszoboszlo , 13 miles  21 kilometers  southwest of Debrecen , Hungary 's second city . Hungarospa is a giant shrine to water and all the fun that can go with it . It includes Aquapark , where children of all ages -- including babies -- can frolic on water slides and in the bathing pools . Its indoor thermal baths offer treatments for people with various ailments that can be alleviated by water therapy . The Aqua Palace has 20 themed pools recreating everything from a Roman bath to a tropical pool . From May to September , the park 's 75 acres become an enormous outdoor water playground . Thirteen pools sprawl around the park , including a mammoth one built to resemble a Mediterranean beach . It 's all topped off with an immense pirate ship to keep kids entertained . Hungarospa , Szent Istvan Park 1-3 , Hajduszoboszlo ; +36 52 558 558 Super-sized sauna About 130 miles  210 kilometers  west of Budapest toward the Austrian Alps is Bukfurdo , Hungary 's second-largest spa . Within the 35-acre complex are 32 pools , a sauna big enough for 150 people and plenty of paddling pools for small children . The town is also home Greenfield Golf , Hungary 's first 18-hole championship course , so golfers have n't got far to go to soothe tired muscles after a game . Bukfurdo spa , Termal krt 2 , Bukfurdo ; +36 94 558 080 Slides and style A glimpse into a vintage , elegant world of bathing beyond Budapest can be found 100 miles  161 kilometers  south of the capital in Szeged , near Hungary 's borders with Serbia and Romania . Among the city 's charming 19th-century architecture is the neo-Renaissance Anna Thermal Bath . These warm bubbling pools , steam rooms and saunas evoke the charm of Budapest 's famous spas such as Szechenyi and Gellert . Across the Szeged Tisza River lies the Napfenyfurdo Aquapolis water park . While the kids zoom down Europe 's longest all-year water slide , adults soak in the thermal baths and pulsating waterfalls of the adventure pool . Anna Thermal Bath , Tisza L. krt . 24 , Szeged ; +36 62 553 330 Napfenyfurdo Aquapolis , Torontal ter 1 , Szeged , +36 62 566 488 Mary Novakovich is an award-winning travel journalist who specializes in European destinations . She writes for UK newspapers and has written guidebooks for Frommer 's , Insight Guides and Berlitz . CNN Travel series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Hungary owes its spa culture to Romans and Ottoman Turks , and the country 's extensive hot springs Admission price for most spas is less than $ 15 , although facilities can be more functional than plush Budapest 's Szechenyi complex is one of the largest spas in Europe
CNN  -- A suspect in the shooting death of South African soccer team captain Senzo Meyiwa has been charged with murder and robbery , a National Prosecuting Authority spokesman said Friday . Zanokuhle Mbatha appeared at the Boksburg Magistrate Court to face the charges and then was remanded in custody until November 11 to give him time to apply for legal aid , National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Nathi Mncube said on Twitter . "  There are still suspects outstanding & we appeal to public to continue providing info , " authorities added on Twitter . Football world mourns death of South Africa captain Meyiwa Meyiwa was shot and killed Sunday night during a botched robbery by intruders who went into a house in the Vosloorus township near Johannesburg , authorities said . Police have n't disclosed what led to the shooting , but local media circulated reports that it may have been over a mobile phone . Meyiwa , 27 , was captain of the national team as well as his club , Orlando Pirates . Meyiwa began playing for the Pirates in 2005 and made his debut with the national team in June 2013 . The goalkeeper did n't concede a single goal in the last four games in the African Cup of Nations qualifiers . His last match was Saturday when the Pirates advanced to the semifinals of the South African League Cup . The police have offered a reward of 150,000 rand  $ 13,670  for information leading to the "  arrest/conviction " of suspects in the case . CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Zanokuhle Mbatha is charged with murder and robbery in Senzo Meyiwa 's death Mbatha appears in court and will be given time to apply for legal aid "  There are still suspects outstanding , " authorities say Meyiwa was fatally shot Sunday during a botched robbery , authorities say
CNN  -- Roy Pickler lay on the floor , dripping with sweat , as trainer Bob Harper quipped , "  You look like you got run over by a reindeer . " Pickler 's job as a professional Santa was a constant joke on the latest season of "  The Biggest Loser . " With his long white beard and protruding stomach , the 63-year-old looked every bit the part he played . By the time he was voted off the show , Pickler had lost 88 pounds . During his elimination interview , he donned a Santa hat and told viewers his toned physique would n't stop him from bringing Christmas joy to children . "  The world is going to have to change their acceptance of what Santa looks like , " Pickler said . "  Santa is a role model , and kids do n't want to have a role model that 's fat . " Since 1980 , obesity rates among children and adolescents have almost tripled , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Approximately 12.5 million children age 2 to 19 are obese ; that extra weight can lead to serious health problems , including type II diabetes , cardiovascular disease and psychosocial issues such as peer discrimination or poor self-esteem . The epidemic has gotten a lot of attention in the past few years . Everyone from first lady Michelle Obama to Shaquille O'Neal is trying to figure out the best way to inspire kids to get and stay fit . Children learn healthy  or unhealthy  habits from those they admire . And Santa is one of the most recognizable figures in America . For at least a month every year , he appears on billboards , storefronts and TV commercials . Millions of kids stand in line to sit on his comfortably padded lap and whisper secrets in his ear . They write letters to him , sing songs about him and read stories about him . Photos : Santa over the years We worry about the effect fast-food advertisements have on students in school . With all his free publicity , should Santa still be fat ? "  Let 's put it this way , " registered dietician Beth Kitchin said with a laugh . "  I do n't think Santa should be skinny . " There are a lot of other markers to consider in measuring health . Research shows that people can have a higher body mass index and still be healthy , Kitchin said . One can assume Santa is pretty active , wrangling hundreds of elves and nine reindeer every year . And his cheery disposition says a lot about his stress level , which could relate to low blood pressure . Of course , Santa does have a penchant for sugary treats . One fan estimated the big man eats more than 5,000 tons of cookies on Christmas Eve alone . If Santa is n't diabetic , Christmas magic really does exist . A 2009 study published in the British Medical Journal determined that Santa could very well be a "  public health pariah . " The light-hearted research by Nathan Grills of Monash University in Australia found a correlation between countries that recognize Santa and a high rate of childhood obesity . Santa 's weight is a longstanding tradition , said Tom Kliner , founder of Santas Across the Globe and the Fraternity of International Real Bearded Santas . The character originated with St. Nicholas , who lived in Turkey during the fourth century . Nicholas was a wealthy young bishop who started giving away all his gold after his parents died . "  Back in those days , extra weight was a sign of wealth and affluence , " Kliner said . Hollywood used to have a set of numbers -- waist circumference , face shape , beard length -- that Santas were supposed to adhere to , Kliner said . But around the world , the legendary giver comes in all shapes and sizes . Coca-Cola 's Santa , whom many in America try to emulate , is very round : round face , round nose , round stomach . The Santa imitated in Europe is a thinner man with more squared-off features . Kliner said he sees Santa as more of a public figure than a role model . "  I 've never seen anybody aspire to become Santa Claus . " Changing Santa 's iconic image would be hard , said Meg Cox , author of "  The Book of New Family Traditions . " Comfort and security come with seeing the same character year after year . "  We carry these traditions forward from our childhood , " she said . "  Some of us are pretty emotional about them . And yet I think there 's nothing wrong with having a sense of play about it . " If you want Santa to be skinny , Cox said , make it happen : Tell your kids Santa is tired of eating cookies , and leave an apple out instead . "  Having your own take on Santa might be the ultimate personalized Christmas . " It 's possible our culture is already changing . Santa races are becoming as much of a tradition as candy canes and Christmas lights . Kids are finding active video games under the tree alongside step counters and organic cookbooks for Mom or Dad . 10 healthy gifts that keep giving Pickler recently called a couple of companies he has contracts with and asked whether they were OK with a trim Santa . "  They both said , ` We want you just the way you are . Your idea of a healthy Santa is the one we want to go with . ' " Since "  The Biggest Loser " finale , Pickler and his wife , Chris , have spoken to kids across the Midwest about nutrition and exercise . Pickler often walks in to schools dressed as Santa Claus and then takes off his suit , Superman-style , to reveal his new fit self . In an upcoming documentary about Santas titled "  They Wore a Red Suit , " Pickler implores his colleagues around the country to get fit . "  We can not use  our role  as an excuse , because it influences kids in the wrong direction , " he said . Maybe one day , instead of a belly that shakes like a bowl full of jelly , Santa will have a six-pack . Maybe his cheeks will glow not from the cold but because he 's consuming the recommended doses of omega-3 fatty acids . Maybe Mrs. Claus will take up gardening .  Granted , that would be hard to do at the North Pole , but surely the elves can build a greenhouse or two . Eventually , in addition to being a role model for the Christmas spirit , our beloved St. Nick could become a healthy role model for kids . Until then , save some cookies -- Santa Claus is comin ' to town . Lightbulb babies and fairytale castles : Your Christmas traditions	CDC : About 12.5 million children age 2 to 19 are obese in the United States Kids learn healthy habits from those they admire most , and Santa is a role model Culture may already be changing with Santa races , healthy gifts
Washington  CNN  -- For hours on March 21 , U.S. Air Force Maj. Kenneth Harney of Lexington , Kentucky , and Capt. Tyler Stark of Littleton , Colorado , were the focus of nearly every U.S. service member in the Mediterranean Sea region . Nearly a dozen aircraft , a platoon of Marines and even Libyan civilians worked to rescue Harney and Stark after their F-15 crashed in eastern Libya . Most details about the mission , including their names , were a closely held secret by the military . But earlier this month , with little notice , their identities and details of their rescue came out during a welcome-home ceremony at their air base . For the first time , the men spoke publicly to a small group of friends , family and Air Force personnel . The Air Force public affairs office posted pictures and video of the event on its official website , even after U.S. military public affairs officers involved in Operation Odyssey Dawn in Libya told CNN their names would never be made public . "  You feel the weight of not only the Air Force , but the entire military , focusing on you , making sure you get home , " Stark said recently in a video prepared by the Air Force . U.S. still not ready to recognize Libyan opposition The men were part of a the 48th Fighter Wing normally based at RAF Lakenheath , a Royal Air Force base that has hosted U.S. Air Force units for years in Suffolk , England . But on March 21 they took off from the U.S. air base in Aviano , Italy , in support of the no-fly zone enforcement over Libya . At some point they ran into trouble . "  We soon find ourselves in a situation where we are forced to eject over potentially hostile territory , and over the country of Libya . Something that neither one of us would ever have thought that we 'd have to do , " Harney , the pilot of the Strike Eagle said . The Air Force is still trying to figure out why the plane crashed and a post-incident investigation is ongoing , but four days after the crash , Vice Adm. Bill Gortney , director of the Joint Staff at the Pentagon , told reporters that the military was "  confident that it is not a result of hostile fire . " Homes destroyed in battle for Misrata After the ejection , Harney -- "  Meso " to his fellow fliers -- and "  Mask " Stark became separated . "  When you find yourself alone , and you 're isolated , in a country where there 's hostiles , you are scared , " said Harney , a veteran of both the Afghan and Iraq wars . Stark was found by Libyan civilians who protected him from possible retaliation by forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , and eventually he was taken safely back to Europe . Details of how he was taken out of Libya have yet to be disclosed . Harney 's rescue came more quickly . He stayed in communications with another F-15 pilot still in the air over Libya . Eventually an MV-22 Osprey carrying Marines who were part of a Tactical Recovery of Aircraft and Personnel , or TRAP , team landed near his position . "  As that back door opened , I see a group of young Marine recon units jump out , and that was probably the best feeling I 've ever felt in my entire life , " Harney said . He was flown to the USS Kearsarge for a quick medical check then a short time later sent home with Stark to RAF Lakenheath , where friends and family welcomed them with hugs and a rendition of "  God Bless America . "	Two Air Force fliers went down over Libya on March 21 Both were rescued , with the military keeping quiet on details Now , an Air Force video from their welcome-home ceremony provides some of the story "  You feel the weight of ... the entire military ... making sure you get home , " says one
CNN  -- Pedro Passos Coelho , a businessman and opposition leader , is set to succeed Jose Socrates as Portugal 's prime minister after his party scored a convincing victory in Sunday 's election . According to official results posted online that accounted for more than 99 % of all ballots , Coelho 's Social Democratic Party had just under 39 % of the vote . Socrates ' Socialist Party was running a distant second at 28 % , while the Popular Party had nearly 12 % of the overall vote . In his victory speech , Coelho announced the Social Democrats , which won 105 parliamentary seats , would form a coalition government with the Popular Party , which won 24 seats . He also promised to tackle Portugal 's burgeoning financial crisis , including taking steps to meet European Union requirements for deficit reduction and revenue hikes in order to receive bailout funds . "  This is a night for Portugal to celebrate this change , " he said . "  We have our work cut out , but we are n't afraid of working . " Nearly 59 % of Portugal 's registered voters hit the ballot box Sunday , compared to a 61.5 % turnout in 2002 . In a speech Sunday night , Socrates -- who was first elected in 2002 , and re-elected in 2009 -- acknowledged the loss and resigned as head of his party . "  We have lived through extraordinary national and international circumstances but the facts are the facts : We lost , " said Socrates , who wished Coelho and Portugal well going forward . The early election was triggered by Socrates ' resignation in March after the country 's parliament rejected his austerity plan intended to ease the financial crisis . He remained on as the caretaker prime minister and hoped to muster more support in Sunday 's election . During the campaign , Socrates criticized "  the obstruction " to his austerity plan as "  intolerable . " But Coelho , in a March 30 guest column in the Wall Street Journal , headlined "  Our Plan to Fix Portugal , " criticized Socrates ' plan for failing to spur growth while "  imposing unacceptable sacrifices on the most vulnerable members of society . " "  We voted against the ... austerity measures not because they went too far , but because they did n't go far enough , " wrote the 46-year-old Coelho . "  It was too much tax and not enough cost reduction . " He said his party plans to reduce Lisbon 's public deficit to 4.6 % of gross domestic product in 2011  a figure that was 7 % last year  and , by 2013 , down further to 2 % of GDP . He added that he supported reforms aimed at making Portuguese businesses more competitive internationally . His plan , he said , would do so by reducing costs , increasing productivity and pushing viable industries by instituting "  predictable tax policies , effective conflict resolution and reducing bureaucracy . " "  We now have new hope for getting new growth in our economy , to show everyone that we are absolutely committed to reach the  EU mandates  , " Coelho said Sunday night . "  I hope this is a new step for Portugal to re-establish confidence . " Coelho , who was born in Coimbra and spent five years of his childhood in the then-Portuguese colony of Angola , will bring a business background when , as expected , he assumes the prime minister 's job from Socrates in the coming weeks . Active in Portuguese politics since 1980 , most of those in Parliament and since 2010 as his party 's leader , he has also made a name for himself in business . Since 2007 , he has been executive director of Forment Invest , a firm focused on investing in environmentally friendly projects . Like Greece and Ireland , the Portuguese government has already asked for outside help to address its budget crisis , one that 's gotten worse in the worldwide economic downturn . That request to the European Commission was made in April . The cost of Portugal 's borrowings has gone up drastically since Socrates resigned in March . Portugal was due to repay more than 4 billion euros  $ 5.68 billion  to investors in April , followed by payments of almost 5 billion in mid-June . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos and Isa Soares contributed to this report .	NEW : Pedro Passos Coelho , a Social Democrat , says , "  We are n't afraid of working " NEW : To be Portugal 's prime minister after his party forms coalition government Incumbent Jose Socrates , whose party got 28 % of the vote , admits defeat Coelho , a businessman , has said he plans to slash spending and foster growth
Washington  CNN  -- The new Army chief of staff , Gen. Ray Odierno , says there would be risks in leaving a large force of U.S. troops in Iraq beyond the present withdrawal deadline of the end of the year . Odierno , who has served as commander of multinational forces in Iraq , said a large American force could provoke new claims of U.S. occupation and distract from important efforts to develop the Iraqi military 's abilities . "  I always felt we had to be careful about leaving too many people in Iraq , " Odierno said Thursday in a question-and-answer session with journalists at the Pentagon . He would not comment directly on reports that the Obama administration has decided on leaving 3,000 to 5,000 troops , should Iraq make a formal request for them . "  What I would say is there comes a time , and I 've said it before , when it becomes counterproductive , " he said . "  So we 've got to decide what that right number is . " The general , who served more than four years in Iraq in a variety of roles , said the United States is leaving equipment in Iraq , and transition and training on that equipment , as well as other training for Iraqi troops , has not been completed . "  We need to probably be there to assist them at certain levels for a while , " Odierno said .	Gen. Ray Odierno wants to avoid accusations of U.S. occupation Leaving troops also could distract from the effort to boost the Iraqi military , he says "  We 've got to decide what that right number is , " he says
CNN  -- Forget Point Break 's party animals , modern surfing is more about professionalism . That 's the mantra of reigning women 's world champion Stephanie Gilmore , who raises an eyebrow at the mention of the famous film that became a seismic signpost for surfing in the early 1990s . The 25-year-old Australian says the seaside sphere she inhabits is a world away from the society showcased by Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze , stuffed with wavy-haired folk who all referred to each other as "  dudes . " "  The biggest misconception about surfers is they all talk the surf lingo , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  Not everybody does and I think Hollywood portrays a pretty scary image of how surfers go about their language . Not all of us talk like that . "  It 's probably been 30 years now that it has been a professional sport and it has n't grown too much . But now it 's really turned into this phase where it 's about treating the surfers as professional athletes and not just party animals . "  The industry boomed for so long , then it finally plateaued and crashed and right now it 's in a phase of rebuilding itself , trying to get back to its core and really find that market again that everybody loves so much -- the surfing brands , the industry . " If the world of professional surfing seems impossibly glamorous and cool , that 's probably because the reality matches . Gilmore has struck upon a career that embraces her passion for boarding , traveling the globe and riding waves in some spectacular locations . Her emergence into the world of surfing was pretty spectacular too , as she clinched the ASP Women 's World Championship title in her rookie year back in 2007 . She went on to defend her crown for the next three years , regaining it in 2012 after missing out in 2011 . Gilmore is fifth in the 2013 standings after four events , in Australia and New Zealand , with meets in Brazil , France and California still to come . "  This is a dream life , " she beams . "  I am not going to lie , and most professional surfers will tell you that to imagine being paid to travel the world and do something that you absolutely love every day is better than anything . "  I always say that to someone , they always say , ` Why are you so happy all the time ? ' Well , if you had my job you 'd be pretty happy too . " While her prowess has driven her to the very top of the sport , she 's not a fan of the daredevil form of her art , exemplified by the likes of Garret McNamara , who recently surfed a wave reported to be 100 feet in height . "  My biggest fear would have to be giant waves , " she revealed . "  It 's probably not the best fear to have in my work ! A giant wave is big like 30-40 foot . "  It 's scary but it 's something that , hopefully , I 'll push myself to get into one day but right now I am just enjoying high-performance surfing in smaller waves . " It has n't all been plain sailing for the New South Wales native , who cut her surfing teeth on Australia 's glorious Gold Coast , where she still lives and trains today . Gilmore and her fellow female professionals have had to swim against the tide for long periods in what has traditionally been a male-dominated sporting environment . But with standards improving and competition at the very top intensifying , she thinks they have a product which can grow the sport internationally and attract even more women into the water , board in hand . "  Growing up a female surfer in a very male-dominated industry I think has been hard , " she explained . "  Female surfers in the very beginning really struggled to fight for their respect and the positions they deserved . "  I think the last five to 10 years , the women have really blossomed and shown they are not here to compete against the men , they are not here to take anything away from the men . "  We 're just here to surf alongside them and show that we 're learning as much as they are and we 're growing female surfing . "  Every single day I paddle out there 's a lot more girls out there and you see that the market is growing . To watch a girl ride a wave is just a beautiful thing . "  Female surfing in a professional sense , all the girls on tour -- they 're fresh faced , they speak well , it 's a beautiful product -- and I feel like these next few years are going to be about harnessing that product and then showing it to the world in the right way . " Though they are fiercely competitive on the ocean waves , Gilmore says the current crop of females on the ASP tour have formed a close bond away from the beach . "  On the women 's tour there are only 17 of us , so in a sense we 're a family traveling the world , " she said . "  We 're all young girls that love to be girls and we 're really good friends but at the same time we have to paddle out and try and be assertive and really focus to beat each other . "  Whatever happens in the water happens in the water and then we bring it back to land and we can celebrate together and enjoy it . "	Australian Stephanie Gilmore is a five-time women 's surfing world champion The 25-year-old says surfing today is more about professionalism than partying Gilmore laughs at comparison with famous surfing film of the 1990s , Point Break She says traveling the globe to compete in surfing events is her dream job
Gunfire crackles and flames scar battlefields in eastern Ukraine -- signs , officials warn , of a crumbling ceasefire in the volatile region . And there 's new fear that the long simmering battle may be about to explode to a deadly new level . Gen. Philip M. Breedlove , NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe , said he 's concerned about the escalating violence and accused Moscow of violating the norms of Western civilization . "  The ceasefire is in name only at this point , " he told reporters Tuesday . "  The violence continues to increase day by day . " Ukraine 's government and separatist leaders signed a ceasefire deal in September , raising hope that the monthslong conflict in eastern Ukraine was nearing an end . But now , fighting between pro-Russian rebel forces and the Ukrainian military has returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire , a British security source who has detailed knowledge of the matter told CNN . Russia has amassed some 8,000 troops along the Ukraine border , Pentagon officials and the British security source said . Russia has also stepped up shipments of heavy weapons to separatists in recent days , Pentagon officials say . And Moscow has again sent in a convoy that it claims is humanitarian , but U.S. and Ukrainian officials say went through no independent inspection . The situation has come up in meetings between U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meetings in Beijing . But even the Obama administration admits that -- so far -- U.S.-led sanctions are not deterring Russia . "  The sanctions have yet to sufficiently affect Russia 's calculus as it relates to Ukraine , " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters . "  That 's why we continue to impose them . That 's why we continue to be very clear about where we need to see better Russian action . " The sanctions clearly are having an impact on Russia 's economy , he said . Still , he said , "  on Ukraine , we continue to be deeply troubled by Russia 's actions . " The British source told CNN that so-called forced "  Russification " is taking place in the Crimean region , which Russia annexed from Ukraine in March . Those who have declined Russian citizenship in Crimea are being classed as "  foreigners , " the sources said , and have faced difficulty in obtaining health care and banking services . Russia argues that a majority of the region 's residents voted to be ruled by Moscow . But Ukrainian leaders and many Western officials have accused Russia of violating Ukraine 's sovereignty in what amounts to an illegal land grab . Russian state media , meanwhile , has warned that NATO is strengthening its presence in the Baltic region and said the Russian Defense Ministry plans to discuss security in Crimea at a meeting Wednesday .	"  The violence continues to increase day by day , " NATO commander warns British security source : Fighting has returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire Official : "  Sanctions have yet to sufficiently affect Russia 's calculus " on Ukraine
The staggering death toll from the Syrian conflict has grown even further as at least 200 people were killed Tuesday , an opposition group said . About 60 of them were killed in regime air strikes , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Well over 190,000 people have died in Syria in the country 's three-year civil war , which is now complicated by violent takeovers of cities by the militant group ISIS . The SOHR said an ISIS fighter took down a regime fighter jet over Raqqa , a stronghold of ISIS . Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story contained reporting about ISIS and education . CNN has concerns about the interpretation of the information provided and we will update the story when we can verify what is happening .	Government airstrikes blamed for dozens of deaths U.N. : More than 190,000 people have been killed in the Syrian crisis
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Almost 30 years ago , when Wayne Williams went on trial in two deaths that became known as the Atlanta child murders , DNA testing was not yet a staple of courtroom science . Now it is . And new results have implicated Williams in the death of at least one 11-year-old victim . When Patrick Baltazar 's body was found dumped down a wooded slope behind an office park on February 13 , 1981 , a forensic scientist discovered two human scalp hairs inside the boy 's shirt . Watch more about Patrick 's tragic story At trial , scientists from both the FBI and Royal Canadian Mounted Police would testify that , under a microscope , the hairs were consistent with those of Wayne Williams . But that was only a matter of judgment , not exact science . In 2007 , defense lawyers for Williams raised the question of DNA testing on dog hairs which were on bodies of many of the 27 boys and young men found dead during the two-year murder spree . At the same time , the judge decided to allow those two hairs found on Baltazar to be sent to the FBI 's DNA laboratory at Quantico , Virginia . The laboratory report found the scalp hairs had the same type of DNA sequence as did Wayne Williams ' own hair . "  I do n't think they said it was a match , " Williams told CNN . "  I think they said -LSB- they -RSB- could not rule out whoever the hairs were from as being the possible donor . " But retired FBI scientist Harold Deadman , who testified about the hair findings in Williams ' 1982 trial and later became head of the FBI 's DNA lab , said it was the strongest finding possible with this particular type of testing . "  It would probably exclude 98 percent or so of the people in the world , " Deadman said . Of 1,148 African-American hair samples in the FBI 's data base , the FBI said only 29 had the same sequence -- in other words , only 2 1/2 of every 100 African-Americans . None of the Caucasian or Hispanic hair samples in the data base had this sequence . When those samples are added in the total , then the odds rise to almost 130-to-1 against the hairs coming from any person other than Wayne Williams . The FBI report said this : "  Wayne Williams can not be excluded as the source of the hair . " The finding is not ironclad . Because the hairs were incomplete , the type of testing , called mitochondrial DNA , can trace only the maternal line . Only with nucleic DNA testing , which includes paternal lineage , could the results be absolutely conclusive . When CNN showed the DNA results to victim Baltazar 's stepmother , Sheila Baltazar , she said , "  Without a shadow of a doubt , I really in my heart believe Wayne Williams killed Patrick Baltazar . " Williams not only has denied he killed Patrick Baltazar , but has said he never met the boy . Yet testimony at trial established various fibers found on the Baltazar clothing could be traced to a bedroom carpet in Wayne Williams ' home , his bedspread , a yellow blanket found under that bed , a leather jacket hanging in Wayne 's closet , and a gray glove in his station wagon . See a map that tracks victims ' bodies There were also dog hairs on the Baltazar body which prosecution witnesses testified probably came from the Williams family 's German Shepherd , "  Sheba . " When those dog hairs were sent to a genetics laboratory in the School of Veterinary Medicine at the University of California , Davis , in 2007 , the report said Sheba had the same DNA sequence . It said that DNA chain would be found in only 1 out of 100 dogs . The Baltazar case was included among 10 other deaths presented to the jury in Wayne Williams trial , although he was not charged in any of those , and was convicted of murdering two adults whose bodies were found in an Atlanta river in the spring of 1981 . iReport : Do you remember the Atlanta child murders ? Scientists considered the hair and fiber evidence in the Baltazar murder to be among the strongest of their cases . However , the trial took place in the courts of Fulton County , which includes the largest part of Atlanta . Baltazar 's body had been found just over the line in the DeKalb County portion of Atlanta , and trying to include his death among the Fulton County charges would have raised legal issues .	Patrick Baltazar , 11 , was found dead in '81 with scalp hairs in his shirt New DNA test : High likelihood that hairs on Baltazar were from Wayne Williams Williams denied he killed Baltazar , or ever met the boy Police blame Williams in at least 24 killings in Atlanta ; he was convicted of two
CNN  -- Whisper it quietly in France but a trio of English-speaking riders is set to dominate the 99th edition of its most famous sports event , a bike race that represents the Gallic nation 's very essence . Winding across the flatlands of northern France and over the cols of the Pyrenees and the Alps , before finishing on the Champs Elysees in Paris on July 22 , the Tour de France is watched by millions of spectators during its three weeks and literally brings the country to a standstill . The possible success of Britain 's "  Rosbifs " cyclists , and that their main challengers will come from Australia and Canada , is a further sign of the globalization of a sport once dominated by riders from France and northern European neighbors such as Belgium and the Netherlands , plus Italy and Spain . Between 1999 and 2005 seven straight wins for American Lance Armstrong threw a spanner in the spokes of the Tour 's traditional powerbrokers , and the trend has continued apace . Lance Armstrong banned from world Ironman events over doping probe A 32-year-old Londoner , Bradley Wiggins is the favorite for overall victory in 2012 , with his main opposition likely to come from Australian Cadel Evans , who triumphed last year , while Canadian Ryder Hesjedal has a good chance of a podium place . "  I think it 's great because cycling used to be a European sport and now we see Australian riders , North Americans and the British coming forward , " Gilles Simon , the cycling editor of L'Equipe , the French sports newspaper so closely associated with the Tour , told CNN ahead of the race 's start on Saturday . "  Within a few more years I believe we will even see a rider from Asia challenging for major jerseys . But for us the favorite is Bradley Wiggins . " Impeccable credentials Wiggins , a surprising fourth in the 2009 Tour , will start with impeccable credentials . He is the first man to win the Paris-Nice , Tour de Romandie and Criterium du Dauphine stage races in the same season . An in-form Wiggins crashed out early in the 2011 Tour de France and is thus doubly determined to seize the chance to cement his place in cycling 's hall of fame . "  I 've been waiting for this moment for a long time and I 'll do everything I can to win the Tour de France , " Wiggins told Team Sky 's official website . "  The team 's preparation has been perfectly managed and our form this season gives us a great chance of being successful . " Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France in 2011 and the 36-year-old BMC leader will not give up his crown without an almighty fight . "  We 're bringing an even stronger team to the Tour this year and the route would seem to favor me , " he told his team 's official website . Modal shift Throw into the mix Hesjedal , who won last month 's Giro d'Italia , and it is clear there has been a modal shift in cycling supremacy . "  We could have a Tour podium with three native English-speaking riders , " Hesjedal 's team boss at Garmin-Sharp , Jonathan Vaughters , told CNN . American Vaughters is talking up the chances of his 31-year-old star rider , despite recent Giro winners flopping in the Tour de France just a few weeks later . "  Ryder will break that historical trend . Whether he can win the Tour is hard to say , but he will be a contender , " said Vaughters . The cause of the English speakers has been helped by the absence from the 2012 Tour of two riders who may well have had a say in the eventual outcome . Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck and Alberto Contador of Spain fought a classic duel on the slopes of the Col du Tourmalet in the 2010 edition . Contador emerged a narrow victor overall , but was later stripped of the title after failing a doping test during the race . Schleck was awarded the race retrospectively , but his hopes of winning a second Tour were dashed when he withdrew after suffering injuries in a fall at the Dauphine race won by Wiggins earlier this year . Contador ban Contador is still serving a ban as a result of his 2010 misdemeanors and will return in August . The specter of drugs still casts a shadow over cycling , and in the buildup to the Tour the United States Anti Doping Agency  USADA  formally charged Armstrong over allegations of doping . Vaughters , whose team adopts a strict anti-doping stance , is hoping that the increased globalization of the sport -- and with it the opportunity for more sponsorship revenue to boost its coffers -- will play a part in eradicating doping . "  We need all our cyclists to be properly compensated for the incredible physical risks they take every day , " he said . A glimpse at the route for this year 's Tour shows just how exacting a test the 21-stage race really is for the 198 starters from 22 teams . The 3,497-kilometer race will take in 25 categorized climbs in the Alps and Pyrenees , but with 100 km of individual racing against the clock , starting with 6.4 km in the prologue in Liege in Belgium , it favors Wiggins and Evans . Away from the battle for yellow , Mark Cavendish , who joined Wiggins at the powerful and well-funded Team Sky for 2012 , will be defending the maillot vert  green jersey  of the points winner as he bids to add to his fast mounting tally of 20 stage victories in the Tour . Dangerous finishes On the nine flat stages , Cavendish and his sprinter colleagues will get their opportunity to cross the line first in the usual hell for leather and often dangerous finishes . Reigning world champion Cavendish is the leader of that pack and warmed up with three more victories in the Giro . But given his Olympic aspirations -- the road race at the London Games is just a week after the finish of the Tour -- Simon believes he will not seriously defend his green jersey . "  He will win perhaps three or four stages , but not green , " said Simon . The team principal at Sky , Dave Brailsford , admits they have split loyalties . "  Our priority this year is the General Classification with Bradley but that does n't mean we 'll neglect the sprint stages , or Mark 's bid for green jersey , " said Brailsford . If the main contenders for yellow slip up , Italian Vincenzo Nibali of Liquigas , who won the 2010 Tour of Spain , and Belgian Jurgen van den Broeck of Lotto -- a top-five finisher at Le Tour that same year -- are ready to step up . Home hopes And what of French chances in their home Tour ? Last year Thomas Voeckler held on to the yellow jersey for 10 days , won the admiration of cycling fans everywhere and finished fourth overall behind Evans . "  The biggest hope for us is that another rider can do the same as Voeckler , " admitted Simon , who singled out Pierre Rolland , winner of the white jersey last year for best under-25 rider , for a possible high finish . But all the momentum seems to be with Wiggins , the first genuine British contender for overall victory since Tom Simpson in the 1960s . Simpson became the first British rider to claim the race leader 's yellow jersey in 1962 and his achievements paved the way for English-speaking competitors in a sport entirely dominated by Europeans . But five years later he died on Mont Ventoux on the 13th stage of the Tour -- the victim of heat exhaustion and a deadly cocktail of drugs and alcohol -- in a doomed and tragic bid for cycling 's ultimate prize . Simpson was a childhood idol for Wiggins and it would appear fitting if he could ride into Paris in three weeks ' time in yellow and make cycling history .	Bradley Wiggins pre-race favorite to win the Tour de France Wiggins would be first Briton to win the famous three-week race Compatriot Mark Cavendish defending green jersey of points winner Race starts Saturday in Liege , Belgium with a prologue
CNN  -- French Open champion Francesca Schiavone crashed out of Wimbledon in the first round after losing in three sets to unseeded Russian Vera Dushevina . Schiavone of Italy , seeded fifth at the All England Club , went down 6-7 7-5 6-1 to a player who has never been beyond the second round at Wimbledon . It was Schiavone 's second straight first round exit since the capture of her first grand slam title at Roland Garros earlier in June . Dushevina , ranked 56 , lost the first set but grew in confidence as the match went on , racing into a 5-0 lead in the decider and clinching the victory in two hours , 54 minutes . "  It was a tough match on a different surface with a different feeling , " Schiavone told reporters . "  But she played very well and I did n't take my chance in the second set . " Who can stop Williams sisters ? Elsewhere , Kim Clijsters thrashed unseeded Italian Maria Elena Camerin 6-0 6-3 in her first appearance at Wimbledon since 2006 . Clijsters of Belgium , who came out of retirement in 2009 , wrapped up the first set in just 24 minutes on Court Two . And although the Italian fought hard in the second , the eighth seed did not face a single break point as she won in 65 minutes . Clijsters will next face Croatia 's Karolina Sprem , who beat American qualifier Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-3 6-4 . Meanwhile , five-time champion Venus Williams cruised into the second round with a 6-3 6-2 win over Paraguay 's Rossana De Los Rios . "  It 's good to be back . I love playing on the grass , " Williams said . "  It was pretty straightforward out there but it 's just the first round and I 'll try to play better with each match . " In other results , Justine Henin of Belgium beat Latvia 's Anastasija Sevastova 6-4 6-3 , Marion Bartoli of France , the 2007 finalist , beat Julia Goerges 6-4 6-3 and there were wins for Russians Nadia Petrova , Vera Zvonareva and Maria Kirilenko . It was a disappointing day for the home nation with British women Laura Robson , Elena Baltacha and Melanie South all beaten on day one . Robson went down 6-3 7-6 to fourth seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia , Baltacha lost to Croatia 's Petra Martic in three sets 2-6 7-5 6-3 and wildcard South was beaten 6-1 6-2 by Regina Kulikova of Russia .	French Open champion Francesca Schiavone loses to Vera Dushevina Kim Clijsters only drops three games in her first Wimbledon appearance since 2006 Five-time champion Venus Williams and Justine Henin reach round two British women Elena Baltacha , Laura Robson and Melanie South all lose on day one
CNN  -- Former U.S. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop , a pediatric surgeon turned public health advocate , died Monday . He was 96 . Koop served as surgeon general from 1982 to 1989 , under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush . He was outspoken on controversial public health issues and did much to raise the profile the office of the surgeon general . He died peacefully at his home in Hanover , New Hampshire , Dartmouth College said in a news release announcing his death . "  Dr. Koop did more than take care of his individual patients -- he taught all of us about critical health issues that affect our larger society , " said Dartmouth President Carol L. Folt . "  Through that knowledge , he empowered each of us to improve our own well-being and quality of life . Dr. Koop 's commitment to education allowed him to do something most physicians can only dream of : improving the health of millions of people worldwide . " Koop , called "  Chick " by his friends , was perhaps best known for his work around HIV/AIDS . He wrote a brochure about the disease that was sent to 107 million households in the United States in 1988 . It was the largest public health mailing ever , according to a biography of Koop on a website of the surgeon general . He was also well-known for his work around tobacco , calling for a "  smoke-free " society . His 1986 surgeon general 's report on the dangers of secondhand smoke was seminal . "  That was the shot heard around the world , and it began to change public policy everywhere , " said John Seffrin , chief executive officer of the American Cancer Society . The report started the move toward prohibiting smoking on airplanes , restaurants and at workplaces . "  The legacy of C. Everett Koop is how a wonderful , famous pediatric surgeon , who 'd already made a name for himself , was willing at a relatively advanced age to do public service and show bold leadership that would have dramatic impact and change the world , " Seffrin said . Prior to his tenure as surgeon general , Koop was surgeon-in-chief for more than 30 years at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . "  A pioneer in the field of pediatric surgery , Dr. Koop 's contributions include advances in complex surgical procedures , such as the separation of conjoined twins , establishment of the nation 's first newborn surgical intensive care unit and the implementation of Children 's Hospital 's surgical fellowship training program , " the hospital said in a statement . "  The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia will be forever indebted to Dr. Koop for the imprint he left upon the institution and upon all of pediatric health care . " Koop was born in Brooklyn , New York , and attended Dartmouth , Weill Cornell Medical College and the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania . He was the author of more than 200 articles and books , and the recipient of various awards . In 1991 , Koop won an Emmy for a five-part series on health care reform , Dartmouth said . He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995 . Known for wearing bow ties , suspenders and having a clipped beard , Koop is survived by his wife , three children and eight grandchildren . His first wife , to whom he was married for nearly 70 years , died in 2007 . "  Dr. Koop was not only a pioneering pediatric surgeon but also one of the most courageous and passionate public health advocates of the past century , " said Wiley W. Souba , dean of the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth . "  He did not back down from deeply rooted health challenges or powerful interests that stood in the way of needed change . Instead , he fought , he educated and he transformed lives for the better . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	He is best known for his work on HIV/AIDS and tobacco Koop served as surgeon general in the 1980s under two presidents He was surgeon-in-chief at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia Koop is survived by his wife , three children and eight grandchildren
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the central plaza , there was once an orgy of music , street dancing and revelry unmatched by any other nation in the Americas , Haitians say . But where there was joy now sits a vast settlement of people left without loved ones , without homes , without life 's belongings . Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed . Popular belief was that if a government failed to deliver on Carnival , Haiti 's equivalent of Mardi Gras , it was sure to fall , said Marie Laurence Lassegue , Haiti 's minister of culture and information . But this year , the three-day festival has been canceled , another indication of the enormity of the earthquake 's devastation . Musicians fell silent , seamstresses stopped sewing costumes and ghostly skeletons of unfinished floats lay scattered on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince . A month after the devastating January 12 earthquake , the Champs de Mars plaza is home to the capital 's displaced , where thousands of people have eked out a tiny space in which to survive . Full coverage of the earthquake 's aftermath "  This is the first time Carnival is not happening , " said Roberto Martino , lead singer of popular Kompa band T-Vice . "  I do n't even think about music anymore . " Less than a week ahead of Carnival 's start on Sunday , revelry is replaced with mourning . The nation 's foremost concert producer , Charles Jubert , died . So did members of four bands who were practicing inside a studio that collapsed . Other musicians lost legs , arms and hands . They will not be able to play again . "  I do n't think we have time to think of Carnival , " Lassegue said . "  Maybe when we are finished crying . " Carnival 's three days of deliverance and celebration has tremendous importance in the lives of Haitians , Lassegue said . "  But this year ? I do n't even remember when it is . " Instead , the displaced are planning days of prayer . "  We 're living in a city that 's like a cemetery , " said Ronide Baduel , a nurse who lost her home and all her belongings in the quake . Her brother died and suddenly , she found herself far from her middle-class existence , relegated to a makeshift tent and burlap bags she uses for pillows at night . "  I had four good walls around me . Now I have four sheets , " she said . She goes to work with a big , black faux-leather purse containing toothpaste , soap and a change of underwear . There , she can bathe properly . "  We do n't know how many days , how many months , how long we will be this way , " she said . "  I am always stressed . It 's like living in a jungle . How can I dance at Carnival ? " Baduel and her tent community neighbors said the money that would have been spent on Carnival ought to be used to build housing . Nearby , the 44 members of Relax Band , who normally would be revving up their street performances in the days before Carnival , worried about their next meal . They played the Sunday before the earthquake , marching through the streets , getting ready for the big performance . Now , everything was gone , - including all their instruments that were crushed when band coordinator Ernst Beauvais ' house collapsed . A small stage emblazoned with the red and white logo of Relax Band now harbors a massive water bladder tank dropped off by an aid group and a few mattresses for slumber under the stars . "  It is one of the greatest tragedies to befall our country , " Beauvais said , pointing to the rubble of his house . He said it was the street band 's 30th anniversary ; the musicians were looking forward to showcasing their new song . Almost every band in Haiti debuts new pieces at Carnival . On the outskirts of town , the skeletons of three floats sit like ghosts , reminders of what might have come next week . One of the floats belongs to T-Vice . Bandmates Roberto Martino and Eddy Viau would have been practicing with the rest of the band for their Carnival performance - -- it 's an honor to win top prize . "  If you have a good showing at Carnival , you 're set for the rest of the year , " Martino said . This year , the band had planned a soccer-themed show with a song called "  The End of the Match . " Instead it recently released "  Nou Pap Lage "  We Wo n't Give Up "  , dedicated to the victims of the earthquake . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti Martino tried to sing a few verses . "  There are so many things going through my head , " he said . Overcome by emotion , he had to compose himself and start again . "  People are saying Haiti is finished , but no , no , no , we will rise up , " he sang softly . "  We will strive . We will rebuild Haiti . We will stand united . " "  Do n't be discouraged . There will be light at the end of the tunnel . My Haitian people . I will not let go . " Proceeds from downloads of the song are going to the nonprofit organizations Sow A Seed and MedShare . Music , Martino said , was so essential to Haitian life . But he did n't know when this rare silence would end ; when he would be able to write lyrics , put them to melody . "  We 're all so traumatized , " he said . Carnival , he said , was Haiti 's musical showcase . "  We 've lost our biggest tradition . Carnival was part of us . "	Less than week ahead of Haiti 's Carnival celebration , revelry replaced with mourning Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed "  I do n't even remember when it is , " Haiti official says about upcoming three-day festival
CNN  -- A reporter from a right-wing media outlet heckled President Obama -- not once , but twice -- on Friday as he was unveiling a new immigration policy . If this shocks you , you have n't been paying attention . This is simply the latest page from the right 's playbook to delegitimize Barack Obama 's presidency . Some may dismiss it as an isolated incident , but it 's not . It goes much deeper . Believe me , I know hecklers -- I 'm a stand-up comedian . If someone heckles me once , it can be a mistake : too many drinks , overcome by emotion , etc. . But when you heckle twice , you have an agenda . Neil Munro , the Irish born reporter who heckled President Obama , was not just from some random publication . He works for The Daily Caller , a right-wing website whose editor-in-chief is the bow-tie wearing Tucker Carlson .  You may recall Carlson as the guy who famously sparred with â $ " and was taken down by -- Jon Stewart on CNN years ago . Munro 's first heckle occurred while President Obama was in midsentence , with Munro yelling out : "  Why do you favor foreigners over Americans ? " Obama responded : "  Excuse me , sir , but it 's not time for questions . " Munro countered : "  Are you going to take questions ? " To which the president answered : "  Not while I 'm speaking . " Later , Munro again interrupted the president in midstatement . Obama kept his cool ; he simply finished his statement . If I had been president , I would have deported Munro back to his country of origin . A quick perusal of Munro 's Twitter feed reveals he does not hide his contempt for President Obama . His tweets range from claims that Obama is using NASCAR and country music to attract "  white non-college voters , " to slams of Michelle Obama , to allegations that Obama is racially discriminating against blacks in his White House hiring practices . But this is all not about Munro -- he is just a small cog in the right 's campaign to diminish the legitimacy of Obama 's presidency . I 'm not talking about people disagreeing with policies . I mean specifically the campaign to paint Barack Obama as less than American -- as an "  other " -- as someone whose presidency is not entitled to the same respect as that of the presidents who came before him . This crusade began in the days before Barack Obama was even sworn in as president . Back then , Rush Limbaugh , the radio host and self-described "  entertainer , " announced on his show that he hoped Obama would fail as president . Obama had not even made his first decision as president . The campaign has continued with the right 's birther movement contending that Obama was not born in the United States and hence should not be president . Some , like evangelical leader Franklin Graham , have suggested that Obama is a Muslim  he is a Christian  , which to many on the right would mean he 's not a "  real " American . We have seen Republican Rep. Joe Wilson yell out at President Obama , "  You lie " while Obama addressed a joint session of Congress in 2009 . Can anyone remember the last time a U.S. president was called a liar in a joint session of Congress ? I ca n't . Then there was Republican Rep. Joe Walsh , who last July called on President Obama to "  quit lying " in regards to the debt ceiling debate . Can anyone remember something like this with previous presidents ? I ca n't either . And , of course , there 's Donald Trump , not only periodically renewing the "  birther " fabrication , but also demanding to see President Obama 's college grades , implying he does n't think Obama is intellectually qualified to be president . So you see , Munro is just doing his tiny part . And no doubt some on the right will exalt him for his "  courage . " His boss , Tucker Carlson , defended him by saying that no one was upset when then-ABC reporter Sam Donaldson heckled President Reagan . But Fox News ' Chris Wallace recalled today that when he was a White House correspondent with Donaldson during the Reagan administration , no one ever heckled the president . So , yet another lie . But the truth does n't matter to the far right . It 's not about policy or what is good for the United States of America . It 's about delegitimizing President Obama for political gain . In the coming months , as we get closer to Election Day , you may see many more of these kinds of attacks . While they may disgust you , they should never surprise you . It 's all in the playbook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A reporter from right-wing site heckled Obama as he talked about immigration He says heckling from Irish-born reporter part of right 's campaign to delegitimize Obama He says incidents include Wilson 's "  you lie , " Trump seeking Obama 's grades Obeidallah : Expect to see more disrespecting of the president as "  the other " during campaign
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As an organization they 're used to investing billions of dollars in scientific experiments that further our knowledge of earth and space . But the only bill to speak of on this occasion is orange and attached to the body of a rubber duck . Scientists from NASA hope that rubber ducks will help them better understand glacier movements . In the name of climate change science , researchers at NASA have dropped 90 rubber ducks into holes of Greenland 's fastest moving glacier : the Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay . Scientists remain unsure as to why glaciers speed up their movement in the summer months and it is hoped that the rubber ducks -- labeled with the words "  science experiment " and "  reward " in three languages , along with an email address -- will shed some light on the phenomenon . One theory is that the summer sun melts ice on the surface of the glacier which creates pools of water which then flow into moulins -- narrow tubular shafts in the glacier . These then transport the water from the top to the underside of the glacier . It 's thought that this base water acts as a lubricant to speed up the movement of the glacier towards the sea . It is hoped the ducks will help show how the water moves through the ice . In conjunction with the ducks , Nasa has also launched a GPS probe which they hope will tell them more about the inner workings of the glacier . So far , neither the probe nor any of the ducks have turned up . Alberto Behar of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California told Reuters : "  We have n't heard back but it may take some time until somebody actually finds it and decides to send us an e-mail that they have found it . " The Jakobshavn Glacier is responsible for seven percent of all ice which is peeling off Greenland and its ice sheets could contribute to sea levels rising this century . The glacier 's menace was also felt last century . Experts believe that it was the source of the iceberg which sank the Titanic in 1912 . It 's not the first time rubber ducks have helped scientists track water flows . Thousands fell into the sea in 1992 when a container ship bound for Seattle from China shed its load in a storm in the Pacific Ocean . The ducks spent years at sea and washed up in all corners of the globe , telling oceanographers much about the surface currents of the oceans .	NASA scientists launch a flotilla of 90 rubber ducks to investigate ice melt in glacier The Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay is the fastest moving glacier in Greenland Researchers investigating why glacier movement speeds up during summer months
CNN  -- Add Heart to the list of bands that are bowing out of a show at SeaWorld because of the CNN documentary "  Blackfish . " "  Heart has chosen to decline their forthcoming performance at SeaWorld on 2/9/14 due to the controversial documentary film ` Black Fish , ' " the band said Sunday on its verified Twitter account . Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson did not elaborate . But the duo is n't the first to cancel a concert at the Florida theme park because of the film . Country singer Willie Nelson and Canadian rock act Barenaked Ladies also pulled the plug on their shows . "  While we 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld by Heart , Barenaked Ladies and Willie Nelson , Â we respect the bands ' decisions , " SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck told CNN on Sunday . Nelson : ` What they do at SeaWorld is not OK ' The documentary -- which first aired on CNN in October -- tells the story of the killing in 2010 of experienced SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by a 12,000-pound orca . The film raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity over the past 39 years . Moved by the documentary , fans started online petitions asking musicians to stay away . ` Blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks When the Barenaked Ladies nixed their plans last week to play at SeaWorld , they explained that it was a decision made after viewing "  Blackfish . " "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said in a Facebook post . When SeaWorld 's Gollattscheck confirmed Nelson 's decision not to sing at SeaWorld , he cited "  scheduling conflicts , " but Nelson said it was because of the documentary and petition . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Nelson told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . " ` Blackfish ' focuses on a handful of incidents over our long history at the exclusion of everything else , " wrote Michael Scarpuzzi , vice president for zoological operations at San Diego SeaWorld , in an op-ed on CNN.com . "  Not a single interview with a guest who was inspired and enriched by their experience with killer whales at SeaWorld . Not one visitor who left SeaWorld more aware of the need to preserve the world around them . Not one word about the thousands of ill , orphaned and injured animals rescued by SeaWorld or the millions of dollars we dedicate to supporting conservation and research . " SeaWorld responds to questions about captive orcas , ` Blackfish ' film CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : SeaWorld says it regrets "  a small group of misinformed individuals " prevailed The duo is n't the first to cancel a concert The film raises questions about killer whales in captivity SeaWorld says the film ignores park 's conservation efforts
CNN  -- Doc Watson , the bluegrass music legend from Appalachia who was renowned for his flatpicking and fingerstyle technique on the acoustic guitar , died Tuesday at a hospital in North Carolina , according to Mary Katherine Aldin of Folklore Productions , which represented the singer . He was 89 . Watson , a Grammy winning musician who was blinded after birth , had been struggling to recover from May 24 colon surgery and then a followup procedure two days later . The Winston-Salem Journal had reported that Watson 's family was called to his bedside Sunday at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center after he took a turn for the worse . The website of Folklore Productions , which is run by the singer 's representative , Mitch Greenhill , had been providing updates on his difficult recovery . Watson , who jumped onto the music scene in the early 1960s , is considered influential among folk musicians for his brand of bluegrass , blues , country and gospel music . He won seven Grammy awards and , in 2004 , a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award . He was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 2010 . "  Watson 's immense talent and spirit will be deeply missed , and our sincerest sympathies go out to his family , friends and all who were inspired by his music , " said a statement from Neil Portnow , president/CEO of The Recording Academy , which awards the Grammys . Watson , whose mother sang around the house and whose father was a banjo player and vocalist who led the singing at their Baptist church , was a fingerstyle player who used a thumbpick for bass and a fingerpick for the treble strings -- a "  two-finger " style that was self-taught . As a flatpicker , he used a traditional tear-shaped medium gauge nylon flatpick and was known for his speed , tone and precision -- with a little extra arm motion . Born Arthel Lane Watson in Stoney Fork Township , near Deep Gap , North Carolina , on March 3 , 1923 , Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby . He toured with his son Merle before Merle 's death after a farming accident in 1985 , and continually played at an annual festival called MerleFest in his son 's honor . Watson got his nickname during a live radio broadcast . "  The announcer remarked that his given name Arthel was odd and he needed an easy nickname , " according to a biography on the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame website . "  A fan in the crowd shouted ` Call him Doc . ' The name stuck ever since . " Watson credited his own father for helping him get his start in music . "  One day he brought  a banjo  to me and put it in my hand and said , ` Son , I want you to learn how to play this thing real well , " Watson told National Public Radio 's Terry Gross in 1988 . "  It might help you get through the world . " Watson was steeped in music as a child , from the time his mother held him in her arms at the Mount Paton Church and he listened to the harmony and shape-note singing of such songs as "  The Lone Pilgrim " and "  There is a Fountain , " according to a 1998 article in Flatpicking Guitar Magazine by Dan Miller . In 1947 , Watson married Rosa Lee Carlton , the daughter of an old-time fiddler , and they had two children , Eddy Merle  named after Eddy Arnold and Merle Travis  , born in 1949 , and daughter Nancy Ellen , born in 1951 . When his son died in 1985 at the age of 36 in the tractor accident , Watson was devastated and vowed to quit playing music -- an experience that would turn his life upside down . His son , a music partner , was "  the best friend I ever had in this world , " Watson said , according to Miller 's magazine article . According to Miller , Watson told Acoustic Musician magazine in 1997 : "  The night before the funeral I had decided to quit , just give up playing . Well that night I had this dream . "  Now , usually I do have some light perception , but in this dream it was so dark I could hardly stand it . It was like I was in quicksand up to my waist and I felt I was n't gon na make it out alive . "  Then suddenly this big old strong hand reached back and grabbed me by the hand and I heard this voice saying , ` Come on Dad , you can make it . Keep going . ' Then I woke up . I think the good Lord was telling me it was all right to continue with my music . It 's been a struggle , but I still have the love for the music , " Watson told Acoustic Musician . That same year , 1997 , Watson received the National Medal of the Arts from President Clinton . He also received an honorary degree from Appalachian State University in Boone , North Carolina , where an endowment for Appalachian Studies is in his name , and he also received an honorary doctorate from the University of North Carolina at Asheville . CNN 's Ed Payne and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Doc Watson has died at a North Carolina hospital , his representative says Watson , 89 , had colon surgery last week at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center Born in Deep Gap , North Carolina , Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby The multiple Grammy winner was known for his flatpicking and fingerstyle technique
Washington  CNN  -- South Carolina political operatives say Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham deftly figured out how to duck , dodge and parry the kinds of conservative challenges that have bedeviled some fellow party incumbents this primary season . The strategy seemed twofold : Make friends in enemy camps and wield a big war chest . To accomplish the first part , he made strategic alliances with the tea party-backed newcomers in his congressional delegation who could have posed a political threat . Those lawmakers include people such as Rep. Trey Gowdy , a former state attorney and U.S. attorney . Conservatives in the Palmetto State had hoped Gowdy would challenge the state 's senior senator . When conservative radio host Laura Ingraham asked Gowdy in July whether he would consider challenging Graham , the answer was a quick no . Graham 's alliances paid off Tuesday in South Carolina 's primary . He easily topped the 50 % threshold needed to avoid a runoff . Graham 's opposition was fractured heading into the primary . State Sen. Lee Bright came in a distant second , followed by five other challengers who all registered in the single digits . Gowdy told CNN last week he had worked with Graham on several issues , ranging from debt reduction to Benghazi . Graham and Gowdy , along with two other South Carolina congressional delegation members , Sen. Tim Scott and Rep. Mick Mulvaney , helped take the lead in sponsoring legislation this year that would allow states to opt out of the individual and employer mandate portions of Obamacare . Both Graham and Gowdy have also been deeply critical of the Obama administration 's handling of the deadly attacks on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , in 2012 that left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Gowdy is chairman of a newly established House committee charged with investigating those attacks . Then there 's Graham 's massive war chest -- $ 9.4 million , a figure that far eclipses what his six opponents have been able to raise , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , a nonprofit organization which analyzes the influence of money in politics . He 's used that money to target conservative strongholds and airwaves with ads , state political analysts said . "  Graham stockpiled millions of dollars and probably forced potential challengers to really wrestle with whether it was worth it to give up whatever office they might currently hold to take him on , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report . "  That might have kept some top-tier challengers on the sidelines . " Not too shabby for a lawmaker who is reviled in some conservative Republican circles for his support of immigration reform , and prior willingness to discuss climate change and gun policy reform . Several county party chapters censured the lawmaker for working with Democrats , and for what they see as failure to uphold conservative values , said Dave Woodard , a political science professor at Clemson University who co-wrote a book on free speech with former Sen. Jim DeMint . "  Lindsey Graham took this seriously . He knew how critical the primary was against him and he began working on it , " said Woodard who is also a former GOP consultant for DeMint , Graham , Gowdy and several other South Carolina members of Congress . "  He had seen some incumbent Republicans get beaten in primaries , and so he was well armed . " According to the New York Times , Graham was raised in the town of Central , South Carolina , the son of a pool hall owner , and only managed a combined score of 800 on his SATs . But he earned undergraduate and law degrees from the University of South Carolina , and has been an Air Force lawyer and a member of the U.S. House . He is known as a quick study , political analysts said . Take for example his positioning on climate change . In 2009 , he co-sponsored a letter , along with then Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Sen. Joe Lieberman , then a Democrat from Connecticut , detailing support for climate change legislation . Conservatives in South Carolina were outraged . Just a year later , Graham told the media that he questioned what he sees as an alarmist approach to climate change . "  The science about global warming has changed , " he said . Graham 's shifts are a strategic appeal to conservatives in his state , political analysts said . Hogan Gidley , a GOP consultant and a former executive director of the state party , told CNN that Graham succeeded in "  tethering himself " to Scott , a favorite of the right , "  touting his conservative credentials in commercials , and basically telling voters that at the end of the day he 's a conservative . " CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Sen. Lindsey Graham has carefully evaded conservative attacks , political analysts say His alliances with tea party lawmakers , large war chest contributed to his primary victory Graham is a quick study who has learned how to shift stances and views depending on political headwinds
Health.com  -- When billionaire investor Warren Buffett revealed last week that he has been diagnosed with early-stage prostate cancer , the reaction -- including from Buffett himself -- amounted to a collective shrug . Buffett said his doctors told him the cancer is "  not remotely life-threatening or even debilitating in any meaningful way , " which led some observers to wonder why the 81-year-old had bothered to get screened for the disease in the first place . Since 2008 , an independent panel of experts that advises the federal government on preventive care has discouraged the use of prostate-specific antigen  PSA  tests -- a type of blood test -- to screen for cancer in men ages 75 and up . Tumors in this population tend to be slow-growing and asymptomatic , so early detection may carry more risks than benefits , the panel concluded . Health.com : What men must know about PSA tests Buffett 's diagnosis is n't the only sign that this recommendation has n't sunk in . According to a research letter published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association , PSA testing rates in men over age 75 have remained steady since the panel released its guidelines in 2008 . National survey data shows that 43 % of men in that age bracket underwent PSA screening in 2005 . In 2010 , the researchers found , 44 % reported having a PSA test done -- a statistically negligible difference . "  Screening patterns could n't have been more similar before and after , " says lead researcher Scott E. Eggener , M.D. , an assistant professor of surgery at the University of Chicago Medical Center . PSA tests are n't harmful in and of themselves , but studies have shown that positive results can lead to psychological distress , unnecessary biopsies , and overtreatment . In older men , most early-stage tumors do n't require treatment because the men are likely to succumb to something else before the tumor becomes dangerous . Treatments , including surgery and radiation , may be riskier than continuing to monitor a tumor , since they carry a risk of incontinence and sexual dysfunction .  Buffet , for his part , has elected to undergo radiation . Health.com : Do you really need that medical test ? So why have n't screening rates budged ? The researchers can only speculate , but it could be that doctors and patients simply are n't aware of the new guidelines . Another , more troubling possibility is that some prostate cancer specialists are recommending PSA tests to collect the reimbursement fee and generate business . Eggener says neither of these scenarios is especially likely , however . The media coverage surrounding the 2008 guidelines has been hard to miss , he says , and although there may be a "  subset " of specialists who are "  consciously or unconsciously " overscreening and overtreating their patients , most PSA tests are ordered by primary care physicians with no financial stake in a diagnosis . What 's more likely is that doctors and patients are accustomed to viewing screening as a good thing , and are unable or unwilling to let that belief go despite all the data to the contrary . "  Physicians and patients latch onto the concept of screening for cancer and catching cancers early , " Eggener says . The ongoing discussion surrounding the appropriate amount of cancer screening extends beyond prostate cancer . The panel that issued the 2008 guidelines , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force  USPSTF  , has spurred controversy in recent years by relaxing its screening recommendations for breast and cervical cancer as well . Health.com : A guide to breast cancer screening In 2011 , the task force released draft guidelines that extended its recommendation against PSA testing to men of all ages . The current trend suggests the new guidelines may go unheeded , especially since not everyone agrees that PSA tests should be universally discouraged . Even among men in the 75-and-over bracket , Eggener says , screening might make sense for certain patients . Older men in relatively poor health probably wo n't benefit from early detection and treatment , he says , but that might not be true for a healthy and active 75-year-old who 's likely to live long enough for a tumor to spread . "  It 's very reasonable to check PSA levels , because it might save that guy 's life , " he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Since 2008 , experts have discouraged the use of PSA tests for men over 75 Tumors in this population tend to be slow-growing and asymptomatic Yet data shows that 44 % of men in that age bracket underwent PSA screening
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Three former Atlanta police officers were sentenced Tuesday to prison terms ranging from five to 10 years for covering up a botched drug raid in which a 92-year-old woman was killed . Kathryn Johnston was shot five times in a botched drug raid on her Atlanta home two years ago . Jason Smith was sentenced to 10 years in the November 2006 raid that left Kathryn Johnston dead in a hail of bullets . Former officers Greg Junnier and Arthur Tesler were sentenced to six and five years , respectively , said Patrick Crosby , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office for the Northern District of Georgia . Investigators determined the raid at Johnston 's home was based on falsified paperwork stating that illegal drugs were present . The incident prompted a major overhaul of the Atlanta Police Department 's drug unit . "  Officers who think , as these defendants once did , that the ends justify the means or that ` taking shortcuts ' and telling lies will not be discovered and punished should realize that they are risking their careers and their liberty . " U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said in a written statement . "  Officers who try to obstruct justice when their misconduct faces exposure , rather than cooperating in the investigation , should realize that they will face even more severe punishment . " All three men pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights resulting in death . Smith and Junnier also pleaded guilty to state charges of voluntary manslaughter and making false statements , and Smith admitted to planting bags of marijuana in Johnston 's home after her death . U.S. District Judge Julie Carnes ordered all three men to serve three years of supervised release after their prison terms , and to split Johnston 's funeral costs , which totaled $ 8,180 , authorities said . On Monday , Junnier broke down on the witness stand during a sentencing hearing , WXIA reported , saying , "  I used to think I was a good person . " Smith said , "  I pray daily for Ms. Johnston . I also pray other officers in Atlanta will have the moral fortitude I did n't have , " according to WXIA . Tesler was convicted on one state count of making false statements after filling out an affidavit saying that an informant had purchased crack cocaine at Johnston 's home in a crime-plagued neighborhood near downtown Atlanta . The informant , however , denied ever having been to Johnston 's home , leading to probes by local and federal authorities as well as the breakup and reorganization of the Atlanta police narcotics unit . The raid occurred as police were executing a so-called "  no-knock " search warrant based on the faulty information . Police said Johnston fired at them with an old pistol during the raid , and they returned fire in self-defense . Johnston 's one shot went through her front door and over the officers ' heads ; they responded with 39 shots , hitting the elderly woman five times . Tesler 's state conviction was reversed on appeal , but he pleaded guilty to the federal charge . Junnier and Smith face sentencing March 5 on state charges including voluntary manslaughter , but according to their plea agreement , their sentence will be served at the same time as the federal sentence , authorities said . Shortly after the federal probe began , however , Junnier began cooperating with authorities , providing "  valuable assistance in the investigation and prosecution of Smith and Tesler , " according to the statement issued by Nahmias ' office . Smith also cooperated "  to a more limited extent , " the statement said , adding that both Junnier and Smith 's sentences were reduced because of their cooperation . Prosecutors have said that the officers regularly presented false information to obtain warrants and that they cut corners to make more time for lucrative side jobs providing additional security to businesses , often while on duty , and receiving cash payments . "  As Atlanta police narcotics officers , these three defendants repeatedly failed to follow proper procedures and then lied under oath to obtain search warrants , " Nahmias said . "  Their routine violations of the Fourth Amendment led to the death of an innocent citizen . " The investigation into the raid at Johnston 's home also led to guilty pleas from the police sergeant in charge of the narcotics unit and another officer who admitted to extortion , prosecutors said .	NEW : Two of three men get reduced sentences for cooperating with authorities Three ex-Atlanta police officers sentenced in elderly woman 's shooting death Sentences range from five to 10 years , spokesman for federal prosecutors says Kathryn Johnston , 92 , killed in her home during botched drug raid in November 2006
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans offered their own proposal Monday in the heated battle to avert the so-called fiscal cliff , but it was quickly rebuffed by President Barack Obama 's administration for not demanding more from the nation 's wealthiest taxpayers . The GOP plan promises $ 2.2 trillion in deficit savings over the next decade , including $ 800 billion from tax reform , $ 600 billion from Medicare reforms and other health savings and $ 600 billion in other spending cuts , House Republican leadership aides said . It also pledges $ 200 billion in savings by revising the consumer price index , a measure of inflation . House Speaker John Boehner called it a "  credible plan that deserves serious consideration by the White House . " The move follows spitting back and forth in recent weeks , with each side claiming the other is n't sincere about striking a deal to avoid automatic tax increases and spending cuts in January , a scenario many economists say would hurt the U.S. economy . Senior Obama administration officials slammed the Republican plan , calling it a step backward in negotiations and not worthy of its own counteroffer because it is n't serious enough . Opinion : Beware the fiscal cliff deniers White House spokesman Dan Pfeiffer criticized it for not meeting "  the test of balance . " Another Obama spokesman , Jay Carney , earlier said the president "  will not sign a bill that extends those tax rates for the top 2 % , " as the GOP proposal would do . "  Until the Republicans in Congress are willing to get serious about asking the wealthiest to pay slightly higher tax rates , we wo n't be able to achieve a significant , balanced approach to reduce our deficit , " Pfeiffer said . Republicans make budget counter-offer Republicans offered the plan amid pressure for a House vote -- which Boehner has so far prevented -- on a measure already approved by the Senate to extend tax cuts for families making less than $ 250,000 a year and to allow rates to return to Clinton-era levels for wealthier households . Lower tax rates set in 2001 and 2003 were extended for two years as part of budget talks in 2010 . In line with his stances during his first term and re-election campaign , Obama 's deficit-reduction plan would increase tax revenue by almost $ 1 trillion over 10 years , a significant cut of a $ 4 trillion overall deficit reduction goal . In addition to adding a $ 50 billion stimulus package , his proposal closes loopholes , limits deductions , raises the estate tax rate to 2009 levels and increases tax rates on capital gains and dividends . Opinion : A tax we could learn to love Yet Republicans , led by Boehner , have objected to any increase in tax rates , even for the wealthiest Americans . They have said an agreement must include major reforms of entitlement programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid government-run health-care programs for senior citizens , the disabled and the poor . Their plan offered Monday proposed $ 800 billion in deficit savings through tax reform , including an unspecified amount of revenue raised by eliminating tax deductions and loopholes . The GOP letter said the offer is based on a framework proposed last year by Erskine Bowles , a Democrat and one-time White House chief of staff who co-chaired a bipartisan deficit reduction panel appointed by Obama in 2010 . "  This is by no means an adequate long-term solution , as resolving our long-term fiscal crisis will require fundamental entitlement reform , " the letter said . "  Indeed , the Bowles plan is exactly the kind of imperfect , but fair middle ground that allows us to avert the fiscal cliff without hurting our economy and destroying jobs . " GOP , break Grover Norquist 's grip on you In his response , Pfeiffer said the Republican proposal "  includes nothing new and provides no details on which deductions they would eliminate , which loopholes they will close or which Medicare savings they would achieve . " "  Independent analysts who have looked at plans like this one have concluded that middle class taxes will have to go up to pay for lower rates for millionaires and billionaires , " he said . And Bowles denied any direct connection to the GOP proposal , saying it reflected his view of a middle-ground approach a year ago but "  circumstances have changed since then . " "  It is up to negotiators to figure out where the middle ground is today , " Bowles said . Recent posturing on both sides -- such as Boehner saying this weekend he was "  flabbergasted " by Obama 's plan -- reflects mistrust built up over two years of deficit wars that have left Congress with a reputation for dysfunction . 5 ways you would stop the fiscal cliff In 2011 , Republicans demanded major budget cuts before they authorized a hike in the federal debt ceiling , a fight that contributed to a U.S. credit rating downgrade . The end of that crisis was a temporary fix that set up the current crisis , which sets the stage for sharp and widespread tax increases and the start of budget cuts of $ 1 trillion over 10 years if there is no agreement . Experts have said failing to reach a fiscal cliff deal and devise a framework for a broader deficit reduction package to be negotiated when the new Congress is seated in January will cause economic turmoil and threaten the U.S. credit rating . The non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that middle-class families would pay about $ 2,000 a year more in taxes without action . According to a CNN/ORC International Poll released last week , 56 % of respondents said higher taxes were a fair tradeoff if it helps lower-income people , while 36 % said taxes should be kept low to create jobs . Listen : WWJD ... about taxes ? Another survey , by ABC News and the Washington Post , showed two thirds of respondents support Obama 's call for holding down tax rates for everyone except the wealthiest Americans . So what happens next ? Senior Obama administration officials said Monday the GOP 's plan was a nonstarter , primarily because they said it would actually lower tax rates for those in the top 2 % income bracket and was too short on specifics . But even with no more offers officially in the works , both sides will keep talking , the officials said . That may happen as soon as Monday night , when all members of Congress are invited to a holiday reception at which they can talk to , among others , the president himself . Defense companies see cuts coming even with a budget deal CNN 's Ashley Killough , Adam Levy , Deirdre Walsh and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	House GOP leaders call for some revenue increases , more spending cuts House Speaker John Boehner rejects any increase in tax rates Obama administration officials dismiss the GOP offer as not serious The tax issue has stymied deficit reduction talks for two years
CNN  -- David Beckham stressed his desire to launch a new Major League Soccer franchise on Wednesday , as the former England captain revealed his passion about becoming a future club owner . The former L. A. Galaxy star 's potential interest in Miami was leaked on Tuesday , but the footballer-turned-global-icon refused to confirm or deny the reports when speaking at a launch for his new book . "  I 'm passionate about staying in football and being an owner of a team is something I 'm passionate about , " the 38-year-old said on a show broadcast live on Facebook to his 30 million followers . "  Miami is one of the places we looked at , and we 've looked at others too . " Included in the ground-breaking contract he signed with Galaxy in 2007 was the option to create a new MLS team for $ 25 million , a right that the former Manchester United , Real Madrid and Milan star is now aiming to exercise . "  When I signed my contract six , seven years ago , my manager Simon Fuller actually got a clause in the contract that enabled me to have a franchise at the end of my playing career and obviously now I 've stopped playing , " Beckham added . Full details have yet to emerge of how the expansion and its funding may come about in a city whose only previous MLS team -- Miami Fusion -- was closed in 2002 , after just four years in the league . Yet there is renewed belief that Miami , with many local football fans and a handful of suitable stadiums , could be ready for a new team . Indeed , Italian financier Alessandro Butini is behind a potential rival bid , having created a website -- MIA4MLS.com -- earlier this year to drum up support and suggest designs for a new stadium . Major League Soccer currently has 19 teams , and a 20th club -- New York City FC -- is set to launch in 2015 . "  It 's going to get better and bigger , " said Beckham . "  Since I moved there , 11 to 12 teams have come into the league . I have seen the excitement of the people talking about soccer or football . " Ferguson Row Despite being slammed for a preoccupation with fame by Alex Ferguson in his recent autobiography , Beckham refused to slate the former Manchester United manager as he conducted an innovative digital book-signing session . Instead , he seemed to be half-joking and half-serious when he said he had been hoping to lure the retiree back into the dug-out . "  I 'm not going to sit here and be negative about a man who gave me a chance to play for my boyhood team , who I always dreamed of playing for , " said Beckham , who won six Premier League titles and one Uefa Champions League under Ferguson . "  He believed in me and believed in the rest of the young lads who came through this with us . "  The funny thing was I 'm involved in the MLS and bringing my own franchise into the league and actually he was one of the first in my phone book to contact as the manager ! " Beckham conceded that such a prospect was no longer likely and further increased the odds when praising Roy Keane , who was once Ferguson 's right-hand man on the pitch but who has since been engaged in a lengthy feud with the 71-year-old . "  For me , Roy Keane is the best captain I 've ever played under , " said Beckham . "  He had two career threatening injuries and he set the example for us young kids . He was the most dedicated and driven player . " Keane has since stepped into the world of football management , with limited success , but Beckham is adamant he will not be following what is a well-trodden path for many former footballers . "  You should never say never , because something may happen in 10 years ' time which may make me think I should be a manager but I do n't think so , " he explained . "  It 's not something I 'm really passionate about . To do something well you have to be passionate about it . I love coaching kids -- my own kids and other kids too -- but management is something that does not float my boat . " During his playing career in the United States , Beckham won two MLS titles with Galaxy , prior to joining French side Paris Saint-Germain in January this year . He played his final game as a professional in May and conceded that his retirement in a match against Brest did not finish in the way he had hoped , as emotion got the better of him . "  As soon as I announced my retirement , I knew the day was going to be tough -- but I did n't think it would be as difficult as it was , " he revealed on Wednesday . "  I spoke to  coach  Carlo  Ancelotti  before , who told me he would bring me off about 80 minutes . 65 minutes came and all of a sudden I could n't breathe . "  I got short of breath and I had a real struggle controlling my emotions . I broke down . It was not something I wanted to do , but I could n't control it . " Images of his final game form part of Beckham 's new book , one that takes a pictorial journey through his two decades in the game - even if a whole new chapter looks set to be needed soon .	Beckham says he is ` passionate ' about being a club owner as he admits interest in MLS franchise Former L.A. Galaxy star says he had contemplated asking Alex Ferguson to manage the side Onetime England captain was speaking at launch of pictorial book covering his playing career
London  CNN  A UK tribunal censured a UK intelligence agency Friday for not making enough information public about how it shares Internet surveillance data with its U.S. counterpart , the National Security Agency . The Investigatory Powers Tribunal said that the intelligence agency known as GCHQ , or Government Communications Headquarters , had not been open enough about the way the process worked until December . The tribunal 's ruling was in response to a complaint brought by civil liberties groups Liberty , Privacy International and Amnesty International in the wake of claims by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden about mass U.S. surveillance programs such as Prism . Snowden 's revelations led to questions over GCHQ 's sharing of surveillance data with the United States . "  Today 's landmark ruling is the first time the Tribunal -- which considers complaints brought against GCHQ , MI5 and MI6 -- has found against the intelligence agencies in its 15-year history , " Liberty said in a statement , referring also to Britain 's other two intelligence agencies . "  Liberty disagrees that the limited safeguards revealed are sufficient to make GCHQ 's mass surveillance and intelligence-sharing activities lawful , and will challenge the Tribunal 's December decision at the European Court of Human Rights . " Privacy International also hailed what it said was a "  major victory " in the battle to rein in the intelligence agencies ' activities . Friday 's judgment "  represents a monumental leap forward in efforts to make intelligence agencies such as GCHQ and NSA accountable to the millions of individuals whose privacy they have violated , " it said . The tribunal ruled on December 5 that the sharing of electronic surveillance data between the two countries was lawful . But it said Friday that only after that date was enough information about the program in the public domain -- thanks to the disclosures made in the case -- for the UK government not to contravene its European human rights obligations . At issue are articles 8 and 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights , or ECHR , regarding the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression . Before December 5 , "  the regime governing the soliciting , receiving , storing and transmitting by UK authorities of private communications of individuals located in the UK , which have been obtained by US authorities ... , contravened Articles 8 or 10 ECHR , but now complies , " the tribunal 's ruling stated . The UK Home Office said the ruling vindicated the intelligence agencies ' actions . "  Today 's judgment reaffirms the  tribunal  's earlier ruling , which found that the current regime governing both the intelligence agencies ' external interception and intelligence sharing regimes are lawful and ECHR compliant , " a government spokesman said . "  Those activities have always been subject to strict safeguards . This judgment is about the amount of detail about those safeguards that needed to be in the public domain . The  tribunal  has made clear that no further action is required . " The government is "  committed to transparency " and has now made public the detail of the safeguards governing requests made to foreign governments for intercepted communications , he added . The Investigatory Powers Tribunal is an independent body set up to investigate complaints about the alleged conduct of public bodies with regard to members of the public . It deals with complaints about the use of intrusive powers such as wiretapping by intelligence services , law enforcement agencies and public authorities . Eric King , deputy director of Privacy International , said that despite Friday 's ruling , more needed to be done to protect the UK public 's rights . "  We must not allow agencies to continue justifying mass surveillance programs using secret interpretations of secret laws . The world owes Edward Snowden a great debt for blowing the whistle , and today 's decision is a vindication of his actions . "  But more work needs to be done . The only reason why the NSA-GCHQ sharing relationship is still legal today is because of a last-minute clean-up effort by government to release previously secret ` arrangements . ' That is plainly not enough to fix what remains a massive loophole in the law . "	Tribunal says that until December , GCHQ was too secretive about how it shared data This meant UK intelligence agency contravened European law on right to privacy UK Home Office says government is committed to transparency and complies with law
