London  CNN  -- Special coins designed to mark the christening later this month of Prince George , the baby son of Prince William and his wife , Catherine , go into production Tuesday in Britain . Prince George , who was born in July , is the first royal baby to be honored with a christening coin from the Royal Mint . Catherine 's first appearance since royal baby was born The design of the coins , to be produced by the Royal Mint in a range of sizes and materials , has been approved by his parents , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , and his great-grandmother , Queen Elizabeth II , the Royal Mint said . Members of the public can buy the keepsakes , which start at 13 pounds  $ 21  for the simplest type but rise to a whopping 50,000 pounds  $ 80,000  for a version containing a kilogram of gold . Royal baby photos : Cozy or bad ? The inscription on the coin reads , "  To celebrate the Christening of Prince George of Cambridge 2013 " and is flanked by two harp-playing cherubs . The christening will be performed by the Archbishop of Canterbury , the Most Rev. Justin Welby , on October 23 at the Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace . A special silver coin was also issued to mark Prince George 's July 22 birth . He is third in line for the throne after his grandfather , Prince Charles , and father , Prince William .	Special coins to mark the christening of Prince George go into production He will be christened this month at the Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace The coins are available for sale , with the largest gold version priced at $ 80,000
CNN  -- Bloggers in Myanmar , Iran and Syria work under some of the most repressive conditions in the world , facing tactics such as regulation , intimidation and even imprisonment , according to a report from the Committee to Protect Journalists . The organization released a list of the "  10 worst countries to be a blogger " to call attention to online oppression in connection with World Press Freedom Day , which was observed Sunday . "  Bloggers are at the vanguard of the information revolution , and their numbers are expanding rapidly , " the group 's executive director , Joel Simon , said in a report posted on the organization 's Web site . "  But governments are quickly learning how to turn technology against bloggers by censoring and filtering the Internet , restricting online access and mining personal data . "  When all else fails , the authorities simply jail a few bloggers to intimidate the rest of the online community into silence or self-censorship . " Myanmar -- also known as Burma -- is the worst place in the world to be a blogger , Simon 's organization says . A military government restricts Web access and throws people into jail for posting critical material . Burmese authorities have the capability to monitor e-mail and other communication methods and can block users from viewing the Web sites of political opposition parties , the organization says , citing research group OpenNet Initiative . One Burmese blogger , Maung Thura , is serving a 59-year prison term for circulating video footage after Cyclone Nargis in 2008 , the Committee to Protect Journalists says . Number two on the list is Iran , whose authorities , the group says , regularly detain and harass bloggers who dare to criticize religious or political figures , the Islamic revolution or its symbols . Third is the Syrian government , which the committee says detains bloggers for posting content deemed detrimental to "  national unity . " Cuba is next on the "  dishonor roll . " Its government now holds in jail 21 writers who led online journalism in the early part of the decade , the organization says . In Saudi Arabia an estimated 400,000 sites are blocked , the committee says , and in Vietnam the Orwellian-sounding Ministry of Information and Communication has created an agency tasked with monitoring the Internet . Tunisia and Turkmenistan , nations where the Internet is heavily restricted , also find a place on the list . So , too , does China , which maintains the most comprehensive online censorship program in the world , the organization says . Chinese authorities , it says , rely on service providers to filter searches , block critical Web sites , delete objectionable content and monitor e-mail traffic . The committee said its research shows at least 24 online writers are in prison in the country . Egypt rounds out the list at number 10 . Local press freedom groups in the country documented the detention of more than 100 bloggers in 2008 alone , the organization says . Most reported mistreatment , and a number were tortured , it says . "  The governments on the list are trying to roll back the information revolution , and for now they are having success , " Simon said in the report . "  Freedom of expression groups , concerned governments , the online community , and technology companies need to come together to defend the rights of bloggers around the world . "	Report : Bloggers in Myanmar , Iran and Syria work under most oppressive conditions The Committee to Protect Journalists lists the 10 worst places to blog from Group : Burmese blogger serves 59 years in prison for posting cyclone video In Saudi Arabia an estimated 400,000 sites are blocked , report says
CNN  -- A fire broke out inside the reactor building at a nuclear power plant on France 's northern coast , but there were no injuries or release of radiation , French utility EDF reported Thursday . The cause of the blaze in Unit 2 of the Penly nuclear power plant , near the English Channel port of Dieppe , was still under investigation , EDF said . The fire was extinguished Thursday afternoon , and inspectors were inside the unit , the company said . The reactor shut down automatically when the fire broke out , and regional authorities were notified immediately , EDF said . Nuclear power provides more than three-quarters of France 's electricity . The two pressurized-water reactors at Penly , designed by the French nuclear company Areva , went online in the early 1990s .	The cause of the fire at the Penly nuclear plant is under investigation There was no release or radiation , and there were no injuries , the owner says The plant is on the English Channel coast in northern France
Washington  CNN  It took less than six hours for a terror attack in Paris to trigger a budget fight in Washington . Republicans had seen an upcoming battle over funding for the Department of Homeland Security -- which , in addition to its anti-terrorism duties , also enforces immigration laws -- as an opportunity to force a confrontation with President Barack Obama over his move to limit deportations . House leaders are set to unveil the bill re-igniting that fight Friday . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN after the Paris attack Wednesday that the party should rethink those plans -- or at least make sure they 're narrowly tailored . "  I hope that we could challenge the executive action of the President in a mature fashion , " he said . "  I 've never been for shutting down Homeland Security . " The Homeland Security Department 's funding is due to expire Feb. 27 -- a date chosen by Republicans in December , as they hashed out a deal to keep the rest of the government up and running through much of 2015 , specifically to force Obama into a confrontation over immigration . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Wednesday that the department needs to be funded through an appropriations bill -- not the sort of continuing resolution Congress has used in recent years to keep agencies afloat . Johnson : Paris attack sign of ` evolving nature of the terrorist threat ' He said right now , priorities like the Secret Service , the Coast Guard , border security efforts and pay increases for the agency 's employees are all being shorted . "  We ca n't continue to function through a continuing resolution . That poses a real risk to homeland security , " he said in an interview with CNN . Speaking with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday night , Johnson added that the fight over Obama 's executive action on immigration that has bogged down DHS funding in political controversy "  does n't really make any sense , " because it 's impossible to defund the action Obama took to delay deportations and prioritize searches at the border . The President has said he 'd veto any DHS funding bill that attempted to roll back his immigration move , Johnson said , and he urged lawmakers against "  playing political football with the budget of the homeland security capability of this nation . " "  There are things that need to be funded -- new starts , new funding for border security , counterterrorism , the Secret Service , that can not wait much longer , " Johnson said . "  For the homeland security of this nation , we need an appropriations bill and we need it soon , " he added . He also said had spoken that morning to House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul , a Republican , about his concerns and expressed confidence they would finally come to an agreement on funding the department . " -LSB- McCaul -RSB- shares my concern , " he said . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , agreed with Graham , telling CNN : "  I think we have to rifle shot these things , rather than meat axe . And so , we 'll be talking about best ways to address it without shutting down the government . " Obama , Kerry condemn terror attack in France , vow to help Rep. Peter King , meanwhile , said the Paris attack should be a "  wake-up call , " and warned conservatives to make sure they do n't harm the department 's broader functions . "  If they want to target immigration to retaliate against the President , that 's fine , " the New York Republican told reporters on the hill . "  But we have to make it clear that Homeland Security -- at a time we saw this massive attack in Paris -- that we ca n't be cutting funding or programs which would protect Americans from a terrorist attack . " Tying the two issues together brings the risk that Republicans could be blamed if the department shuts down -- either because Congress ca n't agree on a way to fund it , or because Obama vetoes a bill that does n't pay for Homeland Security 's immigration-related functions . Even some strident conservatives said they needed to avoid being seen as putting funding for the entire department at risk . "  I believe we should fully fund DHS and at the same time prevent the president from violating the constitution , " said Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas . The GOP took majority control of both the House and Senate on Tuesday , giving them extra leverage to try to undo Obama 's executive action , potentially through the Homeland Security funding bill . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Wednesday that those plans have n't changed . "  There are terrorists around the world who are intent on killing Americans and other freedom loving individuals around the country . I believe that the President 's executive action with regard to immigration are outside of the Constitution and outside of his power and I believe that we can deal with that issue in the Department of Homeland Security bill without jeopardizing the security of our country . " House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers said the terror attacks will not alter the Republicans ' plans on the Homeland Security bill , which he said they will introduce on Friday and vote on it early next week . When the fight over the President 's executive actions started last fall , Rogers and others argued that the agency tasked with carrying out the new policy could n't be stripped of money by Congress because it is set up to self-fund operations through fees it collects . Rogers told reporters "  the only way to get at the use of these fees would be to change the basic law " but said no decisions were final yet about the details of the bill . Conservative GOP Rep. John Fleming said he thinks spending bill still needs to target agencies dealing with immigration -- it can crafted in "  in such a way that it really hits the accounts . " "  This is not a seminal moment . We know that terrorism is going to happen in the future and we need to be prepared for it , " Fleming said , but blamed the President for mixing immigration fight with security issues by taking his executive action . CNN 's Dana Bash and Alexandra Jaffe contributed to this report .	Some Republicans say the party should rethink its plans to use Homeland Security funding as a vehicle to fight Obama on immigration Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the department has suffered from recent years ' tight funding Their comments come after an attack on a satirical newspaper in Paris on Wednesday morning
CNN  -- "  This can be yours , " the black-and-white newspaper advertisement promised above an image of a tree-lined ranch home in Pontchartrain Park . At the bottom , it said "  Available to Negroes . " It was the 1950s in segregated New Orleans , Louisiana , and the promise of a slice of suburbia for black Americans lured hundreds to the new community . That included Meldon Woods , an Air Force corporal who had been given a home loan for his military service through the GI Bill . He and his wife , Audrey , a schoolteacher at the time , purchased a two-story home in 1957 where they raised their four children . Fifty years later , he was forced to evacuate that home as Hurricane Katrina bore down on New Orleans on August 29 , 2005 . "  My husband said , no , he was not leaving , because he was upstairs and if the water came , he 'd be upstairs , " Audrey Woods recalled . "  I never would have left him . So my youngest son , he came and said , ` Mama , get in the car . Daddy get in the car . ' " Meldon Woods eventually relented and left his home and the neighborhood he helped turn into a strong , solid African-American community . Katrina whipped up 15-foot waves on Lake Pontchartrain , flooding the London Canal levee that lies west of Pontchartrain Park . As much as 20 feet of water flooded the neighborhood . Not a single home in Pontchartrain Park was left unscathed . Water rose nearly to the rooftop of the Woods ' home , where Meldon had planned to ride out the storm . A few weeks later , they returned to utter devastation . "  I did n't know whether to cry , scream . I did n't really know what to do , " Audrey Woods said . "  But my knees kind of buckled when I looked in here and I was , ` Oh my God . ' " The elderly couple did n't waste any time reflecting : They immediately focused on rebuilding . "  They had on these white suits with white masks ... and they 're hauling out pieces of sheet rock , " said Justin Woods , the youngest of the Woods ' four children . "  My father with a cane , carrying a piece of sheet rock out . And I remember calling Rhea and saying , ` Do you know what your parents are doing ? They 're gutting the house ... by themselves . ' " It was the same spirit and determination that helped create Pontchartrain Park where , according to many locals , children were raised with a sense of community and family . All four of the Woods ' children went on to become successful in their careers -- a common theme for the children of Pontchartrain Park such as Lisa Jackson , the current head of the Environmental Protection Agency ; jazz musician Terence Blanchard ; former mayors Ernest and Mark Morial ; and actor Wendell Pierce from HBO 's "  The Wire . " Interactive : Meet the residents of Pontchartrain Park Even BP vice president and spokesman Darryl Willis , originally from Louisiana , is rebuilding his home in Pontchartrain Park as he continues to manage the Gulf oil disaster . Those successes were built on the sacrifices of the men and women who settled in Pontchartrain Park , says Pierce , who now spends his time in New Orleans starring in the new HBO series "  Treme " about post-Katrina New Orleans . "  My parents ' generation took something ugly like segregation and turned it into ... one of the most stable American neighborhoods , not only in this city , but around the country , " he said . "  It was -LSB- a -RSB- dogged fight by these young parents who had this opportunity to build a life for their families in one of the most difficult times in modern history : Jim Crow segregation , Deep South , New Orleans . " That fight to create a better future for their kids instilled a deep sense of commitment to the neighborhood in Pierce . And that is why the actor has committed the past two years to rebuilding Pontchartrain Park . Pierce staged a massive effort to get the city of New Orleans to start rebuilding the neighborhood 's blighted and abandoned properties . Only 30 percent of the neighborhood 's residents had returned two years after Katrina -- the second slowest rate of return in New Orleans behind the city 's devastated and impoverished Ninth Ward , according to Pierce . Opinion : Russel Honoré on New Orleans today With the help of Troy Henry , a management consultant and boyhood friend , Pierce formed a nonprofit community corporation to get the city to sell back some of the houses so they could be rebuilt and resold at an affordable price . It has not all been smooth sailing -- some locals have criticized his involvement . "  I got a lot of pushback that I was , you know , a local kid come home with some success and trying to do a land grab myself , " Pierce told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . "  It was hurtful . " In November 2008 , New Orleans signed a deal with Pierce 's Pontchartrain Park Community Development Corporation to rebuild 400 homes . It was a huge success , but the start of a slow process : A year-and-a-half after the agreement , the city had turned over only four plots . Today , Pierce is credited with raising the return rate in The Park from about 33 percent to more than 50 percent . But not every former resident wants to return . Lisa Oubre wants nothing to do with her husband 's plan to rebuild their home in Pontchartrain Park , where they raised their son before Katrina . Hurby Oubre wants Jacques , who was 10 years old when Katrina struck , to enjoy the same childhood he experienced growing up in Pontchartrain Park . "  It was a real neighborhood . Everyone knew who you were , " Hurby said . "  Everyone looked out for you . Your neighbors , they 'd chastise you -LSB- if -RSB- they saw you doing something wrong . " Since 2005 , the Oubre family has been split between two cities : Hurby works in New Orleans as a mail carrier , while Lisa is employed in Baton Rouge , where she lives with Jacques who is now in high school . She has no plans to return to Pontchartrain Park . "  I ca n't go back there , I ca n't do that again , " Lisa said . "  God knows we 've lost enough . We lost every single thing we 've ever owned up to that day in 2005 . ... When is the ripple effect going to stop rolling over our lives ? " Hurby still holds out hope that one day his family will be reunited in Pontchartrain Park . "  That 's my home . ... I was n't going to let it die , and I knew that . I always felt that . I always said I 'd go back , " he said . "  You ca n't really get frustrated or angry with anybody for going through that traumatic experience and not wanting to come back . " When asked who he 's building his home for , he responds , "  Hopefully I 'm building it for my family . "	African-Americans could buy houses in Pontchartrain Park in the 1950s Residents established a strong middle-class community , despite the limits of segregation Hurricane Katrina uprooted the community , damaging every home Today , more than half of Pontchartrain Park 's residents have returned
Washington  CNN  -- Hovering above Congress with the unpleasant scent of deja vu are concerns that current budget talks seem poised to fail and that the word "  shutdown " is back on the rise . First , there 's the apparent budget impasse . "  There does not seem to be a serious effort to reach agreement in the budget conference , " House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland told reporters on Tuesday . The "  budget conference " is the 29-person House and Senate conference committee tasked with hashing out basic budget parameters , including total spending for the next two years . They have until December 13 to come up with a deal . "  Many of us are skeptics there ever will be  a deal  , " said Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , adding he is confident that the leaders of the budget conference , Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , and Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , are doing their best . Battle for the House in 2014 : Obamacare vs. shutdown Personal thoughts about the leaders aside , a lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear this week . On Monday , the 13 top Republicans on the House Appropriations Committee sent Ryan and Murray a letter expressing concern and urging them to at least come up with a topline figure for spending so that appropriators could then start writing the bills that actually spend the money . The lawmakers behind that letter are worried that they wo n't have time to write and pass appropriation bills before January 15 , when government funding is set to run out . They did n't mince words in the letter : "  The failure to reach a budget deal to allow Appropriations to assemble funding ... will reopen the specter of another government shutdown . " "  We need that  spending figure  , " said Rep. Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , who signed the letter . "  It will probably take a good month  to write the spending bills  . " Shutdown cometh ? Some are n't worried ; others are Frank , like most Republicans with whom CNN spoke , does not believe a shutdown is likely in January . Even without a budget conference deal , the House and Senate could pass simple continuing resolutions to keep government funded . Appropriators do n't want that because it would trigger blunt , across-the-board budget cuts and block any chance to tailor the cuts agency by agency . So the lack of a budget deal does not mean a shutdown will happen , but nonetheless , murmurs of shutdown politics are emerging . Wolf and other Republicans are concerned that the mantle of a shutdown , or any threat of one , could again harm their party . "  We probably lost the governor 's race and attorney general 's race in Virginia because of the shutdown , " he said , shaking his head . Polling after the shutdown but before the Virginia elections showed Republicans were more tarnished by the fiscal fight . In a CNN/ORC poll , 52 % said Republicans in Congress were more responsible for the shutdown compared with President Barack Obama 's 34 % . Democrats are clearly teeing up the connection between Republicans and another shutdown . "  I think Paul Ryan ought to put a serious proposal on the table , " said Democratic Whip Hoyer . "  Paul Ryan ought to lead , not follow his caucus down a road which would lead to shutdown . " "  No one 's talking about a shutdown except for Democrats , " responded Donald Stewart , spokesman for Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell . "  Everything they 're doing now is to get them away from the pain and problems of Obamacare , of course they want to talk about something else . " All of this political debris is again swirling in large part because of the absence of clear progress from Ryan and Murray 's budget conference talks . The two budget committee chairs and their staff have made pragmatic but hopeful statements in public . Aides from both parties tell CNN the two leaders have been in frequent contact and had face-to-face meetings . But their public words on the matter are few . On Wednesday , Ryan repeatedly donned headphones and holding his hand up as if to say "  no comment " on Tuesday . Budget staffers from both chambers point out that the less that negotiators say during talks , traditionally , the closer they are to a deal . But in this case , the wild politics involved lead many to question whether it 's in Ryan 's interest to cut a deal . Senate leader pays a House call Perhaps the most significant sign of concern came from a rare cross-Capitol visit Tuesday when McConnell spoke to a closed-door meeting of the House GOP Conference . According to multiple sources in the room , McConnell talked about the upcoming funding deadlines and made it clear that he wants the overall budget reduction slated for January to go into place . McConnell 's visit was unusual , one of just a handful he 's made to House conference in his six years as Republican leader . In general , he has a reputation as a practical fiscal negotiator who aims to avoid crisis . He and Vice President Joe Biden were among the final negotiators during the fiscal cliff fight of 2011 and 2012 . And in October , Democrats and others pointed to McConnell 's role as critical in ending the shutdown . His decision to start talking with House Republicans about the January shutdown deadline now is significant . Meantime , the budget conference committee has a timing problem . The group technically has three weeks on the calendar to hash out a deal . But in reality , Congress leaves at the end of the week for Thanksgiving and after it returns , members will have just eight days in session before that December 13 deadline . If they miss that deadline , then Congress could go home for Christmas with no plan for how to keep government funded past January 15 . Lawmakers would return January 7 and have a week to decide . CNNMoney : What shutdown ? Job growth strong in October CNN Senior Capitol Hill Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story	Rep. Steny Hoyer : "  There does not seem to be a serious effort to reach agreement " A 29-person House and Senate conference committee is tasked with hashing out budget A lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear Republicans in D.C. are mindful they took the brunt of the blame in last shutdown
CNN  -- Environmentalists and indigenous-rights supporters gathered in the Brazilian capital Tuesday to protest a hydroelectric dam project that they say would be devastating to the Amazon region . The demonstration , in front the congressional building in Brasilia , seeks to stop the construction of the Belo Monte dam , which they say would flood at least 400,000 hectares  nearly a million acres  of forest , displacing 40,000 indigenous people and other local residents , and destroying various species of wildlife and insects . The construction of the controversial reservoir -- a $ 17 billion project -- was authorized in January by Brazil 's Environmental Institute . The contractors working on the dam , to be located on the Xingu River in Para state , have permission to clear 238 hectares of the forest , an area larger than Monaco . The protesters want to give Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff a petition signed by half a million people from around the world who criticize the project . The government argues that the hydroelectric dam , with a potential capacity of 11,000 megawatts , is needed to guarantee a supply of energy for a country that is growing economically . Set for completion in 2015 , Belo Monte would be the second-largest dam in the country , behind Tucurui . Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet contributed to this report for CNN .	The Belo Monte hydroelectric dam would be the second-largest in Brazil The government says it is needed to provide energy to the growing economy Protesters say too large an area of the Amazon region would be flooded
CNN  -- Workers at a Texas state school for mentally handicapped adults are believed to have been staging a "  fight club " among residents , encouraging them to physically battle one another , police told CNN Tuesday . A cell phone containing videos of the alleged abuse at the Corpus Christi State School in Corpus Christi , Texas , was turned over to police last week , and authorities are expecting to file arrest warrants this week , Corpus Christi police Capt. Tim Wilson told CNN . The incidents are believed to have taken place in a school dormitory , Wilson said . "  This has been going on for some time , " Wilson said . "  That is what makes this an exceptional case . It is not the workers abusing the clients , so to speak . The workers are not hitting them , but they are allowing these clients to fight with each other , thereby endangering their well-being . " "  These people are charged with the care and custody of these clients , and they are exploiting  them  , " he said . Those involved will likely face charges of injury of a disabled person , Wilson said . The charge 's severity can range up to a third-class felony , depending on the extent of a person 's involvement , he said . The actual charges , however are left up to the Nueces County District Attorney , which is participating in the investigation along with the Texas Inspector General 's Office , he said . Seven school employees have been placed on paid emergency leave by the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services , according to spokeswoman Cecilia Fedorov . Some former workers also will be interviewed , authorities said . Fedorov said the agency received a phone call Friday from the state Department of Family and Protective Services , saying they had been alerted to the situation by police and were opening an investigation into possible abuse or neglect . The employees on leave can not come on to campus , but must sign in at the gate every day they are on leave , Fedorov said . State officials are awaiting the outcome of the investigation to determine whether they should take further action , she said . Wilson said Corpus Christi police received the cell phone a week ago , when a citizen found it and gave it to an officer working security at a hospital . The officer looked at several of the videos , then gave the phone to the police 's forensic unit for analysis . More videos were found in the phone 's memory . "  It appears it was some sort of a fight club , " Wilson said . Twenty videos were found on the phone , with dates going back about a year . All the videos featured the school 's "  clients , " who are severely mentally handicapped , he said . On the videos , "  they  the clients  are not upset like they are being forced , " Wilson said . "  They are being more goaded into it . There 's a lot of voices on there from workers ... saying , ` Look at that , ha ha ' ... laughing , stuff like that . " No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , he said , but no workers are seen stopping the fighting . "  The fighting entails pushing , wrestling and some shoving , " Wilson said . Police do not believe anyone was seriously injured , he said , but the investigation is ongoing . "  Four or five clients have been identified and at least five workers , possibly as many as 10 , " he said . "  Some are more active in staging the fights , and some others passively stand around not doing anything . " The clients are all adult males , ranging in age from their late teens into their 30s , he said . As part of the investigation , the Inspector General 's office has interviewed some of the clients , Wilson said . Asked whether the school had previously been investigated for abuse , he said , "  This is the exception . Over the years , we have had isolated instances of abuse we have investigated . Every once in a while , the school itself would report a case , but this appears to be organized . " Police believe , based on the videos , the "  fight club " was confined to one dormitory , he said . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Cell phone videos of alleged abuse at Corpus Christi State School given to police The Texas school serves adults who are severely mentally handicapped Seven school employees placed on leave ; arrest warrants are pending No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , police say
CNN  -- Bored of diving among the usual coral reefs and tropical fish ? Looking for something a little out of the ordinary ? Ever thought about diving in a crack between two continents in some of the clearest water on Earth ? Or what about swimming up to an active volcano ? Perhaps underwater art is more your thing ? If so , take a look at some of the most unusual , mysterious and awe-inspiring underwater landscapes from around the world . Continental rift in Iceland The only place in the world where you can swim between two continents , the Silfra fissure in Iceland 's Thingvellier National Park is where the North American and Eurasian tectonic plates meet . Not only can you dive in a crack in the earth caused by the two continental plates slowly moving away from each other  at an average of 2 cm a year  , the waters are so clear that many divers are said to lose all sense of depth and even experience vertigo . The water 's extreme clarity is thanks to year-round cold temperatures of around two to four degrees Celsius and the water 's purity . The water originates from a glacier high on Iceland 's Hofsjokull Mountain and is filtered through layers of porous lava rock before reaching the national park . Not only is it cold and clear , the water is so pure it is safe enough to drink . The three sections of the dive include Silfra Hall , the Cathedral and Silfra lagoon . Mysterious ruins in Japan A long-lost civilization , the work of aliens or simply a natural wonder ? The mysterious underwater ruins of Yonaguni continue to lure the most intrepid of divers . Located in the Yaeyama Islands off the westernmost point of Japan , the tiny island of Yonaguni is remote and difficult to reach . But it remains popular thanks to the archaeological riddle submerged off its southern coast . Exactly how the underwater pyramid structure , known as the Yonaguni monument , was formed is still under debate . Some claim the ruins to be evidence of a long lost city , while others are convinced it is a geological phenomenon . There are even a few who believe the site to be the work of architecturally-ambitious aliens . Whatever its origin , it 's an impressive site . Estimated to be between 5,000 and 8,000 years old , the stepped structures -- with smooth platform steps and right angles -- appear as though they were carved out of the rock . This is not a diving site for beginners , with the ruins located in open waters with high waves and strong currents . Volcanic action in Indonesia Want to see a volcano up close without the threat of lava flows and toxic air ? If so , the submerged volcano of Banua Wuhu is the place to head . Located beside the island of Mahangetan , part of the volcanic island chain of Sangihe in Indonesia , Banua Wuha rises more than 400 meters from the sea floor and is less than five meters below the water 's surface . There is no risk from lava -- instead , the underwater volcano releases ribbons of silver bubbles -- sulfur gas -- escaping deep from inside the earth 's crust . "  The bubbles can burn your fingers if you 're not careful , " said Roman Szalay , managing director of Ocean Rover Cruises , which charters one of the few boats that makes the journey to the volcano . "  If you bring  the gas  up in a bottle to the surface it smells horrible , but if the bubbles come up to the surface it smells like nothing , " he added . The further you descend , the volcano 's barren sulfur-covered rocks give way to coral reefs and an extraordinary display of marine life , including huge barrel sponges , black tipped reef sharks and schools of neon fusiliers . "  If the sky is cloudy and the sun is not bright , the atmosphere is quite mystic " said Szalay , "  Sometime you can also hear the roaring of the volcano . " Underwater art in Mexico Want a bit of culture on your next dive ? Then try the tropical blue waters of Cancun , Mexico where you will find the Museum of Underwater Modern Art . Consisting of more than 403 permanent life-sized sculptures , the art-filled sea-bed is one of the largest artificial reef attractions in the world . The work of British sculptor and scuba diver Jason deCaires Taylor , each sculpture is individually cast and made using a special cement mix to encourage coral growth . "  It 's incredibly interesting working underwater , " said deCaires Taylor . "  The colors are different , the light patterns are very different , the atmosphere and mood is otherworldly . "  The piece takes on a very different tone underwater -- it has a lost feel to it and brings up all these questions that you would n't have on land , " he continued . Underwater cemetery in the U.S. . A little over five kilometers off the coast of Miami , Florida , is an altogether different , and slightly creepy , diving experience -- an artificial reef that doubles as a cemetery . The Neptune Memorial Reef , with its tagline "  creating life after life , " is a man-made reef , built to encourage the growth of marine life while creating "  the ultimate ` Green Burial ' opportunity . " People who choose the reef as their final resting place are first cremated . Their remains are then mixed with non-porous cement , sand and water , and molded into a stone shape of their choosing , such as a shell or starfish . The stone is then added to the reef by scuba divers . The first phase of the memorial has been built in the style of a "  classical re-creation of the Lost City . " Relatives of the deceased , curious scuba-divers and marine biologists are among those who dive among the coral-encrusted arches and statues of lions that line the sea floor . When completed , the memorial will cover have the capacity to hold the cremated remains of around 100,000 people .	In Iceland you can dive in the crack between two continents The Museum of Underwater Modern Art lets you swim among sculptures Swim in an underwater cemetery at the Neptune Memorial reef
CNN  -- Fox News anchor Gregg Jarrett spent a dozen hours in jail after being arrested on charges of interfering with a police officer at the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , officials said . Jarrett , 59 , was "  belligerent and uncooperative " with police officers who responded to a report Wednesday that he was drunk at an airport bar , according to airport spokesman Patrick Hogan . "  He is dealing with serious personal issues at this time , " a Fox News spokeswoman said in an e-mail to CNN on Thursday . Jarrett was released from the Hennepin County Jail on a $ 300 bond early Thursday , according to jail records found online . He has a June 6 court date on a misdemeanor charge of obstruction of the legal process and interfering with a peace officer , the record said . TVNewser , a website that covers the television news industry , reported on May 12 that Jarrett was taking time off from his weekend anchor duties on Fox , quoting the network as saying he had "  requested time off for personal reasons and Fox obliged . " Jarrett joined Fox News 12 years ago and has most recently co-anchored on weekend shows . "  A date at which Gregg might return to air has yet to be determined , " the Fox News statement to CNN said . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Gregg Jarrett was "  belligerent and uncooperative " with police , airport spokesman says "  He is dealing with serious personal issues at this time , " Fox News says Jarrett took time off from Fox in May "  for personal reasons , " report says
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- FEMA gave away about $ 85 million in household goods meant for Hurricane Katrina victims , a CNN investigation has found . These items , stored by FEMA , were meant for Katrina victims but were given to state and federal agencies . The material , from basic kitchen goods to sleeping necessities , sat in warehouses for two years before the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's giveaway to federal and state agencies this year . James McIntyre , FEMA 's acting press secretary , said that FEMA was spending more than $ 1 million a year to store the material and that another agency wanted the warehouses torn down , so "  we needed to vacate them . " "  Upon review of our assets and our need to continue to store them , we determined that they were excess to FEMA 's needs ; therefore , they are being excessed from FEMA 's inventory , " McIntyre wrote in an e-mail . He declined a request for an on-camera interview , telling CNN the giveaway was "  not news . " Photos from one of the facilities in Fort Worth , Texas , show pallet after pallet of cots , cleansers , first-aid kits , coffee makers , camp stoves and other items stacked to the ceiling . Watch dismay over "  out of touch " FEMA " FEMA said some of the items were donations from companies after Katrina , but most were purchased in the field as "  starter kits " for people living in trailers provided by the agency . And even though the stocks were offered to state agencies after FEMA decided to get rid of them , one of the states that passed was Louisiana . Martha Kegel , the head of a New Orleans nonprofit agency that helps find homes for those still displaced by the storm , said she was shocked to learn about the existence of the goods and the government giveaway . "  These are exactly the items that we are desperately seeking donations of right now : basic kitchen household supplies , " said Kegel , executive director of Unity of Greater New Orleans . "  These are the very things that we are seeking right now . FEMA , in fact , refers homeless clients to us to house them . How can we house them if we do n't have basic supplies ? " Watch the great FEMA giveaway " Kegel 's group works with FEMA and other local organizations to rehouse victims of Katrina , the 2005 hurricane that flooded New Orleans and killed more than 1,800 people along the Gulf Coast . Community groups say thousands of people are still living in abandoned buildings in the city , though fewer than 100 people remain housed in tents . Kegel said FEMA was told in regular meetings that Unity was desperate for household supplies and that the group has been forced to beg for donations . But she said FEMA never told Unity and other community groups that it had tens of millions of dollars worth of brand-new items meant for storm victims . She said she learned of it from CNN , which found that those items never made it to people such as Debra Reed . "  An honest person like me did n't get nothing , " said Reed , 54 , who recently moved from a tent beneath a New Orleans bridge to a home with the help of Kegel 's group . "  I 'm gon na turn , 'cause I 'm gon na cry . I did n't get nothing . I fought to get my money , but they would n't give it to me . So I ended up going under the bridge . " FEMA confirmed that it had kept the merchandise in storage for the past two years and then gave it away to cities , schools , fire departments and nonprofit agencies such as food banks . In all , General Services Administration records show , FEMA gave away 121 truckloads of material . McIntyre said that most of the items given away were not "  standard-issue type supplies " that FEMA would have distributed after other disasters . He said that using the GSA , which manages federal property , to get rid of those stockpiles was "  standard process . " Asked whether FEMA believed that Katrina victims no longer needed the items , McIntyre wrote : "  If the state did not request the supplies , then FEMA would not know . " Watch Kegel describe "  the needs are just overwhelming " " Pallets at the Fort Worth warehouse were piled high with boxes of buckets , boots , cleansers , mops and brooms . There were stacks of tents , lanterns and camp stoves for people still displaced , as well as clothing , bedding , plates and utensils . Meanwhile , Kegel said , Unity 's clients can take only "  one fork , one spoon , one knife ; they can only take one plate . We do n't have enough to go around . " But FEMA said the items were no longer needed in the stricken region . So it declared them "  federal surplus " and gave them away . Federal agencies such as the Bureau of Prisons , Postal Service and Border Patrol got first dibs on the material when FEMA started giving it away . Other agencies that received items include the National Guard , U.S. Marshals Service , the Air Force and Navy and the departments of Agriculture , Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security , according to a list the GSA provided to CNN . These items also were offered to all states -- yet Louisiana , where most of the people displaced by the storm live , passed on taking any of them . John Medica , director of the Louisiana Federal Property Assistance Agency in Baton Rouge , said he was unaware that Katrina victims still had a need for the household supplies . "  We did n't have anybody out there who told us they wanted it , " Medica said . Instead , 16 other states took the free items . "  Louisiana Recovery Authority Director Paul Rainwater is taking the lead on determing where this serious breakdown in communication occured and ... is working to pursue options for the state to still make use of these important supplies , " said Michael DiResto of the Division of Administration . DiResto said Rainwater has already taken up the issue with a FEMA official . Kegel said she could not understand how Medica could not be aware of the need in the New Orleans area . She said she had not heard of the agency and was not registered with them , but after CNN 's interview , the agency contacted her about registering Unity of Greater New Orleans so it could qualify for available supplies in the future .	Bureau of Prisons , Postal Service and other agencies get free Katrina goods FEMA spokesman : Giveaway is "  not news " ; agency unaware people still need goods Head of New Orleans nonprofit says , "  These are the very things that we are seeking "
Washington  CNN  -- Global financial reform topped the agenda Tuesday as President Obama huddled with Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou , whose country is at the center of Europe 's debt crisis . The White House meeting marks the conclusion of a four-country financial relief tour for the beleaguered Greek leader . Beginning Friday , he visited Germany , France and Luxembourg seeking support for his government 's new austerity measures to counteract skyrocketing budget deficits . Greece had one of the worst budget deficits in the developed world last year , at 12.7 percent of gross domestic product , more than three times higher than previously declared due to accounting irregularities -- or what some call outright fraud . It also has a public-sector debt equivalent to 113 percent of its entire economy . Athens recently unveiled a package of budget reductions to try to bring its deficit down to the 3 percent level allowed under the rules for the eurozone -- the European Union countries that have adopted the euro currency . Finance ministers from those 16 countries met in Brussels last month to try to find a way to end the crisis that some analysts say could spread to other heavily indebted European nations , such as Portugal , Spain and Italy . Greece 's "  deficit is more a credibility deficit than a financial deficit , and we need to bring back the sense of credibility , " Papandreou said recently . His unpopular budget cutbacks have met with stiff political resistance and strikes at home . Overseas , the Greek prime minister is trying to win support for greater regulation over certain forms of financial speculation that analysts say have made his country 's debt crisis worse . Among other things , Papandreou is asking U.S. and other leaders to restrict the use of credit default swaps , which are insurance contracts -- the same kind of contracts that pushed insurance giant American International Group  AIG  to the brink of collapse . Two weeks ago , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke said the Federal Reserve is looking into actions taken by Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms that may have contributed to Greece 's debt problems . Bernanke 's comment came in response to a question posed by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , D-Connecticut , who asked about U.S. banks and hedge funds making financial bets that the Greek government will default on its loans . Goldman Sachs and other banks have been in the news over reports they secretly helped raise $ 1 billion in credit for Greece in a way that was off the balance sheet , and that they helped hide the country 's debt woes from European Union regulators . The New York Times reported recently that some of these same banks also were making side bets that Greece would default on loans it owes American banks and hedge funds . By betting in favor of default , the U.S. banks and hedge funds would win whether Greece pays off its loans or not . Dodd asked whether Bernanke thought there should be limits on the use of these types of bets to prevent firms from creating intentional runs against governments . "  The rising price of these contracts contribute to an atmosphere of crisis , making it even more difficult for the Greek government , in my opinion , to borrow , " Dodd said . Bernanke noted the similarity of the situation of banks making bets to hedge against Greek debt to banks that made bets to hedge against real estate debt , which imploded AIG . "  The poster child for that would be the capital arrangements that banks took out for AIG , " he said . "  Derivatives have a legitimate purpose , but if they 're used to distort accounting results or regulatory ratios , that needs to be addressed . " Congress is considering legislation to make such financial bets more transparent . Papandreou has asked American and European authorities to crack down on financial speculators who benefited from taxpayer bailouts only to turn around and profit by exacerbating his country 's debt crisis . "  Enough is enough , " he told an audience at the Brookings Institution on Monday . CNN 's Jennifer Liberto , Christine Theodorou and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	President Obama met Tuesday with Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou The meeting is the last on a four-country tour centering on the nation 's financial crisis He hopes to win support for more regulation of speculative practices Papandreou is asking U.S. and other leaders to restrict use of credit default swaps
CNN  Saturday at the Masters , like any PGA tournament , has been dubbed ` Moving Day ' . It 's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board . Players rose and players fell away on Moving Day at the 2015 Masters . Rory McIlroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable Grand Slam on Sunday night . But he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par . Woods comeback ? A rejuvenated Tiger Woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too . A huge improvement , but still a long way from him wearing the green jacket again . "  It could have been a super low today , " a disappointed Woods said after his round . "  All in all . It should have been two shots better . " Phil Mickelson powered around the course , threatening to challenge too , finishing on eleven under . As did a late Justin Rose surge , where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place . In the end , there was lots of moving , but no one could move quick enough or far enough to trouble Jordan Spieth . Infallible The 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta . His infallible first two rounds gave the 21 year old from Dallas , Texas a five shot lead going in to the third round . That has happened only three times at Augusta before , and on all three occasions the leader has gone on to win . Spieth 's 15 birdies are just 10 away from Phil Mickelson 's Masters mark set in 2001 . He could also break Tiger Woods 270 set in 1997 . As it happened , Spieth played a steady , almost conservative round . When he made the occasional mistake , like the bogey at 15 , he hit back straight away with a birdie next hole . As his third round came to a close the birdies flowed , his putting impeccable . The only nerves on show came during the last two holes with a double bogey at the 17 . Echos of 1996 ? When reminded of some of the great Augusta comebacks , including Nick Faldo 's 11 shot swing in 1996 , Tiger Woods still believes anything is possible . "  It really is , " he said . "  We saw what happened in 1996 . You never know . It depends on the conditions . " He is , of course , right . As Greg Norman knows only too well , anything can happen on the final day . But that kind of crescendo also depends on Spieth experiencing a Greg Norman-style meltdown . Spieth 's double bogey on the 17th and wobble on the 18th will give the chasing pack some hope . Yet , for all the movement of Mickelson , Woods , Rose and McIlroy , they made just a one shot dent into Spieth 's second round lead . He will begin Sunday four shots ahead .	Jordan Spieth holds lead in 2015 Masters Strong starts from McIlroy and Woods Both fall away as 21 year old Spieth takes control
Hong Kongers are howling in disappointment as their potent -- if unlikely -- symbol of protest once again goes missing from the city 's shelves . IKEA 's wolf-like Lufsig doll , which played a cameo in local politics last year , quickly sold out upon its return to the city . Residents snapped up the stuffed toy in December after one was hurled by a protestor at C.Y. Leung , Hong Kong 's leader , who is nicknamed "  wolf " for his political cunning . Modeled after the antagonist of the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale , Lufsig went on sale at Hong Kong 's three IKEA stores on Wednesday but quickly sold out as throngs of customers lined up early to get their hands on the toy , which has been out of stock since its rise to prominence in December . The South China Morning Post reported that 2,000 of the toys were made available in the Swedish furniture giant 's Causeway Bay , Sha Tin and Kowloon Bay stores at a cost of HK$ 99.9  $ 13  each . IKEA staff handed out tickets to eager customers before the stores opened for business . Each ticket allowed the purchase of a single doll , although reports of some enterprising customers rejoining the back of the line quickly spread . The toys have become a popular symbol of protest against the chief executive , who is criticized in the city as having too close ties to Beijing , and for putting off his responsibilities to secure universal suffrage for the city 's voters by 2017 . There is also an element of bawdy humor associated with the toy , whose former Chinese name is a near-homonym of a crude sexual term in Cantonese . Ikea has since updated the name . The toy 's popularity remains undiminished , and some of the 50,000 followers of the Lufsig Facebook group page expressed their disappointment with IKEA . "  It 's just improper planning , you ca n't even order one online so people who have to work everyday ca n't get one , " said one disgruntled Lufsig fan . However , despite the immediate demand for the toy , the resell market has n't caught fire , with dolls selling on the Hong Kong portal of eBay for around HK$ 140 - $ 150  $ 18-19  , a modest 40-50 % markup . IKEA said that Lufsig would next be in stock around the end of March , although it remains to be seen if he will retain his political potency in the meantime .	IKEA 's hit toy sold out within hours of restock in Hong Kong Cuddly wolf toy became a tongue-in-cheek symbol of protest against Chief Executive last year Lufsig fans express their disappointment ; more stock expected in March
CNN  -- Train the brain . Until recently , this phrase made me picture Neo from "  The Matrix " proclaiming "  I know kung fu " after he had martial arts abilities uploaded into his brain . But what if we really could harness technology , Neo-style , to help train our brains to better cope with everyday stress ? For many of us , the days seem to pass in one anxiety-ridden blur after another . Mental health professional increasingly agree that these daily sprints , accompanied by a soundtrack of endless beeps , chirps and vibrations emitting from various devices , set off our stress systems , keeping us in a persistent and physiologically damaging state of fight-or-flight . "  The way we live our lives now is like running marathons , " said Dr. Leslie Sherlin , a neuroscientist and chief science officer of Neurotopia , a company that provides brain training to athletes . "  And in some ways , that 's great , but you ca n't run marathons all the time . " Keep that pace , says Sherlin , and at some point , you will burn out . You may also suffer from a weakened immune system that can lead to an increased risk of disease . Most of us have received some kind of formal instruction about diet , exercise , the birds and the bees . So why are n't we training our brains to better manage stress ? Some of the most compelling training to help prepare people to better handle stress is going on right now with athletes and soldiers . For these two distinct groups , performance under high stress is a must  albeit for very different reasons  . But the technologies being used to train them could benefit the rest of us as well . Technology could help us reduce stress , too Training athletes for the field I became interested in the way athletes train for peak performance in high-stakes environments last year , when I interviewed Michael Gervais , a sports psychologist who works with Sherlin to train elite athletes to perform optimally during high-stress competition . Gervais and Sherlin work with athletes from the NFL , NBA and NHL as well as Olympians , golfers and many others . What Gervais told me then was that the key to high performance was a disciplined mind . While not exactly news , the methods Gervais and his colleagues use to teach mental discipline were quite interesting . They were using older Eastern disciplines like mindfulness , presence , meditation , deep breathing and neurofeedback . As part of their training , Gervais and his colleagues hook up athletes to electrodes and perform a baseline qEEG : a quantitative electroencephalogram . They use the results to create an individualized brain map . The map helps these sports psychologists assess and quantify mental aspects of performance like focus , decision speed , reaction time and stress regulation . Once the brain is mapped , the psychologists conduct half-hour neurofeedback sessions to teach athletes how to reach optimal brain wave patterns . In a typical session , the athlete will sit before a large screen as sensors monitoring electrical activity in his or her brain are placed on the scalp . The athlete then focuses on achieving desirable brain wave patterns that , in turn , influence what happens on the screen . It 's bit like controlling a video game with only your thoughts . The version I saw involved cars racing through a desert . The training is meant to teach athletes how to respond quickly to stressor stimuli , how to focus during stressful situations , how to recover from errors and finally how to shut down and still their minds when it 's all over . These sports psychologists have collected a proprietary brain bank of assessments over years of working with elite athletes . They use the brain bank to identify optimal brainwave patterns associated with the highest levels of performance . According to Sherlin , it takes roughly 15 to 20 neurofeedback sessions for elite athletes to learn some of these techniques .  Probably about 30 for you and me , he says . Your questions about stress , answered ! Originally developed as a technique to measure brain activity in NASA pilots during flight simulation exercises , neurofeedback has shown promising initial results for helping retrain the brainwaves of children with ADHD and autism and people suffering from chronic migraines . In one study , student eye surgeons were trained to significantly improve their surgical skills by regulating their own brainwave activity . The method is being examined in a diverse number of other contexts , including to help relieve symptoms of chemotherapy-induced nerve damage . Controlled , randomized trials will help validate these promising starts . The kind of training that the athletes working with Gervais and Sherlin receive is not available to most of us right now , but it may be in our near future . A few weeks ago , Sherlin 's company , Neurotopia , began beta-testing a dry  no goo in your hair  sensor , mobile headphone and tablet system that purports to do the same kind of assessment and training as the older model . At least in theory , this might make the product accessible to the rest of us . Training soldiers for the battlefield A conversation with Dr. Albert "  Skip " Rizzo , psychologist and research professor at the University of Southern California Keck School of Medicine , is like a lesson in applied science fiction , with your mind reeling from "  Star Trek " to the original "  Total Recall . " Except Rizzo 's jaw-dropping efforts are not fiction , nor are they "  on the horizon . " They are here , now . In a collaboration between the military , Hollywood and USC 's Institute for Creative Technologies , where he serves as the associate director for medical virtual reality , Rizzo and his colleagues have developed cutting-edge gaming and virtual reality technologies to serve the clinical needs of soldiers . One project , Stress Resilience in Virtual Environments  STRIVE  , helps train service members to have better resilience and emotional coping skills in realistic virtual-reality combat scenarios before they are exposed to the real stresses of combat . A second project , called Virtual Iraq  there is also a Virtual Afghanistan  , helps soldiers returning from combat work through their trauma by donning a helmet geared with video goggles , earphones and a scent machine , and revisiting the scene in a virtual reality setting , complete with sound and smell . Both STRIVE and Virtual Iraq  and Afghanistan  are based on exposure therapy , which has been effective in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder . The problem with PTSD is that the person often avoids anything that reminds them of the trauma , and this avoidance begins to generalize to everyday things , says Rizzo . "  It 's a snowball cascade effect . The things that evoke the fear and anxiety are no longer directly tied to the original trauma but generalized to the outside world . You see people with PTSD who will no longer leave their house , and if they do , they 're a nervous wreck . " The idea , says Rizzo , is to re-create the stressful environment in a doctor 's office , to help the patients confront and challenge the trauma and to give them the tools to better cope emotionally with what happened . Both of these technologies require specialists and a clinical setting , but SimCoach , a "  virtual human " designed for interactive use on the Internet , does not . Though at this point , SimCoach is targeted toward active-duty military personnel , veterans and their families , it may also have wider utility for everyday stress and anxiety . SimCoach users can select one of several avatars to talk to when they are feeling stressed out . The virtual human coaches can serve as an "  online companion for anyone who may be too introverted to seek help , someone who may not want to reach out to a clinician or who may feel stigma about seeing a therapist , " said John Hart , program manager at the Institute for Creative Technologies . "  SimCoach is not a doc-in-the-box , and it 's not going to make a diagnosis , " Hart observed . Nor is it meant to replace human interaction . What SimCoach does do is help those suffering from stress and anxiety symptoms begin the conversation about what they may be going through . It may also provide users with more information about what they may be experiencing , suggest local facilities where they can go for care and perhaps even walk them through breathing exercises or stress reduction techniques . Hart summed up what I find most compelling about SimCoach : "  Here we are , sitting on a mountain of valuable information about what to do when you 're stressed or feeling depressed . You can see how SimCoach can help people access the right information when they need it . " Imagine the possibilities ! An interactive virtual-reality source for information on stress , anxiety and PTSD -- the precursor , perhaps , to a real-life version of "  Star Trek 's " Emergency Medical Hologram Doctor . Home sweet home I recently attended a conference in Portugal . As I made my way through customs at Philadelphia International , a customs agent asked me what I did for a living . "  I write , " I said , "  mostly about stress . " He stared me down for few moments before saying in a low , gruff tone : "  If you really want to understand stress , then you need to spend a day with us here . " And here 's the thing : Regardless of what we do , most of us are feeling that same way about our runaway lives . The genie is out of the bottle , and there is little likelihood of us ever going back to a simpler time  if there ever was such a thing  . So , yes , let 's discuss technology addiction , always being "  on , " tech fasting and the need to design devices and apps for greater serenity . But let 's also consider how to harness some of these technologies to help us move easier in this new world , Neo-style . Is personalized medicine a myth ?	Experts are mapping elite athletes ' brains to determine optimal brain wave patterns Neurofeedback may be able to retrain the brainwaves of children with ADHD and autism STRIVE and SimCoach are two programs being used to help soldiers returning from war
Hong Kong student protest leaders Joshua Wong and Lester Shum were among those arrested amid heated confrontations as authorities attempted to clear demonstration camps in the Mong Kok district for a second day . Wong , the 18-year old founder of the secondary school activist group Scholarism , and Shum , deputy secretary general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students , were arrested after police and bailiffs moved to clear barricades on Nathan Road in the bustling commercial area , a spokeswoman for the student federation told CNN . By midday Wednesday , authorities had cleared barricades and tents from the long-established protest camp . Prior to his arrest , Shum told CNN he urged protesters to remain on the streets until the "  last second . " "  We will still conduct our civil disobedience action until the last second , until the plaintiffs or the police arrest us , " he said . Bailiffs have been engaged to clear the Mong Kok protest camps in accordance with a court order obtained by local business interests , following complaints that the protests have disrupted life in parts of the city for nearly two months . Police warned that anyone obstructing the bailiffs in their work would face charges of contempt of court or obstructing an officer . Some protesters were seen assisting authorities in dismantling shelters , as police ordered demonstrators disperse and not to interrupt the clearance . Others were tackled to the ground and detained by police during the clearance efforts . Night of clashes The police action followed a night of heated clashes between police and protesters , after authorities attempted to clear another road in Mong Kok , Argyle Street , Tuesday . As of 6am Wednesday morning Hong Kong time , 116 people had been arrested during the confrontation in Mong Kok , according to Alice Tam of the Police Public Relations Branch . Offenses included resisting police , illegal assembly , possession of weapons and attacking police . Twenty police officers were injured in clashes , said Tam . Lawmaker and pro-democracy activist Leung Kwok-hung , commonly known as "  Long Hair , " was among those arrested , his office confirmed . Tuesday 's clearance effort began peacefully , with some protesters indicating their intention to relocate to other protest camps peacefully . But events spiraled into violence as crowd numbers swelled , with police dressed in riot gear spraying liquid referred to by local media as "  tear water " toward the crowd to drive them back . Police warned protesters to retreat , displaying banners that read : "  Stop charging , or we use force . " As the situation Tuesday night escalated , activists issued calls on social media for reinforcements . The Hong Kong Federation of Students ' tweeted : "  More support urgently needed in Mong Kok ! Bring helmets ,  goggles  , shields , umbrellas , towels and be careful ! " As bailiffs announced their intention to clear the site Tuesday morning , protesters joined in chants calling for universal suffrage and demanding the resignation of Hong Kong 's chief executive , C.Y. Leung . Prior to leaving on a trip to South Korea on Tuesday , Leung said he had confidence in police to handle the situation in Mong Kok and said the government remained willing to engage in dialogue on political reform . Universal suffrage Pro-democracy protesters have occupied camps in parts of the city for nearly two months , and maintain a main protest site outside government buildings in Admiralty on Hong Kong Island . Calling for universal suffrage , they want to be able to nominate candidates for the election of the city 's chief executive in 2017 . Instead , China 's National People 's Congress has said they 'll be able to vote only for candidates from a short list approved by a pro-Beijing committee . Currently , the chief executive is elected by a specially appointed 1,200-member election committee . At the peak of the protests in early October , tens of thousands of people were on the streets at three locations . But numbers have dwindled as the protests have continued , and recent local polling suggests support has dipped . In a random survey of 513 people conducted by the University of Hong Kong , 83 % said pro-democracy protesters should cease their occupation of major roads in Hong Kong , while just 13 % said the protests should continue . No plans to halt Prior to his arrest , Shum told CNN there were no plans to give up the protests . "  The most urgent step is to revoke the August 31 NPC decision . The political reform problem starts from there , " he said , referring to the Chinese central government 's controversial decision to impose vetting restrictions on who could run as a candidate for Hong Kong 's top office . "  If the Chinese communist party refuses to , or the Hong Kong government does not reflect how Hong Kong people think , we urge them to deny the political reform bill in the Legislative Council and restart the whole political process again . " He said the decision on whether to remain on the streets and face violence or arrest was each individual protester 's own to make . "  I believe it is a personal or individual decision , because everyone has different degrees of consequences that they have to face alone , " he said . Who 's who in the Hong Kong protests ?	Hong Kong student protest leaders Joshua Wong and Lester Shum arrested Hong Kong police : 116 people had been arrested during confrontation in Mong Kok Clashes erupted after bailiffs initiated a court-ordered clearance of a street Authorities cleared a nearby street of protesters ' barricades and tents Wednesday
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on issues affecting communities across the country . County administrator Brenda T. Buck is trying hard to help create eight to 10 sawmill jobs for Jefferson County . FAYETTE , Mississippi  CNN  -- The odds are against Brenda T. Buck , and she knows it . So she counts on what she calls the Sandwich Philosophy : "  Take it one bite at a time . " Buck is the county administrator in Jefferson County , a rural area in southwest Mississippi dotted with small churches , modest homes and markers noting a Civil War skirmish . "  It is a great small town , and everybody knows everybody , " Buck says . If you look through the statistics , three things jump out : • The Census Bureau lists the population of Jefferson County as 86 percent African American , the highest percentage of any county in the United States . • It is the fourth-poorest county in the United States , with a median income of $ 15,037 . • The unemployment rate in August was 18.6 percent , the highest of Mississippi 's 82 counties . "  It has not always been this way , " says Angelia Shelvy , a single mother of three who is among the unemployed . "  I think we are forgotten . " Shelvy had a job making $ 10,000 a year as a teacher 's assistant , but she left it to take a job paying twice as much , signing on with a union that provides workers to nuclear power plants . Her parents agreed to care for her children when she had to travel , for months at a time , as far away as Arizona . Shelvy thought it was the right thing to do for her family , but phone calls to home at bedtime proved otherwise . Her 4-year-old , especially , had a rough time adjusting . "  I 'm like , ` You have Granny . ' He 's like , ` No , I do n't want Granny ; I want you to hold me , ' " Shelvy told us . "  I missed Mother 's Day twice ; for two years I missed it . ... So I decided that it was more important for me to be here with my children . " Back home now , she has been searching for work since March , looking as far as 90 minutes away from Fayette . "  I did Internet searching , different jobs , hospitals , different schools , " she said . "  They 're not hiring . They either say they are not hiring , or I 'm not qualified . I do n't have enough years of experience . ` We 'll call you later . ' ` Get back with us . ' And it 's been stressful for me . " Buck spends hours a day trying to help , and most of her time with the Board of Supervisors is spent debating economic development ideas . At home , too , she is reminded of the bleak local jobs market . Her husband is n't there . He 's working 900 miles away , at the moment , in Indiana . "  He works with a company that has been going into a lot of the car plants " during refittings and downsizing , Buck said . "  We have four kids . ... He is here basically maybe a total combination of , maybe , two months out of the year . " The county got a modest amount of federal money to buy new police cruisers . But its requests for stimulus money to improve its roads have been ignored , at least to date , and as Buck continues to press those requests , she also is pushing smaller economic development grants . Reliable Mat LLC is her current obsession . The screeching hum of a giant saw greets visitors , and inside the warehouse are dozens of pallets of neatly stacked firewood , waiting to be loaded on 18-wheelers and distributed across the country for the coming winter . On the grounds , there are 10 workers , some running giant logs through the saw , others stacking and wrapping the wood for shipment . On average , the men make about $ 100 day , and Paul Southerland , the company 's general manager , says the noise and activity attracts others who are down on their luck . "  I see a lot of people come by looking for jobs , yeah , " Southerland says during a tour of the grounds . The company 's main product is giant wooden mats used to create flat surfaces to provide access -- on foot and in vehicles -- to oil and gas fields . All of the work has shifted to the firewood production because orders for the mats have dropped dramatically . "  Mississippi is always last to feel the effects of a recession , and most of the time it is the last to pick back up , " Southerland said . "  It hit us about June . . . It really hit us hard , too . " Still , Southerland expects orders to pick up early next year . He hopes to expand the business by then if the county secures an economic development grant to help him buy a bigger sawmill . "  If we had that sawmill , we would be able to add eight or 10 more folks , " Southerland said . Eight or 10 more jobs might not seem like much in many places . But Jefferson County 's population is just shy of 9,000 , and when nearly one in five are unemployed , Buck invokes her Sandwich Philosophy . "  My short term goal is to get that grant , to get those eight people working , " she says . "  My philosophy , when I walk through the doors in the morning , just like a sandwich : take one bite at a time . " She also sees a bigger gain than just eight or 10 jobs . "  Just imagine , eight people , if it were eight men making $ 10 to $ 11 an hour could actually come home and be home at night with their families , " she said . "  The impact that it would make not just from the economical standpoint but from the social standpoint . "  That father 's presence there in that household and not having to travel so far . I mean you have a double whammy . It 's a win-win for any family . "	Jefferson County is fourth-poorest in U.S. ; the recession came late but hit hard Sometimes , breadwinners must leave state , and their families , to scrape by County administrator Brenda T. Buck wants to bring jobs close to home She considers every new job created in her county a small victory
CNN  -- My first visit to Augusta National was in 2005 when I was reporting for Ireland 's national television channel RTE . As you can imagine , it was the realization of a lifelong dream . For the traveling circus of working media , there is an opportunity to place your name in a lottery , with the prize for the precious few who are chosen being a round at the course on the day after the Masters concludes . To get to play the course was always going to be a long shot , but I had decided to bring my clubs just in case . The draw is made on the Saturday of the tournament . If you 're lucky to play , you are not allowed to enter the draw for another five years , so as to allow the fairest possible chance for those interested in teeing off on one of the world 's truly iconic courses . For a first-timer , it was something akin to an out-of-body experience when I was presented with an official invitation to play . I could NOT believe it ! The invitation is framed in our home alongside a 2005 Masters flag and a signed and marked scorecard . More of that anon . I was to tee off at 0730 , starting at the 10th tee . Unbelievable . Literally 15 hours after the leaders Chris DiMarco and a certain Tiger Woods had graced the back nine in the tournament , so would I. Up early , grooves cleaned and excited beyond belief , I pitched up at the gates of Magnolia Lane and made my way up to the clubhouse to check in , meet my caddy Travis in his traditional white overalls and head to the practice range . My heart was pumping . I remember hitting a rocket off the tee with a hard draw and I still had a four iron to the green . The adrenaline , combined with a borderline hook , meant I bounced it over the back of the green into a bush . After a few rushed shots that confirmed my amateur status , a double bogey was recorded . We were off and running . All told , I enjoyed five double bogeys . And they were good doubles ! The greens were unbelievable . The bumps and hollows , the scary reads -- we had them all and very early on I told myself to enjoy the experience , because this was not about the score , it was something to be savored . There were four of us : working press from all over the globe suddenly possessing the wide-eyed stare of excited children , with a glorious invitation to the pristine fairways of Augusta National -- living out our fantasies of actually playing the course . I remember playing the 16th and three-putting for a bogey . What they tell you about placing the ball in the correct position below the holes is absolutely true . On this and so many of the greens , there are impossible putts if you do n't play the correct approach shot . What was utterly fascinating was the opportunity to have a go at playing Tiger Woods ' chip shot at 16 from the previous day , which is arguably the greatest shot in modern times at Augusta . Let me confirm , not that it is necessary , that the shot was impossible for mere mortals like myself . The vision to play that shot -- which helped Woods win his fourth Green Jacket -- and the ability to execute it with such perfection was God-like . In the end , I carded eight pars , five bogeys and those five doubles . A round of 87 of which I 'm proud . We played from the members tees , as instructed , but I confess to playing on the Masters tees on all of the par-threes . There were so many wonderful experiences that day , as I savored the experience and stood in spots where so many iconic shots have been been struck down through the years . You 'll always remember your first time , and for me , it was a day that I will never , ever forget .	Augusta National opened in 1933 and first hosted the Masters the following year The Georgia venue stages the season 's opening major tournament in April Tiger Woods ' chip-in at the par-three 16th in 2005 is one of the most famous in golf That year was the fourth and last time the world No. 1 donned the Green Jacket
Chiara de Blasio , daughter of New York City Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio , has struggled with clinical depression and drug abuse , the 19-year-old revealed in a YouTube video posted Christmas Eve . "  I 've had depression , like clinical depression , for my entire adolescence , " de Blasio says in the video . "  It made it easier , the more I drank and did drugs , to share some common ground with people that I would n't have . It did n't start out as a huge thing for me but then it became a really huge thing for me . " In the video , de Blasio speaks about drinking and smoking marijuana when she was in college , as well as the outpatient treatment that started her on the road to recovery . De Blasio 's father sailed to a landslide victory last month over Republican candidate Joe Lhota to become New York 's first Democratic mayor in more than 20 years . One key to his victory was a connection with voters , formed in part via his mixed-race family , particularly his son , Dante , and wife , Chirlane McCray , who played a prominent role on the campaign trail . Chiara 's story has until now stayed out of the public eye . "  As parents , our instinct has been to protect our daughter and privately help her through a deeply personal struggle , " her parents said in an e-mail to supporters that linked to the video . "  But not only has Chiara committed to her own health , she is also committed to helping young people everywhere who face similar challenges . " Professionally shot and edited , the YouTube video was released under an account bearing Chiara de Blasio 's name . It directs viewers to visit ok2talk.org , an organization that encourages youth who struggle with mental illness to talk about their experiences . According to the video , Chiara de Blasio has completed treatment and is now trying to reach out to others . "  It 's just important for people to realize , anybody who is watching this , that if you 're suffering and if you 're depressed , you 're dealing with mental illness , and you think that it might have something to do with your drug abuse or drinking , or if you 're just suffering from both of those at the same time and you think that they 're completely unrelated to one another , " she says , "  getting sober is always a positive thing . " De Blasio makes minimal reference to her parents , not naming either and mentioning only that both were "  very emotionally committed to try to figure out some way to get me better . " Participating in her father 's campaign after completing treatment "  was like the greatest thing ever , " de Blasio says , although she does n't specify that it was the mayoral race . White House Drug Policy Director Gil Kerlikowske issued a statement Tuesday afternoon praising the young de Blasio for speaking out . "  Chiara is giving a voice to the millions who suffer from substance use and mental health disorders , and we encourage others to join her , " he said . "  By talking about addiction in the light of day -- and by celebrating recovery out loud -- we can help correct the misinformation and stigma that too often become obstacles for the millions of Americans who deserve to live healthy , productive lives , " Kerlikowske said . De Blasio decided to speak out "  because people are suffering from this disease and dying from this disease every day . And we really ca n't do anything as a society to help those people until we start talking about it , " she says . "  And nobody can do sobriety on their own . "	Chiara de Blasio says on YouTube she 's struggled with depression , drinking , marijuana She also talks about the outpatient treatment that put her on the road to recovery She says she wants to help others deal with similar problems and tells them where to find help Her parents issue a statement supporting the video and her commitment to help others
The Hollywood Reporter  Good artists borrow . Great artists steal . On Tuesday , a California federal jury delivered its own message to artists everywhere that inspiration can rise to copyright infringement . The verdict was reached after eight days of trial testimony examining whether Robin Thicke 's and Pharrell Williams ' "  Blurred Lines , " one of the most successful songs of the young century , was improperly drawn from a soulful hallmark from the prior one -- Marvin Gaye 's 1977 hit "  Got to Give It Up . " Ultimately , a jury comprised of five women and three men heard dueling opinions regarding "  Blurred Lines " and decided to order Thicke and Williams to pay $ 4 million in copyright damages plus profits attributable to infringement , which for Thicke was determined to be $ 1.8 million and for Williams was determined to be $ 1.6 million . Both escaped statutory damages as the infringement was found not to be willful . Read more : Robin Thicke sues to protect ` Blurred Lines ' from Marvin Gaye 's family  exclusive The hardly predictable outcome over a song that made more than $ 16 million in profits will resonate in the music industry where copyright lawsuits are commonplace , but few such suits ever make it to trial . Most never get past the summary judgment phase because judges carefully draw the line on any lawsuits alleging misappropriation of non-protectable ideas . The highest profile disputes like the one between Tom Petty and Sam Smith over "  Stay With Me " usually settle . Not only did the "  Blurred Lines " case go the distance , both sides brought esteemed entertainment litigators to convince the jury . Howard King , representing Thicke , Williams and rapper T.I  a.k.a. Clifford Harris Jr.  , spoke how artists need wide berth in their creative pursuits . During opening arguments , he told the jury , "  We 're going to show you what you already know : that no one owns a genre or a style or a groove . To be inspired by Marvin Gaye is an honorable thing . " Over the next week-and-a-half , King would execute a two-pronged strategy : First , he emphasized that Frankie and Nona Gaye only owned compositional elements in the "  Got to Give It Up " sheet music , leaving out more recognizable elements of the recording like the percussion and singing . Second , he had witnesses testifying both to the differences of "  Blurred Lines " and "  Got To Give It Up " as well as the similarities in other famous songs . The case has been tough on Thicke thanks to depositions revealing he lied in media interviews and was drunk and high on Vicodin . But the singer attempted to do himself a favor by showcasing that songs can be stitched together with ease and that perceptions about similarity can be deceiving . On the witness stand , he sang a medley of U2 's "  With Or Without You , " The Beatles ' "  Let It Be , " Alphaville 's "  Forever Young , " Bob Marley 's "  No Woman No Cry " and Michael Jackson 's "  Man In the Mirror . " Read more : Robin Thicke admits drug abuse , lying to media in wild "  Blurred Lines " deposition  exclusive Williams also testified about his song creation process , admitting to jurors that "  Blurred Lines " channels "  that '70s feeling " and that he looked up to Gaye , but that to feel , is n't copyright infringement . "  The last thing you want to do as a creator is take something of someone else 's when you love him , " said Williams , expressing a point-of-view that 's in contrast to the maxim that good artists borrow and great artists steal . Richard Busch , attorney for the Gayes , appeared to know he 'd need to overcome the celebrity charisma of his counterparts . "  They will smile at you and they will be charming , " he said in opening arguments . "  Keep one thing in mind : They are professional performers . " Read more : ` Blurred Lines ' trial -- Robin Thicke performs piano medley in court The Gaye family was handicapped by U.S. District Judge John Kronstadt 's decision to preclude use at trial of the original sound recording of "  Got to Give It Up " because Gaye 's copyrights on the song were limited to the sheet music compositions . Before the trial began , Busch wondered whether his side would get a fair trial , and while the judge eventually allowed a stripped-down version of Gaye 's song to be played for the jury 's ears , the attorney was disturbed by comments made by the Thicke side that he argued had "  poisoned " the trial . The judge dismissed those concerns . Any lingering unhappiness over the judge 's decision leading to the jury 's verdict will likely be taken on appeal . To demonstrate copyright infringement , Busch instead leaned on the musicologists , who testified of similarities in signature phrase , hook , keyboard-bass interplay , lyrics and theme of the songs . Although "  Blurred Lines " was the headliner , the Gaye family also attempted to prove that Thicke 's "  Love After War " was an infringement of Gaye 's "  After the Dance " too . Then , there was the rare peek at "  Blurred Lines " financial success as the Gaye family made their case for damages . Busch had accounting experts speak about all the money made -- including $ 5.6 million in profits to Thicke , $ 5.2 million to Williams and $ 700K to T.I. and the rest of the $ 16.7 million in overall profits to record companies Interscope , UMG Distribution and Star Trak . The Gayes also wanted some of the $ 11 million in touring income attributable to "  Blurred Lines " success as well as money for overhead costs and statutory damages for willful infringement . All told , the Gaye family was seeking more than $ 25 million -- a mammoth demand that would shatter the song plagiarism high-water mark of $ 5.4 million that a California court ordered Michael Bolton and Sony to pay two decades ago for infringing The Isley Brothers ' "  Love is a Wonderful Thing . " In closing arguments , Busch raised the issue of Thicke 's credibility , telling jurors , " "  What it boils down to is ` Yes , we copied . Yes , we took it . Yes , we lied about it . Yes , we changed our story every time ' ... It boils down to this : Who do you believe ? ... Are you going to believe Robin Thicke , who told us all he 's not an honest person ? " King offered a rebuttal . "  Why would Mr. Williams need to copy anyone to create a hit ? " he asked the jury . "  Why would Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams endure a proceeding like this , where their personal financial details are revealed to the world ? " In what might now be the landmark legal controversy over songcraft , the jury decided to find that Thicke and Williams infringed both songs . The two were only punished $ 9,375 for "  Love After War , " but it will be the multimillion dollar verdict regarding "  Blurred Lines " that will sound out for ages . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Marvin Gaye 's family sued over similarities between ` Blurred Lines ' and ` Got to Give It Up ' A jury has awarded the family $ 7.4 million in the suit The Gaye family was seeking more than $ 25 million The decision was reached after eight days of trial testimony
CNN  -- The debate in Congress this week about whether to pay for extending the payroll tax cut by imposing a new tax on millionaires will have nothing to do with solving our nation 's economic challenges and everything to do with election-year politics . Senate Democratic leaders have already signaled they will use the debate as a purely partisan exercise designed to embarrass Republicans into opposing tax cuts for the poor while defending tax cuts for the rich . I intend to offer an alternative . Instead of punishing the rich with higher taxes , I will give Congress the option of helping pay for extending the payroll tax cut by ending welfare to the wealthy . Read Sen. Coburn 's report , "  Subsidies of the Rich and Famous " Every year , politicians on both sides engage in a process of reverse Robin Hood in which they steal $ 30 billion from low - and middle-income Americans and provide handouts to the rich and famous . Millionaires receive tax earmarks and deductions crafted by both parties that allow them to write off billions each year . These write-offs include mortgage interest deductions on second homes and luxury yachts , gambling losses , business expenses , electric vehicle credits and even child care tax credits . Meanwhile , direct handouts for millionaires have included $ 74 million in unemployment checks , $ 316 million in farm subsidies , $ 89 million for preservation of ranches and estates , $ 9 billion in retirement checks and $ 7.5 million to compensate for damages caused by emergencies to property that should have been insured . Millionaires have even borrowed $ 16 million in government-backed education loans to attend college since 2007 . The goal of highlighting these excesses is not to demonize those who are successful . Instead , by highlighting the sheer stupidity of pampering the wealthy with lavish benefits through our safety net and tax code , I hope to make a moral and economic argument for real entitlement and tax reform . The most troubling gap in America today is not an income gap . It is an integrity gap -- and even intelligence gap -- between Washington and the rest of the country . Families are struggling to make ends meet and are making painful economic choices as politicians in Washington borrow billions to provide welfare to the wealthy . Politicians on both sides refuse to fix big problems and defend stupid policies because changing those policies would involve upending a comfortable political status quo . It 's important for taxpayers to understand that these distortions are not accidental loopholes in the law . To the contrary , these provisions are intentional efforts to get all Americans to buy into a system where everyone appears to benefit while the poor and middle class are being robbed . In the case of entitlements such as Social Security , progressives have argued for decades that a program for poor people will be a poor program . Yet , Warren Buffett hardly needs the same retirement check as his secretary . Ending welfare handouts to millionaires will strengthen , not undermine , the safety net for people who need it most . Even Canada has adopted means testing in its retirement program by limiting benefits for high-earners . That fact is we ca n't afford the system we have today . Only by adopting common-sense reforms can we sustain a safety net for those who truly need assistance . On the tax side , both parties have been reluctant to alter tax earmarks and deductions , such as the mortgage interest deduction . These are considered sacrosanct . Yet , it 's hard to understand how limiting the mortgage interest deductions for yachts will hurt working families . Defending spending in the tax code is not conservative . Providing tax earmarks and deductions to millionaires is a tax increase on everyone who does n't receive the benefit . The only way we will enact real tax reform , and grow the economy , is by lowering tax rates and broadening the base by scaling back these egregious handouts . This is precisely what President Ronald Reagan did in 1986 . Even though the super committee failed to reach an agreement on broad deficit reduction , there is no reason why the other super committee -- Congress -- should drag its feet . Change in Washington tends to start with small steps . There is no better place to start than scaling back ludicrous handouts to millionaires that expose an entitlement system and tax code that desperately need to be reformed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Coburn .	Tom Coburn : It 's not necessary to raise taxes on the rich to pay for payroll tax cut Instead , he says , end the annual $ 30 billion in tax break handouts to the rich and famous Coburn : They get deductions for second homes , yachts , gambling losses , child care Earmarks , deductions for millionaires amount to a tax hike on everyone else , he says
CNN  -- Former world number one Serena Williams has withdrawn from the Brisbane International tournament in Australia after suffering an ankle injury in Wednesday 's third-round victory over Bojana Jovanovski . However , the American hopes it will not stop her from competing at this month 's Australian Open , an event that the 13-time grand slam champion has won five times -- a record in the post-1968 Open era . The world No. 12 sustained the injury while serving for the match at 5-3 in the second set of her clash with Jovanovski at the Pat Rafter Arena . The Serbian broke to keep the contest alive , but fourth seed Williams responded to earn a 6-2 6-4 win before the results of a scan forced her to exit the Queensland event . Serena : ' I do n't love playing tennis ' "  I 'm disappointed to have to pull out of the Brisbane International , " the 30-year-old Williams told the tournament 's official website . "  I have been to hospital and it has been confirmed that I have a left ankle sprain that I probably should n't play on . I 'm going to take a couple of days off , not too many , and see how I feel . I 'm still hopeful of playing the Australian Open . " Williams was playing in her first event since losing to Samantha Stosur in the final of the U.S. Open in September , when she was fined $ 2,000 for verbally abusing the match umpire . The Michigan native has been plagued by injury in recent years , having twice undergone foot surgery after stepping on a piece of glass in July 2010 and then suffering blood clots on both lungs . "  It was such an unexpected end to the tournament , " she said . "  I did n't expect to be getting an MRI today . I 've had a great time here in Brisbane -- the tournament is great , the fans are fantastic and hopefully I 'll see them again next year . " Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova is guaranteed a place in the last four as a result of Williams ' withdrawal , having beaten American Vania King 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the third round on Tuesday . Jovanovski 's fellow Serb Jelena Jankovic reached the quarterfinals after the former world number one earned a straight-sets 6-3 6-2 win against Russian qualifier Nina Bratchikova . Jankovic next faces Italian third seed Francesca Schiavone , who defeated Kazakhstan 's Galina Voskoboeva on Tuesday . Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi set up a last-eight clash with German second seed Andrea Petkovic after cruising past Russian No. 7 Anastasia Pavlyuchenko 6-0 6-3 . Elsewhere on the WTA Tour , top seed Sabine Lisicki battled the elements to record a hard-fought 7-6  7-3  3-6 6-3 success against fellow German Mona Barthel in second round of the ASB Classic in Auckland , New Zealand . A 90-minute rain delay disrupted the opening set , which Lisicki eventually won in a tie-break , and the world No. 15 clinched the decider in a match which saw both players surrender seven breaks of serve . Lisicki next faces compatriot Angelique Kerber , who upset fifth seed Julia Gorges 6-2 6-3 in another all-German encounter . Chinese second seed Peng Shuai crashed out of the hard-court event , losing 6-4 6-3 to the Czech Republic 's Lucie Hradecka . The 26-year-old Hradecka will face Peng 's compatriot Zheng Jie in the last eight , after the world No. 48 eliminated Romanian eighth seed Monica Niculescu 6-0 6-2 . Russian third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova thrashed American Christina McHale 6-1 6-1 to set up a clash with Italy 's Sara Errani -- who beat 2010 champion and 2011 runner-up Yanina Wickmayer . The Belgian seventh seed lost 4-6 6-1 6-1 in her second match since an injury retirement at September 's U.S. Open . Fourth seed Flavia Pennetta beat Britain 's Elena Baltacha 6-4 6-2 to set up a quarterfinal with Russia 's Elena Vesnina , who eliminated the 2010 runner-up 's fellow Italian Roberta Vinci 6-3 6-4 . Meanwhile , the United States ' hopes of retaining the Hopman Cup ended after a 3-0 Group A loss to the Czech Republic . World No. 2 and Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova got the Czechs off to the perfect start by beating Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-2 6-1 , then Tomas Berdych defeated top-ranked American men 's player Mardy Fish . World No. 7 Berdych and Kvitova made it a clean sweep for the Czechs by taking the dead doubles rubber 6-3 7-5 . The result put the Czechs in a strong position to qualify for the final ahead of their last group match against Denmark on Friday . The Danish pair of world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and Frederik Nielsen lost 2-1 to Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova and Grigor Dimitrov . Wozniacki defeated Pironkova 7-5 4-6 6-2 in the opening rubber , before Dimitrov leveled for Bulgaria with a 7-6 6-2 win over Nielsen . Bulgaria won the deciding doubles rubber 6-3 7-5 , but both teams can still qualify for Saturday 's final .	Serena Williams withdraws from the Brisbane International due to an ankle injury The American had earlier managed to defeat Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovski 6-2 6-4 The 13-time grand slam champion hopes to be fit for this month 's Australian Open Williams has won the Melbourne event five times , a record in the Open era
CNN  -- A union representing thousands of transit workers went on strike early Tuesday in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , shutting down buses , subways and trolleys that carry almost a million people daily . Transport Workers Union leaders walked out of contract talks just before midnight , saying they could n't accept an offer from the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority because of a shortfall in their pension fund and disagreements on some work rule issues . Joe Casey , general manager of the transit authority , said the offer presented to workers was competitive . Are you stranded by the strike ? Share your story "  For the life of me I ca n't believe the TWU walked away from that offer , " he said . The strike means all buses , subways and trolleys in Philadelphia and on the Frontier line in Bucks and Montgomery counties stopped running at 3 a.m. Read local coverage from CNN affiliate WPVI One train operator was as surprised as customers to discover the strike had begun . Sly Wagner showed up at the Fern Rock station ready to work , CNN affiliate Philly.com reported . "  I 'm like everybody else , " he said . "  The only way I found out was when I went to the station and the gates were locked . " Commuters were n't taking it well . Comments on the Web site of CNN affiliate WPVI-TV were anti-strike by a ratio of 9 to 1 on Tuesday . "  These guys need to take a look around and see that we 're facing 10 percent unemployment and an economy on the brink of collapse , " Lee Henderson commented to the Web site . "  They should be grateful for good jobs and go back to work without further delay . " Henderson commutes from Elkins Park , on the northern edge of Philadelphia . But a city resident who only gave his first name , Gary , backed the union . "  Local 234 is standing up for the union members ; Philadelphia is a union city , " he commented . "  Local 234 is just expressing its rights . Septa always pulls the economy into negotiations , but when it comes to their managers getting paid , they get what they want . " Read local coverage from CNN affiliate Philly.com Concern about crowds converging in downtown Philadelphia for the World Series surfaced in talks over the weekend and workers agreed to stave off the strike . But not long after the last out in Game 5 and the series heading back to New York , Local 234 went on the picket line . The transit authority urged riders to check its Web site for contingency plans .	NEW : Commuters express outrage , but a few support the union Transport Workers Union leaders walk out of contract talks Strike affects buses , subways and trolleys that transport nearly a million people daily Transit authority and union ca n't agree on pension funding and work rules
London  CNN  -- Years before two men allegedly hacked a British soldier to death on a London street , Kenyan authorities arrested one of the suspects on suspicion of terror ties . In 2010 , Kenyan police detained Michael Adebolajo and six others suspected of links to Somalia 's Al-Shabaab terrorist group , Kenyan government spokesman Muthui Kariuki said . Kenyan counterterrorism sources told CNN that Adebolajo traveled to Kenya in November 2010 and was arrested for trying to cross illegally into Somalia . Authorities have offered different accounts of what happened next . The Kenyan government spokesman told CNN that British security officials interrogated Adebolajo , a 28-year-old British national of Nigerian descent who went by a different name at the time . The British Foreign Office said that it provided consular assistance to a British national arrested in Kenya in 2010 , but declined to provide further details . It 's unclear why Adebolajo traveled to Kenya or what happened after his 2010 arrest . But authorities are looking into his travels to the region as part of their investigation into the soldier 's killing Wednesday in Woolwich , a working class neighborhood in southeast London . CNN understands that one line of inquiry being examined in the Woolwich terror investigation is that Adebolajo might have attempted -- but failed -- to travel to Somalia on another occasion , as recently as last year . Last week 's attack near the Royal Artillery Barracks shocked people across the United Kingdom , sparked a series of arrests over the weekend and prompted officials to announce plans for a task force to tackle extremism in Britain . On Saturday , angry far-right protesters in northern England pointed to the soldier 's slaying and called for Muslims to leave the United Kingdom . At the scene of the gory attack , one of the suspects apparently approached a man filming the scene in the Woolwich neighborhood and suggested that Rigby had been targeted "  because Muslims are dying daily " at the hands of British troops like him . "  We must fight them as they fight us , " he said in the video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . "  An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth . " ` Armies of one ' : Are long wolf attacks the future of terrorism ? Friends , acquaintances and British media have identified Adebolajo as the suspect seen in the gory video . Authorities have not identified that individual or the 22-year-old man seized with him at the scene by armed police . Both suspects were shot and remain hospitalized . British authorities , including Prime Minister David Cameron , have described the soldier 's brutal slaying as a terror attack . In total , six people have been arrested in connection with the attack , including three men who were taken into custody Saturday , and another on Sunday . The men were being held on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . Far-right marchers rally amid tensions over Woolwich killing ` Changed and withdrawn ' Adebolajo was a changed man when he returned to the United Kingdom from Kenya , according to a man who described himself as an associate of the suspect . In an interview with BBC 's "  Newsnight , " Abu Nusaybah said Adebolajo was physically assaulted and sexually threatened during his detention in Kenya -- an allegation CNN has not independently verified . Adebolajo appeared changed and withdrawn after his return from the east African nation , Abu Nusaybah said . Afterward , Abu Nusaybah said , Britain 's MI5 domestic intelligence service approached Adebolajo and asked if he wanted to work for them . A security source told CNN that "  we would never comment " on the kind of allegations Abu Nusaybah made in the interview . After the interview , British counterterrorism police arrested Abu Nusaybah , accvording to a BBC staffer who did not wish to be named . London 's Metropolitan Police Service said a 31-year-old man had been arrested in London on Friday night on terrorism-related offenses , but following standard practice , would not give the arrested man 's name . A Scotland Yard spokesman told CNN the arrest at the BBC was not connected to the murder investigation in Woolwich . Tributes pour in for soldier slain in cleaver attack Islamist connections claimed Adebolajo had been a follower of Al-Muhajiroun , a British group of Islamic extremists virulently opposed to UK intervention in Iraq and openly supportive of al Qaeda , according to several Al-Muhajiroun insiders . He attended meetings of the group in London , they said , before moving away from the group two or three years ago . Details about his purported connections to Somalia 's Al-Shabaab movement are unclear . The Islamist militants control much of southern Somalia and have long been affiliated with al Qaeda . In 2011 , Kenya sent forces to the neighboring nation to battle Al-Shabaab , which it blamed for kidnapping foreigners and launching grenade and gun attacks in Kenya . Cub Scout leader , ex-teacher confronted London terrorist Kariuki , the Kenyan government spokesman , said that Adebolajo was arrested in the coastal town of Lamu in 2010 and released to British security officials inside Kenya . No charges were filed against Adebolajo , according to the Kenyan media . Lamu is part of an area near the Somali border that has been the stage for attacks by armed gangs and suspected operatives from Al-Shabaab . On Sunday , one Kenyan official pointed to the 2010 arrest of Adebolajo and other British nationals as a sign that his country 's approach fighting terrorism was working . "  On  the  war against terrorism , Kenya security forces have been ahead of the curve , " said Bitange Ndemo , who heads Kenya 's information ministry . "  In 2010 our security forces arrested a number of British nationals on suspicion of terrorism activities . Relevant British authorities in Kenya were contacted . This action reaffirms Kenya 's position as a credible and highly effective player in the fight against terror and organized crime . " Police : French soldier stabbed in beck while on patrol CNN 's Zain Verjee and Bharati Naik reported from London . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Kenya says Michael Adebolajo was arrested in 2010 and handed over to British officials Kenyan police detained him and six others suspected of links to Al-Shabaab , an official says Authorities are looking into Adebolajo 's travels to east Africa Six arrests have been made in connection with a British soldier 's killing , police say
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress and animal rights activist Eva Mendes hopes you 'll shun fur as you shop for the holidays . "  Even if you buy a fur glove with the little trim , and you think ` Oh , my God , it 's just a little trim , ' that animal got clubbed , " Mendes said . Mendes took her clothes off two years ago for the PETA  People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  "  Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur " campaign , but now she wants you to see something less pleasant . She 's narrated a video of PETA 's latest undercover footage of animals being killed for their fur . "  These animals are beaten to death , they 're skinned alive , their throats are slashed while they 're still alive , " she said . "  They 're anally electrocuted , just so the fur wo n't become tainted . " It 's unlikely you 'll see the 3-minute video on television because of its gruesome nature . But it should n't be hard to find it spreading virally online . "  It 's not something you want to see , " she said . "  But it 's something you have to see . " Mendes says she 's confident that anyone who watches it will eventually ditch furs as fashion . "  Even if you do n't do something today , it 'll stay in your consciousness and you 'll think about it , " she said . "  That 's why these strong images are so necessary for people to see , because they 'll stay in your mind , and maybe in your subconscious . They 'll stay there and that will really help you make a more evolved decision in the future . " Mendes said her dog , Hugo , "  changed her world " and convinced her to campaign against fur . "  I 've become so much of a more just sensitive , empathetic person towards animals because of him , " she said . "  Because he 's just so precious and I ca n't imagine wearing him or eating him , and what 's really the difference between him or some little raccoon or some bunny or seal ? " Mendes stopped eating beef , chicken and pork two years ago , but she still consumes animal products such as cheese and milk . But there is a great substitute for animal fur , she said . "  Go faux , go fake . "	Eva Mendes narrates PETA video of undercover footage of animals being killed for fur "  It 's not something you want to see , " Mendes says of gruesome 3-minute video Two years ago , Mendes took off clothes for group 's "  Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur " campaign
Hong Kong is at the threshold of a revolution . No , I am not referring to the movement colorfully dubbed the "  Umbrella Revolution " by the international media . True , having faced police tear gas and efforts to dislodge them , students and the "  Occupy Central " group have captured and are holding parts of Hong Kong -- main thoroughfares in Central , Causeway Bay and Mongkok . And it is escalating . They are also demanding the resignation of the territory 's Chief Executive C.Y. Leung and a back-down from Beijing on their recently announced plans on political reform for 2017 . Orderly fashion The revolution I am referring to is that of the silent majority , the nondescript middle-aged and conservatives who prefer change in an orderly fashion -- the segment usually ignored by the media and the "  haves " of the society as "  aging and not sexy . " You see , while as many as 70,000 students and "  Occupy Central " group supporters occupy the streets now , only six weeks ago , 1.5 million Hong Kongers boldly came out from their cocoons to sign their names on a petition to demand peace and reject "  Occupy Central . " That 's one in almost every five people in our city of seven million . The campaign was organized by "  The Alliance for Peace and Democracy " of which "  Silent Majority for Hong Kong , " a group I co-founded , is a member . So are all 1.5 million of us stooges of Beijing ? Hardly likely . We are just as diverse and politically divided as any silent majority group in other cities . The only difference is we came out before things turned ugly . We want peace and democracy -- universal suffrage in 2017 -- but we abhor and reject "  Occupy Central " for trying to hold Hong Kong hostage in the fight for its brand of democracy . We believe political reform should be negotiated and then the people can decide for themselves , conservatives and progressives alike . After all , the pan-democratic group , which is backing "  Occupy Central " to the hilt , is holding the trump card -- it has enough votes to veto any reform packages they deem unacceptable in the Legislative Council . Unwilling pawns We believe "  Occupy Central " and its vow to paralyze our financial center by occupation and blockages are for real , and it will hurt the middle class and common folks more than the wealthy . We do not want to be held hostage and be unwilling pawns in a political game , and we do not want the same fate as tens of millions in other parts of the world who suffer financial losses , injuries and even deaths in turmoil brought about by the politically aggressive and adventurous . Now that "  Occupy Central " has happened , we are feeling the effects of its strangulation . The stock market is down , shops are closed , people 's daily lives are disrupted -- and this is just the beginning . Some say it is a small price to pay for "  true democracy " -- so why do n't we accept it for the good someone else is chasing ? Hostages are always told that and then left to suffer . But we are not hostages : 1.5 million people have said no already , and we wo n't sit and suffer . People are walking up to the occupiers and telling them to go home . The Alliance has openly asked for "  Occupy Central " to desist from occupation of Mong Kok and Causeway Bay as a show of goodwill to the people . We are ignored . The silent majority 's anger and demands are a trickle now , but may turn into a tidal wave . The question one must face in a civilized and democratic society like Hong Kong , where guns are near nonexistent , is : the will of the majority or the ruthlessness of the minority ? We can not foretell the outcome . Hong Kong is a divided society now . But the minority can not hold the majority hostage , unless they surrender . Whatever happens , we hope it will be peaceful . A social revolution is brewing , and when it ends in success and peace , it may inspire a whole generation of the silent majorities in this world to think : what if we break our silence and control our fate .	Hong Kong 's "  silent majority " want protesters to go home , says Robert Chow 1.5 million Hong Kongers signed a petition to demand peace and reject Occupy Central Protests will hurt economy , businesses and stock market , he adds Ordinary people do n't want to be unwilling pawns in a political game
CNN  -- The driver of a train that jumped the tracks last month at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport -- after having reportedly "  dozed off " -- has been fired , a transit authority spokeswoman said Friday . The early morning incident at one of the nation 's busiest airports was the operator 's second serious safety violation , according to Chicago Transit Authority spokeswoman Tammy Chase . That said , Chase said the woman was primarily terminated because of the severity of that crash , which injured 32 people . The development came the same day the transit authority announced several policy changes aimed at enhancing safety . They include requirements that train operators not be working at least one day in a seven-day period and must have at least 10 hours off between shifts  up from the previous 8-hour mandate  . Train operators also ca n't work more than 12 hours  including layover times and non-driving duties  in a 14-hour period . Fresh restrictions were also placed on those in their first year of operating trains : They ca n't do so more than 32 hours a week , though these employees can "  work other rail-related duties besides operating trains in their other work hours , " the transit authority said in its statement Friday . These revised guidelines are "  nearly identical " to those used by other transit agencies , according to Chase . She said "  nothing about the operator 's work schedule suggests that fatigue should have played a factor in her performance . " The driver had a day off four days before the incident , had n't worked for 18 hours before coming to work that day and worked 55.7 hours in the seven previous days  less than 44 of those as a rail operator  , according to the transit authority spokeswoman . That said , Chase acknowledged , "  The O'Hare incident prompted us to take a closer look at our scheduling . " The wreck occurred at 2:52 a.m. on March 24 , when an eight-car train failed to stop at the end of the Blue Line when it arrived at the airport station , a Chicago fire official said . The lead car appeared to have climbed an escalator adjacent to the passenger platform . "  I 've investigated many accidents and trains do different things , " National Transportation Safety Board investigator Tim DePaepe said of the train climbing the escalator . "  It 's all about kinetic force . I have not seen an accident like this , personally . " A union official told reporters last month that the train 's driver may have fallen asleep , CNN affiliate WLS reported . "  There are indications that she dozed off , yes , " Amalgamated Transit Union Local 308 President Robert Kelly said , according to WLS . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jennifer Feldman contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : No reason , based on schedule , that fatigue should have been a factor NEW : Incident did prompt transit agency to look at train operator scheduling 32 people were injured in last month 's incident at the end of Chicago 's Blue Line A union official had said there were "  indications " that the train operator "  dozed off "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Florida Law enforcement officials said Monday they had launched an investigation into a tragic boating accident near St. Augustine , Florida , that took the lives of five people and seriously injured seven others . CNN affiliate WJXT shows the scene of the deadly boating accident near Jacksonville , Florida , on Sunday . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has taken over as the lead agency involved in the investigation . The incident took place on Sunday around 7:15 p.m. , in the intracoastal waterway in St. Johns County , Florida , about 20 miles north of St. Augustine . According to FWC investigators , a 22-foot boat with 12 people on board rammed into the rear and right side of a 25-foot tugboat . "  We are still investigating and have n't come to any conclusions yet , " said Carol Pratt , spokeswoman for FWC . She said they still do not know who was driving the boat . They also are waiting for victims ' next of kin to be notified before releasing any of their names and ages . The tugboat was at a dock and boat launch under construction on the Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Valley , said Jeremy Robshaw , a spokesman for St. Johns County Fire and Rescue . Robshaw said rescuers could n't initially reach the end of the unfinished dock , but laid plywood sheets on the structure to get to crash victims . No one was onboard the tugboat , which is registered to F&A Enterprises in St. Augustine . The seven injured were taken to Shands Jacksonville Hospital in Jacksonville , Florida . Two patients remain in critical condition , one is considered serious and three are in fair condition . A hospital spokesman did not have information on the seventh victim . FWC told CNN that they hope to release more information on the incident and on their investigation . As in any accident , toxicology studies will be done on the driver of the boat , to determine whether he or she was impaired , spokesman Carol Pratt told CNN .	Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission takes lead in the investigation . Boat crashed into tugboat , barge and dock under construction Five people killed ; remaining seven taken to hospital with serious injuries Rescuers had to use plywood panels to reach the passengers
New York  CNN  -- A blogger has posted the home addresses of staffers from a newspaper after the paper published an online , interactive map showing names and addresses of all handgun permit-holders in New York 's Westchester and Rockland counties . Christopher Fountain , who is also a gun owner , spoke to CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien " on Thursday to explain his reasoning behind the posting . "  I felt they were using this to harass gun owners , " Fountain said of the newspaper 's staff . "  So I harassed them back . " Fountain posted the name , home address and phone numbers of the Journal News ' publisher , editor , visual editor and several other staff members . Fountain told CNN 's "  Early Start " that he was offended by the newspaper 's actions and "  wondered how they would like it if their addresses were published . " The map published by the Journal News on Saturday allows readers to zoom in on red dots that indicate which residents in the two New York counties are licensed to own pistols or revolvers . It had prompted more than 2,300 comments as of Thursday . Janet Hasson , president of the Journal News Media Group , defended the decision in a statement on Wednesday . "  One of our roles is to report publicly available information on timely issues , even when unpopular . We knew publication of the database  as well as the accompanying article providing context  would be controversial , but we felt sharing information about gun permits in our area was important in the aftermath of the Newtown  Connecticut  shootings , " she said . Although Fountain 's own address was not among those published by the Journal News , he told CNN he believes they were "  conflating legal gun owners " with the elementary school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , that claimed the lives of 20 children and 6 staffers on December 14 . Fountain 's blog is called "  For What It 's Worth , " and he currently is a real estate agent in Greenwich , Connecticut . The post , entitled "  Sauce for the goose or , home address and phone number of Journal News publisher , " had prompted more than 500 comments as of Thursday . Calls by CNN on Thursday to the Journal News for comment were not immediately returned . CNN 's KC Maas and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Christopher Fountain posted home addresses of newspaper staffers His posts came after the paper published an online map of handgun permit-holders "  I felt they were using this to harass gun owners . ... So I harassed them back , " he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Conrad Murray , who literally sang his innocence in a jail cell interview with CNN in April , has given his first interviews since spending two years in jail for the death of Michael Jackson . Australia 's "  60 Minutes " promoted a video interview with Murray to air Sunday , while London 's Daily Mail newspaper published a print interview . "  I did not kill Michael Jackson , " Murray told the Mail . "  He was a drug addict . Michael Jackson accidentally killed Michael Jackson . " The cardiologist said he found Jackson to be "  in crisis at the end of his life , filled with panic and misery " as he prepared for his comeback concerts in 2009 . "  By the end Michael Jackson was a broken man , " he told the newspaper . "  I tried to protect him but instead I was brought down with him . " His claims are similar to what he told CNN in two separate interviews earlier this year . "  Why am I innocent ? Because I did nothing wrong , and all I tried to do was to help a friend who I encountered in a devastated state . And I tried to do everything possible to help my friend , " Murray told CNN 's Don Lemon . Conrad Murray completes jail time for killing Michael Jackson Murray told Lemon he is a scapegoat who had the bad luck of being "  in the wrong place at the wrong time . " When Murray called in to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " from his jail cell phone for a live interview on April 2 , he serenaded Cooper with a sad Nat King Cole Christmas song that he said "  tells my story . " "  He is a little boy that Santa Claus forgot , and goodness knows , he did not want a lot . He wrote a note to Santa for some crayons and a toy . It broke his little heart when he found Santa had n't come . In the streets , he envied all the lucky boys , but goodness knows , he did n't want a lot . I 'm so sorry for that laddie who has n't got a daddy . He 's a little boy that Santa Claus forgot . " "  That song tells my story , " Murray then said . "  That 's how I grew up . I had no toy . I had nothing . As I grew up , my heart has been whole and my heart says to help , and all I do is to give . I want to give . " Conrad Murray from jail : ' I was in the wrong place at the wrong time ' Sunday 's newspaper interview gets into too-much-information territory , with Murray revealing intimate details of his nightly treatments of Jackson . "  You want to know how close we were ? I held his penis every night to fit a catheter because he was incontinent at night , " he said . A jury concluded after a two-month trial in 2011 that Murray 's negligence led to Jackson 's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his intractable insomnia for two months , so he could rest for rehearsals . Prosecutors argued that Murray 's negligence included leaving Jackson unmonitored and unattended while the powerful anesthetic was flowing into his vein through an IV drip . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren , arguing for the maximum four years in jail , said Murray was "  playing Russian roulette with Michael Jackson 's life every single night , " by using propofol to put him to sleep in "  a reckless , obscene manner . " Murray 's lawyers unsuccessfully argued that Jackson self-administered the drug while Murray was out of his bedroom . His appeal of the conviction is still pending in a California court .	London 's Daily Mail and Australia 's "  60 MInutes " interview Conrad Murray "  I did not kill Michael Jackson , " Murray tells the Mail . Murray 's post-jail interviews mirror what he told CNN from jail in April Murray shares several intimate details of his treatment of Jackson with the newspaper
Boston  CNN  A U.S. appeals court has rejected a fourth request to move the trial for the accused Boston Marathon bomber to another city . The death penalty trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been delayed by painstaking jury selection , crippling snowstorms and last-ditch appeals for change of venue . Earlier this month , Judge George O'Toole , along with the prosecution and defense teams , settled on a pool of 70 jury prospects after questioning 256 people over three weeks . Before the appeals court ruled Friday , the defense tried three times to persuade O'Toole to move the trial , claiming it could n't find an impartial jury in Boston . He refused . The attorneys will weed out jurors they believe are less sympathetic to their case next week . When that is done , the panel of 12 jurors and six alternates is expected to be formally seated to hear opening statements and the first witnesses to an event that cut Boston to its core . O'Toole indicated the trial could last well into June . The jurors first will decide whether Tsarnaev is guilty of using weapons of mass destruction to kill people at a large public event . If Tsarnaev is convicted , the jury then will decide whether he should be punished by life in prison without the possibility of release or death , most likely by lethal injection . Potential jurors were questioned at length about whether they believed Tsarnaev was guilty and whether they could consider the death penalty in a state where it has n't been an option in a generation . Massachusetts wiped the death penalty from its books for good in 1984 , and no one has been executed there since 1947 . But this case is being tried in federal court , and 17 of the 30 counts against Tsarnaev include the death penalty as a possible punishment . Also cited are so-called aggravating factors such as committing an act of terror and the tender age of the youngest person killed , 8-year-old Martin Richard . Many potential jurors said they thought Tsarnaev was guilty of the April 15 , 2013 , bombings , which killed three people near the finish line . He is also charged in the April 19 , 2013 , death of Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier . The officer was ambushed in his patrol car and shot to death as Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , ran from police hours after their photographs were released to the public . Opening statements and the first witnesses originally were slated for January 26 , but it took longer than anticipated to question the prospective jurors . Many of the jury prospects struggled with questions about where they stood on the death penalty and whether they could follow the law and vote for capital punishment if the facts and the law led them to that decision . It is almost certain that the trial , which will include wrenching testimony and video footage of the bombing victims , will be well underway during the running of this year 's Boston Marathon on April 20 . Tsarnaev , 21 , is accused of building two homemade pressure cooker bombs with his brother . The bombs detonated within moments of each other near the finish line . Aside from the three deaths , more than 250 people were injured by flying shrapnel and nails . Several survivors lost limbs . Tamerlan Tsarnaev died during a gun battle with police , and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hours later , bleeding and hiding in a boat in a Watertown backyard . He had written Islamist slogans on the sides of the boat , federal authorities allege . No cameras are allowed at the Tsarnaev trial . But CNN 's Ann O'Neill will be there every day . Think of her as The 13th Juror , bringing insights here weekly . And follow @AnnoCNN on Twitter daily .	Trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is set to begin next week It 's been long delayed by various issues , including jury selection
North Korea , China 's longtime ally , has vexed Beijing for years with its rocket launches , nuclear tests , kidnapping of Chinese fishermen and other erratic behavior . Yet , Beijing has run interference at the United Nations to temper punishments against Pyongyang , and has even helped Pyongyang circumvent sanctions . In the wake of North Korea 's third nuclear test in February , its reckless threats to strike the United States , and now -- its decision to scrap the armistice that ended the Korean War -- has China finally had enough ? Beijing signed on to sanctions that , in the words of Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , will "  bite and bite hard . " China 's ambassador to the U.N. declared Beijing 's commitment to "  safeguarding peace and stability on the Korean peninsula . " One should n't exaggerate the significance of these recent developments . After all , in the U.N. negotiations over sanctions -- this time as before -- the Chinese have consistently played the role of watering down the degree of punishment imposed against Pyongyang . And in the past Chinese firms have helped North Koreans evade sanctions . It remains to be seen whether Beijing intends to enforce the new measures . As rhetoric heats up , North Koreans ready to ` rain bullets on the enemy ' Beijing also has good reasons that continue to make it reluctant to crack down on its unruly ally . The Chinese perceive that they have a powerful interest in maintaining the status quo . As hard as it is to live with North Korea , Beijing fears it may be harder to live without it . The Chinese worry that coming down hard on Pyongyang , by cutting off their vital oil or food exports , could trigger a collapse of the North Korean government or other political instability on the peninsula . Beijing 's nightmares include a loose nukes problem and a humanitarian disaster . Beijing also has fears about the effects of a North Korean collapse on the strategic balance in East Asia . If North Korea collapsed and the two Koreas unified , China might find astride its border a unified , U.S.-aligned Korea hosting American troops . Chinese analysts also commonly argue that North Korea serves as an important distraction for the U.S. military , which might otherwise train its focus on defending Taiwan . Thus , despite the nuisance that North Korea regularly makes of itself , for all these reasons , it would be sorely missed by Beijing . North Korea declares 1953 armistice invalid But the days of "  lips and teeth "  Mao Zedong 's 's famous statement about the closeness of Sino-North Korean relations  are clearly over . Chinese scholars and analysts increasingly express open frustration with Pyongyang 's behavior . In the wake of North Korean piracy against Chinese fishermen , Chinese microblogs overflowed with outrage . Most recently , in a meeting of an advisory group to the Chinese government -- the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference -- participants openly debated the question : whether to "  keep or dump " North Korea ? The two countries have evolved from vitriolic BFFs to East Asia 's odd couple . When China and North Korea formed their alliance , the countries were both poor , weak , resentful , isolated , and the target of cold-war containment by the United States and its allies . While North Korea is still that country , China is emphatically not . China 's remarkable four decades of economic reform and growth have catapulted it to wealth and power -- China is a global power , with global interests . China has a deep stake in maintaining stability in order to sustain its pathway to prosperity . China 's relationship with the United States can be tense . But quite unlike in the days of Mao , the two countries are vital trade partners that share a vast array of ties and often overlapping interests . A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric Beijing also values its relationship with South Korea , which Pyongyang 's provocations seriously jeopardize . Booming trade flows , warm political relations , and deeply intertwined ties have created a relationship that makes it increasingly awkward for Beijing to look away when North Korea murders South Koreans as it did in 2010  with the sinking of the South Korean vessel Cheonan that killed 46 sailors , and when it shelled Yonpyeong Island  . China is a great power that is increasingly concerned with its standing in the world , and with cultivating "  soft power . " Beijing 's support for North Korea 's ruthless , bloody regime -- that attacks its neighbors , and brutalizes its people at home -- only draws attention to China 's own human rights failings , and undermines China 's soft power . Because the specter of North Korea 's collapse could potentially destabilize the Korea peninsula , Beijing may continue to shield Pyongyang . But the two countries ' increasingly divergent interests suggest that China 's dissatisfaction with North Korea is only likely to grow .	North Korean officials said the Korean Armistice Agreement is to be scrapped Jennifer Lind : Even Beijing signed on to sanctions against its longtime ally Has China finally had enough ? But she says China may still prefer the status quo Lind : If North Korea collapses , it could potentially destabilize the region , which China fears
CNN  -- Rapper T.I. , who was sentenced to a 366-day prison sentence in March , reported Tuesday to a federal prison complex in Forrest City , Arkansas , according to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . T.I. , left , performed to a packed crowd Sunday , days before he was to start a prison term . The rapper -- whose real name is Clifford Harris Jr. -- was required to be at the prison before noon local time to begin serving his sentence on federal weapons charges . According to news reports , officers from Forrest City and the prison set up a roadblock along Arkansas Highway 1 about one-tenth of a mile from the complex . Reporters were not allowed any closer to the prison . T.I. threw himself a going-away party Sunday night at Philips Arena in Atlanta , Georgia , before a packed house . During Sunday 's concert -- called "  T.I. 's Final Goodbye Bash " -- the 28-year-old Grammy winner reiterated a message that 's become familiar in recent weeks : He wants others to learn from his mistakes . "  I 'm doing the best I can to get out there , man , and put something positive on these young kids , man , " T.I. said during the show . "  I try my best . I need y' all help , though . " The rapper played to a sell-out crowd of 16,000 people , said Kenan Woods , a spokesman for the arena . T.I. played through much of his catalog , including the hits "  Whatever You Like , " "  Live Your Life " and the Grammy-winning "  Swagga Like Us , " Woods said . At times in the show , Harris was joined on stage by fellow rapper Soulja Boy and by his five children and mother , Woods said . T.I. was sentenced in March on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers . In addition to serving prison time , T.I. was placed on house arrest , was given community service and was ordered to pay a $ 100,300 fine . Though he had been in legal trouble before , Harris ' current situation began when he was arrested just hours before he was to perform at the BET Hip-Hop Awards in Atlanta . The rapper had provided a bodyguard with $ 12,000 to buy weapons . Harris was not permitted to own any guns , however , because he was convicted in 1998 on felony drug charges -- possession of crack cocaine with intent to distribute -- in Cobb County , in suburban Atlanta . After his arrest , he entered a plea agreement , which federal authorities called unique because it allowed the rapper to remain out of prison for a year while he performed community service . Harris has already left a strong mark on the hip-hop genre , music experts told CNN , which should position his career well when he is released . Harris had been named to the Forbes list of top-earning rappers , making an estimated $ 16 million in 2006 . Some music industry observers have said T.I. 's prison term will only make him more popular . "  I think that if anything , it will gain him more fans and actually support his fan base , because he 's talked about making a mistake , " Emil Wilbekin , editor in chief of Giant Magazine , told CNN . "  He 's talked about taking care of the error of his ways . " The Atlanta rapper has expressed remorse for the situation . "  I would like to say thank you to some and apologize to others , " he said at his sentencing in March . "  In my life , I have been placed in the worst-case scenario and had to make the best of it . " In a March interview with CNN 's T.J. Holmes , Harris said he no longer felt like he needed to carry weapons to protect himself . He said people should not idolize him for what he 's gone through , but should take note of the fact that he has taken responsibility for his actions . "  You should n't take the things that I 've gone through , and the negative parts of my life , and admire me for that . If anything , admire me for how I 've accepted responsibility for the part I played in placing myself in these situations , and what I 've done to recover from it , " Harris said . Harris has been the subject of an MTV reality show , "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption , " in the lead-up to the prison term .	T.I. performed Sunday , less than two days before his prison term was to start The rapper has been sentenced in connection with federal weapons charges His prison term of one year and one day starts Tuesday
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- A man who ran a notorious torture prison where more than 14,000 people died during the Khmer Rouge regime was found guilty of war crimes Monday and sentenced to 35 years in prison -- with five years taken off that sentence for time served . The verdict against Kaing Guek Eav , alias Duch , also convicted him of crimes against humanity , murder and torture . It was a historic first for a U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal . Duch , 67 , was the head of the S-21 prison , where at least 14,000 people died . "  It 's clear that he will never be a free man again , " said Youk Chhang , director of Documentation Center of Cambodia . Prosecutors had asked for a 45-year sentence with five years ' credit for time served . Duch pleaded guilty but said he was only following orders and asked for forgiveness . In the last week of the trial , he argued that international law did not apply to him because he was following orders . Few people brought to the prison made it out alive ; only about a dozen were found by the Vietnamese who invaded Cambodia in 1979 . Duch has acknowledged his role overseeing the prison but has sought release after 10 years in detention , angering survivors . Outside the court on Monday , hundreds of Cambodians , including the Muslim minority known as Cham , watched previous court sessions on large television screens . Timeline : Rise of Khmer Rouge and its aftermath "  We want to hear directly from the court what the verdict will be , " said Tin Mosa , who along with 40 others from the Cham group , got up early Monday to come to the court . "  I can assume that the international court is good enough to bring justice for the Cambodian people , especially for me , " he said . "  I want to see Duch die in jail . " More than 10 million Cambodians were expected to watch the live broadcast of the verdict being televised across the country , said Reach Sambath , the spokesman for the court . "  Today is a historic important day for the people of Cambodia , " Sambath said . At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . Another four of the ultra-Maoist regime 's former leaders are waiting to see if they will stand trial before a U.N.-backed tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity . The tribunal began its work in 2007 after a decade of on-and-off negotiations between the United Nations and Cambodia over the structure and the functioning of the court . Chhang , director of the documentation center , said his organization was holding verdict watch gatherings in seven provinces so that rural Cambodians could observe . Chhang said the verdict may not suit everyone , but he thinks Cambodians will be able to turn over a new leaf once the verdict is announced . "  This is what we have , and then we must move -LSB- on -RSB- . We have our own identity now , our own family , our own society now . We have to build it , make it strong , to prevent -LSB- the past -RSB- from happening " again , " he said . On Sunday , parents , siblings , friends and loved ones gathered before monks in a courtyard of the prison site -- now a museum -- to participate in a ceremony to honor the dead . Among them were survivors of S-21 , such as Bou Meng , who wept at times during the memorial . "  I have been waiting for justice for 30 years , " he said . "  If the verdict does not please me , I will be disappointed forever . " Eng Chanthy , 47 , lost her father , six brothers and grandfather to the Khmer Rouge due to starvation . "  I believe that justice will be brought by the tribunal court , " Chanthy said . "  I heard Duch was apologizing to the Cambodian people and asking the people to pardon to him , and I do n't agree with him asking for freedom . " "  I feel that Duch should die in prison . I do n't want to see him live in freedom , " she said .	NEW : Kaing Guek Eave , alias Duch , found guilty , gets 35 years in prison NEW : Verdict is historic first for U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal Duch pleaded guilty but said he was following orders Duch was member of the Khmer Rouge regime who ran S-21 torture prison
CNN  -- America is a less Christian nation than it was 20 years ago , and Christianity is not losing out to other religions , but primarily to a rejection of religion altogether , a survey published Monday found . Survey finds percentage of of Americans identifying themselves as Christian has fallen over two decades . Seventy-five percent of Americans call themselves Christian , according to the American Religious Identification Survey from Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut . In 1990 , the figure was 86 percent . William Donohue , president of the Catholic League said he thinks a radical shift towards individualism over the last quarter-century has a lot to do it . "  The three most dreaded words are thou shalt not , " he told Lou Dobbs . "  Notice they are not atheists -- they are saying I do n't want to be told what to do with my life . " At the same time there has been an increase in the number of people expressing no religious affiliation . The survey also found that "  born-again " or "  evangelical " Christianity is on the rise , while the percentage who belong to "  mainline " congregations such as the Episcopal or Lutheran churches has fallen . One in three Americans consider themselves evangelical , and the number of people associated with mega-churches has skyrocketed from less than 200,000 in 1990 to more than 8 million in the latest survey . Watch CNN report on new study " The rise in evangelical Christianity is contributing to the rejection of religion altogether by some Americans , said Mark Silk of Trinity College . "  In the 1990s , it really sunk in on the American public generally that there was a long-lasting ` religious right ' connected to a political party , and that turned a lot of people the other way , " he said of the link between the Republican Party and groups such as the Moral Majority and Focus on the Family . Watch author on mixing religion and politics " "  In an earlier time , people who would have been content to say , ` Well , I 'm some kind of a Protestant , ' now say ` Hell no , I wo n't go , ' " he told CNN . Silk also said the revelation that some Catholic priests had sexually abused children -- and senior figures in the church hierarchy had helped to hide it -- drove some Catholics away from religion . And , he said , it is now more socially acceptable than it once was to admit having no religion . "  You 're not declaring yourself a total pariah . The culture has changed in a way that makes it easier to say , ` No , I do n't have a religion . Even in the past year , Mitt Romney and Barack Obama feel obliged to talk about ` those of no faith , ' " he pointed out . Obama mentioned people without faith in his inaugural address in January , making him the first president to do so . In the survey , one in five Americans said they have no religious identity or did not answer the question , and more than one in four said they do not expect to have a religious funeral . The rise in what the survey authors call "  nones " is the only trend reflected in every single state in the study , Silk said . "  We do n't see anything else in the survey that is nationwide , " he told CNN . Still , Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , remained hopeful that people will return to their faith , noting there was a less dramatic decline in those affiliating themselves with a religion this decade than in the 1990s . Perkins told Lou Dobbs he sees that decline easing , and he thinks soon religion will be an even greater part of people 's lives . "  If this poll is taken next year will the outcome be different ? " he asked . "  As the economy goes downward , I think people are going to be driven to religion . " Other findings include : • The percentage of Catholics in the United States has remained steady at about one in four since 1990 , while the percentage of other Christians has plummeted from 60 percent to 50 percent . • The percentage of Muslims has doubled since 1990 , but remains statistically very small , only 0.3 percent in the original survey and 0.6 percent today . • Mormons have remained steady as a percentage of the population , even as the number of people in the United States has grown . They make up 1.4 percent of the population . • The number of Jews in the United States is falling if the category includes only those who define themselves as Jews religiously , but has remained the same if the category includes people who consider themselves ethnically Jewish . The survey polled 54,461 Americans between February and November of last year . Pollsters conducted the research in both English and Spanish . The survey is the third in a series , following polls in 1990 and 2001 .	New survey finds Americans less likely to identify themselves as Christian 75 percent call themselves Christian , down from 86 percent in 1990 Survey finds an increase in number of people expressing no religious affiliation Percentage of Muslims has doubled , but still small : from 0.3 to 0.6 percent
CNN  -- Five former Blackwater Worldwide security guards indicted on voluntary manslaughter and other charges in connection with killings in Iraq were released on their own recognizance Monday after a court hearing . Dustin Heard , an ex-security guard from Blackwater Worldwide , surrenders Monday in Salt Lake City , Utah . The charges , which the Justice Department announced Monday , stem from a September 16 , 2007 , shooting that killed 17 Iraqis in a Baghdad square . A judge ordered the ex-guards to appear for another court hearing in Washington on January 6 . The 35-count indictment charges each of the former guards with 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . Prosecutors do not believe they have enough evidence to bring manslaughter charges on three of the 17 deaths . If convicted , the defendants would face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for each manslaughter count , seven years in prison for each count of attempted manslaughter and a 30-year mandatory minimum sentence for the firearms charge . Watch victims speak of the shooting " The men named in the indictment are Donald Ball , 26 , of West Valley City , Utah ; Dustin Heard , 27 , of Maryville , Tennessee ; Evan Liberty , 26 , of Rochester , New Hampshire ; Nicholas Slatten , 24 , of Sparta , Tennessee ; and Paul Slough , 29 , of Keller , Texas . Watch Ball 's mother speak out " A sixth former security guard -- Jeremy P. Ridgeway , 35 , of California -- pleaded guilty last Friday in Washington to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter . The five men turned themselves in to federal authorities in Salt Lake City , Utah , on Monday morning and then were released on their own recognizance , which means that they were released without bail on a promise that they will return for the trial . Watch the scene in front of the courthouse " "  We take no pleasure in charging individuals whose job it was to protect the men and women of our country , " said Jeffrey A. Taylor , U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia . "  But when individuals are alleged to have violated the law while carrying out those duties , we are duty-bound to hold them accountable , as no one is above the law , even when our country is engaged in war . " The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , which was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " The attorneys for the defendants say that Blackwater 's employees in Iraq are exempt from the provisions of the act because the company has a contract in Iraq with the State Department , not the Defense Department . Mark Hulkower , defense attorney for Slough , blamed the killings on insurgents who used civilians as "  shields " in Iraq . Hulkower said his client and the other defendants were just trying to do their jobs in a very chaotic situation . "  These young men were fighting for their lives in a crowded area , " Hulkower said to reporters on the steps of the courthouse Monday . "  What happened was a tragedy , but not every tragedy is a crime . We are confident that this case will be dismissed . " The federal magistrate judge in the case initially ordered all five suspects barred from using firearms as one of the conditions for their release . Attorneys in the case argued against this vigorously , saying the suspects were hunters and one of the suspects needed to use a gun for his job as a court bailiff . The judge allowed the court bailiff , Ball , to use his gun for work but barred the others from using firearms . The hearing was packed with relatives of the suspects , and about a dozen soldiers in uniform could be seen in the courtroom . Defense attorneys pushed for the Utah judge to have a probable cause hearing , a preliminary hearing that determines if the government has enough evidence to go to trial . But the judge ordered that the probable cause hearing should occur on January 6 in Washington . The six guards were informed during the summer that they were targets of the investigation into the 2007 shooting . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The former guards ' company , Blackwater Worldwide , will not face charges . In a statement released shortly after the indictments were announced , Blackwater reiterated its position that its former employees had not acted improperly . "  Based on the information available to us , we understand that these individuals acted within the rules set forth for them by the government and that no criminal violations occurred , " the statement said . Blackwater also complained about a number of "  misguided assumptions and generalizations that surrounded this unfortunate incident . ... -LSB- Blackwater 's -RSB- work has been mischaracterized and all of our personnel unfairly maligned . " At the same time , the company noted that if "  it is determined that an individual acted improperly , then Blackwater supports holding that person accountable . " None of the former guards has worked for Blackwater since 2007 , company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said . An Iraqi official familiar with the investigation said that an FBI team and two U.S. prosecutors working on the case will meet in Baghdad on Saturday with more than 60 Iraqis involved in the incident . The meeting is intended to brief the Iraqis on the status of the case . Blackwater said its guards were protecting a U.S. diplomatic convoy when they came under attack from armed insurgents . The guards returned fire , Blackwater said . But an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder " and accused the guards of firing on civilians indiscriminately . The first U.S. soldiers to arrive on the scene told military investigators they found no evidence the contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary U.S. military report told CNN . The indictments are "  a step in the right direction , " said Mohammad Abdul Razzaq , whose 9-year-old son , Ali , was killed at Nusoor Square in Baghdad . "  It was heinous crime and a painful incident , -LSB- but -RSB- we can overcome that if a just verdict is handed down . " Hassan Salman , an Iraqi lawyer wounded in the shootings , said that the "  American judicial system , known for its integrity , should hand down -LSB- to -RSB- the perpetrators of this heinous crime against the Iraqi people nothing less than death sentences . " The complex legal case has been dogged by difficulties and may present a major challenge to federal prosecutors . Among the potential problems is that the law under which the charges are expected to be brought covers contractors working for the U.S. military , but the Blackwater guards were contracted by the State Department . Some independent legal experts question whether U.S. courts have jurisdiction in this case . Also muddying the waters are alleged assurances of immunity given to the guards by State Department diplomatic security agents investigating the incident before the FBI got involved . The State Department said its agents did not offer blanket immunity from criminal prosecution but only promised that statements the guards made on the scene could not be used against them in any prosecution . But when the investigation was turned over to the Justice Department to examine possible criminal activity , FBI agents discovered some guards believed they were immune from prosecution and therefore refused to be interviewed again , complicating the FBI probe . The shooting heightened tensions between U.S. and Iraqi government officials and contributed to a protracted debate over the extent of immunity that U.S. military personnel and civilian contractors have from Iraqi laws . Security contractors had immunity from Iraqi law under a provision put in place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq . But starting next year , under a U.S.-Iraq security agreement that Baghdad approved last week , Iraq will have the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. contractors and their employees . The State Department , which employed Blackwater to protect U.S. diplomats and other employees , renewed Blackwater 's contract this year over strong objections from the Iraqi government . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Terry Frieden , Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Justine Redman , Alan Silverleib and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	A 35-count indictment charges each of five former guards Ex-guards from Blackwater Worldwide surrender to authorities in Utah A sixth Blackwater guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter Ex-guards are charged in 2007 shootings that killed 17 Iraqis
CNN  -- Georgian leaders may be blaming Russia for the conflict raging in South Ossetia , but former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev said Thursday "  there is no doubt " that Georgia provoked the clash . Mikhail Gorbachev told CNN 's Larry King that Russia called extra troops into Georgia to stem violence . Gorbachev told CNN 's Larry King that Russia moved additional forces into South Ossetia in response to "  devastation " in the South Ossetia city of Tskhinvali . "  This was the use of sophisticated weapons against a small town , against a sleeping people . This was a barbaric assault , " said Gorbachev , the last president of the former Soviet Union . But Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who also appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday , said he was "  profoundly shocked " that Mikhail Gorbachev would use a television appearance "  for basically vindicating lies and deceptions . " Last week , Georgia said it launched an operation into South Ossetia after a cease-fire was broken with artillery fire from Russian separatists that killed 10 people including civilians and peacekeepers . It accused Russia , which also has peacekeepers in the region , of backing the separatists . Hours later , the Russian news agency Interfax reported that Russian authorities said 10 Russian peacekeepers had been killed and 30 wounded in an attack by Georgians . "  Western television did n't show what happened in Tskhinvali , " Gorbachev said . "  Only now they 're beginning to show some pictures of the destruction . So this looks to me like it was a well-prepared project . And with any outcome , they wanted to put the blame on Russia . " Watch Gorbachev discuss "  barbaric assault " " He called Georgia 's claims that Russia is attempting to dismantle its democracy "  all lies from beginning to end . " In response , Saakashvili expressed disappointment with the sentiments from Gorbachev , who he said he once respected . "  This is the man , Mr. Gorbachev , who helped to , you know , bring down KGB kingdom . And he is the one who is , you know , justifying what the KGB people are doing right now in my country , " Saakashvili said . "  Shame on him . Shame on you , Mr. Gorbachev , for perpetuating the very regime you helped to defeat and you fought against as the head of the Soviet Union . " Gorbachev also said the United States is jeopardizing its fragile relationship with Russia by backing Georgia . Watch Gorbachev discuss U.S.-Russia relations " "  There is a chance for our two countries to develop a new agenda for cooperation so as to promote both U.S. and Russia interests , and the interests of other countries , and the interests of stability , particularly in the hotspots in different continents , " said Gorbachev , who won the Nobel Peace Price in 1990 .	NEW : Georgian president criticizes Gorbachev for "  vindicating lies and deceptions " Gorbachev says Russian called up forces in response to violence in Tskhinvali Georgia says Russia backed separatists who broke cease-fire and sparked violence The former president says U.S. is jeopardizing ties with Russia by backing Georgia
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South Africa 's ruling African National Congress said Wednesday the party would drop the lawsuit it filed over a portrait of President Jacob Zuma that shows his genitals . The announcement was made by ANC spokesman Jackson Mthembu at Johannesburg 's Goodman Gallery , where the controversial portrait was initially displayed . The work by artist Brett Murray was removed from public show after it was defaced by protesters last week amid a storm of protests and condemnation , the South African Broadcasting Corporation said . Called "  The Spear , " it is reminiscent of Soviet-era propaganda posters . Red on one half and black on the other , the painting portrays Zuma in a proud stance with his genitals prominently exposed . Zuma 's supporters in the ANC say the portrait is insulting and call it an attack on both the president and his party . Mthembu 's announcement that the party was dropping its legal action came a day after its supporters took part in a protest march to the gallery . Speaking alongside Goodman Gallery director Liza Essers , Mthembu expressed a wish for unity . A statement on the ANC website Wednesday said : "  The pain and the hurt of the past two weeks caused by the Spear portrait as expressed above is now fully appreciated by the Goodman Gallery and the Artist , Brett Murray . "  Both say , ` it was never the Goodman Gallery 's nor Brett Murray 's intention to hurt anyone or harm their dignity , the Gallery and Murray regrets the pain that the display of the painting has caused . ' " Lessons should be learned from the furor , the statement said , adding that the gallery , artist and all South Africans should commit themselves to working for "  a South Africa that is united in its diverse cultures " and respects all individuals ' rights . The Sunday newspaper City Press removed an image of the portrait from its website after the ANC threatened a boycott , but it complained Monday that the ANC still wants the paper to apologize for running it in the first place . The Democratic Alliance , the ANC 's official opposition , said The Spear "  was brilliant as a work of political satire , which is also why it became an instant icon . " Calls for the painting 's censorship , the party said , indicate a dangerous move away from the right to free speech . If he felt insulted , Zuma should have sued the artist rather than calling for the painting 's removal , the Democratic Alliance said . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Brett Murray 's painting , called "  The Spear , " was displayed at a Johannesburg gallery Portrait of President Jacob Zuma was removed from public show after protesters defaced it South Africa 's ruling ANC says the artwork offends the president 's dignity The controversy over the portrait has raised questions about freedom of speech
CNN  -- Top seed and world number one Rafael Nadal of Spain has been knocked out of the Australian Open by compatriot and "  friend " David Ferrer . Hampered by a thigh strain from the start of Wednesday 's quarterfinal , the nine-time grand slam champion was visibly suffering as he went down 6-4 6-2 6-3 at Melbourne 's Rod Laver Arena to his Davis Cup teammate . Ferrer 's triumph -- his fourth over Nadal from 15 encounters -- will now see the 28-year-old play in just his second grand slam semifinal , following his appearance in the last four of the U.S. Open in 2007 . The world number seven will face Britain 's Andy Murray for a place in the final of the opening grand slam of 2011 , after the world number five beat unseeded Ukrainian Alexandr Dolgopolov in the earlier match . Top 10 moments of the Australian Open first week The result also means the end to 24-year-old Nadal 's quest to become the first man since Australia 's Rod Laver in 1969 , to win four consecutive grand slam titles . Nadal was clearly affected by a thigh problem during the match but , despite receiving off-court treatment after just the third game , refused to blame the loss on his injury . The Mallorcan was instead full of praise for his opponent , who broke serve in the opening game on his way to taking the first set , when his spoke to reporters after the match . "  For respect to the winner and to a friend , I prefer to talk about the match , " Nadal said . "  It is obvious that I did n't feel at my best . I had a problem during the match , at the very beginning . I really could n't do more than what I did . He played at a very high level , and I was n't able to compete against him tonight . " Nadal showed flashes of his usual brilliance but any chance of a comeback in the second set was suppressed by Ferrer , who after a 10-minute break in proceedings for an Australia Day fireworks display , secured a double break of serve to lead the match by two sets to love . Ferrer then raced to a 3-0 lead in what was to be the third and final set , before wrapping up the ultimately one-sided contest in just over two and a half hours . "  I just congratulate him and wish him all the best for the semifinal . I think he 's doing a fantastic tournament , " Nadal added . "  If he keeps playing like this , he 's going to have a good chance . " But Ferrer , who is unbeaten so far this season having won the Australian Open warm-up tournament in Auckland , New Zealand , said he could not be complacent if he wants to beat the in-form Murray . "  I played very consistently all the three sets and I was focused just in my game . I want to enjoy this moment , " Ferrer told the official ATP Tour website . "  I will try to do my best , but I need to play very consistently , stay very focused all the match , because Andy 's a top player . " Clijsters faces Zvonareva rematch in Australian Open semifinals Murray dropped his first set of the tournament so far to world number 46 Dolgopolov , before eventually winning 7-5 6-3 6-7 6-3 . The 22-year-old Dolgopolov has been a revelation in Australia , defeating 2008 runner-up Jo Wilfred Tsonga and two-time French Open finalist Robin Soderling on the way to his first grand slam quarterfinal . "  I thought I dealt with his game well . It was just difficult to get into a rhythm . I did quite a lot of running , " Murray said . "  He won a lot of free points off his first serve . It was a tough match . I thought I dealt with it pretty well . " Murray is aiming to reach his second consecutive final in Melbourne after losing to Roger Federer in 2010 , and the third grand slam final of his career after also facing the Swiss in the 2008 U.S. Open final . But the 23-year-old , who is also trying to become the first Briton to win a major title since Fred Perry in 1936 , conceded that his quarterfinal opponent could prove a threat to him in future competitions . "  With his game style , he 's going to give a lot of guys problems . He might be a little bit inconsistent from time to time but when his game 's on , I 'm sure he 'll get deep into grand slams and the big tournaments just because of how tricky his game is , " the Scot added . In the other semifinal defending champion Roger Federer will play third seed Novak Djokovic , after both made it through their quarterfinal ties on Thursday . World number two Federer is aiming to claim his 17th grand slam title , while the 23-year-old Serb is gunning for his second after winning in Australia in 2008 .	Rafael Nadal loses in straight sets to David Ferrer in Australian Open quarters Ends world No. 1 's hopes of winning his fourth consecutive grand slam title Ferrer to play Andy Murray in semis after Scot beats Alexandr Dolgopolov Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic to contest other semi after wins on Tuesday
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored his 91st and final goal of 2012 on Saturday as Barcelona enjoyed a comfortable 3-1 win over Real Valladolid at the Estadio Jose Zorrilla . The Argentine forward 's 60th minute goal -- courtesy of his trusty left boot -- doubled the league leaders ' lead after Xavi had opened the scoring two minutes before halftime . The home side halved the deficit in the 89th minute when Javi Guerra scored before Cristian Tello added a third for Barcelona in injury time . The result leaves Barcelona nine points clear at the top of the table with 49 points from 17 games as La Liga heads into a Christmas break . The win followed an announcement by the Catalan club on Saturday that coach Tito Vilanova had been released from hospital following an operation to remove a tumor from a salivary gland . Read : Vilanova recovering after cancer op "  Given a quick post-surgery recovery Tito Vilanova has been allowed to leave hospital on Saturday afternoon . The Barca coach was operated on Thursday according to plan , " a statement from the club said . The 44-year-old will now undergo a course of radiotherapy and chemotherapy . Caretaker boss Jordi Roura , who watched Barcelona beat Valladolid , will continue in Vilanova 's absence . Real Madrid crashed to their fourth league defeat of the season at Malaga . The reigning champions went down 3-2 at the Estadio La Rosaleda with all five goals coming in the second half . Blog : Will Guardiola return to Barcelona ? Isco opened the scoring for the home side four minutes after the break before a Sergio Sanchez own goal made the scores level in the 66th minute . But two goals in three minutes from substitute Roque Santa Cruz consigned Madrid to defeat . The Paraguayan striker -- on loan from Manchester City -- tapped in his first in the 73rd minute after Joaquin had flicked on a Gamez cross before firing home again three minutes later . Karim Benzema gave traveling fans hope when he pulled one back eight minutes from the end but Madrid 's search for an equalizer went unrewarded . The win takes Malaga -- who have been banned from playing in UEFA club competitions next season after falling foul of the European governing body 's Financial Fair Play regulations -- to within two points of third-placed Madrid . Read : Malaga handed ban for financial irregularities Elsewhere in La Liga , struggling Mallorca came from behind to beat fifth-place Real Betis at the Estadio Benito Villamarin . Benat gave the home side the lead in the fifth minute before strikes from Victor on the half-hour mark and a 47th minute penalty from Javi Marquez sealed three points to lift Mallorca out of the relegation zone . Granada also lifted themselves free of relegation trouble with a 2-1 win at fellow strugglers Osasuna .	Lionel Messi ends 2012 in style with his 91st goal of the year as Barcelona beat Valladolid 3-1 Barcelona announce Tito Vilanova has been released from hospital following cancer surgery Real Madrid crash to a 3-2 defeat at Malaga ; Mallorca out of bottom three after 2-1 win at Real Betis
The irony of Dianne Feinstein 's center-stage moment this week was palpable . Just as she is leaving her coveted position as chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , handing the reins to the incoming Republican majority â $ " and as questions abound in her home state about whether she will retire -- she seemed to reach the pinnacle of her power , once again showing willingness to buck members of her party and wave off critics . Facing few political consequences in California where her Senate seat is firmly in her grasp , Feinstein , 81 , was defiant as she took the Senate floor Tuesday to announce the release of a 525-page summary of the Intelligence Committee 's report on the CIA 's treatment of detainees â $ " the product of five years of line-by-line scrutiny of some six million internal government documents . It was a scorching condemnation of the harsh interrogation techniques of the Bush era with the striking conclusion that those "  deeply flawed " tactics had failed to produce information that thwarted terrorist attacks or led to the apprehension of terrorist suspects . In fact , Feinstein said , torture often led to "  false information . " Even in a post-Sept . 11th era , the techniques revealed -- mock executions , waterboarding , detainees stripped and chained to a concrete floor , others deprived of sleep for up to 180 hours -- were chilling . Arrows flew at Feinstein from many directions . She was under pressure from Secretary of State John Kerry to delay the release of the report until the New Year , but did not buckle . The CIA scoffed at the report 's "  flawed analyses of the techniques " and refuted its central conclusion that their procedures had failed to prevent attacks . The FBI issued a warning that the report could spark a reaction from violent extremists . Republican critics like Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida took to Twitter deriding the document as "  a one-sided partisan Senate report that now places American lives in danger . " Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn argued that the report had vilified operatives at the CIA who should be hailed as heroes for attempting to protect the American public . Unapologetic But the one-time mayor of San Francisco , who has held her Senate seat for 22 years , was unapologetic . While it was true , she said , that the report was going out in a "  period of turmoil and instability " in many corners of the world : "  That 's going to continue for the foreseeable future whether this report is released or not . " She added that she hoped the release would show the world that "  America is big enough to admit when it 's wrong and confident enough to learn from its mistakes . " Feinstein also seemed to put a point on her own legacy : "  History will judge us by our commitment to a just society governed by law and the willingness to face an ugly truth and say : ` Never again . ' " Unlike some Senate Democrats who were voted out of office last month , Feinstein faced her critics this week without any concern of political consequences in her home state . "  Dianne Feinstein can serve in the United States Senate for as long as she wants , " said Dan Schnur , who heads the University of Southern California 's Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics . "  It 's hard to imagine her facing a credible challenge if she did decide to run for re-election , which puts her in the relatively rare position of not having to worry about public opinion on this . A senator facing a precarious re-election campaign might be a little more worried about taking on the country 's national security leadership . " Younger generation Still , there is intense speculation within California about whether Feinstein and Sen. Barbara Boxer , who are up for re-election in 2016 and 2018 , respectively , will step aside after their current terms . That would create a game of musical chairs for the younger generation of California Democrats like Attorney General Kamala Harris , Lieutenant Gov. Gavin Newsom , former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and his successor , Eric Garcetti . Many Californians would like to see that fight play out . In a recent USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times poll , 59 % percent of registered voters said California would be better off with new candidates as the state 's U.S. Senators . But that does not mean that Feinstein is in danger of being tossed from her seat . The Republican Party has been decimated in California -- with no viable challengers on the horizon -- and it is highly unlikely that the party 's younger generation would take her on . Unlike Boxer , 73 , who has hinted from time to time about the possibility of retirement , Feinstein has given no indication that she is thinking about leaving the Senate . Feinstein , known across California and Capitol Hill as "  DiFi , " has reached her enviable position as an unapologetic but sometimes unpredictable progressive with centrist tendencies . Her memorable introduction to the statewide stage in California was when she was ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1990 and delivered a speech to the Democratic state party convention embracing the death penalty . "  Yes , I support the death penalty . It is an issue that can not be fudged or hedged , " she told the crowd , which drowned her out with a loud chorus of boos . Seeking alliances When she and Boxer were elected to the Senate in "  the year of the woman " in 1992 , they took markedly different paths . Both championed women 's issues like abortion rights . But while Boxer became known as a shrill partisan , Feinstein earned a reputation as a hard worker who continually sought alliances with colleagues on the other side of the aisle . "  Feinstein has been known throughout her Senate career as conciliator , someone who can bring together warring parties to find common ground on difficult issues , " said Schnur . "  But there are certain issues on which she does n't compromise and she digs in and fights . " Those fights have sometimes surprised her supporters and made it difficult to slap her with the label of a California liberal . She has long championed the assault weapon ban , for example , but also supported the Iraq War and defended Bush administration surveillance practices that were anathema to liberals . She notably called Edward J. Snowden 's leaks of classified information about U.S. intelligence "  an act of treason . " And she infuriated liberals with her backing of the NSA 's broad-reaching and covert effort to collect data from the telephone calls of Americans . She felt compelled to do so out of a sense of obligation to "  keep this country safe , " she told the New York Times in a 2013 interview , "  So put that in your pipe and smoke it . " That long history of contradictions has given Feinstein more running room than other Democrats on issues like torture , said California Democratic Strategist Dan Newman , who recently helped manage Calif. . Gov. Jerry Brown 's re-election campaign . "  She 's viewed as thorough , thoughtful , and as close to non-partisan on the issue of national security as is possible in today 's politically polarized environment , " Newman said . "  If it was a different Democrat , it would be easier for some to be dismissive of the questions she 's raising , but she 's built significant credibility as a trusted voice on national security , so she has to be taken seriously . She 's raising two critical issues which will define our debate about torture in the coming months : does it make us safer , and is it something we accept as consistent with our nation 's moral code ? " As Senate Democrats transition to the minority , some have suggested that Feinstein is at the twilight of her career . Not so fast , her allies say . She 's content to let others play that political parlor game , while she remains mum about her plans . Bill Carrick , Feinstein 's longtime campaign consultant who began working with her in 1989 , noted that her policy agenda is still lengthy , topped with complex issues like California 's water woes . As for retirement ? "  She does n't spend any time thinking about that , " he said .	Torture report was a powerful moment for Feinstein While some in California clamor for new leaders , Feinstein mum on plans Over her long career , Feinstein has defied labels
CNN  After a handful events in two months , Hillary Clinton has filled her March with a mix of women 's events , nonprofit speeches and at least one paid appearance . In January and February , Clinton headlined three events -- only one of which was in the United States . But as Clinton moves closer to her expected 2016 presidential campaign announcement , the former secretary or state has at least seven events scheduled for the month of March . Most of Clinton 's events are focused on one thing : women . Clinton starts her month by headlining the 30th anniversary gala for Emily 's List -- a pro-Clinton organization that focused on helping Democratic women win elected office . At the D.C. speech on March 3 , Clinton is expected to give a nod to the group 's importance to Democrats and highlight the reason more women are needed in politics . Emily 's List has been energized by Clinton 's campaign and has pledged to raise and spend more money than any other election cycle because of the prospect of a Clinton White House . The following week , Clinton will headline two New York events tied to her 1995 speech to the U.N. Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing -- a speech Clinton regularly references in pitches to women . In that speech Clinton said , "  If there is one message that echoes forth from this conference , let it be that human rights are women 's rights and women 's rights are human rights once and for all . " On March 9 , Clinton teams up with Chelsea , her daughter , and Melinda Gates to release a report through the Clinton Foundation that looks at "  the gaps that still remain " in women 's participation in the economy and politics . The following day -- on March 10 -- Clinton will headline the United Nation 's Women Empowerment Principles annual gathering in New York . Clinton will use the speech to outline the findings in the Clinton Foundation report and "  reflect on progress made in implementing the agenda set in Beijing two decades ago , " the organizers said in a release about the event . On March 16 , Clinton will be inducted into the Irish America Hall of Fame at an event in New York . Clinton is not Irish -- her family is of English , Scottish , French , and Welsh descent -- but she is being honored because of "  her dedicated work on Irish Peace Process . " "  Hillary Rodham Clinton is one of the unsung heroes of the success of the Irish peace process , " said Irish America co-founder Niall O'Dowd . In 1998 , Clinton put together the Vital Voices Conference of women in Belfast , a body that pressed for a piece agreement . The former secretary of state cited her experiences in Ireland during a number of speeches in 2014 . O'Dowd is a longtime Clinton supporter , though , and was a member of her 2008 campaign finance team . Some Republicans have questioned how active Clinton was in the Northern Ireland peace process . The Washington Post Fact Checker wrote in 2008 that Clinton "  seems to be overstating her significance as a catalyst in the Northern Ireland peace process , which was more symbolic than substantive , " but that she did play "  a helpful role at the margins . " On March 19 , Clinton will headline her only confirmed paid speech of the month when she heads to Atlantic City for the American Camp Association , NY & NJ Conference . Susie Lupert , the group 's executive director , tells CNN , "  Yes , just like most nonprofits and conferences , she is being paid for her appearance . " But she would not confirm how much she is being paid . On average , Clinton makes between $ 200,000 and $ 300,000 per speech . Near the end of the month , on March 23 in Washington , D.C. , Clinton will be the keynote speaker at the award celebration for the Toner Prize for Excellence in Political Reporting from Syracuse University . Robin Toner , who graduated from Syracuse , was the first woman national political correspondent for the New York Times . Syracuse Dean Lorraine Branham said Clinton is a "  vivid example -- like Robin -- of a pioneering woman at the top of her profession . " Clinton headlining an event honoring political journalists is somewhat unique because for decades she has held a dim view of the profession . In a 1996 , according to the diary of the late Clinton confidant Diane Blair , Clinton said the media are "  complete hypocrites . " At an event in 2014 , Clinton said "  journalism has changed quite a bit in a way that is not good for the country and not good for journalism . " "  A lot of serious news reporting has become more entertainment driven and more opinion-driven as opposed to factual , " she said . "  People book onto the shows , political figures , commentators who will be controversial who will be provocative because it 's a good show . You might not learn anything but you might be entertained and I think that 's just become an unfortunate pattern that I wish could be broken . " Clinton 's presidential campaign has become a forgone conclusion and Democrats close to Clinton expect she will announce some official move towards the presidency in April .	Clinton currently has seven events in March , with one paid speech and many focused on women This comes after Clinton gave only three speeches in January and February Clinton is expected to announce some official move towards the presidency in April , according to Democrats close to her
Editor 's note : James L. Walker , Jr. , author of the book , "  This Business of Urban Music , " is a sports and entertainment lawyer whose firm , Walker & Associates , is based in Stamford , Connecticut . James L. Walker Jr. says the evidence shows Michael Jackson was addicted to drugs . CNN  -- Michael Jackson died of an overdose , according to the preliminary finding of the Los Angeles coroner described in court documents . The King of Pop apparently was given a variety of drugs that included the powerful sedative propofol , according to authorities . The news came as a shock to some . But the reality it pointed to was this : Michael Jackson was an addict . A drug addict is a person who has become physiologically or psychologically dependent on a habit-forming substance or drug . I operate a halfway house and we deal with this struggle regularly with our men , who have become addicts , and they continually tell me how hard it is to overcome . They also tell me that people are vulnerable to addiction whether white or black , rich or poor : Drugs do n't discriminate . I am also an entertainment lawyer who understands the pressures of working in the music industry and the experience of insomnia that Jackson apparently complained about over the years . And , of course , like millions of others , I am a huge Jackson fan and I own all the records and CDs and had THE jacket  from the "  Beat It " video  . And , I can sympathize with his sad life , legal problems , personal struggles , family issues and financial meltdown . But , while I sing his songs regularly and imitate his dance moves , when the laughter and joy stops , it hurts me to admit the reality : Michael Jackson was a drug addict who did n't need to be the center of another musical tour , but needed to be the star patient at a treatment center . For years , we have heard reports of Michael Jackson being addicted to painkillers and other things . However , in our society , we tend to overlook that when it 's a big name celebrity or someone we love in our circle of family and friends . Celebrities drop in and out of rehabilitation centers and drug abuse facilities nationwide . And , their lives go on and it 's merely a passing footnote on the TV ticker running across the bottom of the screen . With Jackson 's tragic death at the young age of 50 , hopefully some folks will wake up . The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports that in the year prior to being surveyed in 2006 , 560,000 Americans age 12 and older abused heroin at least once ; more than 16 million Americans took prescription pain reliever , tranquilizer , stimulant , or sedative for nonmedical purposes ; 6 million abused cocaine in any form ; and 1.5 million abused crack . In the case of Jackson , there is a lot of finger pointing at Dr. Conrad Murray and several other doctors , who may or may not be charged . But , while we mourn the Motown legend and the tragedy of his life and death , it is important to note that this sad story sheds light on a much bigger problem in America : drug abuse . Author Deepak Chopra , a friend of Jackson , has been telling us for weeks now on national TV outlets that Jackson had a drug problem . "  Dr. Murray is the one who is going to be blamed because he injected the drug , but from what I 've learned he did not prescribe the drug , " Chopra told CNN in reminding investigators to look deeper and further than Dr. Murray . Like Chopra , I hope investigators will go deeper , but I hope we will go deeper as a society . Jackson sold hundreds of millions of records , including the top selling album of all time , "  Thriller . " With his death , we can reach and teach billions of the dangers of drug use . Unfortunately , he joins a long list of major artists who have seen superstar careers end by the mortal reality that drug addiction can kill you . It hurts us to talk about Jackson 's drug addiction or drug problems , as it hurts us to look at a near-century of great artists struggling with drug issues and in some cases dying at the hands of drugs -- from jazz legend Billie Holiday 's drug problem to Marilyn Monroe 's overdose to singer Dorothy Dandridge 's death from anti-depressants . Elvis Presley 's death brought to public light his prescription drug addiction . And , we saw in recent years Kurt Cobain 's heroin-induced suicide death , and the 2004 death of Rick James , who wrote "  Superfreak , " from a drug-related heart attack . Too often these stories do n't prompt substantial national outrage and we fail to break the stereotypical picture of what we think of when we hear the words "  drug addict . " Police and prosecutors are still mum on whether Jackson 's death will result in criminal charges . It is not clear who is at fault . But no one is disputing that Jackson asked for these drugs repeatedly over the years , like most drug addicts , and had a sickness that afflicts millions of other Americans . So , let the legal system play out , but let 's stop avoiding what hurts the most , so we can save millions of other drug addicts from this horrible nightmare and other families from the pain the Jackson family will now live with forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James L. Walker , Jr. .	James Walker : Coroner 's preliminary finding shows Jackson died of an overdose He says he 's one of Jackson 's many millions of fans He says it 's painful to admit Jackson was addicted to drugs Walker : Let 's stop avoiding the reality of drug addiction in our society
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration warned consumers on Thursday that popular pain reliever acetaminophen may cause serious skin reactions in some people . The FDA will now require a warning about the skin conditions to be added to the labels of prescription drug containing acetaminophen and will ask manufacturers of acetaminophen products to add warnings to their over-the-counter medications . Acetaminophen is found in numerous prescription and over-the-counter products designed to treat pain and reduce fever . According to the FDA , the skin reactions , known as Stevens-Johnson Syndrome , toxic epidermal necroylis and acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis are rare but can be deadly . These conditions can cause blisters , serious rashes , reddening of the skin and the detachment of the upper surface of the skin known as the epidermis . The reactions can appear at any time people take the product , even if they only take it once . Other drugs designed to treat fever and pain , such as ibuprofen and naproxen , also carry the risk of these skin reactions , but they already carry a warning on their labels . The FDA stresses that anyone who develops these types of conditions after using acetaminophen should stop taking the product immediately and visit a doctor or emergency room . If people have already experienced these skin problems while occasionally taking acetaminophen , they should not take the drug again and should inform their doctor about the reaction , the FDA said . The FDA decided to announce the warning after evaluating serious skin reactions associated with acetaminophen . From 1969 to 2012 , it identified 91 cases of SJS/TEN and 16 cases of AGEP , which resulted in 67 hospitalizations and 12 deaths . The agency said it is difficult to determine how frequently serious skin reactions occur with the ingredient because the drug has been used by so many people for such a long time and at different doses . However , it estimates that these skin outbreaks are rare .	Acetaminophen may cause severe skin reactions in some people , FDA says The conditions can cause blisters , rashes , reddening and the detachment of the epidermis The agency will require a warning about the conditions on prescription drugs
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Human rights groups from the United States and Spain filed a lawsuit in a Spanish court Thursday , charging El Salvador 's former president , Alfredo Cristiani , with covering up crimes against humanity . Alfredo Cristiani in 1994 shortly after he voted during the country 's second round presidential runoff . The case involves the killing of six Jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her teenaged daughter nearly two decades ago during El Salvador 's civil war . In addition , 14 former Salvadoran military officers are accused of war crimes , murders and state terrorism in connection with the massacre dating back to November 1989 . Most of the slain Jesuits were born in Spain . They were killed at their residence at the prestigious Central American University , in El Salvador 's capital , San Salvador . Reports at the time said they were tortured and then shot . It has become one of the most notorious episodes of El Salvador 's 12-year civil war that pitted leftist guerrillas against the U.S.-backed conservative government . Some 75,000 people died . The case filed by two human rights groups in Madrid argues that justice was never done in El Salvador . Two military officers were convicted of murder in 1991 in the deaths of the Jesuits , but were pardoned in 1993 under an amnesty law approved by the national assembly . The case was taken to Spain 's National Court , because of its involvement in other high-profile human rights cases . The same Spanish court issued an arrest warrant for former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998 , while he was in a London hospital . For the rest of his life he fought legal battles -- first in England and later in Chile -- to avoid convictions . The Spanish court has also taken on human rights cases from other countries , including Argentina and Guatemala , testing a relatively new international legal principle known as Universal Jurisdiction . It contends that if justice for human rights abuses is not served in the country where the crime occurred , then a court in another country can intervene . The groups filing suits are the San Francisco-based Center for Justice and Accountability and the Spanish Association for Human Rights . Family members from at least two of the slain Jesuits will join the lawsuit later , the groups said . It could take the National Court weeks or even months to determine if it will accept the case . Spain and El Salvador have an extradition treaty . But a lawyer for the Center for Justice and Accountability told CNN that the most immediate practical effect of the case might be an effective ban on Cristiani and the 14 former officers from leaving El Salvador , for fear of arrest . If they were ever tried before a Spanish court and convicted on the charges , they could serve up to 30 years in prison . In an interview with CNN a few months before he was killed , university rector Ignacio Ellecuria praised then-president Cristiani , whom the human rights groups now accuse of covering up the crime . "  We have to recognize that Cristiani is a man of his word , who keeps his promises , " Ellecuria told CNN . "  Personally I consider Cristiani an ethical , responsible person who will not offer to do what he ca n't or does n't wish to do . " Ignacio Martin-Baro , another slain Jesuit , spoke at the time about the chilling effect of the long-running Salvadoran civil war . "  We have become used to violence , " Martin-Baro said . "  We have become used to living in a very dangerous world . We have learned to live , accepting death , extraordinary abnormal death into our lives . " For years , the extreme right in El Salvador had accused the Jesuits of siding with the leftist guerrillas , according to a CNN report shortly after the killings . Uniformed troops were seen searching the living quarters of the priests at Central American University two days before they were killed , CNN reported .	Case involves killing of 6 Jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her daughter 14 former Salvadoran military officers also accused of war crimes Most of the slain Jesuits were born in Spain One of the most notorious episodes of El Salvador 's 12-year civil war
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka suffered a blow in the preparations to her Australian Open title defense on Friday , pulling out of a much-anticipated rematch with Serena Williams due to a toe problem . The Belorussian was due to play her U.S. Open final conqueror in the semis of the Brisbane International , her first top-level warmup event for the season 's opening grand slam -- which starts on January 14 . World No. 2 Maria Sharapova is also battling to be fit for Melbourne , having withdrawn before the beginning of the Brisbane tournament due to a collarbone problem . "  It 's a right toe infection -- it 's been there for about 10 days and it 's been getting worse , " Azarenka told reporters . "  I had to take action on it , which I did yesterday -- it was a minor surgery , I had to take something out of my toe . And unfortunately I did n't have enough time to recover to be able to play the semifinals today . " The 23-year-old won her first grand slam title in Melbourne last January before going on to top the rankings and become the WTA Tour 's leading prize money winner for 2012 . "  I had to make sure I could be fully recovered and ready for the Australian Open . It 's a compromise I kind of had to take , " she said . "  The doctor had told me I would n't be able to play for three , four days , but today I saw him in the morning and he said it was actually much better than he thought -- he expected a much worse outcome . So maybe two days and I can start slowly . " Williams , who last month also had toe surgery , will play Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in Saturday 's final . "  I had that toe problem just a couple of weeks ago and it 's painful -- God , it 's so painful . Does n't sound painful , but it is . You ca n't walk with that . I hope she gets better fast , " the American said . "  I 'm definitely doing enough to prepare and be ready . I feel like even though I did n't play a match tonight I played some really good matches here . " Pavlyuchenkova ended the dream run of Lesia Tsurenko , a 116th-ranked Ukrainian who only made it into the main draw as a lucky loser from the qualifiers . "  What can I say about Serena ? There 's so much to say -- she 's just a great champion , " the world No. 36 said of the Olympic and Wimbledon titleholder . Williams is seeking her 47th career title , already holding the record among active players -- her older sister Venus is second with 44 . "  There 's some chance , but with her power and the way she can serve , it will be difficult , " Pavlyuchenkova said . Meanwhile , defending champion Andy Murray moved into the semifinals of the Brisbane men 's event with a 6-4 7-6  7-3  win over Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin on Friday . The world No. 3 will next play Japan 's Kei Nishikori , who he beat in last year 's Australian Open quarterfinals . Fifth seed Nishikori earned a semi spot by beating Alexandr Dolgopolov , the 2012 Brisbane runnerup . The other semifinal will be between 2006 Australian Open finalist Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus and 21-year-old Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov , who upset Austrian seventh seed Jurgen Melzer . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will play in Saturday 's final of the Hopman Cup teams event after he and Serbian playing partner Ana Ivanovic whitewashed Germany 3-0 in Perth on Friday . Djokovic thrashed veteran Tommy Haas 6-2 6-0 then former women 's No. 1 Ivanovic -- whose injury in 2011 meant the pairing could not play in that year 's final -- defeated Tatjana Malek 6-0 6-1 in just over half an hour . They also won the mixed doubles to complete a third successive victory in Group A and set up a clash with Spain 's Fernando Verdasco and Anabel Medina Garrigues , who won all three of their Group B matches .	Victoria Azarenka battling to be fit for Australian Open after having minor surgery on toe World No. 1 pulls out of Friday 's semifinal against Serena Williams at Brisbane warmup event U.S. Open champion Williams will play Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in final Andy Murary into semis of men 's event , while Novak Djokovic will play in final of Hopman Cup
CNN  -- Fabiola Leocal 's story ought to be uncommon , but in post-earthquake Haiti , it 's not . All she has left of her previous life are a stack of photographs and a few other things scavenged off the rubble of the building she called a home . When the catastrophe struck , as the Haitians say , her house tumbled , along with many others that dotted the hillside in the Port-au-Prince neighborhood of Canape Vert . Her husband of nine years , Rene , was crushed under concrete . She lived in a camp for a while but returned to where she belonged . Now she has a tin shack and memories -- photographs carefully tucked away in loose , laminated photo album pages of herself and Rene . He , in a suit . She , in a much finer dress than the black sleeveless top and printed skirt she has on now . Some people tell her she should get rid of the pictures . What good are they now ? They bring the kind of sadness that seems almost pointless to dwell on . Life has to go on for Leocal . She has to survive , if not for herself , then for her 15-year-old daughter . Sadly , Haitians have grown used to seeing earthquake rubble and the makeshift camps that sprang up after that fateful day in January 2010 . The United Nations , Haitian officials and private aid agencies have said that Haiti has made strides in the two years since the quake . But few deny that recovery has been painfully slow . All you have to do is look at Leocal . And she might be considered one of the lucky ones . She has a "  home , " however modest . The United Nations estimated the 7.0-magnitude earthquake affected nearly 3 million people and killed about 220,000 . More than 1.5 million people were left homeless in a country that was already the poorest in the Western hemisphere and wracked by crisis . Consider that 70 % of Haitians did not have stable jobs before the quake and there were only 5.9 doctors per 10,000 residents . Two years later , almost as many Haitians are still unemployed . Debris still clutters the capital and other places . About half the rubble , the equivalent of five football stadiums full , has been removed , according to the United Nations . Impact Your World : How to help About half a million people are still homeless . Many still live in tents in the shadows of the collapsed presidential palace , perhaps the most visible symbol of Haiti 's misery . "  You ca n't stay on the streets , " Leocal said . "  If that 's what you have , you have to rebuild . " She is not alone in her frustration . Thousands of Haitians marched Wednesday through Port-au-Prince to the Parliament building to demand a reform of land laws so they can be freed to build homes , said Marjorie Bertrand Dumornay , coordinator of the grass-roots campaign funded by ActionAid Haiti . "  The rebuilding process is mostly led by the foreigners , " she said . "  There is no national plan . The Haitian state does not have the will . " Michel Martelly , the former pop star who was elected president last year partly because he presented a fresh face in Haitian politics , campaigned on a pledge to fix Haiti . But it took him months to even form a government and he recently said that motivating people to move in the nation 's "  culture of immobilism " has been a challenge . CNN Photos : Haiti 's children , two years later Standing recently on a site where he said more than 600 families had been living in tents until just days ago , Martelly said the government was able to relocate them in housing . The project , he said , cost $ 9 million because damaged homes had to be either repaired or reconstructed . He acknowledged that many thousands are still waiting . "  But it 's about sending the signal , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  It 's not about having the magic stick and making the problem disappear in one day . If you plant a tree today , in order to enjoy the shadow , you have to wait five years . So changing Haiti is going to take time and healing the wounds is going to take time . " Perhaps that signal can be seen at the tent city that sprang up on the slopes around the tony Petionville Golf Club . Ben Krause , director of Sean Penn 's aid agency J/P HRO , said the number of people living there has dwindled from a high of 60,000 to 20,000 . The focus , he said , has shifted from emergency care for the people in the camp to relocating them . The agency has been helping uncover a buried neighborhood nearby . "  What we 've done in the past year is we 've transitioned all our services from the camp into the neighborhood , " he said . "  So for right now all of our medical clinics , they 're operating in the neighborhood . They 're close enough to camp that the people in the camp can access them , but really they 're community clinics at this point . " Trapped in Haiti : A return to site of catastrophe It 's not just about providing services but also how to make the best use of money . Dumornay said Haitians are demanding transparency in a land enveloped by corruption . Again , Martelly acknowledged it will be "  very difficult . " "  I believe the real devil in Haiti can only stop when we change our mentality , our way of doing things , " he said . After the earthquake , Haiti became a darling of the international community . Nations pledged money and policymakers vowed that out of tragedy would come a new beginning . But two years on , Haitians are asking : Where did all that money go ? A key issue has been the disbursal of the foreign aid that was pledged for reconstruction . The United Nations said this week that almost 53 % of the $ 4.5 billion the international community pledged for reconstruction in 2010 and 2011 had been disbursed . However , the Center for Economic and Policy Research said its analysis showed that only 10 % of the funds disbursed by the Haiti Reconstruction Fund , which the center said received nearly 20 % of all donor pledges , have been spent on the ground . According to the Washington-based research organization , the "  Interim Haiti Recovery Commission has approved over $ 3 billion in projects , yet most have not even begun . And only 2.4 % of U.S. government contracts went directly to Haitian firms , while USAID relied on Washington area contractors for more than 90 % of their contracts . " Buried alive together , survivors reunite for first time Oxfam International , one of many international charities working in Haiti , said progress is at a "  snail 's pace . " "  With a new government in place and billions of aid dollars pledged , Haitians are left asking why there has not been more progress in rebuilding the country , " said Oxfam 's country director in Haiti , Cecilia Millan . "  The second anniversary of the devastating earthquake must be a call to action , " she said . "  Despite the apparent slowness of reconstruction , this remains an opportunity for HaitiÂ ´ s political and economic elite to address the chronic poverty and inequality that has plagued the country since independence . " Leocal got tired of waiting for aid agencies to help her . It 's difficult , she said , to live like this . Without hard walls . Without much of anything . But she thought she might as well return to the slopes of Canape Vert , dotted with crumbled structures and vacant spots . At least it was home . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Charlie Moore , Neil Hallsworth and Edvige Jean-Francois contributed to this report .	Fabiola Leocal lost her home and husband in the 2010 earthquake She is now living in the remnants of her home But about half a million Haitians are still in camps The country 's new president acknowledges recovery will take time
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 16 people were killed and dozens were injured in attacks across Iraq Monday amid an apparent uptick in sectarian tensions . Most of the attacks targeted Shiites , including bomb blasts that injured pilgrims traveling to shrines just days before a religious celebration . Four Shia pilgrims were killed and six were injured when a car bomb exploded in Baghdad 's Karrada district , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . Read more : One year later , Iraq war 's legacy remains unclear And four Shia pilgrims were injured when three car bombs exploded simultaneously in the town of Balad Rouz , said Muthana Altimimi , head of the security and defense committee in Diyala province . Thursday will mark 40 days after Ashura , which commemorates the death of the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson . Shiite pilgrims often mark the occasion by traveling to shrines . Violence also erupted outside Baghdad . Seven people were killed and four were injured after their houses were bombed in the city of Mussyab , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  south of the Iraqi capital , the Interior Ministry said . It was unclear who was responsible for the blast or why the houses were targeted . Monday 's attacks come amid rising sectarian tensions , as tens of thousands of Sunni demonstrators nationwide protest what they say is second-class treatment by Iraq 's Shiite-led government . Sunnis largely boycotted Iraq 's 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected , which contributed to years of bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare . Read more : Clashes erupt at Iraqi protest as sectarian tensions flare The arrest of a group of bodyguards for Iraq 's Sunni finance minister fueled a surge in protests last week in Ramadi , about 110 kilometers  70 miles  west of Baghdad , and in several other Iraqi cities . At least five people were injured Sunday when bodyguards for a top Iraqi official opened fire on stone-throwing Sunni demonstrators , the country 's Interior Ministry said . The clashes broke out after Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq , who is Sunni , arrived to address crowds protesting in a plaza in Ramadi . In the wake of the protests , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has defended his government . "  Nobody in Iraq has privilege over others , " he said Friday , calling for increased dialogue . "  When we want to express an opinion , we have to do it in a civilized , humane and patriotic manner , " he said . "  It is not expected to express your opinion by cutting off roads , steering strife and sectarianism , fighting , bragging about wars and dividing Iraq . " CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report from Atlanta .	Attacks across Iraq target Shiites just days before a religious celebration The victims include Shia pilgrims traveling to shrines Outside Baghdad , seven people are killed when houses are bombed
CNN  -- Rescue crews continued their frantic search Sunday at a Himalayan military outpost near the Indian border where a massive avalanche buried up to 139 people , most of them Pakistani soldiers . A blanket of rock and snow covering one square kilometer -- about the size of a large city block -- slid over the base on the Siachen glacier early Saturday morning , entombing it under 70 feet of snow . The Siachen Glacier , known as the world 's highest battleground , is 6,300 meters  20,670 feet  high and spans 77 kilometers  47 miles  across the Line of Control that separates India - and Pakistan-controlled Kashmir . A press release Sunday from the Pakistani military indicated that 139 people were believed trapped in the avalanche -- a figure that is slightly higher than previously reported . None of the searches thus far has led to the discovery of any survivors , and poor weather has hampered such efforts . "  It 's a very massive scale slide , " Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said Saturday . "  They are under the slide , but we have n't lost hope . The rescue work is on , and we are keeping our fingers crossed . " Crews flew in heavy machinery from neighboring Rawalpindi . Sniffer dogs and troops using bulldozers worked the ground . Abbas said the military had not been able to establish contact with anyone inside the base since the avalanche . Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani visited Siachen on Sunday , noting Pakistan 's military is mobilizing all possible resources for the search effort . He said the army "  has always risen to the occasion and will come through this challenge as well . " It was the first such disaster at the mountain headquarters in its two decades of existence , the military said . India , too , maintains a base on its side of the glacier in the disputed Kashmir region . Kashmir has been a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan since their independence in 1947 . Under terms that the two countries agreed to at the time , Kashmir 's rulers could either opt to merge with India or Pakistan or remain independent . One part sided with Pakistan . The ruler of the other part sided with India , where most people are Hindu . That caused controversy among the region 's Muslim majority . Many of them wanted to align with Pakistan , where Islam is the dominant religion . Since then , the Kashmir issue has been the leading cause of conflict and two of three wars between the two countries . The Line of Control was formally established in 1972 . But there have been routine accusations that both sides fire across the line -- accusations both have denied . In 1984 , India occupied key portions of the glacier . Three years later , the two sides fought bitterly over Siachen . Both maintain year-round military camps on their sides of the disputed mountainous region . In February , two avalanches swept over military camps in the Indian-controlled side of Kashmir , killing at least 11 soldiers . The avalanches hit two army camps in the health resort of Sonamarg and at Dawar , a town close to the Line of Control . In January , another avalanche hit a joint patrol of the Indian army and border security forces in the Keran area , killing seven . Winter in Kashmir this season is harsher than previous years , with several snowfalls and sharp dips in temperatures . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad contributed to this report .	NEW : 139 soldiers and civilians are believed to be trapped after an avalanche NEW : A top Pakistani general vows to use all possible resources in the search An avalanche the size of a large city block dumped up to 70 feet of snow The glacier has been a point of conflict between India and Pakistan
CNN  -- China 's status a business superpower is transferring to the sporting world -- and its golfing ambitions took another step towards the big leagues on Sunday . Organizers of the HSBC Champions tournament announced that it has been upgraded to a full U.S. PGA Tour event , and will become part of the schedule for the prestigious end-of-season FedEx Cup playoffs . The tournament , which is already one of the four World Golf Championship events played each year , will boost its prize fund from $ 7 million this year to $ 8.5 million . Next year it will return to the Sheshan International Golf Club in Shanghai , where it was held for from 2005-2011 before going to Mission Hills in Shenzen for this week 's staging -- which was won by Englishman Ian Poulter on Sunday . "  This is not so much a renewal as a rebirth -- it 's a new dawn for HSBC Champions and for Asian golf which is now right at the top table of world golf , " said Giles Morgan , head of sponsorship for the British multinational bank . "  When we first came to China in 2005 , our ambition was to create a world-class international golf tournament in an emerging market . Eight years on and the HSBC Champions , complete with full FedExCup points and an increased prize fund , is up there with the very best , and today 's announcement represents a major step forward for golf in China . "  Our involvement in golf at this elite level is underpinned by our continuing sponsorship of youth development and grassroots programs , including the HSBC China Junior Open . " Chinese soccer clubs have recently been investing large amounts in foreign players and coaches , but golf has been steadily developing in the country for the past decade -- especially with the sport returning to the Olympics in 2016 . "  We hope the event will continue to play an important role to help grow the game of golf and improve the competition level of China , " said General Zhang Xiaoning , executive vice-president and secretary of the country 's golf association . China 's development is already showing , with 14-year-old Guan Tian-Lang poised to make more history next year when he becomes the youngest player to start at the prestigious Masters Tournament in April . He qualified by winning the Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship on Sunday , having already been the youngest player to line up at a European Tour event at this year 's China Open . The HSBC Champions tournament had previously been co-sanctioned by the Asian and European Tours , and has been won by top golfers such as Phil Mickelson , Y.E. Yang , Martin Kaymer and Sergio Garcia . Poulter became the first Englishman to win two WGC events as he followed up his 2010 success at the Accenture Match Play by coming from behind to snatch the title on Sunday . The world No. 26 , a hero of the European team 's Ryder Cup victory in September , went into the final round four shots off the lead but fired a superb seven-under-par 65 to win by two and claim the $ 1.2 million first prize . "  I 've already spent the check last week . I 'm not going to tell you what it is until it arrives and I 've got it home safe and sound , but yes , it was a vehicle , and yes , it was very expensive , " he told reporters , having also finished fourth at the lucrative BMW Masters in Shanghai last weekend . "  I definitely think it is a part continuation of The Ryder Cup . I played great and I felt like I holed putts at the right time , which I did . " It was Poulter 's 12th European Tour win and lifted him up to fourth in the Race To Dubai standings ahead of next week 's Singapore Open -- where world No. 1 Rory McIlroy will return to action . The PGA Championship winner took the risk of skipping the HSBC Champions in order to rest , but remains on course to add the European Tour money list crown to his PGA Tour title after closest challenger Peter Hanson could finish only 24th equal with third-placed Justin Rose on Sunday . The Northern Irishman has a lead of more than â ‚ ¬ 800,000  $ 1 million  with three tournaments to play before the $ 8 million finale in Dubai at the end of this month . Poulter 's second successive 65 left him clear of U.S. Ryder Cup rival Jason Dufner , who also surged up the leaderboard with a 64 , Mickelson  68  , South Africa 's British Open champion veteran Ernie Els  67  and another American , Scott Piercy  65  . Lee Westwood and Louis Oosthuizen had held a three-shot lead after Saturday 's third round , but ended up tied for sixth on 18 under -- three behind Poulter -- after slumping to 72s . Former world No. 1 Westwood again fell short on the big stage -- he has never won a major , and this was his 41st attempt to win a WGC title . Oosthuizen won his first major at the 2010 British Open , and like that tournament the South African held a five-shot lead at the halfway stage here , but the world No. 11 was unable to add to his two titles this year . First-round leader Adam Scott of Australia tied for ninth with defending champion Kaymer of Germany .	Chinese golf tournament to become major part of U.S. PGA Tour next season HSBC Champions has been upgraded to an $ 8.5 million FedEx Cup playoff event It is already one of the four World Golf Championships played every year Ian Poulter wins the 2012 edition to become first Englishman with two WGC titlles
CNN  -- Police in three European countries were looking Sunday for 6-year-old twin girls abducted by their father , who was found dead last week . Interpol issued an international Yellow Notice missing persons alert Saturday for Alessia and Livia Schepp . Such notices are distributed to police in Interpol 's 188 member countries to help find missing people , especially children . The Schepp sisters were reported missing January 30 after their father , Matthias , took them from their home in St. Sulpice , near Lausanne in western Switzerland , Interpol said . He took the girls following personal problems at home , according to the state police in Vaud , which covers the area of St. Sulpice . State police said Schepp drove through Marseilles , France , on Tuesday . Two days later , police in Bari , Italy , found the father 's body , but there was no sign of the girls . A spokesman for the Vaud state police said the investigation is focused on Switzerland , France and Italy . Both girls are blonde and about 3 feet , 9 inches tall , Interpol said . When they were taken , Livia was wearing a green T-shirt , jeans , a violet ski jacket , and Adidas sneakers . Alessia was wearing a T-shirt with red and white stripes , jeans , a brown jacket , and black shoes . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report	Alessia and Livia Schepp were abducted by their father a week ago He was found dead in Italy on Thursday Interpol has issued an international missing persons alert
The suspect in the deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum was extradited from France to Belgium , a French court official said Tuesday . He is Mehdi Nemmouche , arrested in France for the May 24 attack . Nemmouche recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , French officials said . When French police arrested Nemmouche on May 30 , they also seized a Kalashnikov rifle wrapped in a flag bearing the ISIS insignia , according to prosecutors . A Belgian Federal Police spokeswoman , Tine Hollevoet , confirmed that the 29-year-old Frenchman had been extradited to Belgium on Tuesday morning but could not give further information for security reasons . Four people were killed in the daytime attack in central Brussels . Two of the victims were an Israeli couple in their 50s from Tel Aviv , Israel 's Foreign Ministry said . The third victim was a French woman and the fourth was a young man . Images from the museum showed the gunman behind the deadly attack approaching the building , opening fire , and walking away .	He is suspected in the May 24 shooting in which four people were killed Prosecutors say he recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist The 29-year-old has been extradited to Belgium from France
CNN  -- Pakistan 's election campaign was heavily infused with the rhetoric of change . Voter turnout was the highest since the 1970s . A large number of new youth voters also entered the fray . Yet the evolution of democratic culture in Pakistan produced a rather conventional outcome -- victory for a two-time former prime minister known for corruption and the military coup that ousted him in 1999 . Nawaz Sharif and his party , the Pakistan Muslim League -- Nawaz  PML-N  will still be on the hook to produce change for over 180 million Pakistanis -- and there is a lot to change . The good thing is that there is not a lot of confusion over what Pakistan 's problems are . Sharif 's wide margin of victory also affords him a broad mandate to make bold policy decisions without the same political instability that plagued the outgoing Pakistan People 's Party government . Will he take advantage of this opportunity ? Yes and no . Sharif has rightly prioritized the economic situation , but he will still have to pick and choose his battles on reform . The economic challenges demand both short-term fixes and long-term reforms . Most governments in Pakistan have opted for short-term fixes because the path to reform simply takes too long or lacks political support . Sharif might have support in the National Assembly for some of the more difficult reforms , such as taxation and cutting energy subsidies , but the backing of special interest groups , trade unions and provincial governments among others will not always be guaranteed . Real reform will require the buy-in of these stakeholders too . Sharif could be the man to do it . He is a free-market oriented businessman who in his previous tenures as prime minister focused on privatization , infrastructure development and deregulation . But his views alone wo n't carry the country towards the free market . Sharif will also need to strengthen his party 's links to economic and political stakeholders outside of Punjab , where the PML-N has a smaller presence than the other regional parties . A prime example of where Sharif 's outreach will be needed is in Karachi . The megacity contributes to over 20 % of the country 's GDP and is also home to a multi-billion dollar informal economy . These economic gains have been threatened by unprecedented violence between the Muttahida Quami Movement  MQM  , the Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  , and the Awami National Party  ANP  -- all of whom are looking to benefit from the financial spoils . Karachi 's economic environment has no doubt learned to adjust to the fluctuating security situation , but the national government can not afford to let it get worse . Fixing Karachi will require Sharif to garner the support of MQM , PPP , and ANP -- none of whom at this point look poised to join his government . Security is the other area where Sharif faces high expectations , but will be forced to be flexible and accommodating to competing interests . More than ever before , the Pakistani public , politicians and the military agree on the existential threat posed by the Pakistani Taliban . The military 's on again-off again campaign against these militants in the country 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas has failed to end violent attacks on ordinary citizens and government targets . The spike in attacks during the election campaign is evidence enough of that . Sharif will have to find his public voice on militancy , an issue he has been resoundingly silent on . This is n't surprising considering his own Punjab province is a hotbed of militant activity in the south . Part of the problem is that the PML-N-led government in Punjab has not taken aggressive legal or police action against militant groups like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , Lashkar-e-Taiba , and Sipah-e-Sahaba , some of whom in recent months have been implicated for their involvement in major attacks outside of Punjab . The lack of action against these groups seems to have protected the PML-N against attacks during the campaign . There have also been fewer attacks within Punjab . Sharif can not pursue this informal arrangement at a national level . He will also have to get behind the military 's campaign against the Pakistani Taliban but has to be cautious in how forward he leans . Sharif could continue to protect Punjab at the expense of the country , or he could be bold and help the military wipe out the Pakistani Taliban -- either way , he still loses a little . Pakistanis deserve enormous credit for showing up in large numbers to vote in the face of such violence . Sharif and the PML-N should be congratulated on winning big , especially with so much hype in Punjab over Imran Khan , the famed politician and cricket star . But the high voter turnout and election victory just put Sharif back on the map . Based on the options he faces , there are plenty of reasons to be less sanguine on the prospects for quick and easy policy-making . It is now up to Sharif to figure out how to navigate the long road ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shamila N. Chaudhary .	Pakistan elects two-time former prime minister known for corruption and military coup Big expectations for Nawaz Sharif and his party , Pakistan Muslim League -- Nawaz Sharif must tackle economic challenges as well as security issues from Taliban
CNN  -- One of the most high-profile appointments President Obama will make in his second term is the director of the CIA . Here 's a tip for the president : The time is ripe for the first woman to head the agency . Choosing a woman is n't just about narrowing the intelligence community gender gap . It 's also about drawing from the whole pool of talent to ensure the best national security apparatus and responding to Americans ' apparent desire for more women in government . Here are the Top 10 reasons President Obama should name a woman as the next CIA director . 1  It would inspire more women to enter the fields of foreign policy and intelligence . The intelligence and foreign policy community is predominantly male . According to a 2009 report published by Women in International Security , women comprise about 13 % of the Senior Intelligence Service , and between 21 % and 29 % of key agencies that grapple with national security matters , like the U.S. Department of State and U.S. Department of Defense . That should be rectified . 2  The November 6 elections showed Americans want to see more women in senior government positions . Women make up 20 % of the Senate , a historic high . Overall , the next Congress will have almost 100 women . 3  Women at the CIA are increasingly playing significant behind-the-scenes counterterrorism roles . Women were instrumental in the hunt for Osama bin Laden . Mike Scheuer , the first chief of the CIA 's first unit focused on tracking bin Laden , has noted that female intelligence analysts were integral in the first captures of senior al Qaeda leaders after 9/11 . In his book "  Manhunt , " al Qaeda expert and CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen writes , "  The prominent role that women played in the hunt for bin Laden was reflective of the largest cultural shift at the CIA in the past two decades . " Bergen : Tough choice for Obama on Petraeus ' successor 4  Appointing a woman could assist on the public relations front . The reputations of the intelligence and defense communities have been somewhat tarnished by events surrounding the resignation of CIA Director David Petraeus and the investigation of Gen. John Allen ; a big change at the top could help . 5  It 's a high-profile moment to appoint a woman as director . Pop culture reflects today 's obsession with national security and intelligence issues . Media coverage of Petraeus ' resignation and the attacks on the Benghazi consulate have fueled this interest . The movies "  Argo , " "  Skyfall " and the upcoming "  Zero Dark Thirty " about the hunt for bin Laden , as well as Showtime 's "  Homeland , " have fed into the fascination with spying . Too bad the most-watched woman in national security , "  Homeland 's " protagonist Carrie Mathison , is fictional . 6  Motivating more women to join the community is a national security issue : Staying safe in a world with increasingly complex and transmuting threats requires intelligence leaders to recruit the best and brightest ; tapping half the population is n't enough . 7  More women in senior intelligence and national security positions could have a positive impact in unanticipated ways . In general , diversity can help temper group-think , generate innovative problem-solving , bring new issues to the agenda and change meeting dynamics for the better . 8  Plenty of women are qualified for this role . Some examples : former Rep. Jane Harman , head of the Woodrow Wilson Center and former ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee ; Janet Napolitano , secretary of Homeland Security ; Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee ; Hillary Clinton , secretary of state ; Condoleezza Rice , former secretary of state ; Anne-Marie Slaughter , former director of policy planning at the State Department ; MichÃ ¨ le Flournoy , former under secretary of defense for policy and Frances Townsend , former homeland and counterterrorism adviser to President Bush and a CNN contributor , to name a few . Of course , many other senior women with less name recognition from within the intelligence community would be excellent candidates . 9  Women hold the top post in many other countries and it 's time for the United States to catch up . Women hold the highest office , as president or prime minister , in Switzerland , Denmark , Germany , Iceland , Argentina , India , Australia , Brazil , Jamaica , Trinidad , Liberia and many other countries . Great Britain , Israel , Finland , France , Turkey , Pakistan , and many others have had women serve in those positions . The United States is still behind on this front and has another four years before this even becomes a possibility . 10  Once a woman is appointed to a top position , it opens the door to others with immense talent . Since President Clinton appointed Madeleine Albright to serve as the first female U.S. secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton followed . In a recent New Yorker article titled "  The CIA 's Next Leader , " Steve Coll writes : "  The United States has never had anyone but white men run the  CIA  , the Pentagon , or the FBI -- an increasingly absurd and shameful record . " A woman at the helm of the CIA would n't simply make another crack in the intelligence glass ceiling , it could effectively shatter it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Tara Maller .	Tara Maller says President Obama should appoint a woman as head of the CIA She says it would inspire more women to join an agency dominated by men Maller : Americans want more women in government , and many women are highly qualified It 's time for a change as women play more and more prominent roles in intelligence , she says
CNN  -- During his professional tennis career that began in 1998 , Roger Federer has done a whole lot of traveling . He has played in exactly 30 countries , a figure that does n't include exhibition tours or matches in nations such as Brazil , Argentina and South Korea . Starting this weekend the seven-time Wimbledon champion and 17-time grand slam winner breaks new ground by competing in India in the exhibition International Premier Tennis League , and his fans in the world 's second most populated country can hardly wait . A first batch of tickets for his matches in the capital , New Delhi , sold out in 20 minutes . Federer is expected to play on two days . "  For Indians , Wimbledon is one of the biggest sporting events -- not just tennis events -- of the year , " IPTL founder and former doubles standout Mahesh Bhupathi said in an interview with CNN.com . "  With Roger being as successful as he has at Wimbledon just makes him that iconic figure in India . "  Everybody is waiting for him to show up . " Federer is excited , too . He 'll be visiting India for a second time , having surveyed Unicef 's recovery programs in southern India in 2006 in the wake of the tsunami in Asia two years earlier . Federer sat down with CNN.com during the World Tour Finals last month to discuss his upcoming Indian trip and all things India . He ca n't wait to land at the airport , for one . He likes Indian food -- not shying away from the spicy stuff once in a while -- recalls his time on India 's chaotic roads and of course reflects on his Twitter request in September that led to an array of colorful replies . Q : Roger , three months ago you asked your Indian supporters on Twitter to recreate some Indian experiences or take you to some popular sights via Photoshop . The results were pretty memorable . What did you make of it ? A : I thought it was hilarious , actually . I wanted to explain to people that unfortunately I had limited time because I really need to practice and I need to get back to the family , but I 'm so happy to be coming to India , and it 's very exciting , so I was like , ` Well how ? ' I know I ca n't see much or hardly anything rather than actually experience just the people , Delhi , all that stuff . So I was like , ` You guys Photoshop me and I think that 's like a good idea and then I 'll pick you guys and retweet . ' The feedback that came was just -LSB- he giggles -RSB- hilarious . It was crazy , it was cool . There were many , many ones that were simply epic . I ca n't wait to go to India . Q : You wo n't have much time in India , but what are you looking forward to doing ? A : To me arriving at the airport is very exciting . I remember when I went to Brazil for the first time a couple of years ago -LSB- in 2012 -RSB- in Sao Paulo . I came out and I was like , ` This is it . I 'm in Brazil . I made it . ' It 's so rare for me to go to a new country , new place , new city . It wo n't be my first time in India , but it 'll be my first time to play tennis , and that moment you walk onto the court or into the stadium -- that 's why I play tennis . I 'm going to India for that feeling -- playing tennis , showing what I can do , bringing over my personality , sharing the fun and all that with the people , and how are the people going to react ? And obviously I 'm going to meet a ton of people , get a sense for how it is locally there . It 's going to be crazy , but I 'm prepared for that . Q : You mention that it 's going to be crazy . It could be quite crazy at the airport when you land . A : Maybe . Those are the things I do n't know . That 's why I do n't want to think about it much and just like go with the flow . When it happens , handle it . People know I 'm happy to come and if there are happy people that I 'm coming , that 's great . I 've had some experiences at hotels , airports , stadiums , but that 's why I think the South American trip was huge or sometimes playing exhibitions is what I really enjoy doing because it allows me to play in places I 've never been to . I went to Seoul , I went to Macao , Kuala Lumpur , Sao Paulo , Buenos Aires and Bogota , and now I can go to India . I 'm sure I 've forgot a few . For me it was special to play in Japan for the first time in 2006 . I 've been on tour for a long time so sometimes you would think that it takes more to get me excited , which I guess is true to a degree . And this is definitely going to get me excited . Q : In a broader perspective , what do you think of when you think of India ? A : I think of a warm place . I see a lot of people walking around barefoot because it is so warm . I remember I was not able to watch the road anymore because I was seeing guys like coming -LSB- he makes a swerving motion with his hand then laughs -RSB- ... I was like , ` Oh my God , I ca n't watch this anymore because we 're going to get hit at one point . ' I was on the road for six straight hours to Puducherry and back from Chennai . It was unbelievable , but it was a great experience . I think of that . I think of a lot of people . I think of people that are quickly excited , a cricket loving country . Obviously that comes to mind as an athlete . So that 's what I think of and just how different the north is from the south , how different the dress is as well , how inland is different to the coast , fisherman to inside with the crops . Q : Have you seen a Bollywood movie ? A : Maybe a few minutes here and there . I went to see one of these musicals in London years ago -LSB- he suspects it was Bombay Dreams -RSB- . It was so much fun . Q : How much do you like Indian food ? A : I like it a lot . Sometimes I like to face the challenge of spice because I rarely have it . Good Indian food is great . Here this week already I went twice to Indian food -LSB- note : the interview took place on the Thursday -RSB- . I had chicken biryani , and I like vegetarian as well . I had one of these vegetarian degustation menus , which is great . I ate all the naan breads , you name it . I really like Indian food .	He 's 33 but it 's a new experience for Roger Federer when he plays in India Federer is competing in New Delhi as part of the International Premier Tennis League It will be Federer 's second visit to India after a trip to southern India for Unicef in 2006 Federer ended the professional tennis season on a high , helping Switzerland win the Davis Cup
CNN  -- Motorsport 's ruling body has officially approved a host of Formula One team name changes for the 2012 season . Team Lotus , Lotus Renault and Virgin were all given permission to alter their names following a meeting of the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile 's F1 commission in Geneva last week . CNN-sponsored Lotus will now be known as Caterham F1 from next year onwards , while Virgin will be renamed Marussia F1 . Russian carmaker Marussia Motors purchased a significant stake in Virgin in November 2010 , and has had its logo present on the car throughout the 2011 season . Renault will also undergo changes ahead of next year 's campaign , changing the team 's chassis name to Lotus . The announcements mark the end of a two-year spell which has seen two teams race using the legendary name . "  We are very pleased that our chassis name change has been approved , " team principal Eric Boullier told Renault 's official website . "  We have said all along that , in the interests of the sport , it is important that we remove any ambiguity on this matter . It is also important that there are clearly identifiable teams on the grid . "  It is the start of another chapter for Enstone  the team 's HQ  , but not a whole new beginning . The team 's history and experience will allow us to take up this challenge with a controlled and swift process . We 're very much looking forward to 2012 . " Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel has already retained the 2011 world drivers ' championship , with the Britain-based Austrian team having also clinched the constructors ' title for the second year in a row . The penultimate race of the campaign is on Sunday in Abu Dhabi , before the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix on November 27 .	The FIA has approved a number of name changes ahead of 2012 F1 season CNN-sponsored Team Lotus will be renamed Caterham F1 next year Virgin Racing to be renamed Marussia F1 for 2012 campaign Lotus Renault to change the team 's chassis name to Lotus
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has announced plans to build hundreds of new homes in the disputed regions of East Jerusalem and the West Bank , a move that has drawn sharp criticism . The country 's Land Administration on Monday published notices for bids to erect 609 units in Pisgat Zeev and 606 units in Ramot in East Jerusalem . It also reoffered bids for 72 homes in Ariel in the West Bank . Israel 's building of settlements in the West Bank and housing construction in East Jerusalem have been major stumbling blocks in forging peace efforts and a two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians . Read more : Israel to build housing in West Bank Palestinian government spokeswoman Nour Odeh said the Palestinians "  do n't recognize the legitimacy of any settlement construction in the occupied Palestinian territories , especially in East Jerusalem . " "  We regard this announcement as a new expression for Israeli defiance of will of the international community . Israel is creating realities on the ground that contradicts the spirit and letter of signed agreements and relevant resolutions , and it is the responsibility of all responsible international actions to put an end to this assault on the prospects of peace and Palestinian rights to freedom and independence , " she said . Mohammed Shtayyeh , a leader in the Palestinian movement Fatah , criticized Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , saying , "  This is all Netanyahu and Lieberman have to offer : the destruction of the two-state solution and the imposition of an apartheid regime . " Ariel Rosenberg , the spokesman for Israel 's Ministry of Housing and Construction , said the government made the announcement last year of its intention to build in Pisgat Zeev and Ramot . Rosenberg said it has taken a year for the tender to be announced because of an argument over infrastructure development . But Israeli group Peace Now , a critic of settlement policies , called the announcement the "  true answer " from Netanyahu to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and his "  strong commitment " to a two-state solution . "  It seems that Netanyahu is afraid of the new administration that is being elected today in the U.S. and he has chosen the day of election to publish the tenders so that there will be the least public attention to his action , " Peace Now said on its website . Read more : Evacuation of 150 West Bank settlers begins Peace Now notes that the Ariel tender is a remarketing of prospective units not sold in previous bidding last December . "  This is another indication to the fact that the settlement of Ariel is not so attractive for Israelis , and that the government 's efforts to expand it , comes mainly from political reasons , and not due to the housing needs , " Peace Now said . Israel captured East Jerusalem and the West Bank during the Six Day War in 1967 . Israel has annexed all of Jerusalem and considers the city its capital . It has occupied the West Bank and allowed Jewish settlements to take root there . But Palestinians supporting the two-state solution maintain the eastern part of Jerusalem should serve as the future capital of a Palestinian state and regard the West Bank as the future territory of an independent state . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Bids are taken to build units in East Jerusalem and West Bank Peace Now argues the bids were timed as attention is turned toward the U.S. elections Palestinians deplore the move Israel says the plan has been in the works for a year
CNN  -- A Canadian town slipped out of a tense fear and into mourning overnight with the arrest of a man suspected of killing three police officers and wounding two others . ` I 'm done , " suspect Justin Bourque yelled as he gave up , a nearby resident who watched the 24-year-old 's arrest through a window told CNN partner CBC . He was unarmed , although police found weapons nearby , said Marlene Snowman , a superintendent for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Authorities offered no explanation for the rampage in the town of Moncton , New Brunswick . Charges against him would be filed later , Snowman said . RCMP Assistant Commissioner Roger Brown identified the slain officers as Constables David Ross , 32 , Fabrice Georges Gevaudan , 45 , and Douglas James Larche , 40 . "  On Wednesday night , we lost three incredible members of our organization , and I ca n't dig deep enough to explain the sadness that we all feel , " Brown said , his voice breaking at times . Shortly after Bourque 's arrest , barricades tumbled as residents on lockdown since the shooting slowly gathered on the streets . "  It 's hard to imagine that we can go back and turn the page without having a sense of the great loss we 've suffered , " Mayor George Leblanc of Moncton told CTV . "  Moncton is such a beautiful , warm community ... I know this community has a tremendous spirit , and we will get through this . " Arrested in a backyard Michelle Thibodeau told CBC that the suspect was captured near her home in Moncton . "  There were trucks going by really slowly as well as cop cars surrounding my house , so we knew they were looking directly around my house , " she said . "  Suddenly , one of the SWAT trucks stopped and unloaded officers , and they proceeded to go to my backyard . " While there , they yelled for the suspect to surrender . He was hiding behind a row of trees , Thibodeau said . "  They were screaming for about five minutes and they had their guns loaded . And eventually Justin came out with his hands up and he yelled , ` I 'm done . ' And they collected him and brought him to my front yard , where he lay sprawled out . " Police surveyed her yard for weapons before taking him away , she told CBC . "  My heart dropped in my stomach . We were all shaking and panicky . It was a very scary situation . " Her parents , brother , his girlfriend and a dog all watched the scene unfold from a window . At the time of his arrest , the suspect was wearing the same camouflage uniform shown in the pictures , according to Thibodeau . The only difference was his hair was "  dripping wet , " she said . Last social media post ? A Facebook page purported to belong to Bourque has many posts with pro-gun photos and a few anti-police memes . There is also a photo where two men pose with shotguns in the snow . It was posted on February 25 , six days after the Facebook page was created , and is used as the profile picture . In what appears to be his final post , the page 's author used the words of a song by the metal group Megadeth . You say you 've got the answers , well who asked you anyway ? Ever think maybe it was meant to be this way ? Do n't try to fool us , we know the worst is yet to come . I believe my kingdom will come . Rare shootings Moncton has 140,000 people and is 150 kilometers  93 miles  northeast of Saint John . "  It 's a lot . Especially for a city like this , where you would n't expect something to happen like this , " resident Jonathan Hurshman told CTV . "  You see it all in the States , and you think , ` No , that could never happen here ' -- and sure enough , it happens here . " There were no homicides in Moncton in 2011 and 2012 , and the average number of homicides per year between 2006 and 2011 was one . In 2012 , the homicide rate in Canada was 1.6 per 100,000 . In the United States , it was 4.7 per 100,000 , according to United Nations statistics . Georgia courthouse shooter had bombs , assault rifle 3 shot at Seattle Pacific University CNN 's Rick Martin and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I ca n't dig deep enough to explain the sadness , " police official says NEW : Police release the names of the officers killed Moncton resident says suspect was arrested on her yard SWAT teams swarmed neighborhoods and surrounded buildings
CNN  -- It 's a matter of geopolitical debate whether Manuel Noriega 's reputation can be damaged any more than it already was . But the former Panamanian dictator says a video game did just that . Noriega filed suit against the makers of "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " on Tuesday , saying that his portrayal in the military shooter makes him look bad and gives the impression that he gave permission for the game 's makers to use his likeness . While it 's now one of the most controversial , Noriega 's inclusion in the game is far from the first time that a real person -- or a fictional representation of one -- has popped up as a character in a video game . From the earliest video arcades to today 's gritty , hyper-realistic action titles , pop and rock stars , politicians , athletes and others have occupied many a pixel in the gaming world . Of course , there are the professional sports games , most notably EA 's ultrapopular "  Madden NFL " franchise and its supposed "  Madden Curse . " And well-known actors are increasingly being chosen for starring roles in games , as emerging technology makes their video-game performances so real , they 're sometimes hard to tell from video . But there 's something cool about stumbling upon those digital Easter eggs , the "  hey , it 's that guy " moments video games are good at providing . This gallery takes a look at a dozen of our favorites through the years . Let us know which of your favorites we left out in the comment section below .	Panama 's Manuel Noriega has sued over his "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 " portrayal He 's not the first real person portrayed in a video game Pop and rock stars , political figures and the like frequently show up
CNN  -- They look like typical Mormon missionaries . Dressed in black pants , white shirts and black ties and carrying backpacks , the two men walk up a driveway and step though a gate . But their mission was anything but godly , say Las Vegas police , which released images of the men on Tuesday . The two are accused of posing as missionaries to rob a family home . They knocked on the victim 's door asking to talk about religion , police say . After about five minutes , they allegedly jumped and punched the homeowner . "  Something went around my neck . A hand went around my mouth , and I screamed for my wife , " Terence Delucia told CNN affiliate KTNV . His screams woke his wife and daughter . Both reportedly hid in their closets . The two men took about $ 3,000 the family had been saving for a trip to Disneyland , along with three iPads and an iPod , KTNV reported . Then they fled . Police describe the first suspect as a white male , between 22 and 28 years old , 5 feet 7 inches or 5 feet 8 inches tall , and 130 to 145 pounds . The second suspect is a black male , between 22 and 28 years old , 5 feet 10 inches to 6 feet 1 inch tall , and 190 to 210 pounds . Kristen Howey , a spokeswoman for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints , called the crime "  senseless . " The robbery took place on the morning of June 27 . "  Thankfully , impersonating missionaries is very rare , " she said . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	The suspects made off with $ 3,000 , iPads and an iPod , CNN affiliate KTNV reports Police release images of the men wearing black pants , white shirts , black ties and backpacks "  Thankfully , impersonating missionaries is very rare , " says a church spokeswoman
CNN  -- The South China Sea has returned to the geopolitical spotlight , eclipsing the Taiwan Straits as the region 's most volatile flashpoint . But quite unlike the Taiwan or the associated Quemoy/Matsu dispute , the South China Sea 's claimant nations are at least as interested in developing the region 's economic potential as they are in asserting sovereignty and building military bases . This opens a window to resolving the dispute in a way that looks beyond the traditional frame of sovereignty and towards a win-win economic benefit . In the mid-to-late 1990s , Asia looked far from stable : naval vessels conducted provocative operations around the appropriately named Mischief Reef , the U.S.-Taiwan military relationship was causing headaches with China , the Asian financial crisis destabilized the region 's "  Tiger " economies , and a violent struggle for independence was waged to liberate East Timor , now known as Timor-Leste , from Indonesia . But the decade since has been marked by almost universal growth across the region . Growth surged from China to India , Indonesia became a $ 1 trillion economy , Myanmar rapidly normalized its relations with its neighbors and the world , and the South China Sea became the passageway for large volumes of energy and commodities . The main difference between today 's South China Sea dispute and that of two decades ago is that China is immensely more powerful . Reflecting its growing clout , China is asserting its claims far more aggressively , claims which extend right up to the shores of the littoral nations of the South China Sea . China claims the entirety of the Spratly Island chain , as well as the Paracel island group which it occupies , and the submerged Macclesfield Bank , in a region defined by the so-called "  nine-dashed line " . China insists on negotiating bilaterally with other claimant states , dismissing the claims of other nations made in accordance with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea  UNCLOS  , insisting that China exercises "  indisputable sovereignty " in the area without fully defining the status of the nine-dashed line . China has built administrative and naval facilities on several islands , bullied vessels from other nations in dangerous and provocative manners not consistent with principles of good seamanship , and marginalized regional body ASEAN 's role in attempting to address the dispute . Most fundamentally , China 's behavior has created a window for the U.S. to return prominently to the region and shore up fraying alliances , giving the Philippines and other nations more leverage to stand up to China , as China inadvertently pushes the nations of the region toward the United States . But at best this scenario will lead to stalemate ; militarization restores temporary balance but does not provide long-term solutions . Most of the islands in the South China Sea are too small to be permanently inhabited without substantial outside assistance , and although the oil , natural gas , and mineral deposits lying beneath have not yet been fully assessed , no nation wants to give up its potentially lucrative claims . A similar situation existed a century ago in Arctic Europe -- and could serve as a role model for Asia . The 1920 Spitsbergen Treaty  signed during the Versailles negotiations after World War One  granted Norway sovereignty over the Spitsbergen archipelago , which Norway subsequently renamed Svalbard , in the Arctic Sea . However , the treaty restricted Norwegian control to some extent , with limited taxation  at a lower rate than mainland Norway  and provisions to preserve the environment . Naval bases and other military fortifications were prohibited from the island , and Norway was obligated to be legally non-discriminatory against any nation or company from the signatory states seeking to undertake maritime or mining activity on the island . Norway , then , is effectively the steward of Svalbard , but not necessarily its master . The Arctic Ocean , of course , remains disputed in various sectors , and Russia even went so far as to famously plant a titanium flagpole under what it thought was the North Pole in 2007 . But at the same time , Norway and Russia also built up sufficient confidence to legally resolve an outstanding maritime boundary dispute in the Barents Sea in 2010 , providing the impetus for potential oil and gas exploration . As the Arctic ice cap recedes , more countries are peacefully using the Northwest Passage to cut shipping time between Europe and Asia . Most importantly , Norway and Russia both are massive oil explorers and exporters , not letting territorial disputes interfere with the need to provide for global commodities demand . There is much China and the Southeast Asian maritime nations can learn from how Norway and Russia have handled Svalbard and the Arctic . Parties must agree that the aim is peaceful exploration and exploitation of resources and mutually beneficial sales in international markets . Since the parties clearly do n't trust each other to politically manage the islands , a joint-stock company should be created and listed on a major neutral regional stock exchange such as Singapore . The claimant nations -- through their national energy companies -- would collectively serve as the company 's board . This "  South China Sea Exploration Company " would effectively be a multi-national joint venture with both legal and commercial authorities . In order to circumvent the massive overlapping and mutually exclusive claims to full sovereignty over the islands , all national-corporate members would be recognized as equally entitled to the development of the islands , but only through mutually agreed arrangements . In appreciation of China 's cooperation in developing such a multi-national venture , no new claimants should be recognized as parties to the sovereignty dispute , and Taiwan 's claim would have to be made in the context of an entity not acting in the capacity of a nation-state -- hence the need for energy companies , not governments , to serve on any board . This special purpose vehicle would adjudicate the exploration rights of ships registered and recognized by it in order to continue to guarantee freedom of navigation and passage for shipping , while also respecting environmental concerns with respect to economic development . Existing occupations of territories would not be forcibly overturned , but the sovereignty question would be shelved for the time being without recognizing or dismissing the claims of the current parties to the dispute . Much as uncertified conflict diamonds from Africa are banned from sale by major private dealers , the same could be true of minerals and energy resources from unregistered deposits and unapproved operations in the South China Sea . Asian nations have been pragmatic about their disputes for over a decade ; all have benefited enormously from regional peace and the associated resultant economic growth . Today , the claimants in the South China Sea face a choice between resolving the dispute in a creative , regional , and profitable manner versus escalating the conflict and potentially sparking a regional war involving major military powers . If Asia wants to demonstrate its capacity for independent leadership , it must start by calming its own waters . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Parag Khanna and John Gilman .	Khanna : Territorial disputes in South China Sea can be resolved to everyone 's benefit Nations should put aside territorial claims and start joint venture to exploit the sea 's resources Nations can either resolve dispute profitably , or risk regional war involving major military powers
CNN  Outside of Israeli politics , Isaac Herzog is not a well-known name . That may change on March 17 , when Israelis head to the polls for election day . In the final round of polling before the elections , Herzog 's Zionist Union party is in the lead , holding a four-seat edge over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party . "  I believe in a certain type of leadership that is not always customary in this region . I 'm not a general . I do n't give orders . I know how to work together , " he says . Throughout the campaign , Herzog has been seen as an underdog , lacking the charisma and the English fluency of Netanyahu . Herzog says that does n't bother him at all . "  I have always suffered from a certain underestimation , " Herzog said , "  and I have always surprised . " He promised , "  I will surprise again , and I will show my leadership and stamina . " Herzog began his political career in 2003 , when he first won a seat in the Knesset with the Labor Party . He held a variety of ministerial positions , including minister of housing and construction , minister of tourism , and minister of welfare and social services , before becoming leader of the Labor Party in 2013 . In those elections , he also became the leader of the opposition , as Benjamin Netanyahu won another term as prime minister . But when Netanyahu called for early elections in 2014 , Herzog pegged his bid for the premiership on social reform . "  What I run for is social justice . I will change the nature of the division of wealth in a fair and more balanced way , close inequality and give a sense of purpose to the people here in the workplace , in the housing , and in the cost of living , " promised Herzog . Before the election , the issue of a nuclear Iran garnered international headlines as it further aggravated tense relations between the White House and Netanyahu . Herzog , in a speech almost immediately after Netanyahu 's address to Congress , promised to work with the United States and European powers , not against , to ensure the safety of Israel . He echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN 's Elise Labott . "  A nuclear-armed Iran is dangerous to world peace , is dangerous to our region , is dangerous to Israel . As leader of Israel , I will never accept a nuclear-armed Iran . Never . And all options are on the table . " In these elections , negotiations with the Palestinians have n't been one of the major issues , but Herzog promised to restart the stalled peace talks with the Palestinian Authority . "  I will do my best to ignite a political process with our Palestinian neighbors . ... Although I can not promise 100 % results , I promise 100 % effort . " Herzog comes from Israeli political royalty . His grandfather , Rabbi Yitzhak HaLevi Herzog , was the first chief rabbi of the state of Israel . His father , Chaim Herzog , was an Army general , an ambassador to the United Nations and the president of Israel . Herzog believes it is his destiny to be the next prime minister of Israel . "  What I carry with me is a unique legacy , a family legacy , but most important , an experience that brings me to be able to lead our nation . "	Polls show Isaac Herzog 's Zionist Union party four seats ahead of Benjamin Netanyahu 's party Israeli parliamentary elections will be on March 17
CNN  -- Dutch champions AZ Alkmaar have confirmed Dick Advocaat as their new head coach until the end of the season . AZ sought permission from the Belgian FA  KBVB  over the possibility of their national-team coach joining them for the rest of the campaign after sacking Ronald Koeman on Saturday . A statement posted on the club 's official Web site said : "  AZ and Dick Advocaat reached agreement on Tuesday on a contract for him to be head coach until the end of the current season . "  The 62-year-old will combine the role with the job of Belgium coach and will be on the bench against PSV on Saturday . " The Alkmaar club won the Eredivisie under Louis van Gaal last season but have struggled this term and currently find themselves in seventh place , 19 points behind leaders FC Twente . The former Netherlands , PSV Eindhoven and Rangers coach has already set out his goal for the season . "  We need to get European football at AZ , " Advocaat told AZ TV . "  If we do not get that , then I have done something wrong . " AZ face Standard Liege in Belgium in their final Champions League Group Group H game on Wednesday .	Dutch champions AZ Alkmaar have confirmed Dick Advocaat as their new head coach Advocaat will replace Ronald Koeman who was sacked by the club last weekend The 62-year-old Dutchman will combine his duties with those as Belgian national coach
CNN  -- First came the stuff that floats on the surface and is pushed by wind : Buoys , a soccer ball , flotation devices . And , most notably , a rust-stained unmanned fishing trawler in Alaskan waters . Communities in Alaska , Hawaii , the West Coast and Canada are preparing for the main event from debris pushed offshore by last year 's massive Japanese earthquake and tsunami . About 70 % of the debris sank , according to Japanese government estimates . No one knows how much of the remaining 1.5 million tons of debris is still floating in the Pacific Ocean . But U.S. and state officials say that some items washing ashore may be from the disaster , which took place 13 months ago and nearly 5,000 miles away . Thousands of people were killed . "  Our models show the outer edge of the debris is at the West Coast and Alaska now , " Nancy Wallace , program director and division chief of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Marine Debris Program , said Wednesday . The bulk of the debris is north of Hawaii , slowly moving east . In Washington state , there have been reports of lumber , lightbulbs and fishing items reaching land . Their source has not been confirmed . Officials ca n't rule out they came from the tsunami , according to Curt Hart , communications manager at the the state 's Department of Ecology . A volunteer helping in a beach cleanup this weekend along the Washington coast said she found items that appeared to include Japanese writing , according to CNN Seattle affiliate KING . That does n't prove they were part of the tsunami debris , officials caution . NOAA said there is no current "  debris field . " Rather , items , large and small , are scattered over a huge swath of the North Pacific and may make landfall intermittently . Residents are being told to expect reports of debris to increase and continue over the next couple of years . What might they see ? For starters , building materials , fishing nets and gear , plastic , barrels and hazardous materials . Federal , state and local officials held a workshop in Ocean Shores , Washington , on Wednesday , to discuss strategies for handling additional debris . The workshop followed a round of meetings in Washington communities . "  I think my folks have heard a little bit of everything at these meetings , " said Tim Church , communications director for the Washington State Department of Health . "  The great majority who have come have been low-key about it . " Some people have asked whether any bodies will come ashore . That 's not expected . The top concern is whether radioactive material from the Fukushima nuclear power plant will make landfall . NOAA has said that scenario is highly unlikely . "  We do not expect to see anything to wash up from Japan with elevated levels of radiation , " said Church . "  At the same time , we fully appreciate the concern of people . If you spend a lot of time on the coast , if you see the news coverage , you want to see you are safe . " A beach cleanup this past weekend along the Washington shore included checks with radiation-detecting equipment , according to Church . "  There just had not been anything so far . " No single government agency is in charge of patrolling and cleaning beaches ; hence the planning and public information campaign . "  We are poised ... with a well-coordinated response , " said Hart of the state ecology department . "  We are going to see items from the tsunami on our beaches . " Of concern for his agency is the potential for oil or chemical drums or fuel cylinders to come ashore . That risk could increase as the region sees normal stormy weather kick up later this year , according to Hart . The U.S. Coast Guard is focusing on pollution threats and any impediments to navigation , according to Lt. Regina Caffrey , a public affairs officer in Washington state . Lynne Talley , a physical oceanographer with the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego , said the debris was initially carried on the swift Kuroshio current , but slowed as it joined another current west of Hawaii . "  It is now scattered over 4,000 miles in one direction and 1,000 miles in another area , " Talley said . "  The front edge of it has gotten here and the whole cloud should arrive at the end of another year . " To better pinpoint the debris and update models , NOAA has turned to satellite images and reports from commercial shipping lines , according to Wallace of the marine debris program . "  It is extremely spread out , and if you were sailing through it you would not see much , " said Talley . Earlier this month , the U.S. Coast Guard opened fire on the drifting 200-foot trawler 180 miles southwest of Sitka , Alaska , after it determined the "  unmanned , unlit , unmarked vessel " posed a hazard to mariners and the marine environment . It was a dramatic end for the Japanese squid trawler . It was bound for a scrap yard before becoming part of the debris . The soccer ball that recently washed up on a remote Alaskan beach apparently belonged to a teenager from a Japanese city devastated by the earthquake and tsunami . Misaki Murakami , a 16-year-old high school student , said he has "  no doubt " that the ball is his after hearing that his name was among the characters written on it , Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported . NOAA blogs about the soccer ball Ocean debris is nothing new , but "  If you look at it over a long time , it is worse now than it has been , " said Wallace . Plastic does not degrade , nor does fishing gear made of synthetic materials . "  Derelict fishing gear used to be made of ropes and would break down quicker , " she said . Even with models and technology , predicting exactly where debris will come ashore is far from an exact science . "  We can only forecast a few days into the future , because of wind and current , " Wallace said . "  We expect there to be an upswing in debris on the shore . The interesting thing is we do n't know where it 's going to be , and we think it is going to be spread out . " She cautioned against overreaction . "  We do n't want people to cancel their beach vacation  thinking  it will be inundated with beach debris , " said Wallace . Still , agencies want to be prepared , and officials understand concerns . "  This is a really human tragedy that happened in Japan , " said Wallace . "  It captured the media and public 's sympathy . Afterward , you saw the videos of what was washed " out into the sea . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Last year 's earthquake and tsunami sent tons of debris into Pacific Ocean A portion of that headed east for Alaska , Hawaii , West Coast Officials are receiving reports of items coming ashore It 's difficult to predict exactly the path
New York  CNN  -- A Brooklyn man who registered domain names related to real estate mogul Donald Trump must pay $ 32,000 damages , a judge ruled Friday . J. Taikwok Yung , a self-described "  domainer " developed four websites -- trumpmumbai.com , trumpindia.com , trumpbeijing.com , and trumpbudhabi.com -- parodying the well-known businessman and providing commentary , often disparaging , on Trump and his television shows "  The Apprentice " and "  The Celebrity Apprentice . " Attorneys representing Trump filed a countersuit against Yung , 34 , at the U.S. District Court in Brooklyn in March 2013 , seeking damages for "  federal cybersquatting . " That 's defined by the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act as "  the registration as domain names of well-known trademarks by non-trademark holders who then try to sell the names back to the trademark owners . " Trump was seeking the maximum damages allowable -- $ 100,000 for each of the four Trump-related domain names . Attorney James Weinberger told CNN the ruling "  should serve as a deterrent to Mr. Yung or anyone else who thinks they can register names that include Trump 's trademark and name and use them for commercial purposes . " Trump is a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Organization and the name is associated with high-profile business ventures . The four websites were developed in 2007 , the same year the Trump organization announced plans to build Trump-branded hotels and condominiums in Mumbai and Bangalore , India . The Trump Organization demanded that Yung hand over the websites . In 2011 , Yung filed a complaint seeking to keep the domain names , citing fair use and First Amendment rights . In 2010 , Yung rejected $ 100 per domain that Trump 's lawyers offered him . Efforts to contact Yung for comment were unsuccessful .	A Brooklyn man must pay Donald Trump $ 32,000 damages , a judge ruled Friday J. Taikwok Yung parodied and critiqued Trump and his TV shows on four websites Websites , launched in 2007 , had domain names suggestive of new Trump ventures Trump filed suit in 2013 seeking damages for "  federal cybersquatting "
CNN  -- Health officials said Wednesday that they 've sent warnings to Yosemite National Park visitors from 39 other countries about a potentially deadly hantavirus uncovered at some of the park 's cabins this summer . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said up to 10,000 people were at risk , after estimating the number of friends and family members of those who stayed with visitors who booked reservations at the cabins . "  All guests who made reservations to stay in the ` Signature Tent Cabins ' from June 10 through August 24 , 2012  approximately 2,900 persons  were e-mailed or mailed a health advisory urging them to seek immediate medical attention if they or other persons in their party exhibit symptoms of HPS , " or hantavirus pulmonary syndrome , the CDC reported last week . The ` Signature Tent Cabins ' are located at the park 's popular Curry Village . Six cases of hantavirus have been reported at Yosemite , the California Department of Public Health said last week . Two of those infected died . Four more cases of hantavirus confirmed among Yosemite visitors The syndrome is a rare lung disease that kills about a third of those infected . Symptoms can include fever , chills , cough , headaches , gastrointestinal problems , muscle aches and fatigue , though it is not communicable from person to person . The incubation period is typically two to four weeks after exposure , with a range of a few days up to six weeks . In the United States , the carriers of hantavirus are deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice . The virus can be present in the rodents ' urine , droppings and saliva , and it is spread to people when they breathe in air contaminated with the virus , the CDC says . Before this year , Yosemite National Park saw one hantavirus case each in 2000 and 2010 . There is no specific treatment for a hantavirus infection , according to the CDC , but the earlier a patient is brought to intensive care , the better . Hantavirus : What you need to know	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says up to 10,000 people are at risk Virus causes a rare lung disease that kills about a third of those infected The incubation period is typically two to four weeks after exposure Symptoms can include fever , chills , cough , headaches and gastrointestinal problems
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Food from healthy clones of cattle , swine and goats is as safe as food from non-cloned animals , the Food and Drug Administration said in a report released Tuesday . Debate has raged around food products from cloned cattle , such as this one produced by the company Viagen . "  Extensive evaluation of the available data has not identified any subtle hazards that might indicate food-consumption risks in healthy clones of cattle , swine , or goats , " the 968-page "  final risk assessment " concluded . "  Thus , edible products from healthy clones that meet existing requirements for meat and milk in commerce pose no increased food consumption risk  s  relative to comparable products from sexually-derived animals . " But the FDA said it needs more information to determine the safety of meat and milk from cloned sheep . The FDA also concluded that food from newborn cattle clones "  may pose some very limited human food consumption risk . " The purpose of using cloned animals is to improve the overall value of a given herd by creating genetic copies of donor animals , resulting in a herd that produces higher-quality milk and meat . For years , heated debate over the use of cloned animals for food production has stretched from Congress to cattle farms and dinner tables nationwide . Judy Fortin has more on the debate over meat and milk from cloned animals " . Dr. Stephen Sundlof , director of the agency 's Center of Food Safety and Applied Nutrition , acknowledged the controversy to reporters . About half of the more than 30,500 comments from the public the FDA has received about the matter have dealt with labeling , he said . But , he added , agency regulators can not require cloned products be labeled as such if -- as they assert -- there is no material difference between them and food produced by conventional methods . "  There 's really nothing for us to label , " he said . Consumers wo n't be able to figure it out for themselves , he said . No test exists that could distinguish meat from a cloned animal from other meat . Either way , food products from cloned animals or their offspring would not reach store shelves for years , experts said . But companies could label their clone-free products as such , Sundlof said . In addition , foods labeled "  organic " would not contain cloned products . Tuesday 's announcement followed the agency 's December 2006 preliminary conclusion , reached after a four-year review , that milk and meat from cloned animals are safe for human consumption . The agency was then to collect more safety data before issuing a final decision . Last month , the Senate passed a measure intended to bar the FDA from approving the products until further study was conducted . The legislation , part of the Senate 's $ 286 billion farm bill , also required the Agriculture Department to examine consumer acceptance of cloned meats . On Tuesday , opponents of using cloned animals in food production expressed anger at the move . "  The FDA has acted recklessly and I am profoundly disappointed in their rush to approve cloned foods , " Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , said in a written statement . "  Just because something was created in a lab does n't mean we should have to eat it . If we discover a problem with cloned food after it is in our food supply and it 's not labeled , the FDA wo n't be able to recall it like they did Vioxx -- the food will already be tainted . " Vioxx , a painkiller , was withdrawn from the market in 2004 after it was linked to a heightened risk of heart attack and stroke . "  We think the FDA should pay attention to what Congress is asking them to do , " said J.D. Hanson , policy analyst for the Center for Food Safety . "  It looks like they are releasing it to sidestep what Congress has asked them to do . " The National Farmers Union , in a written statement , said "  consumers have the right to know if the food they feed their families comes from a cloned animal . " Another concern is possible economic fallout . "  People will start consuming less dairy and meat " if they are not sure of the products ' safety , predicted Michael Hansen , a senior scientist with Consumers Union . His group calls for more study and clear labeling . Perhaps in an effort to placate critics , Tuesday 's report included hundreds of pages of raw data in the risk assessment . Some consumer groups said they were pleased with the report . "  There are still unanswered questions about the use of cloned animals in the food supply , but the Food and Drug Administration has satisfactorily answered the safety question , " the Center for Science in the Public Interest said in a written statement . "  While the safety of any food can not be proven with absolute certainty , consumers should have confidence that meat and milk from cloned animals and their offspring will be safe . " Experts say it is unlikely actual clones would be used in food production . A cloned cow costs $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 to create . More likely , experts said , the offspring of cloned animals would be used . Bruce Knight , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's undersecretary for marketing and regulatory programs , said only about 600 cloned animals exist in the United States , about 570 of which are cattle . He said the agency is urging providers to extend a voluntary moratorium on the use of the meat or milk from cloned animals during the transition , a period he would not specify . Mark Walton , president of ViaGen , which uses cloning technologies , said his company will comply with the request , but he played down the scope of the matter . "  The number of cloned animals in the barn yard today is minuscule compared to the size of the total livestock population , " said Walton . "  In addition , clones are to be used as breeding animals , not for consumption . Because of a supply chain management system that allows tracking of cloned livestock , consumers are unlikely to ever eat these animals . " A spokeswoman for the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association , Karen Batra , predicted , "  It will be many , many years " before the technology becomes mainstream . She further predicted that its adoption would not be accompanied by a hike in prices . "  There comes a point where consumers will find another form of meat , " she said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jennifer Pifer and Val Willingham contributed to this report .	Sheep meat , milk need more research , FDA says Heated debate has raged for years over use of cloned animals for food production Products from cloned animals wo n't be labeled Food products from cloned animals not expected on store shelves for years
CNN  -- The freak snowstorm that pounded the eastern United States late last week , cutting power to hundreds of thousands of people , killed at least 22 people , officials said Thursday . In Massachusetts , at least six deaths were related to the storm , and a seventh was under investigation , said Peter William Judge , public information officer for the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency . Four of the deaths were linked to carbon monoxide poisoning ; one person was electrocuted by a downed power line and one person died in a house fire blamed on the storm , he said . In New Jersey , eight storm-related fatalities were tallied , including three people who burned to death in house fires , one person who died when a branch fell on him , another who died when a tree fell on him , and three people who died in motor vehicle accidents . A ninth death was under investigation . In Connecticut , eight people died , four of them from carbon monoxide poisoning , said Gov. Dannel Malloy . In all , 91 shelters and 111 warming centers were to be open in the state Thursday night , he said . An estimated 831,000 customers lost electricity during Saturday 's storm , according to Connecticut Light & Power officials and the attorney general 's office . The storm dropped at least a foot of snow in a band from West Virginia to Maine . By Thursday afternoon , power had been restored to slightly more than half of the affected customers , said Dave Radanovich , a CL&P spokesman . He predicted power would be fully restored by Monday morning . The utility -- using workers from 20 states -- deployed 867 line crews composed of two or three workers each to repair downed transmission lines ; another 628 tree crews and 550 support crews were aiding the effort , Radanovich said . President Barack Obama has signed emergency declarations for New Hampshire and Connecticut , clearing the way for federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts . Connecticut 's attorney general called Thursday for regulators to investigate CL&P , the state 's main electric utility , over its handling of the storm . Attorney General George Jepsen filed the request with the state 's Public Utilities Regulatory Authority , which is already investigating CL&P over its response to power outages during Tropical Storm Irene in September . "  The heavy , wet snow weighed down on the trees , " Radanovich said . "  Limbs were holding two times their normal weight , " because the state 's trees still have leaves on them . In addition , CL&P had less time to prepare for Saturday 's storm by bringing in out-of-state crews ahead of time , according to Radanovich , since the storm hit with little notice . "  Forecasts for this storm initially predicted only 6 inches of snow , but on Friday that jumped to a foot , " he said . CNN 's Andy Rose , Dan Verello , Hussein Saddique and Logan Burruss contributed to this report .	NEW : 6 storm-related deaths in Massachusetts NEW : 8 deaths in New Jersey An estimated 831,000 CL&P customers lost power during Saturday 's storm Governor : 4 of the 8 Connecticut deaths were from carbon monoxide poisoning
CNN  -- A woman who tried to beat up her ex-boyfriend 's son with a five-pound dumbbell and smother him with a pillow is now facing an attempted murder charge , police in Maryland said Wednesday . Helen Marie Newsome , 26 , broke into a home in Landover and hid inside for 10 hours before she attacked the 8-year-old in bed Saturday morning , Prince George 's Police Capt. Jimmy Simms said . "  Newsome grabbed a pillow and placed it over the child 's face and then began striking him in the head with a weapon , " police said in a statement . The boy fought back and ran away . Police hailed him as a hero on Wednesday . "  Not only does he have the know-how to get away from the danger , but he sees who it is that attacked him and tells the police , " he said . "  This young boy  is  only 8 years old and fought back to someone who was trying to take his life . It is a very heroic thing to do . " The boy , who had multiple lacerations on his head , was treated and released from the hospital , police said . CNN affiliate WJLA reported that woman had been hiding in a closet and attacked when the boy 's father left for work . The boy 's father had broken off a relationship with her last week , WJLA said . "  She tried to hurt him by hurting me , 'cause he loves me more than anything , cause I 'm his son , " the boy told the CNN affiliate . Police say Newsome , who also has a 1-year-old child with the boy 's father , is charged with first-degree attempted murder and is being held on $ 500,000 bond . "  She has admitted her involvement in the assault , " police said in a statement . The suspect was remorseful when police arrested her Saturday , authorities said . At her house , police found bloody clothing , items she allegedly stole form the house and the dumbbell she allegedly used to hit the boy , Simms said . Newsome appeared in court for a bail hearing on Tuesday , court records show . It was not immediately clear Wednesday whether there was an attorney representing her or whether she had entered a plea . Florida teens sentenced in savage beating on school bus	NEW : Boy to CNN affiliate : "  She tried to hurt him by hurting me " Police : The woman hid in the house for 10 hours before she attacked Helen Marie Newsome , 26 , is charged with first-degree attempted murder Police say she tried to beat up and smother her ex-boyfriend 's 8-year-old son
CNN  -- Ray Rice is out of a job . An increasing number of critics think National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell , the man in charge of disciplining the star player , should be next . The commissioner told CBS News on Tuesday that he was sickened by what he saw on a newly released video that showed Rice knocking out his now-wife with a ferocious punch , but insisted that Monday was the first time he or anyone in NFL headquarters had seen the full scope of the February incident . He also deflected criticism of his handling of Rice 's case and his initial lenient penalty for the Baltimore Ravens running back 's act . When asked did he really need to see a video of the brutal knockout punch to decide on the length of Rice 's punishment , the commissioner said , "  No . " "  What we saw in the first videotape was troubling to us in and of itself , " Goodell said , referring to another video that surfaced in February after the incident , showing Rice dragging his fiancee , Janay , out of the elevator . "  But what we saw yesterday was extremely clear . It was extremely graphic and it was sickening . " The new footage from inside an Atlantic City hotel elevator prompted Goodell to suspend the veteran player indefinitely . It also made many sports commentators even angrier about the league 's botched reaction to the incident -- an initial two-game suspension for Rice -- something Goodell has admitted he did n't get right . Outspoken ESPN personality Keith Olbermann called Goodell an "  enabler of men who beat women " and demanded the commissioner resign or be fired . "  Mr. Goodell 's ineptitude has not merely rendered this football season meaningless and irrelevant by contrast , it has not only reduced supporting or watching football to a distasteful , even a disrespectful act , but most importantly it has comforted the violent and afflicted the victim , " Olbermann opined Monday . "  His push to increase NFL punishment of domestic abusers to roughly that one-third that of repeat pot smokers , his decision today to suspend Rice indefinitely , after the Ravens had fired him , are elements of classic tragedy , wherein the right thing is finally done only after it 's too late to matter . " San Francisco Chronicle sport columnist Ann Killion agreed . "  Roger Goodell should follow Rice out the door -- his leadership has no integrity and no longer can be trusted by the public . He should resign , " she wrote . Goodell told CBS that the league assumed an in-elevator video existed and asked law enforcement for it , but was never given the opportunity to view it . It was n't until Monday , when he arrived at the office and staffers told him there was something he needed to see , that he viewed the video . Former NFL quarterback Sage Rosenfels , in a column posted on Football by Football , blamed Goodell for a colossal failure , but did n't call for him to step down . "  Roger Goodell is powerful . He is connected . He has unlimited resources at his disposal . He can make things happen . He did n't do his job . He failed in epic proportions , " Rosenfels wrote . In a tweet , the former player wrote of suspending Rice indefinitely : "  Roger Goodell made $ 44 million last year to make really difficult decisions . This was an easy one . " Goodell has admitted that his initial two-game suspension of Rice was the wrong decision . He said so when he announced a new policy penalizing acts of violence like domestic abuse or sexual assault . The new rules meant a minimum six-game ban , but the penalty did n't apply to Rice 's case . The policy was greeted with commendations , but the fact that Rice was going to be back in uniform soon even though the league knew he had knocked Janay Rice unconscious drew loud condemnation . The criticism intensified after the new video surfaced Monday . "  Goodell elected himself the league 's top cop . Is he Barney Fife ? " wrote ESPN 's Jason Whitlock . "  Did he not talk to the police or hotel security personnel who saw the tape ? " Goodell told CBS that he was n't going to step down and that criticism was an everyday part of the position . Did NFL do what it could to see video ? While the league said it never saw the new video until it was posted online , many question whether the NFL tried hard enough to view it before Monday . TMZ ran a story Tuesday , citing anonymous sources , saying the NFL never asked the casino for the video , and had it asked , the video would have been handed over . Reacting to that report , NFL officials said they asked state police for evidence related to the case , but authorities did not give the video to them . NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said that security for Atlantic City casinos is handled by New Jersey State Police . In a statement to CNN on Tuesday , McCarthy said : "  Any videos related to an ongoing criminal investigation are held in the custody of the state police . As we said yesterday : We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident , including the video from inside the elevator . That video was not made available to us . " Coy Wire , a former NFL player-turned-Fox sports analyst , told CNN that he doubted the NFL was unaware of the TMZ video . The NFL should have done more to find it , he insisted . "  There should have been a way for them to find out , " he said . "  And if not , well then , they need to hire someone from TMZ to do the investigative services for them because I think that 's absurd . "  For them to not make a concerted effort to find out what really happened inside the elevator , it baffles me . " Former Ravens offensive lineman Wally Williams said that he agrees . "  They  the NFL  are just trying to save themselves on this one , " he said . "  I think they all had an opportunity to see this video . " In June , Goodell met with Rice and his wife at the NFL office in New York to hear their versions of what happened . Janay Rice reportedly sat beside her husband as she described what happened . After hearing that and taking another month to evaluate the evidence the league had gathered , Goodell suspended Rice for two games of a 16-game season . He also was to forfeit a third game 's pay -- reportedly a total of $ 529,411 . Now Rice 's career appears all but over . After the in-elevator video surfaced , he was released by the Ravens and was suspended indefinitely by the NFL . He 's not even eligible to play in the Canadian Football League , which honors NFL bans . Goodell , however , told CBS it would be possible for Rice to make an NFL comeback if the running back proved he had addressed the domestic violence issue and that he had paid a price for his actions . The commissioner would have to lift his suspension . A league spokesman said Monday that the commissioner 's office would want to provide direction on any potential new contract . Players blast Goodell Other players and former competitors have expressed their disgust about the entire matter on Twitter . Green Bay Packer T.J. Lang on Monday tweeted , "  2 games . Disturbing . " Former NFL player London Fletcher 's message of disappointment was retweeted more than 1,800 times . " @nflcommish to say you got that wrong is an understatement . Very disappointed in you . Wow ... unbelievable . " Opinion : Lesson of Ray Rice case -- stop blaming victim CNN 's Jill Martin and Jennifer Bernstein contributed to this report .	Commissioner Roger Goodell tells CBS that the league was unable to obtain in-elevator video Current and ex-players slam NFL commissioner for how he handled Ray Rice case Rice was seen in a newly released video punching out his then-fiancÃ © e on an elevator Before the video , Rice was suspended two games and fined
CNN  -- American football -- particularly at the NFL level -- requires stamina , which is usually in short supply when you 're hungry . Husain Abdullah , a safety for the Kansas City Chiefs , does n't let an empty stomach ruin his game . A devout Muslim , he observes Ramadan , which means adhering to a month without food or water during daylight hours . Far from hurting his performance , Abdullah says the act of fasting actually enhances his game . "  When you 're on that spiritual level , it actually kind of transforms you into being better , and playing better , " he says . "  I 've had some of my best performances while fasting . " It 's not the first time religion has played a role in his professional decisions . When he graduated from Washington State University , he landed his dream gig : backup for the Minnesota Vikings . Three years later , he quit the team travel to go on the hajj -- the pilgrimage to Mecca that all Muslims are expected to make during their lifetimes . "  This is what I needed to see in terms of advancing my level of faith in Islam , " he says . "  Everybody 's coming to Mecca to do the same thing . Everybody 's asking for forgiveness . Everybody 's asking for guidance . " When he 's on the field , Abdullah says he can feel a higher power guiding him . "  When we make a play , we 're not going to say I did that . We 're going to thank God , " he says . Though his faith is more of a personal journey , there are some who take offense . "  People say it should n't be on the field , " he admits . "  But you ca n't get away from it . If someone believes in God , you ca n't get away from it . "	American football star Husain Abdullah says his Muslim faith is important to him He left football to travel to Mecca in Saudi Arabia He now plays for the Kansas City Chiefs He fasts during Ramadan , even if it means playing football hungry
EW.com  -- It 's a great day to be a Marvel superhero . "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " took the No. 1 spot for the third weekend in a row , earning $ 26.61 million this holiday weekend , allowing it to cross that magical $ 200 million finish line . For comparison 's sake , this sequel -- directed by Anthony and Joe Russo -- has already out-earned 2011 ′ s "  Captain America : The First Avenger , " which ended its run with $ 176.65 million . What 's the real takeaway from all this ? That for all the idle chatter of audience superhero fatigue , no one is going to be putting away the spandex just yet . It will be interesting to see how "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " -- already healthily earning overseas -- fares when it opens domestically on May 2 . Will Christian audiences turn out for ` Heaven Is for Real ' ? Initially it seemed like this weekend would be a tight race between holdover sequels "  Captain America " and "  Rio 2 , " but it turned out to be less so , with Fox 's animated avians coming in at $ 22.5 million this weekend , bringing its domestic totals to $ 75.36 million . How the lure of a blue macaw voiced by Bruno Mars did n't succeed in nabbing the No. 1 spot is hard to say , but keep an eye on this one over the next few weeks to see what kind of staying power it may have . Meanwhile the faith-based "  Heaven Is for Real " continues to pleasantly surprise during its first weekend in wide release : TriStar 's film brought in $ 21.5 million this weekend , bringing its five-day total to $ 28.5 million . The demographics for the film broke down to 62 percent female and 38 percent male and , interestingly , 49 percent of the audience under the age of 35 . The movie stars Greg Kinnear and Kelly Reilly as real-life couple Todd and Sonja Burpo , whose son claims to have seen Heaven while unconscious . Review : ` Transcendence ' Much less happy news is the $ 11.15 million opening of Warner Bros. ' "  Transcendence . " This cyber-thriller starring Johnny Depp opened to lackluster reviews  such as ours by Chris Nashawaty  and a meh Cinemascore of C + . Does this mean , finally , that we can stop with movies about sentient computers ? Probably not . And do n't expect the stink of this flick to stick to Depp or his co-stars , Rebecca Hall , Morgan Freeman , and Kate Mara -- we 're guessing they 'll be just fine . Hopefully this will not deter longtime Christopher Nolan cinematographer Wally Pfister from getting back in the director 's chair either . Another new release this weekend , "  Haunted House 2 , " came in fifth place with $ 9.1 million . With a reported $ 4 million budget , this is good news for the Marlon Wayans-led comedy  tagline : "  It 'll scare the # 2 out of you "  , which may not have delighted critics but received a B - Cinemascore . Review : ` Haunted House 2 ' Here 's the final breakdown on this weekend 's top five : 1 . "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " -- $ 26.61 million 2 . "  Rio 2 " -- $ 22.5 million 3 . "  Heaven Is for Real " -- $ 21.5 million 4 . "  Transcendence " -- $ 11.15 million 5 . "  A Haunted House 2 " -- $ 9.1 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " was No. 1 for a third weekend The movie has now crossed the $ 200 million mark In second place at the box office was "  Rio 2 " Johnny Depp 's new movie "  Transcendence " opened in fourth place
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama hopes embattled New York congressman Charlie Rangel can end his career with dignity . "  I think Charlie Rangel served a very long time and served his constituents very well . But these allegations are very troubling , " Obama said on Friday in an interview with CBS News ' Harry Smith . "  He 's somebody who 's at the end of his career . Eighty years old . I 'm sure that what he wants is to be able to end his career with dignity . And my hope is that it happens . " Obama added . Obama commented Friday just hours after a subcommittee of the House ethics committee recommended that the Harlem Democrat be reprimanded . A reprimand would be a relatively light punishment , compared with censure and expulsion . The recommendation was made to the ethics committee before Thursday 's public hearing detailing charges against Rangel . The full committee and the House would have to approve any sanction against Rangel . Asked about the recommendation , Rangel initially told CNN on Friday that it 's "  untrue . " Rangel 's attorney , however , later said that the embattled congressman "  misspoke " and the possibility of a reprimand "  was one of a number of issues addressed in settlement discussions . " The full committee has accused Rangel of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . Among other things , Rangel has been charged with using his influence to solicit donations for a college policy center bearing his name from corporate heads and others with business before the powerful House Ways and Means Committee that Rangel chaired until forced to give up the leadership position earlier this year . Other charges involve alleged income tax and financial disclosure violations , as well as improper use of government mail service and letterhead . An ethics committee trial of Rangel is still set to be held , most likely in September , barring a settlement between Rangel and the committee members .	Obama said he hopes that U.S. Rep. Charlie Rangel can end his career with dignity The president calls the allegations "  very troubling . " Ethics subcommittee has recommended Rangel be reprimanded
CNN  -- There are stories you just wish were n't true , and for me , a mom of two young girls , this is one of them : media outlets counting the days until Kendall Jenner , one of the youngest members of the Kardashian clan , turns 18 . The celebrity site TMZ posted a photo last week -- a very revealing one , at that -- of Jenner in short shorts and a bikini , with this headline : "  Kendall Jenner 53 Days . " Hmmm -- 53 days until what ? A new TV gig ? A new modeling contract ? Until she announces college plans ? Oh no , my friends . Below the headline and the supremely sexy photo was this : "  Until she turns 18 . Not that we 're counting . " It was n't just TMZ . Another celeb site , HollywoodLife , tweeted the same photo and added this : "  To all those wondering , Kendall Jenner turns 18 in 52 days . " I was n't wondering -- were you ? And here 's the thing : Something just does n't feel quite right about the whole concept of a countdown for a young woman about to turn the age when she 's legally viewed as an adult -- even a young woman like Jenner , who has spent much of her life on reality TV . No matter how much Jenner and her attention-seeking family pursue the national spotlight , and no matter how much Kardashian critics might question my spending time on this at all -- this story , let me be clear , is not about Kendall Jenner . It is about a child . Kylie and Kendall : Growing up Kardashian After all , while no one is specifically indicating to what everyone is counting down , one can assume it 's not that Jenner will soon be able to vote for the first time . "  Maybe they are counting down the days until she is legally responsible for her decisions , " said Dorothy Liu , a mom of a 10-year-old girl , on my personal Facebook page . If only that were the case ! Too hot for tweens : Why some parents dread back-to-school shopping "  There is a countdown clock waiting for a girl to turn 18 so they can  ogle  her more inappropriately then they already do , " Jodi Ferich said on CNN 's Facebook page . "  I think its a valid question about the appropriateness of waiting for a young lady to age so you can objectify her as a sex object . " "  I believe it 's not fair game to count down to her being 18 , " said a reader via e-mail in response to a request for comments on CNN 's Facebook page , adding that it can be looked at as "  perverted , disgusting and just plain wrong . " "  Anyone who is watching this countdown waiting for this child to turn 18 needs a mental evaluation . 18 is still a CHILD in every way , " said Krista Dawn Savoury , also on CNN 's Facebook page . "  Is nothing off limits ? " said Sharon Rowley , a blogger and mom of six . "  Yes , I know her family has ` sold out . ' " Opinion : For strong daughters , stop with the sex stereotypes It is that last point -- how her family has embraced the media in every way possible -- that led many others to believe counting down until Jenner turns 18 seems entirely appropriate . "  Jenner is part of the Kardashian clan and they live for the camera , " said Joni Hudson-Reynolds , a blogger , via e-mail . "  They court the spotlight and when you make the choice to live this way , you live with the consequences , and know the consequences will be taped . " Jodi Jill , a celebrity columnist in Los Angeles , questions "  why all the eyebrow raising . " "  This would be different if the ladies did n't want this kind of attention , but they do , " Jill said . "  That 's not to say this does n't go too far , but if it was inappropriate like everyone is screaming about , the Jenner clan would have already stopped it . One call from a concerned mom  better known as Kris Jenner  would have pulled it down . " Sadly , this is not the first time there 's been a public countdown until a celeb turns the legal age . Years before Mary-Kate and Ashley Oslen turned 18 , a number of Internet sites popped up , counting down the years , months and days until the big day . And it 's not just a sexualization-of-girls thing . There was also a countdown until Justin Bieber reached the big one-eight , although one might argue this ogling until teens are "  jailbait no more " seems to happen more for young women than young men . We know our kids grown up faster than ever , and we see that evidence just about everywhere we look , from the clothing options for our tweens and teens to the way their role models  or former role models  present themselves  think Miley Cyrus !  to the concerns about the photos they 're sending each other online . Adult-inspired lingerie marketed for young girls That said , ca n't we expect or demand that , as Sharon Rowley said , certain things should be completely off limits ? Beth Engelman , a mom of one and co-host of the blog Mommy on a Shoestring , said , "  I do n't care for that family but ... still shame on TMZ for perpetuating the sexualization of this child . " Like Engelman , I do n't quite get why there is such a fascination with this family . So why is this story news ? Because it seems , at least to me , completely outrageous to count down until a young woman turns 18 , almost implying that once her 18th birthday approaches , she is fair game for sexual exploitation and objectification . As one reader said , "  To be glorifying it is just wrong and teaches the wrong idea to people who do n't have common sense . " Or morals . Or respect for women . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Some media sites are counting down until reality star Kendall Jenner turns 18 Women across country say the Jenner countdown is inappropriate and gross Some say it 's fair game for a family always seeking the national spotlight There were similar countdowns for the Olsen twins and Justin Bieber
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A part-time stripper fired from her full-time newspaper job covering Texas high society claims she 's a victim of gender discrimination . Sarah Tressler , 30 , filed a complaint this week asking the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to investigate the Houston Chronicle 's decision to let her go after another paper revealed her second job . Tressler covered high society , general assignments , human interest stories , men 's and women 's fashion and other stories for the newspaper for two months , Tressler said at a Los Angeles news conference Thursday . But she "  very rarely " worked as a dancer , a skill that helped her pay for college , she said . "  Sometimes I would just go in for three hours at a time to get a workout in because stage rotation , if you 're doing it in 7-inch heels , is a really good way to get a workout in , " Tressler said . "  And I did n't have a gym membership . So , on days off I might just go in there in the afternoon and do a couple stage rotations and knock it out . " A rival newspaper , tipped off by an online blog titled "  Diary of an Angry Stripper " she wrote anonymously , published a story about her background in March . She was soon told by an editor that she was fired for not disclosing her dancing experience on her job application , Tressler said . "  There was no question on the form that covered my dancing . I answered the questions on the form honestly . " "  I was very upset that I was fired , because I had been told by many editors that I was doing a good job , " Tressler said . Gloria Allred , a Beverly Hills lawyer known for championing high-profile cases involving women 's rights , is representing her . She called the firing gender discrimination , which is covered by federal law . "  Most exotic dancers are female , and therefore to terminate an employee because they had previously been an exotic dancer would have an adverse impact on women , since it is a female-dominated occupation , " Allred said . The newspaper management remained mum about Tressler 's charge . "  We have not seen the complaint and thus can not comment , " Chronicle spokeswoman Naomi Engel said Thursday . Tressler , who has a master 's degree in journalism , said that when she decided to dance to pay for college , she did n't think it would keep her from pursuing the career she was trying to build . "  Some young women will use dancing as a way to make ends meet while they study to prepare for the career that they hope to be able to have for the rest of their lives , " Tressler said . "  These women should not have to live in fear that once they acquire a position in the career that they have worked hard to achieve , that their past work experience as a dancer will jeopardize that position . " She broke no laws by dancing , Allred said , and it "  does not , has not and will not affect her ability to perform her job as a journalist . " Tressler said has already found a new writing job in Houston for a publication she declined to name . She insisted she has no plan to parlay the media attention into a job covering high society in Los Angeles . "  I really like Houston , " she said .	Woman wants investigation of newspaper 's firing of her for not disclosing she stripped "  I was doing a good job " at the Houston Chronicle , Sarah Tressler says A rival newspaper revealed the background of the high society reporter Firing someone for being an exotic dancer is gender discrimination , lawyer says
CNN  -- One of the world 's largest pulp and paper companies is destroying Indonesia 's rainforests and taking away the habitat of rare animals , environmental group Greenpeace charged Tuesday . The Greenpeace report accuses Asia Pulp and Paper of "  relentlessly trashing rainforests , driving species extinction and , if left unchecked , will threaten Indonesia 's efforts to address climate change . " APP , a division of Sinar Mas , denied the charges levied by Greenpeace , including the alleged expansion of logging operations by 17 million hectares  42 million acres  . "  The allegations are totally illogical and untrue , Asia Pulp and Paper has no plans for the expansions in question , " said Aida Greenbury , an APP spokeswoman , who said the Indonesian government has publicly announced that their quota for pulp and paper is 10 million hectares  25 million acres  by 2014 . "  I urged Greenpeace to do a proper research before putting such allegations " Greenbury added . Sinar Mas , which also has a palm oil arm , has long be a target of Greenpeace efforts to curb deforestation . The environmental group says the land cleared for palm oil plantations , and for pulp and paper products is doing long-term damage to Indonesia 's rainforests and the environment . Greenpeace says a $ 1 billion deal between Norway and Indonesia announced in May to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through a moratorium on logging has a loophole that would allow APP to clear sensitive forest and peatlands . "  Millions of hectares of forests -- including hundreds of thousands of hectares under Sinar Mas control -- are not part of the deal with Norway , " said Bustar Maitar , a Greenpeace Southeast Asia forest campaigner . "  This loophole will undermine all attempts to reduce Indonesia 's emissions . President  Susilo Bambang  Yudhoyono must act immediately by implementing a moratorium on all forest destruction and ensure the protection of peatlands . Only then will we be able to really reduce Indonesia 's GHG emissions . " Indonesia is one of the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases because of rampant clearing and burning of its forests and peat lands for logging and conversion into palm oil plantations . The country has long been a target of harsh criticisms from environmental groups who have accused the government of failing to enforce its own laws . Yudhoyono said in May that Indonesia would "  conduct a moratorium for two years where we stop the conversion of peat land and of forest . " He was joined by Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , who said Norway would provide $ 1 billion to Indonesia to help with the effort to reduce deforestation . "  Indonesia is a key country in terms of reducing deforestation . Therefore this agreement and Indonesia 's commitment is a great step forward in achieving large-scale reductions in greenhouse gas emissions , " Stoltenberg said . Yudhoyono said the halt on new concessions would start in 2010 as part of a broader strategy to reduce the nation 's greenhouse gas emissions by at least 26 percent by 2020 . Deforestation accounts for almost a fifth of total greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change . The Indonesia-Norway partnership to cut emissions is part of a broader international strategy called Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation , or REDD , that would make stored carbon dioxide in tropical forests a commodity that can be bought and sold on the global market .	Asia Pulp and Paper accused of destroying rainforests and habitat APP says Greenpeace should do better research Indonesia is one of the world 's biggest emitters of greenhouse gases due to deforestation
CNN  -- The whole world is watching how Barack Obama picks his cabinet , but he and his wife Michelle have a much more personal choice to make at home -- and it 's very political too . Sasha Obama , left , and Malia Obama will make the White House home come January 20 . When they move to Washington , will their daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , go to public or private school ? For many US parents , that decision is more revealing than the ones they make at the ballot box . What do you think the Obama family should do ? Americans of a certain income who choose public school are demonstrating that they trust the government to educate their children . Americans who send their children to private school are saying that the government has n't earned that trust . In some areas , it 's also been a way for white families to avoid sending their children to school with black children . Republicans tend to favor giving poor families subsidies so they can afford private schools too . Most Democrats , including Barack Obama , are opposed to the idea , because they think it undermines the public school system . It 's not an issue every president faces . George Bush 's twin daughters , Jenna and Barbara , were both college students by the time he took office . The Obamas ' two Democratic predecessors made contrasting choices . Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter 's daughter Amy went to public school . The Clintons ' daughter , Chelsea , went to a private school . In Chicago , the Obama girls have been going to a private school . But now their father is preparing to be president . All around the country , the media are reporting on the story and taking sides too . Some of them have already noted that the president-elect who opposes "  school choice " for the poor has been able to afford it for his own children . This week , Mrs. Obama took the girls to visit some of Washington 's elite private schools , with tuition of about $ 28,000 . In an interview with CBS News , she resorted to the kind of careful phrasing that practiced politicians use to avoid controversy . "  What we have asked people to understand is that the decision that we make will be based on the best interests of the girls . We have n't made that decision yet . We want that to be a personal process , and people have been really good about respecting that . " They ca n't avoid the decision for long . The Obama 's move to Washington in January , just in time for the second half of the school year to begin .	U.S. President-elect Barack Obama takes office in Washington in January Much debate about whether Obama 's daughters will attend public or private school Where parents decide to send children often indicates their views on education Michelle Obama : This is a personal process , we ask that people respect that
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- When I was a child in Adelaide , Australia , I loved games with clear , unambiguous rules ; puzzles that were tough but fair ; and the clean , abstract , simplicity of numbers and symbols . So it is perhaps not surprising that I have been drawn to mathematics for as long as I can remember . For much of my childhood , playing with mathematical problems , equations and facts was one of my favorite activities ; I even went so far as to compete in international high school mathematics competitions , racing to solve tricky sets of problems in a few hours . I still remember the realization in college at Flinders University in Australia that mathematics was not just an abstract game of symbols , but could be used as a tool to analyze and understand the modern world . Why are some statistics trustworthy and some not ? Why are some investment strategies sound , and others risky ? How come a computer can search the entire internet for you in a matter of seconds , but can not read a printed word if it is even just slightly distorted or blurred ? How come our modern array of satellites can tell millions of drivers their location with amazing accuracy , but can not correctly predict the weather a fortnight into the future ? Knowledge of mathematics can answer these questions , and make the world comprehensible and orderly rather than mysterious and capricious . Once I saw the power of this knowledge , and the satisfying feeling when everything "  clicks " and one sees a confusing problem resolve itself into a clear solution , I was hooked for life . I wanted to use mathematics to explore and understand as much of the world as I could . In 1992 , when I was 16 , I moved to the United States to start working on my Ph.D. at Princeton University in New Jersey . I alternated my time between Australia and the United States for many years , but by 1999 I had a permanent job in the United States , on the faculty of UCLA 's Department of Mathematics . By 2002 , I was married to an American -- we were married in the United States -- and last year I became a U.S. citizen  while retaining Australian citizenship  . Of course , my life is more than just my work . I am a husband and a father and a proud citizen of two countries ; my homeland of Australia and my adopted country here in the United States . I identify with them both . I enjoy a good meal , a good vacation or a good movie , much as anyone else would . But mathematics is both my profession and my hobby , and the place where it seems I am best able to make a contribution ; so if I had to answer the question "  Who am I ? " I would have to say , "  a mathematician . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terence Tao	When he was a boy in Australia , Terence Tao says , he loved games , puzzles , math problems Once he realized that math could answer questions about the world , he was hooked , he says At 16 he came to U.S. to study for Ph.D ; split life between U.S. and Australia ; married in U.S. Tao : I 'm husband , dad , citizen of both countries now , but my identity is as a mathematician
Leave it to Kanye . The hip-hop mega star may have had the last word of 2014 . In the waning hours of the year , he released a new song that 's sure to get folks talking . Just not for the reasons we 've come to expect from Kanye West . In place of his usual bombast , "  Only One " boasts a spare arrangement . In it , an AutoTuned Kanye tenderly sings from the perspective of his late mother as she looks down from the heavens and addresses him . "  Hello my only one , just like the morning sun / You 'll keep on rising till the sky knows your name , " the song 's chorus goes . In it , the mother says she talked to God who sent down angels for Kanye . "  You asked for one and you got two " -- a reference to his wife , Kim Kardashian , and their daughter , North . The song ends with the refrain , "  Tell Nori about me . " Nori is North 's nickname . Oh , did we mention , the single also features Paul McCartney . "  Paul played the piano , " tweeted Mike Dean who produced the song . The single is now available on iTunes .	The song boasts a spare arrangement Paul McCartney plays piano on the track , West 's producer says
Washington  CNN  -- An underground transformer fire about two blocks from the White House prompted evacuations of two Washington hotels , fire officials said Saturday night . Flames shot up through a sidewalk on F Street NW between 14th and 15th streets after 8 p.m. , said Pete Piringer , a spokesman for the District of Columbia Fire Department . The historic Willard Intercontinental Hotel and the W Hotel were evacuated and a couple of blocks were without power , Piringer said . The fire was largely contained , he said , and no injuries have been reported .	Two hotels evacuated in downtown Washington during fire Underground transformer apparently caught fire No injuries have been reported .
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has something to say to people contemplating illegal migration to the United States : "  We 'll send you back . " Deportations will begin this week , he said . It 's a message the Obama administration wants to amplify more loudly now that it is wrestling with a huge influx of minors crossing the southern border -- 57,000 in the past nine months . They 're from troubled Central American countries and a lot are unaccompanied and many of those are young children . It 's all overwhelming already stressed immigration services as more and more kids find themselves caught in a bureaucratic limbo and a political firestorm . Reforming an immigration system most in and out of Washington agree is broken is an all-but dead legislative issue in Congress now with midterm elections around the corner . But there is growing pressure on both to address the current influx of minors . Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to fortify the border patrol and strengthen other programs for dealing with those crossing into the United States illegally . But the Republican-led House is not expected to move fast on it and does n't want to give Obama everything he wants . Some say tweaking a 2008 law combating immigrant trafficking might be enough to stem the flow . Overwhelmed facilities The political wrangling is all going on as new arrivals make their way to detention facilities like the one Johnson visited in Artesia , New Mexico . It currently houses about 400 immigrants , with more expected to arrive Friday night . The White House has called the situation a "  humanitarian crisis . " Republicans prefer to call it one of the Obama administration 's making , and blame it for not being prepared and for an underwhelming response . They liken it to the debacle associated with the underwhelming federal response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 that was a nadir for Obama 's Republican predecessor , George W. Bush . But the administration says the influx was unexpected and that inaction by the Republican-led House on a bipartisan immigration reform plan approved by Senate has held up improvements that could be applied in this case . Obama himself resisted calls , predominantly from Texas Gov. Rick Perry and other Republicans , to visit the border during a trip to the Lone Star State this week . He declined , saying that he was working on the problem and was n't interested in "  photo ops . " 7 questions on immigration Johnson , instead , showed up and delivered Obama 's message . "  Our message to those who are coming here illegally , to those who are contemplating coming here illegally : ` We will send you back , ' " Johnson said . "  People in Central America should see and will see that if they make this journey and spend several thousand dollars to do that we will send them back and they will have wasted their money , " he added . The New Mexico facility visited by Johnson opened June 27 at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center . It 's capable of housing 700 people , and is being used now for adults and children who arrive as family units . They are subject to "  expedited removal . " The vexing problem involves unaccompanied children , who have arrived in unprecedented numbers this year from Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala . Many are fleeing violence and other hardships . But others , especially Republicans , tie the influx to Obama 's 2012 decision to ease deportations for children already in the country illegally . Johnson said his agency is working to dispell "  misinformation " by smugglers that the United States is giving a "  free pass " to migrants . "  I think it 's fair to say that a good number of  the migrants at the Artesia facility  were surprised that they were being detained , " Johnson said . "  I think that they expected to be apprehended and simply let go into the interior and they 're surprised they 're being detained and they 're being send back so quickly . " The White House is promising due process , but Obama said on Wednesday that most would likely go back . Obama did meet with those hecklers What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson visits southern border in New Mexico The administration wants to amplify its message that illegal arrivals are mostly going back The stepped up effort comes amid an influx of undocumented minors from Central America New arrivals have overwhelmed border services and ignited new political controversy
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- When Susana Trimarco 's daughter Marita Veron was 23 , she vanished from their hometown in Argentina , a suspected victim of a human trafficking and prostitution ring with links throughout Latin America and Europe . Marita Veron , who is missing , hugs her daughter Micaela . Police believe Marita was forced into sexual slavery . Trimarco , 54 , has spent the past 6 1/2 years searching for her daughter , often putting herself at risk . While chasing down leads on Marita 's whereabouts , she 's entered dark and dangerous brothels and confronted pimps and politicians who , she says , are complicit in her daughter 's disappearance . She has won accolades throughout Latin America , Europe and the United States for her work . But Marita is nowhere to be found . "  Marita is a wonderful and caring girl . My life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe , " Trimarco said . On April 3 , 2002 , Veron left her house in the northern Argentine province of Tucuman early for a doctor 's appointment . She was wearing a turquoise shirt , blue jeans and old white sneakers . As she left the house , she told her mother , "  Do n't worry . I 'll be back soon . " Those were the last words the two exchanged . The investigation that has followed has led police and Trimarco to believe that she was kidnapped and forced into prostitution , either in rural Argentina or Spain . So far , a series of random clues has failed to provide any concrete information on Marita 's whereabouts . Now , art is imitating life on Argentina 's airwaves . Trimarco 's story has become the basis of one of Argentina 's most popular nighttime soap operas , "  Vidas Robadas , " or "  Stolen Lives . " Watch art imitate activism " The program premiered in March on Telefe , one of Argentina 's largest television networks , to a lukewarm response . But as the storyline and characters evolved and word started to spread , the audience grew , and it became water-cooler television . "  Stolen Lives " attracts more than 2 million viewers nightly , a considerable feat considering Argentina 's population is only 40 million . The show 's plot centers on widowed anthropologist Bautista Amaya  played by Facundo Arana  and Rosario Soler  Soledad Silveyra  -- the mother of a young kidnapped girl , based on Trimarco -- who team up to unravel an underground prostitution ring . "  With every performance , I try to display the inner feelings of this woman who is suffering , to transmit her grief , " Silveyra said . "  As an actress , I feel an enormous responsibility . " The usual telenovela themes of love , passion and revenge are ever present in "  Stolen Lives , " but the show strives to expose an issue that has remained in the dark in Argentina until recently . Human rights groups in Argentina estimate that 800 women have gone missing at the hands of human traffickers since 2007 . Worldwide , about 800,000 people are trafficked across borders annually , according to the U.S. State Department . "  I am delighted that the show has been able to bring this topic to light , because no one ever talked about human trafficking in Argentina before , " Trimarco said . "  Stolen Lives " is the latest in a series of recent Argentine telenovelas that dissect important social issues while also aiming to entertain . One of the most important was the 2006 hit "  Montecristo , " which examined crimes against humanity committed by Argentina 's military during the 1970s and 1980s . Local versions of "  Montecristo " are produced in nine countries around the globe , including Turkey , Portugal , Mexico and Russia . "  With these types of telenovelas , we are able to bring something entirely new to the public debate . And because we take a fictional and not a journalistic approach , we are able to attract and keep more viewers , " Telefe programming director Claudio Villarruel said . "  Montecristo " helped reunite children of Argentina 's Dirty War who "  disappeared " with lost family members . The Dirty War happened from 1976-83 , when the government carried out a secret campaign to purge the country of those it considered to be dissidents . "  Stolen Lives " is making a similarly strong impact . Trimarco established a foundation in her daughter 's honor , Fundacion Maria de los Angeles , last year in Tucuman . It counts U.S. Ambassador to Argentina Earl Wayne and Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner among its supporters . According to Trimarco , the foundation has rescued 360 women and children from trafficking networks , and leads on missing people continue to pour in . Argentina passed its first national law against human trafficking this year , a law that Trimarco lobbied hard to get passed . Meanwhile , praise rings from home and abroad . In May , "  Stolen Lives " was declared a show of "  social interest " by the Buenos Aires City legislature . In 2007 , Trimarco received the U.S. State Department 's "  International Women of Courage Award " from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice at a ceremony in Washington . Later this year , Trimarco will travel to Spain to speak about human trafficking with lawmakers from the European Union . "  It 's just like Condoleezza Rice told me : My screams are being heard all over the world , " she said . Trimarco travels around Argentina constantly , educating people about human trafficking , and following up on clues about Marita . She is also raising Marita 's daughter , Micaela , 9 . With all the publicity surrounding the case and the success of "  Stolen Lives , " Trimarco has herself become a target . Her accusations of political and police involvement have led to death threats , she says . Still , she remains committed to the cause and says that collaborating with the producers of "  Stolen Lives " to tell her story has helped give her the strength to continue searching for her daughter . "  I 'm content , because my pain is now serving a purpose , " she said .	Argentine woman vanished in 2002 ; it 's believed she was forced into prostitution ring Argentine soap opera , based on Marita 's mother 's search , probes human trafficking Mom : "  My life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe " Mother Susana Trimarco 's foundation tries to save women , children from sex slavery
Ireland kept alive their Six Nations championship hopes with a narrow 21-18 win over Scotland at Murrayfield Sunday . It leaves them with two wins against one defeat but they owed victory to veteran fly-half Ronan O'Gara , who scored 11 points with a try and three conversions . Recalled to the starting XV to claim his 106th cap , the 33-year-old Munster star inspired the Irish , who also scored first half tries through Jamie Heaslip and Eoin Reddan . Scotland kept in the game thanks to the boot of Chris Paterson , who kicked five penalties and a Dan Parks drop goal , but they have now suffered three defeats and are battling Italy for the wooden spoon . On Saturday , England beat France 17-8 to stay on course for the grand slam with three straight wins and six points , while Wales edged Italy 24-16 in Rome . The win seed Ireland join France and Wales on four points , while Scotland are now staring down the barrel of a likely wooden spoon showdown with Italy having lost three in a row . First half tries from Heaslip and Reddan , both converted by O'Gara , always kept their noses in front , despite Paterson 's usual metronomic kicking . When O'Gara went over under the posts for his try , which he converted , the visitors led 21-9 , but two more penalties from Paterson after the drop goal from Parks set up a nervy finish as Andy Robinson 's men scented a late comeback . But the Irish withstood a late onslaught and O'Gara was delighted . "  It was very tight , but that has been our tournament so far with just one score difference in all three matches , " he told AFP . Ireland next face Wales in Cardiff in two weeks time before entertaining England in Dublin in a match which could decide the championship and the grand slam .	Ireland beat Scotland 21-18 in the Six Nations rugby union at Murrayfield Recalled Ronan O'Gara scores 11 points including second half try Scotland suffer third straight defeat in battle to avoid wooden spoon England lead championship after beating France at Twickenham
CNN  A little more than a minute . That 's all it took for the exchange to turn deadly . The Police Department in Bridgeton , New Jersey , released video this week showing the death of Jerame Reid , 36 , who was shot on the night of December 30 . He was a passenger in a car that got pulled over for allegedly failing to stop at a stop sign . The dashcam video shows what happened next . Officer Braheme Days approaches the passenger side door . He asks how the two men inside the car are doing and identifies himself . The conversation is friendly . Days asks to see a driver 's license . Suddenly , he steps back from the vehicle and pulls his weapon . Days shouts over and over : "  Show me your hands ! ... Do n't you f ****** move ! " He yells at his partner , Roger Worley : "  Get 'em out the car , Rog . We got a gun in this glove compartment . " Days reaches into the car and removes what appears to be a silver handgun . The shouting continues . "  I 'll telling you , I 'm going to shoot you ! You 're going to be f ****** dead ! " screams the officer . "  You reach for something you 're going to be f ****** dead . " And later : "  He 's reaching ! He 's reaching ! " Despite the officer 's entreaties , Reid appears to push his way out of the passenger side door . He gets out of the car with his hands in front of him . Both Days and Worley open fire . Reid drops to the ground . The vehicle 's other occupant did not appear to be injured . He got out of the car , lay on the ground and was handcuffed . A December statement from the local prosecutor 's office did not identify the driver . It said a handgun was revealed and recovered during the stop . Both officers have been placed on administrative leave , and an investigation into the use of deadly force is ongoing , the statement said . Bridgeton Police Capt. Michael Gaimari described Days and Worley as "  very good officers " responsible for "  a lot of key arrests . " Another statement released this week said : "  The Cumberland County Prosecutor 's Office is committed to conducting a thorough , fair and impartial investigation into the police-involved shooting death of Jerame Reid . Requests for the release of additional information while the confidential investigation is ongoing stand in the way of completing a neutral , objective and independent evaluation of the facts . This observation is not unique to this matter . " Gaimari said Days was one of four officers who arrested Reid last August on charges that included resisting arrest , drug possession , intent to distribute and failure to appear . The disposition of the case was not immediately known . In addition , Reid had been arrested six times by Bridgeton police since 2009 on charges of making terroristic threats , harassment , burglary , obstruction , marijuana possession and stalking , according to police records . The disposition of each case is unknown . Police and court records list Reid 's first name as Jerome , but the prosecutor 's office listed it as Jerame . In New Jersey , some local leaders are demanding that the state take over the investigation . "  Jerome put his hand ups , " said Walter Hudson , chairman and founder of the National Awareness Alliance . "  You can see Jerome 's hands are clearly up . " The Police Department reportedly released the video after a public records request was made by the South Jersey Times . Does video of police tell the whole truth ? CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	A New Jersey police officer shoots and kills a passenger in a car The car had been pulled over for allegedly running a stop sign Two officers are on leave after firing on the man , who got out of the car with his hands in front of him
CNN  -- The new era of openness in Burma has spread hope and anxiety among the country 's journalists at home and abroad . This year , many exiled journalists have visited Burma -- which became known as Myanmar under the previous military junta -- while some publications and news organizations , previously based outside the once-reclusive state , have decided to open offices inside the country . This week , our publication The Irrawaddy magazine will hit newsstands in the capital , Yangon , for the first time since it was founded by Burmese exiles two decades ago to provide an independent view of the situation in Burma under the authoritarian regime . Our staff , who secretly worked with us for many years inside the country at considerable risk to themselves , now report from our new offices there . Does this mean the changes here are concrete and promising ? I am cautiously optimistic . Therefore , our strategy now is to keep one foot in and one foot out -- we will maintain our headquarters in Thailand . This is the first time we have received permission to print and distribute the magazine inside the country . It was n't too long ago that it was unthinkable to carry and read such a publication freely in public , let alone distribute it . In the past , we have sent our magazines to Burma using clandestine channels , while our website was blocked inside the country until recently . Since I returned to Burma early this year for the first time in 24 years , I have met many opposition leaders and activists who spent several years in prisons or under house arrest , and they told me they somehow managed to get hold of copies of The Irrawaddy . Win Tin , a leading member of opposition party the National League for Democracy  NLD  , spent 19 years in prison . He told me in February that he sometimes received the magazine while he was under detention in the infamous Insein Prison in the capital -- a facility known for its inhumane conditions and torture of inmates . Tin Oo , co-founder of the NLD and former commander in chief of the armed forces during the 1970s , spoke highly of The Irrawaddy . When I asked him how he knew of it , he replied : "  When I was under house arrest , I received it through a diplomatic channel . I read it again and again , and when military intelligence service came to see me at my house I had to hide it . "  They could double the prison sentence if they saw the magazine , " he added with a chuckle . Burmese officials and several senior leaders whom I met and interviewed in Burma know the magazine -- I sensed mixed feelings as they have a deep-rooted fear as well as respect for the magazine and our website . I remembered General Khin Nyunt , a feared spy chief who ran a torture chamber and kept politicians and activists under lock and key , once publicly told a visiting delegation that they should not read The Irrawaddy . Today , I see the media landscape is changing as reporters enjoy more freedom to cover and report stories that would have been subjected to censorship in the past . I hope these changes are real and irreversible . Since coming to power , President Thein Sein has taken major steps to open up the country . In his early speeches he mentioned the importance of the fourth pillar in society and revealed that both he and his office follow media reports from both inside and outside the country . In August , the Ministry of Information told editors of weekly journals that their outlets "  no longer need to pass the censorship board . " Tint Swe , the head of the country 's Press Scrutiny and Registration Division  PSRD  , added that the easing of restrictions was the result of a change of policy . Journalists who faced pressure and imprisonment in Burma have cautiously welcomed the announcement that they will no longer be required to submit articles to the country 's draconian censorship board . But they are very aware that "  Big Brother " is still there to monitor and watch . The move is not enough to restore media freedom . However , it is safe to say that the government has made a concession after previously shutting down local journals and facing pressure and street protests from journalists . The government still continues to monitor news and bulletins , and the censorship board is still active and has not been abolished . Burma 's 1962 Printers and Publishers Registration Act is still there -- the act was imposed shortly after former dictator General Ne Win seized power . In fact , ever more weekly journals have been facing defamation lawsuits from government officials and businessmen . It is still sensitive to write about corruption cases involving current and former officials , especially when looking at Burma 's relations with North Korea and China . The Ministry of Information still controls publishing licenses and any publication that harms the reputation of a government department can still be reprimanded under the Printers and Publishers Registration Act . Publishers can also face heavy sentences under Burma 's Penal Code if they are found guilty of inciting the public to participate in unlawful activity . Meanwhile , state-owned newspapers still distribute the same propaganda , while a number of former generals in the previous regime own several leading weekly dailies . Their mission appears not about promoting independent journalism and rational debate in this fragile transition period but about making money . Meanwhile , all publications are required to follow guidelines designed to protect the three national causes : non-disintegration of the country , non-disintegration of national solidarity and the perpetuation of sovereignty . Journalists say that the notorious 2004 Electronics Act also remains in place , with many activists , journalists , bloggers and social media commentators behind bars for sending prohibited information , messages or photos through the Internet . Many face between seven and 15 years in jail and may also be liable for a fine . In Burma , most journalists exercise heavy self-censorship , and this will continue . During the wave of sectarian violence in Rahkine state recently , local media appeared wary about reporting on the ongoing violence against Muslim Rohingya populations . Sadly they take a racist and populist editorial stance against this oppressed population . In fact , the media seemed reluctant to criticize the government when police applied excessive force to crack down on peaceful demonstrators and monks during a recent protest at copper mine -- despite widespread condemnation from elsewhere , including Democracy activist and lawmaker Aung San Suu Kyi . There is still a long way to go until Burmese reporters are able to freely write and publish sensitive stories , engage in proper investigative reporting and provide quality journalism in Burma . We 've been waiting for this opportunity to enter Burma , but we know that there are limits . We 're still testing the water . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aung Zaw .	Previously outlawed magazines , newspapers now operating inside Myanmar But Myanmar authorities remain in control of most newspapers , TV and radio Aung Zaw cautiously optimistic about changes ; his publication will retain office in Thailand Journalists still self-censor much of their work out of fear of legal action
Boston  CNN  Bill Richard knew his son was n't going to make it . But the father of three told his wife he could n't stay by 8-year-old Martin 's side . The boy 's body was torn apart by an explosion near the finish line of the Boston Marathon . His skin had changed color . A crowd hovered over him , frantically trying to help , but he was dying . Speaking from the witness stand at Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial on Thursday , Richard told jurors he was faced with a heartbreaking choice . "  I knew in my head that I needed to act quickly , or we might not only lose Martin , " he said . "  We might lose Jane , too . " Moments after the blast , Richard had stumbled toward Jane , his 7-year-old daughter . His pants and sneakers were torn apart . His legs felt like they were on fire . He could barely hear . And the air smelled "  vile , " he said , like gunpowder , sulfur and burned hair . But he soon realized the situation was much worse for his daughter . "  She tried to get up and she fell . That was when I noticed her leg , " he said . "  She did n't have it . It was blown off . " So Richard left one son to die near the marathon finish line , and shielded his other son 's eyes from the carnage as they raced to the hospital , hoping that doctors could save his daughter 's life . "  It was , " Richard said Thursday , "  the last time I saw my son alive -- barely . " Richard 's description of the explosion 's horrifying aftermath capped a day of dramatic testimony as survivors shared their stories in the second day of the high-profile trial . Tsarnaev 's attorneys admit that he carried out the 2013 attacks , which killed three people and injured more than 260 others at the marathon . A fourth person , an MIT police officer , was ambushed and killed in his patrol car three days after the bombings as Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , allegedly ran from police . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was killed after a gunbattle with police . And now , his younger brother sits in court facing 30 federal charges related to the bombings . His attorneys say he was influenced by his slain brother to participate in the attacks . They argued Thursday that now is n't the right time for jurors to hear the string of harrowing stories from survivors of the explosions , arguing that testimony should be part of a later phase of the trial , when jurors will decide what penalty Tsarnaev should face . But the judge sided with prosecutors , who argued the testimony was necessary to support their indictment . On Thursday , jurors relived the moments after the marathon bombings through the eyes of some of the people most affected by the blasts . Defense attorneys did n't ask them any questions . Jeff Bauman was suspicious as soon as he noticed a black backpack on the ground near the finish line . "  I thought it was weird , " he said Thursday . "  If you are at the airport , if you see any unattended luggage , you notify authorities . " But this was Boston , he thought , where stuff like that does n't happen . Still , he told a friend they should move . An explosion came two seconds later . "  I saw a flash , heard like three pops and I was on the ground , " Bauman said from the witness stand Thursday . "  At first I opened my eyes and saw the sky . The first thought was , that was a big firework . " Bauman 's ears were ringing , and everything was muffled , but he heard the screams . The first bomb had exploded . "  I looked down and saw my legs , and it was pure carnage , " he told jurors . "  I could see my bone . " Bauman testified about becoming aware of his injuries -- burns , wounds on his back , and his legs . "  I knew my legs were gone . I know that instantly , " he said . He kept repeating to himself , "  This is messed up , this is messed up , this is messed up . " Then the second explosion . "  We are under attack , " he thought to himself . All he wanted to do was call his mom . When Boston Police Officer Lauren Woods saw people running by , screaming , she ran against the grain , toward Boylston Street , the last leg on the marathon route . One of the first victims Woods came across was Lu Lingzi , a graduate student at Boston University . Lu was vomiting profusely , Woods recalled Thursday . Others were already performing CPR on her , and the officer attempted to clear Lu 's airway . "  I smelled the residue of smoke , " Woods said . "  Smelled like fireworks , cannons . " Paramedics arrived , and eventually told Woods the young woman was not going to make it and they had to move on to other people . Lu became one of the three fatalities at the scene . It smelled like gunpowder , Alan Hern told the jury , and "  kind of felt like we were underwater . " Hern 's wife -- who was pregnant -- was running the race . He found her uninjured , but hysterical from the explosions and ensuing chaos , he said . There were powder marks on her jacket . Hern , a high school football coach , then went searching for his 11-year-old son , Aaron . A figure covered in black soot and hair standing straight up caught Hern 's eye , and he knew it was Aaron , he testified . His son 's left thigh was cratered , mangled flesh and blood , Hern said . "  It was like something you 'd see in a war movie , " he said . "  His eyebrows were singed and his hair was sticking straight up . " Another of Thursday 's witnesses , Roseann Sdoia , also referred to it as something out of a movie . Before she hit the ground from the blast , she said , it registered in her mind that she had lost her leg . "  When I looked down , my leg was tucked under me , but blood was pouring out , " she told jurors . In front of her lay a socked foot . She started thinking -- Did I wear socks today ? She decided she had n't worn socks that day . It was someone else 's foot . "  It was almost like I was starring in a horror movie , " she said , "  as was everybody else around me . " Doctors had to amputate her leg below the knee . Traveling from the marathon finish line to the hospital , Bill Richard went from one terrifying scene to another . "  You know it 's not going to be good when you see the look of horror on doctors ' faces , " he told the court Thursday . "  Jane was devastatingly injured . " Doctors amputated her left leg below the knee and removed more than 20 shrapnel pieces from her body , he said . Richard soon learned that , as he 'd feared , Martin did n't survive the bombing . His wife , Denise , was also hospitalized after the attack . She lost sight in one eye . The father said his own injuries were much less severe than the wounds many other victims suffered . The ringing in his ears never stops , and he lost some of his hearing . But Richard said he could still hear the lawyer questioning him at Thursday 's trial . He can still hear music . And the most important thing . "  I can still hear , " he said , "  the beautiful voices of my family . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta .	Father describes the moment when he realized 8-year-old Martin Richard would n't survive The second day of the Boston Marathon bombings trial is underway Survivor Jeff Bauman recounts how he lost his legs in the attack
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate confirmed Eric Holder as attorney general Monday , voting 75-21 to place him in charge of the Department of Justice . Eric Holder is a former federal prosecutor and served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration . Holder , 58 , is a former federal prosecutor and served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration . His confirmation makes him the first African-American confirmed to the post , though he held the job on an acting basis in early 2001 . Monday 's vote leaves him set to take over a Justice Department battered by a series of controversies during the Bush administration , from questions about how it laid legal groundwork for harsh interrogations of suspected terrorists to the sackings of top federal prosecutors in several cities . "  There 's a big job to do , and it 's going to be Mr. Holder 's duty to turn this department around and restore its credibility , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . During confirmation hearings , Republicans questioned his role in former President Bill Clinton 's widely criticized last-minute pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich and questioned whether he would be independent of the White House . Holder had a testy exchange with the Senate Judiciary Committee 's ranking Republican , Arlen Specter , who questioned Holder 's "  fitness " for the office . Holder shot back that Specter was "  getting close to the line in questioning my integrity , " and Specter ultimately supported the nomination . But Sen. Jim Bunning , R-Kentucky , cited the pardons and what he called Holder 's insufficient support for gun rights in opposing the nomination . "  Mr. Holder is supportive of old ideas for gun control that have never made people safer at the expense of taking away their rights , " Bunning said . Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy pointed out that the chamber 's Republican membership backed Bush administration Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , who was forced out in late 2007 . The GOP also did not condemn the former president 's commutation of the prison term facing ex-White House aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby , who was convicted of obstructing justice and lying to federal agents probing the 2003 disclosure of a CIA agent 's identity . "  I do n't recall any Republicans objecting to that , " said Leahy , D-Vermont . "  Instead , they 're objecting to something President Clinton did . I do n't want to suggest in any way that the objections are partisan , but they certainly are n't consistent . " All 21 of the "  no " votes were Republicans , but more than a dozen GOP senators joined Democrats in confirming Holder . Sen. Christopher "  Kit " Bond , R-Missouri , said Holder convinced him he would be "  looking forward to keeping the nation safe . " Bond , the ranking Republican on the Intelligence Committee , raised concerns that the administration would seek to prosecute U.S. officials involved in using what the Bush administration called "  alternative " interrogation techniques , measures critics said involved the torture of prisoners in U.S. custody . Holder unambiguously called the use of waterboarding against suspected terrorists a form of torture that violated the Geneva Conventions , but he has said that prosecuting intelligence officials who followed Justice Department guidance would be "  difficult . " Bond said that while Holder 's answer focused on U.S. officials who were following the administration 's legal advice , "  I told him , and I believe he understood , that trying to prosecute these lawyers or political leaders would generate a political firestorm . "	Eric Holder is a former federal prosecutor , deputy attorney general Holder takes over a Justice Department battered by controversies He is first African-American confirmed to the post
Going Global showcases entrepreneurs taking their businesses around the world , tackling issues like business strategy , marketing and international logistics . Business Insider  When Zendesk CEO Mikkel Svane first came up with the idea of Zendesk , a customer service software that 's now worth $ 1.7 billion , everyone thought it was boring . But when he shared the vision for his product -- a web-based , on-demand platform where companies can build relationships with customers -- his boring idea suddenly became sexy . Business Insider : The App That 's Like SnapChat For Business Goes After Bigger Companies He shares his thinking behind his idea in his recent book , "  Startupland . " He writes , "  Sexy stuff sometimes happens when you make mundane things easy and accessible . Any aspect of democratization is a good thing . " Business Insider : This 27-Year-Old CEO Struggled Through School -- Now He 's Raised $ 59 Million To Change Education For example , he says the old FTP file sharing platform does n't sound all that fun , but Dropbox and Box made file-sharing sexy with better features and design . Retail credit card payment is n't all that exciting , but Square made it cool , too . Because of Amazon 's Jeff Bezos , the boring idea of taking bookstores online turned into a massive overhaul of the world of commerce , he says . Business Insider : HP 's First Black Professional In Computers Explains Why Tech Lacks Racial Diversity Svane also shares some of his trade secrets from working in the customer support field . Here are three of the "  most unlikely tricks " he learned : Make it personal , and mistakes are OK : Emails that were perfectly crafted did n't generate much response , he says . Instead , when spelling errors or simple sentences were used , people would respond more often . "  People realized it was n't an automated email but a message from a real person -- and they responded to that . " Women get more responses : When early employee Michael Hansen used his male name , he did n't get a lot of responses . But once he changed his name to Josephine , the response rate shot up . It might be because most IT people are male , but for some reason , female names work better . It 's all about the conversation : It does n't really matter what you talk about , but just having a real conversation helps in terms of response rates . "  We could quickly see a direct correlation between response rates to our emails and conversions to customers , " he writes . Copyright © 2015 Business Insider .	According to Mikkel Svane , CEO of customer service software Zendesk , a boring business idea can become sexy Sexy stuff happens when mundane processes are streamlined and simplified , he says Tricks to excel in the customer support field include sparking real conversations and being unafraid of mistakes
CNN  -- Puffing on electronic cigarettes is already a no-no on flights , but the government wants there to be no doubt . The Department of Transportation is proposing to explicitly ban the use of the devices on planes . "  Airline passengers have rights , and this new rule would enhance passenger comfort and reduce any confusion surrounding the use of electronic cigarettes in flight , " said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . Electronic cigarettes look like the real thing , but they 're actually battery-operated devices that turn nicotine into a vapor that is inhaled by the user , according to the FDA . They 're a potential cause for concern because "  there is a lack of scientific data and knowledge of the ingredients in electronic cigarettes , " the DOT said . But the Tobacco Vapor Electronic Cigarette Association criticized the move , insisting that the devices only emit water vapor . "  It makes absolutely zero sense , " said Ray Story , the group 's CEO . "  It only gives the smoker a dosage of nicotine , but it does n't do anything else to the innocent bystander . ... I have sat next to people who wore a particular type of cologne that was far more intrusive than what this particular product is . " The DOT believes its current ban on smoking of tobacco products is broad enough to include electronic cigarettes , but wants to eliminate any confusion . Some airline passengers have been "  vaping " on planes , convinced that the devices are exempt from the ban . In July , a Sandy , Utah , man was arrested after an altercation that began when he started using an electronic cigarette on board a Southwest Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Salt Lake City . The story prompted hundreds of comments from CNN.com readers , many defending electronic cigarettes and arguing they 're a smoke-free way to provide relief for passengers suffering from nicotine withdrawals during a flight . "  The problem is not with the people using this device , but with the people around them who are psychologically affected by the fact that it LOOKS like a cigarette and someone is sucking on it , " one commenter wrote . But others worried about the safety of using the devices at 35,000 feet , as well as their health effects on others . "  I sat next to someone who was e-smoking and it 's impossible to contain all of the nicotine mist . I do n't want to breathe that stuff and should n't have to sit next to someone on a plane who is spewing chemically loaded mist . Get a patch or nicotine gum if your addiction is that bad , " a commenter wrote . The DOT 's proposed rule would apply to all U.S. and foreign airlines on scheduled flights to and from the United States . Officials are also considering whether to extend the ban on smoking to charter flights . Amtrak has already banned the use of e-cigarettes on trains and in any area where smoking is prohibited , the DOT said , and the U.S. Navy does n't allow them below decks in submarines . The government will accept public comments on the proposal until November 14 .	Government proposes to explicitly ban the use of electronic cigarettes on planes E-cigarettes look like the real thing , but they 're actually battery-operated devices There 's been confusion whether they 're covered by the DOT 's ban on smoking Some airline passengers have been "  vaping " on planes despite the ban
The Frisky  -- This week Joaquin Phoenix went on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " -- clean-shaven and once again good-looking -- to apologize for the stunt he pulled when he appeared on the show in character for the flick "  I 'm Still Here . " Joaquin assured us that Letterman was not in on the joke . But it got us thinking -- why is "  Letterman " the place celebrities go to unleash their crazy ? Do they drug stars in the green room ? Or does David make people feel so uncomfortable that they let out their inner freak ? Who knows ? But we rounded up the 10 most insane David Letterman interviews in our recent memory . The Frisky : 9 celebrities try to explain why they cheated 1 . Wacky Joaquin Starting , of course , with Joaquin 's February 2009 interview , during which he revealed that he was retiring from acting and embarking on a rap career . His shaggy beard , sunglasses at night , one-word answers to questions , and overall twiggy , skittish behavior had us seriously worried . 2 . Drew flashed Dave Drew Barrymore seems so together these days that it 's easy to forget that she was once a total mess . Case in point : her 1995 interview with Letterman . It 's hard to believe that she was n't on anything when she revealed that her birthday usually makes her nauseous and talked about how liberating stripping is . Then Drew jumped on the desk and proceeded to flash Dave . 3 . Madonna made us cringe A year earlier , Madonna made quite a spectacle of herself on "  Letterman . " After berating Dave for being so interested in her sex life and calling him a "  sick -LSB- expletive -RSB- , " she said , "  Are n't you going to smell them ? I gave him my underpants and he wo n't smell them . " This was during her Goth phase , when she was rocking black hair and combat boots , and more attitude . The Frisky : 12 celebs who deny getting breast implants despite radical pics 4 . Farrah was acting weird In 1997 , Farrah Fawcett appeared on the cover of Playboy and did a Pay-Per-View special called "  All of Me . " And she made an appearance on "  David Letterman , " which she was late for because there were "  people , lots of people . " She revealed that she and her mother had to have conceived on the same day , since their children have the same birthday . But the best moment was when she got totally confused and paused for a while . "  Wow . I really thought I was looking out the window , " she said , before giggling compulsively . 5 . Crispin 's awkward interview Crispin Glover was so cute and innocent in "  Back to the Future . " But he ruined it all when he appeared on "  Letterman " in 1987 to promote his movie "  River 's Edge . " And it was n't just the bad wig , '70s shirt , striped pants , and platform shoes that turned the world off . "  I 'm a movie star , " he declared , awkwardly . Then he challenged David to an arm-wrestling match . The Frisky : 10 stars with bad body habits 6 . Paris squirmed In 2007 , Paris Hilton went on "  Letterman " after her stint in the slammer and the whole thing was just uncomfortable . "  How 'd you like being in jail ? " David asked , just a few seconds in . "  Not too much , " she replied . Yes , he also asked about the food . "  It 's not supposed to be good -- it 's jail , " she said . 7 . Cher was defensive Is n't it weird that Cher looks younger now  see the recent MTV VMA show , anyone ?  than she did in her 1986 "  Letterman " interview ? For her 1996 appearance , she kept her hands firmly across her chest . When David asked why she refused to come on the show for years and then relented , Cher explained , "  I want to pay my hotel bill . I have a huge hotel bill . I thought I 'd come on and see what this guy is like . " So what did she think ? "  You 're an -LSB- insert a not-so-nice-name for ` jerk ' -RSB- . " 8 . Courtney pulled a "  Drew " Nearly a decade later , Courtney Love went on "  Letterman " wearing almost the same ensemble that Drew Barrymore sported on the show . Before she even sat down , she flashed him . Then she did it again and again , before falling off a chair . "  I learned how to flirt from watching David Letterman flirt with Sandra Bernhard . It has been the crisis of all my dysfunctional relationships ever since , " she said . Yowch . The Frisky : 13 Hollywood guys who fell for regular gals 9 . Andy Kaufman 's big joke Andy Kaufman is n't known for his straight interviews . In 1982 , he appeared on "  Letterman " with wrestler Jerry Lawler . Why ? Because part of Kaufman 's shtick was wrestling women , and as such , Lawler challenged him to a match . During the interview , Lawler slaps Kaufman , which leads to a tirade worthy of a "  Real Housewife . " We 'll never know if this whole bit was staged . 10 . Borat bombed We know what to expect from Sacha Baron Cohen when he 's in character as Borat , but David Letterman did n't seem prepared . Seems he thought he was getting an interview with Sacha proper . When David asked about Sacha 's wife , he was no doubt referring to Isla Fischer . But Sacha responded , "  My wife is dead . High five . When I buy my wife , she was very nice , she cook good , she was strong on plow . But after three years when she was 15 , her voice got deep and she grow much hair on chest . " David was not amused . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Why is "  Letterman " the place celebrities go to unleash their crazy ? Drew Barrymore flashed the late-night host in her 1995 interview Cher said she only came on the show in order to pay her huge hotel bill
CNN  -- Daniel Agdag works with a limited arsenal of tools : a surgical scalpel , some cardboard , every so often a circular cutter and lots of glue . But from that humble toolkit , he makes sculptures that are mind-bendingly complex . For the past 10 years , the Melbourne , Australia artist has been building intricate cardboard sculptures in the form of whimsical flying machines and rickety roller coasters . They look like pencil sketches brought to life , and with good reason . Long before Agdag began crafting his cardboard pieces , he was drawing them in his notebook . He 'd sketch crazy roller coasters and off-beat architectural structures . One day he visited his neighbor  an architect  , who showed him models made from boxboard . "  I said , ` Can I have some of that cardboard , ' and from there I started creating my roller coasters , " he recalls . "  All of a sudden what was on the page became this really elaborate 3-D sculpture . " It was n't all of a sudden , of course . Constructing the piecesis a painstaking process that typically takes one to three months . Nowadays , Agdag has enough experience to forego the sketching process and build as he goes . He 'll think up some strange contraption and simply begin cutting pieces of cardboard and piecing them together with AVP glue . He prefers working with the scalpel  "  I go through four or five a day , " he says  and uses only three gauges of board : 1mm , .8 mm and .2 mm . Many of Agdag 's pieces are marvel of balance . In one , a crepe-like balloons balances on top of fragile unicycle . In another a house sits high on a system of thin-as-toothpick scaffolding . Each of these pieces has glue , yes , but they also have built-in structural integrity , much in the way an architect uses hidden elements to build a robust building . This requires a huge amount of trial and error . "  I have to make it and tear it apart and then throw it away and start again , " he says . "  It 's very much like drawing and rubbing out -LSB- erasing -RSB- . So even though they 're technically sculptural , I feel like they 're drawings in cardboard . " For now , the sculptures are moderately sizedâ $ " they range from around 20 to 30 inches tall . But Agdag has plans to make them even bigger . He has an idea to make a DC9 plane with a 7Ã -- 10 meter wingspan . "  I want to make all the ribs , all the componentry , the skeletal structure all the way through , " he says . "  It 's going to take a lot of cardboard . " Read more from WIRED : Why are we so fat ? The multimillion-dollar scientific quest to find out Unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies Someone reinvented the butter knife and it is amazing How to fix your iPhone 's annoying autocorrect Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Daniel Agdag has spent the last years making sculptures out of cardboard Principles of Aviation , his most recent exhibition , features fantasy flying machines His skips the sketching process , and builds as he goes
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When a downtrodden Tunisian street vendor set himself on fire in protest after his vegetable cart was confiscated by officials , this desperate act of self-sacrifice was seen as a catalyst for a revolution that became known as the Arab Spring . Contrast this with China , where almost 80 people -- men and women -- have self-immolated since 2009 in protest against Beijing 's poor treatment of Tibet , according to rights groups . Yet details of these cases are often sketchy and difficult to verify , such is the stranglehold China has over the region . As a result the issue has yet to gain real traction internationally . Beijing has consistently rejected claims it is guilty of oppression in the region and insists Tibetans enjoy religious freedom and better living standards under its rule . Yet the self-immolations continue . This week , a 34-year-old father of two burned himself to death in front of a mine in the western province of Gansu , while another 25-year-old man set himself alight near a monastery in neighboring Qinghai province -- which borders Tibet , known by China as the Tibet Autonomous Region . Both cases were confirmed by China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . According to the Tibetan government-in-exile and Tibetan rights groups , the victims died chanting slogans calling for freedom for the Tibetan people and the return from exile of their spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama . This brought the number of deaths by self-immolation to 15 in November alone -- the same month that China 's political elite ushered in its next generation of leaders during the 18th Party Congress . In their keynote addresses , leaders , both old and new , appeared to strike a conciliatory tone . In his first speech as Communist Party leader last week , Xi Jinping stressed the need for unity in a country where the Party was becoming too distant from the people . This followed predecessor Hu Jintao 's comments to Congress delegates that the Party "  should consolidate and develop socialist ethnic relations of equality , unity , mutual assistance and harmony so that all ethnic groups in China will live and develop together in harmony . " But activists warn that if the Chinese government continues to tighten its grip on the Tibetan people in the name of stability , it will only create more resentment . They point to the growing list of young victims prepared to take such extreme action , which they say reflects a desperate and painful state of mind for many . The Tibet Autonomous Region is heavily policed by Chinese security forces , with Internet content controlled by local authorities and access by foreign media largely prohibited , making reliable information almost impossible to come by . Pro-Tibetan groups such as the International Tibet Network , say thousands of people have died over the years under China 's tenure , through torture , execution , suicides and starvation -- though CNN can not verify these claims . The groups also claim Tibetans have gradually become the minority population in their own homeland , as Han Chinese -- China 's main ethnic group -- have migrated to the region . London-based Free Tibet says the construction of a rail link to Tibet 's capital , Lhasa , in 2006 -- part of China 's Western Development Strategy  WDS  -- was intended to cement its control over the restive western regions of China , particularly Tibet and Xinjiang , where separatism remains strong . "  The incidents are a clear indication of the genuine grievances of the Tibetans and their sense of deep resentment and despair over the prevailing conditions in Tibet , " Tibetan leader in exile , Lobsang Sangay , said earlier this year . His government-in-exile has repeatedly called on the international community to intervene to prevent further bloodshed . Chinese authorities insist that self-immolations are isolated incidents and most Tibetans do not sympathize with or support such actions . A senior official from Sichuan , a province with a large Tibetan population that has seen the most self-immolation cases so far , says he knows exactly who 's to blame -- the Dalai Lama : the man Beijing calls a "  terrorist . " "  They plot , incite and instigate -- the root cause for such acts is the Dalai Lama clique , " Li Changping told CNN . "  His loyalists have called those who committed self-immolation national heroes or freedom fighters , vowing to build them monuments and rewarding their families with lots of money . " The Dalai Lama has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence , saying he wants only an autonomy that would offer protection for their traditional Buddhist culture . During an address to Japanese lawmakers in Tokyo earlier this month , he blamed "  narrow-minded Communist officials " for seeing Buddhist culture as a threat . He then called on Chinese authorities to investigate and address the causes of the recent surge in self-immolations . "  I always ask the Chinese government : Please , now , thoroughly investigate . What is the cause of these sort of sad things ? " Beijing 's claim over the region is rooted in history . It says Tibet has been a part of China since the 13th century , when the Mongol empire , which conquered China and formed the Yuan dynasty , also conquered Tibet . Western and central parts of Tibet are administered by China as the Tibet Autonomous Region , while eastern parts of the region fall under China 's Sichuan , Qinghai , Yunnan and Gansu provinces . After several decades of de facto independence beginning in 1912 , Tibet was over-run by China 's People 's Liberation Army in 1950 to enforce the newly-formed People 's Republic of China 's claim of sovereignty over Tibet . In 1959 , thousands of Tibetans surrounded the Dalai Lama 's palace in Lhasa â $ " the Tibetan capital -- to protect him against what was rumored to be a plot by the Chinese military to abduct him . The gathering turned into an all-out revolt against Chinese rule , which was suppressed by the PLA . The Dalai Lama fled to India , where he has remained in exile ever since . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Two more Tibetans self-immolated in the past week in protest against Chinese rule Almost 80 people have set themselves alight in China since 2009 , rights groups say China says its rule has brought economic stability to the Tibetan people Activists warn China 's tightening grip on the Tibetan people is creating more resentment
CNN  -- One of the most popular singers of the 1950s , Eddie Fisher , has died . He was 82 . Fisher died of complications from hip surgery Wednesday , his family said . "  Late last evening the world lost a true America icon . Eddie Fisher , 82 , one of the greatest voices of the century passed away in Berkeley , CA due to complications and a decline in health from a recent hip surgery , " his family members said in a statement . "  He was loved and will be missed by his four children : Carrie , Todd , Joely , and Tricia Leigh as well as his six grandchildren . He was an extraordinary talent . " Eddie Fisher : His life and times Although Fisher sold millions of records and had his own television show , his biggest claim to fame may be his high-profile marriages to Hollywood starlets Debbie Reynolds , Elizabeth Taylor and Connie Stevens -- all of which ended in divorce . The marriage of Eddie Fisher and Elizabeth Taylor He had two more marriages after that . Fisher also co-starred in the films "  Bundle of Joy " and "  Butterfield 8 " . Among his four children , Carrie Fisher and Joely Fisher were actresses . Fisher has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , one for recording and the other for TV . Carrie Fisher said recently on the micro-blogging website Twitter that her father had just undergone hip surgery .	He died from hip surgery complications , family says He is best known for marriages to celebrities , including Debbie Reynolds and Elizabeth Taylor He is also the father of actress Carrie Fisher
CNN  Golden beaches and grand hotels can all be found in Mauritius , but there is much more to this island paradise . The country , located some 500 miles east of Madagascar , has been attracting global investors for decades . But there is also a healthy local appetite for business development -- one of the many reasons the country has been hailed as an African success story . One company demonstrating this entrepreneurial drive is fresh food suppliers SKC Surat . "  My father Sooklall Surat , started as a farmer with one hectare of land , " says Suren Surat , who is now CEO of the company his father founded sixty years ago . "  The land was next to our house , where we lived . My father was the first grower at that time , the pioneer for growing strawberries and artichokes in Mauritius . " Suren Surat has been part of the company from the beginning . The family had enough offspring to start a cricket squad , but the team dedicated its efforts towards business success . As a kid , Surat would get up early to help his father on the small farm before going to school . "  Whatever he was growing , people were coming to buy in our garden , wholesale ... So my father decided to go retail , " Surat remembers . Shift to retail The family 's first stall was in Curepipe market in the country 's highest town . It was here , not far from the famous extinct volcanic crater "  Trou aux Cerfs " , that the family business started to really grow . Lychees , pineapple and mangoes all bloom in Mauritius ' tropical climate , but the weather stops oranges , apples , and plums from sprouting . When Sooklall Surat started importing foreign fruit , others followed suit . Import/Export Sooklall 's brother Shyam focused on selling fresh produce from abroad , attracting customers with foreign tastes . He built a busy operation , but the fast flow of goods did n't stop the family monitoring the fruits and vegetables . "  We say you need to be able to talk to the fresh produce -- this is the success of the business , " says Suren Surat . ` Work is work ' Estimates say the Mauritian economy grew by 3.5 % in 2014 and will top 4 % in 2015 -- impressive statistics in a country which the World Bank says does a better job of supporting business than Japan , France and Spain . In such a competitive market , guts , good relations and hard work are essential . Suren says that the business keeps the family together , with different members taking control of areas like import and distribution . "  We 've seen many local companies , Mauritius companies , who are family business who split , " says Suren Surat . "  But luckily I have to say our grandparents , our mother , father have taught us how to manage . " The company 's next leaders will have to do more than manage the fresh produce . Recently , the family started the islands ' first dairy , and is soon to open its sixth supermarket franchise . It 's all part of the strategy to keep things fresh on the island that is home to over 1.3 million people . "  The future is very very important , " says Shyam Surat . "  I would advise any people , mainly in Africa or this part of the islands , to grow more fruit and veggies . And this is the future because people have to eat . " More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Top 10 : Africa 's ` Cities of Opportunity ' Read this : South Africa 's plums blossom into big business Editor 's Note : CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations .	Mauritius ' fresh fruit and veg market leader started on a small hold farm These days the firm 's distribution center can hold 1,300 tons of fresh fruit and vegetables The family started the islands ' first dairy , and will open its sixth supermarket franchise
CNN  -- Manned space missions bring with them a plethora of challenges to keep astronauts alive and healthy , especially on long-duration space missions . Astronauts need to breathe , eat , drink , excrete their food and drink , and be kept free of infections to stay healthy enough to do their job . The key to an astronauts ' wellbeing has been found , somewhat contradictorily , to be a group of tiny organisms -- bacteria . You might think of space as a germ-free environment , but microbes can be carried to space inside human gut flora as well as in food and water and once up there , can be expelled by humans in their breath . According to NASA , immune systems weaken during space flight , making the impact of infection even greater . What 's more , the weightless microgravity environment of space can alter bacteria as they grow . Recent work by Cheryl Nickerson and her team from Arizona State University and her NASA collaborators discovered that certain bacteria become more virulent in space , meaning they become better at causing disease . "  Salmonella bacteria become more potent , virulent and are more able to cause disease , " says Nickerson . "  They also become more resistant to factors such as the acid in your stomach . " Nickerson 's group is investigating a range of bacteria found in food , water and our gut flora , including Salmonella typhimurium , a common cause of food poisoning and diarrhea , and Pseudomonas aeruginosa , which is a known water contaminant . ` War with microorganisms ' As astronauts spend longer periods of time in space , their increased exposure to recycled air and water is likely to affect their risk of infection . Mark Ott is one the people in charge of crew health at NASA and focuses on keeping microbes at bay . "  We 're at a constant war with microorganisms because they adapt , " he says . "  The stressful environment of spaceflight affects them and under stress your immune system also functions less effectively and we have to take precautions for this . " Reduced immunity can cause some bacteria , such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa , to cause illness despite normally being carried by many of us with no effect . "  However , not all microorganisms are bad and so the key is to understand how they change and impact us , " explains Ott , who also found that the infectious bacteria Staphylococcus aureus , which causes a range of symptoms from boils to food poisoning , may not increase in virulence like Salmonella in microgravity . By understanding the changes in Salmonella and other disease-causing bacteria in microgravity , Nickerson hopes to not only keep crew healthy but also help humans down on Earth through the development of drugs and vaccines . "  Infections are becoming harder to treat ; we have no vaccine for Salmonella food poisoning and it remains -LSB- one of -RSB- the leading cause of bacterial food-borne illness worldwide , " states Nickerson . Spaceflight opens up a new world of research that ca n't take place on Earth and Nickerson has unmasked key changes in the behavior of genes in the bacteria which are n't usually seen under gravity . "  Vaccines are about identifying targets and in microgravity the bacteria have unmasked themselves and revealed secrets to help develop therapeutics . " Sustaining life in space The research is in its early stages but it 's just one example of how bacteria are being investigated by space agencies . Far from just a health hazard , bacteria could be used to help sustain astronauts in space , as a source of food and oxygen . "  The major advantage to using bacteria is the size of them , " explains Christophe Lasseur , coordinator of life support research and development at the European Space Agency  ESA  . "  For space missions the mass of oxygen , food , and water is high and not compatible with current launch technologies . A crew of six to Mars would need over 30 tons . " Lasseur directs the MELLiSSA programme at ESA , which aims to develop a regenerative life-support ecosystem for use on board spacecraft . "  We need to recycle everything for an ecosystem that can sustain human life , " says Lasseur . The team wants to recycle 80 % of all mass on board , including carbon dioxide , which can become toxic if allowed to build up . Key algae and bacteria can mop up carbon dioxide and in turn release oxygen to enable astronauts to breathe . "  We have approached this molecule by molecule , first oxygen , then water and now food , which is more complex , " says Lasseur . The chosen range of bacteria not only utilize carbon dioxide but can also harness other human waste products , such as urine and feces -- a win-win given their growth results in food for the astronauts . Eating bacteria grown on urine may not sound like a delicacy , and it is n't , which is why psychology also comes into play . "  Our most advanced work is using spirulina as this has been used as a protein source for many centuries and in many countries , making it much more psychologically acceptable , " explains Lasseur . Spirulina is a cyanobacterium found in many salt water lakes and is consumed readily by lake communities . The edible bacterium is also marketed as a health supplement . In the search for bacteria that feed on our food waste , Lasseur 's team discovered a hidden gem that has an additional medical benefit -- helping to fight cholesterol . "  We were looking for bacteria which use a lot of carbon and nitrogen as there 's a lot of this in waste disposal , " states Lasseur . The resulting use of Rhodospirillum rubrum led to a nutritious product found to produce significantly lower levels of cholesterol in mice and will soon be marketed by spin-off company EzCOL BV , which is in talks with big pharma . This bacterium has been by-passed in favor of more nutritious alternatives for consumption by astronauts but the research to get there has borne beneficial fruit for those of us not venturing up into space . As for the astronauts , Mars missions could be a reality in the , albeit distant , future . And when the day comes , crews could depart feeling confident of reaching the red planet well fed , watered and free of infection .	A key challenge of manned space missions is keeping crews healthy Bacteria such as Salmonella become more virulent infections in space The properties of bacteria in space can be harnessed to develop vaccines against them Bacteria could provide food , drink and oxygen on board spacecraft
The Frisky  -- Let 's face it -- we 've all got issues and sometimes need multiple attempts to surmount emotional obstacles . But some of us are better at dealing with them than others and , we argue , women are often better at working through emotional problems than men . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 In the last few years of dating , we 've come across 10 types of "  emotionally stunted " guys -- adult men who may otherwise be awesome but for some reason never matured emotionally . These dudes are stuck in emotional "  playpens " preventing them from forming healthy  and intimate  adult relationships and where the women in their lives are in the position of either pushing them around like toddlers in a baby carriage or screaming "  Get up and walk on your own ! " before heading out the door . Usually , emotional immaturity is n't obvious right away . In the first few weeks and months of dating , as our best selves are presented , we 've found ourselves thinking , Finally , a guy who is n't emotionally stunted ! He 's a MAN -- not a man-CHILD ! But at some point , the curtain is pulled back just like in the "  Wizard of Oz " and , yup , his emotional issues are right there . The Frisky : 12 stars posing using hands as bras Do n't get us wrong : Women can be emotionally stunted too . But we have found that the emotionally stunted man-child will have one of two  immature  responses when the issue is brought to his attention : 1 . "  Nuh uh ! I 'm not emotionally stunted ! You 're the one with the problem , meanie ! " 2 . "  This is who I am and I like being this way . Take it or leave it ! " To which we reply , "  Smell ya later . " And so should you . Here is our roundup of the top 10 types of emotionally stunted men  often seen in combination  , the kind of women they 're after , and what they need more than you coddling them a second longer . 1 . The Addict : Oy . Where to begin . Here 's the important thing to remember : The Addict will ALWAYS be looking for a high . ALWAYS . Even if he is sober from drugs/alcohol/gambling / food , if he has n't done "  the work , " he may get hooked on you . The Frisky : 25 signs he is not relationship material The woman he wants : Someone who gets him high . He 's looking for a feeling . Maybe it 's the married woman , his crush from high school he never thought he would get , or the ex he dumped years ago . It 's all about the thrill for him . And once that thrill wears off ... he 's jonesing for the next . What he really needs : To work through his co-dependency issues and learn how to cope with life on his own before involving anyone else . 2 . The Mama 's Boy : The most important relationship a guy can have is with his mother . That 's why it 's bad news if that relationship has gone wrong in some way . The Mama 's Boy compares all women to his mother . Whether he hates her or is obsessed with her , he is blind to the fact that he is replaying his relationship with his mom with every woman he gets involved with . The Frisky : A dress made for Coco 's assets The woman he wants : Someone who is exactly like his mother or exactly the opposite , depending on the nature of the dysfunction . If his mom was coddling and overprotective , he may want you to change his diaper and wipe his nose . If his mother abandoned him , he may be looking for a clingy lady . If his mother expected him to be "  the man of the family , " he may be looking for a woman who is helpless and needs taking care of . You get the picture . What he really needs : To realize that you are NOT his mother . And , more importantly , to understand the relationship dynamic with his mother . If he has issues to work out with her , he needs to do it before he invites another woman into his life . The Frisky : 7 things guys say that spell trouble 3 . The Flounderer : He 's unhappy in his career , either because he has n't advanced as much as he thought he would have or it 's not what he wants to be doing , period . The woman he wants : Someone to motivate him and stroke his ego all the time because he 's not getting that kind of love in the workplace . What he really needs : To go after what he wants hard and on his own initiative instead of whining to you about it all the time The Frisky : Joe Francis and 9 celeb players who settled down 4 . The Insecure Narcissist : Initially , this gentleman comes off as exceedingly confident -- he thinks he 's the best at his job , takes good care of his appearance , and is often the life of the party . But he also can not take a joke at his expense , overstates how successful he is , and is never happy for anyone who 's doing "  better " than him -- including the woman he 's with . The woman he wants : Someone who wo n't ever challenge him or give him grief , even as a joke . If she does , he 'll find her insecurities and go at them with a hacksaw , so she 's brought down to his level , making him feel better about himself in comparison . What he really needs : To stop pretending like he 's God 's gift to the world and be OK being vulnerable , and realize that he 's not fooling anyone with that act anyway . The Frisky : 8 celebs swindled by their own families 5 . The Career Obsessive : Here 's the thing about dudes : They are not all that great at multi-tasking , but The Career Obsessive is the worst of the lot . His sole goal in life is to rise to the top and it 's not until he gets there that he 'll actually be emotionally available . The woman he wants : Someone who understands that being successful is the most important thing in the world -- so long as SHE is not more successful than him -- and will reward his hard work in the office with sexual favors at home whenever he 's got a spare moment . The opposite of The Hero -LSB- see No. 6 below -RSB- , he wants someone who does not need him emotionally at all . What he really needs : To realize that a fulfilling life is all about balance and an amazing career does n't keep you warm at night . The Frisky : 10 famous female cheaters 6 . The Hero : He loves to date a basket case , a woman who 's got many issues for him to help her overcome -- but that 's only so he can avoid dealing with his own . Once she 's more stable , the skeletons in his emotional closet emerge and he has to find someone new to save instead . The woman he wants : A woman who "  needs " him and makes him feel strong , capable , manly , and , most of all , NOT CRAZY in comparison . What he really needs : To find a therapist who can hold up a mirror and show him that his own problems should take top priority . 7 . The Tragic Tom : Tragedy has befallen him and he has n't been able to recover . While being sympathetic to this guy 's plight is understandable , trying to save him is a waste of time . The woman he wants : A woman who will see his gooey marshmallow center underneath that hardened edge and will exhaust herself trying to save him from himself . What he really needs : To gain perspective and to learn , on his own , that bad things happen to everyone in some form and the best you can do is move forward in your life with lessons learned . The Frisky : Why these celebrities decide to cheat 8 . The Commitment Phobe : This guy pretends to be happy on his own , living large as a bachelor , just like his hero George Clooney , but he 's actually just terrified of letting a woman get to know the real him . The woman he wants : Someone who will never expect their relationship to evolve past the casually dating stage , who will never expect to meet his parents or even necessarily his friends , and wo n't want to talk about pesky things like feeeeelings . What he really needs : To face his insecurities head on , so he can figure out what he 's so scared of showing to other people and to get over it . The Frisky : 12 celebs who 've denied getting breast implants 9 . The Eternally Brokenhearted : He has n't gotten over the chick who broke his heart and he holds what she did against every other woman he dates in subtle ways . The woman he wants : Someone who reinforces his anger at his ex by committing the same "  sins " she did . That way he can punish her for his ex 's actions . Unfortunately for both of them , he 'll never be able to work through his anger completely with that kind of black-and-white attitude in which he 's the sole victim . What he really needs : To find closure with the woman who "  wronged him , " but not necessarily through confrontation . Rather , he needs to look at the demise of the relationship objectively so he 's forced to acknowledge his role and can move forward in a new relationship with no  or minimal  baggage . The Frisky : 8 celebs who were Hooters girls 10 . The Eeyore : Thanks for noticing him , the dull , pathetic , dude in the corner who is not actually dull and pathetic . He just has the worst attitude of all time . He 's always whining about something . Every day is a bad day . Nothing ever works out for him . Everything seems completely impossible to The Eeyore , which makes being around him unbearable . The woman he wants : His own personal Pooh Bear . That special someone who will be his personal cheerleader and spend all of her time trying to get him to look on the bright side even though he is completely incapable of seeing life that way . What he really needs : To stop feeling sorry for himself and take responsibility for what happens in his life . The sooner he realizes that life is what you make it , the sooner he 'll have some much-needed company in his bed . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Emotional immaturity usually is n't obvious right away "  Emotionally stunted " guys are adult men who for some reason never matured emotionally A man needs to be secure with himself before he can be secure with someone else They range from Hero to Tragic Tom to Mamma 's Boy to The Career Obsessive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- And now , the rejects . The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft Three months after the White House released a single photograph taken during a photo op of "  Air Force One " flying over New York -- a flight that caused panic on the streets below -- the U.S. Air Force on Friday released the remaining 145 photos taken during the flight . The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 -- a military version of a 747 -- making three passes by the Statue of Liberty , at one point accompanied by an F-16 fighter jet and at another point making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft . That latter move may have contributed to the chaos below . The photographs and several lengthy government e-mail chains were released in response to Freedom of Information Act requests by CNN and other news organizations . The e-mail chains show that the flight 's government organizers were aware of many New Yorkers ' fears of low-flying aircraft before the April 27 flight , and show a flurry of second-guessing , finger-pointing , damage control and occasional expressions of regret in the hours immediately after the flight . Watch a compilation of still images of the flyover " "  Thanks for the heads up on sensitivities in the New York area , " an Air Force colonel wrote in an e-mail two days before the flight . "  This is an issue that PAG -LSB- the Presidential Airlift Group -RSB- has also been concerned with . As a result , their coordination has been substantial . " But while the White House , the military and numerous federal and local government agencies coordinated the flight , the federal government demanded secrecy , preparing a news release that was to be distributed only if there were media inquiries . Those inquiries came during the morning flight , triggering a quick chain of e-mails among government officials . "  We ... need to construct some sort of timeline on when folks became aware of it if that is possible , " one Air Force official wrote , responding to the public interest . "  I agree we ... need to accomplish damage control , but we are n't the POC -LSB- point of contact -RSB- , " the response reads . "  Nor do I want to become a belly button for NORAD to push on this one . " Wrote one top Pentagon spokeswoman : "  Nothing like having everyone point the finger at someone else so we ALL look like a big bunch of buffoons ... can you say Moe , Larry & Curly !??!?! " In addition to the informal e-mail banter , the documents show the regimented system the Pentagon uses to monitor and respond to breaking news stories . A U.S. Northern Command document offers this "  assessment " of the story : "  Last 4 hours : Story reported quickly . Covered by AP , CNN , FOX major news outlets . Local reporting very critical , highlighting ` scare ' factor . Local populace very critical of event , due to 9-11 sensitivities . " It continues : "  Web site blog comments ` furious ' at best . Twitter search reveals ` tweets ' regarding two F-16 's chasing commercial airliner . Rate of 1 tweet per minute and growing . " "  No positive spin is possible . Admit mistake , " it concludes . In another e-mail , USAF Col. Scott M. Turner , commander of the Presidential Airlift Group , was doing just that . "  Again , my apologies sir . Real intent here was to honor NYC , not cause mass chaos , " it reads . The next day , the Northern Command 's internal memo included depictions of New York 's three major tabloids featuring the headlines , "  Scare Force One , " "  Just Plane Stupid ! " and "  How Dumb Was This ! " The photographs released Friday , meanwhile , show the presidential aircraft making a steep bank , seemingly well beyond the 30-degree maximum for Boeing 747s carrying passengers , according to one airline pilot consulted by CNN . That may have contributed to the anxiety on the ground . The Pentagon estimated the cost of the flight at $ 328,835 , which includes the Boeing aircraft and the two fighter jets that accompanied it . But , they said , "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " The VC-25 aircraft is designated "  Air Force One " only when the president is aboard . President Obama was not on the plane during the photo op . After the incident , Louis Caldera , the director of the White House Military Office responsible for the flyover , resigned . "  I have concluded that the controversy surrounding the Presidential Airlift Group 's aerial photo shoot over New York City has made it impossible for me to effectively lead the White House Military Office , " Caldera said in a letter to Obama . "  Moreover , it has become a distraction to the important work you are doing as president . After much reflection , I believe it is incumbent on me to tender my resignation and step down as director of the White House Military Office . "	Presidential plane 's flight over New York led to panic on ground Air Force releases 145 new photos of flight ; 1 had been released previously Government e-mail chains from day of flight also released "  No positive spin is possible . Admit mistake , " says one
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Coagulated sheep 's blood . Pig knuckles . Snake bile . Fried crickets . Sound like ingredients you might see bubbling away in a caldron , right ? Zane Lamprey raises a toast to alcoholic beverages the world over . Well , these are just some of the unusual items Zane Lamprey has eaten -- yes , eaten -- during the course of his day job . No , he 's not a human garbage disposal . Lamprey is a comedian who hosts a TV program about drinking , "  Three Sheets . " The show follows him all over the world as he samples local libations . Lamprey also claims to be in search of the ultimate hangover cure , which is why he 's often called upon to ingest the indigestible . Not that the drinks are any better . Anyone for a shot of Belize rum that 's had a dead snake fermenting in it for about a year ? If the locals drink it , so will Lamprey . "  I 'll try anything once , " he said , adding that "  there 's certainly a lot that I wo n't drink twice . " Watch Lamprey use sword to open champagne " Gross stuff aside , Lamprey has what many consider to be a dream job . And although he occasionally gets a little bleary-eyed , the Californian maintains that it 's not a show about getting inebriated . "  I drink to try new things , to learn about drinking cultures or new drinks , " Lamprey said . "  Sometimes levels of inebriation are the by-product of my job , but I 'm certainly not going out looking to do that . If I did I think I 'd be the wrong person for the job . " We caught up with Lamprey in New York 's Bubble Lounge , where he was preparing  soberly , mind you  to use a sword to lop off the end of a champagne bottle , glass neck and all . It 's a ritual he says started in the Napoleonic era as a way to celebrate victories at battle . While Lamprey might not be as battle-scarred as Napoleon 's men , he does have a victory to celebrate : "  Three Sheets " has a new home after being put in limbo for several months after its original network went off the air . The show now airs on the Fine Living Network , which has just popped the cork on "  Three Sheets ' " fourth season . New episodes air Monday nights at 10 p.m. ET and repeat throughout the week . Besides demonstrating how one sabers champagne , Lamprey talked to CNN about dealing with thumping hangovers , staying in shape and other challenges of hosting a TV show about alcohol . The following is an edited version of the transcript . CNN : Do you consider yourself a professional drinker ? Zane Lamprey : I get paid to drink . If I got paid to play baseball , I 'd be a professional baseball player , right ? Yeah . So I guess I am a professional drinker . CNN : By now you must have discovered a cure for a hangover . Lamprey : There is no cure . Actually , there 's two . Either do n't drink , or do n't stop . Once you break one of those , you get into trouble . We 've found remedies , things that 'll make it a little easier . I 've jumped in freezing water , I 've done just about everything , and nothing has wiped out my hangover . CNN : Where were you when you had your worst hangover ? Lamprey : Oddly enough , I was in a place that I was promised by several people I would not get a hangover : Champagne , France . They said if you drink good champagne , you can drink as much as you want , and you wo n't get a hangover . So I put it to the test , and the next day , I had the worst hangover yet . It was horrible . Oh . So bad . CNN : In Iceland , you drank something called "  Black Death , " the same name given to the pandemic that nearly wiped out Europe centuries ago . Taste good ? Lamprey : I 'm sure it tasted better than the plague , but not by much . It tasted like something that people should n't want to drink , like vodka mixed with black licorice and dirt . When I stepped off the plane , I was dying to try it . Then once I tried it , I was dying to drink something to get that taste out of my mouth . CNN : You 've said that one of the worst things you 've had to drink was viper rum in Belize , which had a dead snake soaking in it . What does a snake taste like ? Lamprey : A dead snake tastes like what a dead snake smells like . When I actually had to smell the shot , which I was told not to do , I almost hurled . I managed to get it down , and I think I chased it with a piece of watermelon rolled in sugar . CNN : What does your doctor say about the state of your liver ? Lamprey : I have one . It 's sitting on my counter at home , and it 's completely fine . ... When I finished this last season , I did go and get a full checkup , and I 'm completely fine . CNN : How do you stay in shape while shooting "  Three Sheets " ? Lamprey : I do n't . Go look at a clip of me doing the show . I 'm probably about 23 pounds heavier . I have taken my shirt off , and when I watch that sometimes I get a little , "  Oh , God . " But that makes me an everyman . People want to see an everyman . They do n't want to see some guy who 's all put together , which clearly I 'm not . I do n't profess to know anything about booze . I learn it from the people that show me . CNN : Do you find that generally everybody 's attitude toward drinking is the same the world over ? Lamprey : Absolutely . Everyone drinks to enjoy themselves . Everyone goes out with their friends because they 're looking to have a good time . That 's the same everywhere . CNN : You spend all this time in bars around the world ... your crew must be tempted to drink . Lamprey : Tempted to drink ? Fact : I can not keep up with my crew . CNN : So your camera operator has shot you drunk ? Lamprey : I would say yes . CNN : That explains why sometimes you look blurry . Lamprey : I 'm generally a very blurry-looking person .	Zane Lamprey hosts "  Three Sheets " on Fine Living Network On show , Lamprey drinks things like "  Black Death " and viper rum For all that , his liver 's in good shape , says Lamprey
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian protesters are vowing to continue their anti-government demonstrations into Wednesday night , despite violent crackdowns and arrests . Witnesses in Tehran tell CNN the demonstrators number in the tens of thousands . The protests are timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the hostage crisis at the U.S. Embassy . Iran celebrates the embassy takeover as an official holiday , and tens of thousands showed up to hear anti-American speeches in front of the building that once housed the U.S. diplomatic corps . Many chanted "  Death to America . " The anniversary was also an opportunity to reignite the anti-government protests that were sparked in June , following a disputed presidential election . Thousands of protesters ignored warnings from Iranian authorities to stay home , many chanting "  Death to the Dictator " and others saying , "  Obama - Either you 're with us or with them , " referring to the U.S. president . Riot police and pro-government Basij militia turned out in force to quash anti-government protests . "  We were running from the police in the alleys off of the main streets , " said Soheil , an opposition protester , who gave only one name for security reasons . "  Strangers were opening up their garages so we could hide until the police went away . I ran into a garage for about 15 minutes . When I went back into the main street , I saw riot police arresting a group of young men , then putting them inside a bank and locking the door . "  Only God knows what will happen to them after that . " iReport : Iranians take to the streets Soheil , like many other of the demonstrators , took part in the protests this summer . As with previous demonstrations , many images of Wednesday 's protest were uploaded to the Internet on the site YouTube.com -- including video of protesters walking over an image of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Another clip showed a group of women being beaten by what appeared to be Iranian security forces . Witnesses said many Iranian women took part in Wednesday 's demonstration , and were frequently targeted by the Iranian security forces -- which is what also happened during the summer protests . Video posted on YouTube showed many protesters beaten on the head with batons . Iranian reformists have chosen key anniversaries to protest the hardline government -- the same anniversaries chosen for government-sanctioned anti-American rallies . Wednesday 's was the biggest annual anti-American observance of all . On November 4 , 1979 , Islamic students stormed the U.S. Embassy . They held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days . There were also small pockets of protest on Wednesday in the southwest Iran city of Shiraz , according to a resident who witnessed the protests . Demonstrators marched down the main street of Shiraz , yelling "  Death to the dictator " and "  We will not stand down to you , together we are united , " according to Najmeh , who only gave her first name for security reasons . There was strong police presence on the streets , and the police force seemed much more organized than past occasions , she said . Earlier in the day , opposition supporters marched defiantly in Tehran 's Haft-e-Tir Square , witnesses said . Many held up their hands in V-signs . Others shouted "  Allahu Akbar , " or "  God is great , " which has become a slogan of protest . Police blocked all roads leading to the square , creating massive traffic jams . Witnesses described helmet-clad security personnel beating demonstrators with batons and firing tear gas at Haft-e-Tir Square and in a neighborhood a few kilometers north . "  I had never seen that many riot police and security personnel , " a witness told CNN . "  They were brought in by the busloads . As soon as crowds gathered somewhere , riot police were there within minutes . " The opposition showed Wednesday that even after five months of government crackdown , people were still willing to take risks . The disputed June 12 presidential election triggered Iran 's most serious political crisis since the Islamic revolution toppled the shah . Led by opposition candidate Mir Houssein Moussavi , thousands of Iranians protested what they believed was a rigged vote that returned hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to office for a second term . In the election aftermath , the Iranian government arrested more than 1,000 people and accused reformists Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi of spreading anti-government propaganda and fueling anger among the public . But despite warnings from the government , Iran 's reformists have largely refused to back down . They released the names of 72 protesters they say were killed in the unrest that followed the election -- more than double the government 's official number . Both Moussavi and Karrubi were prevented from attending Wednesday 's rallies , according to a reformist Web site , Norooz News . Karrubi 's son told the Web site that his father tried to reach the Haft-e-Tir Square rally on foot , but he was blocked by anti-riot police , sparking clashes with his followers . Police fired tear gas toward Karrubi , hitting one of his guards on the head , and causing Karrubi and some of his supporters to fall to the ground , according to Norooz News . Karrubi and his followers returned to their vehicles and drove away when , at one point , security forces attacked and damaged Karrubi 's vehicle , the Web site said . Video posted on YouTube showed Karrubi briefly opening his car door to a crowd of cheering supporters , who chanted , "  Honorable Karrubi , help the people of Iran . " Iranian authorities had warned Karrubi to not participate in the marches , saying he might be the victim of a suicide attack , according to Norooz News . Moussavi was unable to join the demonstration after his car was prevented from leaving his office , according to his Facebook page and a report on a reformist Web site . Cell phone and Internet connections were cut in the area where his office is located , and dozens of plainclothes motorcycle riders blocked the entrance and chanted slogans against Moussavi , the Web sites said . Read analysis from Hamid Dabashi , author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted " In Washington , President Obama said the world continues to bear witness to the Iranian people 's "  calls for justice and their courageous pursuit of universal rights . " "  Iran must choose , " he said in a statement late Tuesday . "  We have heard for thirty years what the Iranian government is against ; the question , now , is what kind of future it is for . "  It is time for the Iranian government to decide whether it wants to focus on the past , or whether it will make the choices that will open the door to greater opportunity , prosperity , and justice for its people , " he said . Obama noted how the embassy takeover reshaped U.S.-Iranian relations . "  This event helped set the United States and Iran on a path of sustained suspicion , mistrust , and confrontation , " he said . "  I have made it clear that the United States of America wants to move beyond this past , and seeks a relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran based upon mutual interests and mutual respect . " Obama said America has demonstrated willingness to work with Iran over nuclear issues by recognizing its right to peaceful nuclear power and accepting a recent proposal by the watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency . "  We have made clear that if Iran lives up to the obligations that every nation has , it will have a path to a more prosperous and productive relationship with the international community , " Obama said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Sara Mazloumsaki , Mitra Mobasherat , and journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : Reformist leaders stopped from attending anti-government rallies , Web site says Marchers gather in Tehran on 30th anniversary of the U.S. Embassy takeover Anti-American rallies mark 1979 hostage-taking after students stormed embassy Protests by reformists followed disputed June presidential election
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Now that Facebook is friends with Wall Street , this journalist is giving her timeline a rethink . I rejoiced when it launched Facebook Pages , as this was a chance to build a professional presence on the network separate from my personal feed . I was also riveted by the work of Wael Ghonim , the Egyptian internet activist and Google executive who devised the "  We are all Khalid Said " Facebook page after a businessman who died in police custody last year . The page helped spark the revolution that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . The faces of Egypt 's "  Revolution 2.0 " And I was thrilled when Facebook hired a dedicated journalist-program manager to build ways for reporters to be more socially savvy . But now Facebook will answer to its shareholders as a publicly traded company . To keep Wall Street happy , it will have to make more money -- quarter after quarter . Journalists have to face up to the fact that we -- along with about 800 million Facebook users worldwide -- are the product being sold . How you help Facebook make billions Reporters have invested countless hours updating their Facebook feeds . Take a look at NBC 's Ann Curry who joined Facebook in 2008 . She regularly posts updates on big international stories . In recent days , she 's been quoting Eleanor Roosevelt and photos of her commuting life in New York City . She currently has more than 519,000 subscribers . And then there 's me with a Facebook page that deserves to stay in the archives as I stubbornly refuse to add a subscribe button . I post daily about works of journalism that have caught my eye to a small but valued audience . Timeline : Mark Zuckerberg 's rise from child prodigy to Facebook billionaire By contrast , CNN has been embraced by the Facebook community in a big way . With more than 3.5 million fans , the network 's Facebook page is one of the world 's most popular news brands . But is Facebook an essential tool for journalists ? When Facebook wakes up to a new reality as a publicly traded company on Friday , journalists will have to ask : "  Why are we here ? " I use social media to do three things : find out what stories matter to people around the world , interact and tune in with my viewers , and cover newsmakers who are increasingly getting social . I turn to Twitter for real-time information , especially during breaking news . I turn to Google + for thoughtful conversation around stories I share . Infographic : How we use Facebook As for Facebook , I believe its strength can be summed up in the marketing jargon that makes me squirm : "  personal branding . " It feels like a fan convention . My fans are more interested in a photo of me posing with a light saber on Star Wars Day than a fresh link to a developing story out of China . I 've worked hard to cultivate a more sophisticated level of discourse on Facebook , which is something established reporters like Nicholas Kristof have been able to achieve with great success . But my Facebook page remains a fan zone , and I 've come to the conclusion that Facebook is a social tool for engagement and not journalism . Facebook is all about consumer engagement -- the engagement of nearly a billion consumers . That 's why advertisers ca n't ignore it . And here 's where it cuts to the heart of my profession . Journalists have been flocking to Facebook to create content and connections on a platform that the company can use for all time . Not only that , we 're feeding an advertising rival that 's only going to get bigger after Friday 's IPO . I 'm not quite convinced that Facebook is a must-buy for journalism . After the IPO , I may be holding on to my account , but I 'll be holding off on any extra contributions to the site .	Facebook set to go public this week with a multi-billion dollar Initial Public Offering  IPO The social network 's 800 million users are the product being sold , says Stout Stout : Facebook has become a social tool for engagement and not journalism "  My fans are more interested in a photo of me posing with a light saber on Star Wars Day "
