Port Hueneme , California --  CNN  -- The end of the line for hundreds of detained Central American children is a U.S. naval base along the scenic Pacific Coast outside Los Angeles . Just down the road is celebrity-drenched Malibu . This is Naval Base Ventura County , where 204 children from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras were being temporarily housed Friday as part of the latest crisis in America 's immigration system : a surge in Central American minors daring to cross the U.S.-Mexico border alone , or with younger siblings . The base is better known as home to sailors and Seabees , not Spanish-speaking children temporarily orphaned . The quarters are expected to be at capacity , 575 children , by Tuesday , 11 days after the facility opened . Posters about "  ABC " and "  123 " and U.S. leaders such as President Barack Obama and Rosa Parks share the wall with American red , white and blue ribbons . Bunks in a barracks-like setting are brightened with pastel-colored blankets . Some bedspreads even have flower patterns . Dorms and activities are segregated by sex , but boys and girls eat meals together , officials said . The boldly colored touches are the government 's effort to make the wide halls and tall walls feel less institutional for the detained children , who are between 13 and 17 years old . "  It 's not like they 're militarized , " Pentagon spokesman Lt. Col. Tom Crosson said of the shelters on armed forces ' bases in California and two other states . "  There 's no military . There 's no uniforms . There 's no military environment . " Officials with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services are operating the temporary shelters , not the Pentagon , Crosson said . Health and Human Services is also running similar shelters for immigrant children on Lackland Air Base in Texas and Fort Sill in Oklahoma . The emergence of child detainees at the Ventura County base is something the city of Port Hueneme can handle , Mayor Jonathan Sharkey told CNN affiliate KEYT . "  On the Port Hueneme side alone , there are at least 5,000 military folks here all the time , " Sharkey said . "  This is a very busy base . It 's a big base . This particular program is very small . It will have no impact at all as far as the city is concerned . " Since June 6 when the new California shelter opened , 15 of the Central American children have left the facility and were handed over to relatives or vetted sponsors , said HHS spokesman Kenneth J. Wolfe . Under U.S. law , detained Central American immigrant children are treated differently than those from Mexico and Canada : The Central American youths are n't deported immediately but rather are turned over to HHS within 72 hours of custody , officials said . After being held in HHS facilities , the children end up in the care of their parents or relatives living in the United States or in the care of a sponsor 's group home , officials said . During that process , the immigrant child is given a court date . But very few show up to court , and the children often become some of the millions of undocumented immigrants in the United States , said a union official for U.S. Border Patrol agents . Consulates respond El Salvadoran Vice Consul Julio Calderon in Los Angeles said the consulate will ask children in the shelter for any supporting documents such as a birth certificate . However , unaccompanied children in detention facilities sometimes give a fake name , Calderon said . "  That 's a problem , " he said . "  In most of the cases , they use their real names . Sometimes they use a different one because they think if I do n't give my real name , I 'm not going to have a problem ... being removed back to my own country , I can come back later " to the United States , Calderon said . That belief is a mistake because U.S. authorities fingerprint the children for identification , Calderon said . Some children become crime victims during their solo journeys , he added . And some are never found . Parents and relatives "  should be happy to know that their kids are alive , " he said . "  We have sad stories , " Calderon said . "  There are so many times that kids are never found . We do n't know what happened to them . " Guatemalan Consul General Pablo Garcia Saenz in Los Angeles will visit the facility Monday to see how many Guatemalan children need assistance , and also whether they have parents or other relatives in the United States . "  It 's very , very important to visit . It 's necessary to talk to the children about what happened , what do you need ... who can pick them up , " Garcia Saenz said . Three-fourths of children are from three countries Three-fourths of the unaccompanied children crossing the U.S-Mexico border come from three Central American countries : Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras , said Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson . Erika Pinheiro , an attorney at Esperanza Immigrant Rights Project in Los Angeles , said several nonprofit legal groups like hers are overloaded with cases and have determined it 's too far to travel to the naval base , about a 70-mile drive from downtown Los Angeles . Her group ca n't make the long trip , she said . Pinheiro is concerned the children or their U.S. relatives will not find attorneys . The children and their families often do n't go to their court hearings because they do n't understand or have access to legal services , Pinheiro said . "  I think it 's in everybody 's interest to provide these children with attorneys , " she said . "  My worry is that we might have trafficking victims , bona fide refugees , people fleeing violence in their country who need legal representation and need legal help . "  It 's the only type of legal proceedings in the United States where we expect children to represent themselves , so you have children as young as 5 years old being expected to present a very complicated case for defense against deportation , against a skilled government attorney and a judge , " Pinheiro said . Before the California naval base releases any child to relatives , the family members must sign an agreement to attend immigration hearings , officials said .	NEW : Some children use fake names in arrest at border , Salvadoran vice consul says NEW : Other children are victimized at border and some never found , consul adds Naval Base Ventura County holds 204 migrant Central American children "  It 's not like they 're militarized , " Pentagon spokesman says of temporary shelters
BAUCHI , Nigeria  CNN  -- The truck driver kept his hand on the horn , but resorted to shifting into first gear and used the full weight of his container truck to force his way through the over-crowded and narrow market street . In Nigeria , men burn broken computer equipment to collect reusable metals like copper . But the truck 's rattling bulk , over-charged exhaust , and zealous horn only added extra rhythm to the cacophony of hawkers , hagglers , trucks and generators . This was just one of the many deliveries this morning for the big importers of Lagos 's second-hand electronics Alaba market . "  A lot of people are interested in buying computer -- just to know what is going on in the world , " explained Gabriel Okonkwo , as he watched his latest shipment arrive . The doors of his container were thrown open to reveal an Aladdin 's cave of second-hand treasures -- computers , stereos , printers and televisions . All were quickly passed down to a mob of eager hands , where they are quickly sold to the local electronic stores . Nigeria is desperate for cheap electronic goods to try and bridge the digital divide with the West . Watch a report showing piles of e-waste in Nigeria " It is estimated five hundred containers of second-hand electronics are imported to Nigeria every month . It is also estimated that three-quarters of these imported products are broken beyond repair . The figures come from a US-based Environmental group -- BASEL Action Network -- who warns that the broken electronics discarded at local dumpsites are a mounting environmental disaster . At one of the local dumpsites , young boys sift through the electronic waste looking for anything of worth . Cables and wires are burnt to get at re-usable metals like copper wire , a practice which releases toxic metals and chemicals harmful to the local population . "  If you do n't control it , there will be serious contamination and exposure of large populations to heavy metals from e-waste . Because it 's a huge volume of waste we 're talking about . And it 's spreading , " explains Oladele Osibanjo , the director for BASEL Nigeria . The irony is that many of these electronics were discarded by their original owners in the West for recycling . But not all second-hand computers shipped to Nigeria end up on the dumpsites . Traveling to northern Nigeria , we visited the Iya Abubakar Resource Center 's IT training course -- attended by students , businessmen , and women . The Centre imports computers , but from charities like Computer Aid in the UK , to ensure they are reliable . For Aisha Hussain , the Center 's director , it would be a waste not to use the business and education opportunities provided by the second-hand computers . "  Once you empower someone you do not consider it as waste , " she explained . "  You empower the person socially , financially -- that should n't be referred to as waste because you 've given that person a life . " The Nigerian government has ordered a crackdown on the importation of harmful and waste electronics , and is supporting plans to build a recycling plant in the region . Over-seeing the re-sale of his small mountain of televisions and computers , Gabriel Okonkwo is aware of the environmental problems but insists business must be taken into account . "  Both of them have to come hand-in-hand so we can live . If I do n't do business I will die , and if the environment is bad I can die , " he explained . "  So I have to do business in a way that will not affect the environment . " CNN Business Traveller airs from Wednesday , April 8 at the times below :  ALL TIMES GMT  Wednesday , April 8 : 0830 , 1730 Saturday , April 10 : 0730 , 1800 Sunday , April 11 : 0430 , 1730 Monday , April 12 : 0300	E-waste imported from the West is sold in local electronics stores in Nigeria Most of the imported hardware does n't work and is abandoned at dumpsites Locals endanger their health by burning cables , dismantling old equipment Computer Aid distributes working computers to local villagers , businesses
CNN  -- There are no easy answers when journalists have to decide how to cover a terrorist group 's video . The issue resurfaced Tuesday when a member of the Islamic extremist group ISIS was shown on camera beheading American journalist Steven Sotloff . No major news organization showed the gruesome conclusion of the ISIS video , but many did show screen grabs and short video clips of Sotloff and the executioner , as well as another hostage that ISIS is threatening to kill . The video is newsworthy -- even if it also plays into the propagandistic hands of the people who produced it . But a vocal flock of viewers and readers -- and some fellow journalists -- have deplored the decisions to show snippets of the video , reprising arguments that were made in August when news organizations showed screen grabs of James Foley , another American journalist who was beheaded by ISIS . "  Ca n't believe this bears repeating , but one should not empower ISIS by publishing their PR materials , " freelance journalist Jeb Boone wrote on Twitter after the Sotloff video emerged . One major international broadcaster , Al Jazeera , said it had decided not to show any images of Sotloff from the video -- a more conservative position than other television networks . "  We suggest all media do the same , " Al Jazeera 's public relations account said via Twitter , using the hashtag #ISISmediaBlackout . Not showing the video at all , however , risks sanitizing the grim reality of the world . So most media outlets tried to strike a balance . ISIS "  would like us to show you the most graphic images on that video , as part of their campaign of terror . We will not , " CBS News anchor Charlie Rose said as he introduced a segment about Sotloff 's death . Instead , CBS showed only video clips from it . Media figures also tried to demonstrate some self-awareness when dealing with the issue . "  No way to avoid leading the show with ISIS butchery and yet , maddeningly , that also seems like what ISIS wants , " Chris Hayes wrote on Twitter before his 8 p.m. MSNBC program . Newscasts tended to show more photos of Sotloff in the field , reporting on stories throughout the Middle East , than of him as a hostage . But screen grabs from the video were still widespread , including on CNN 's homepage and television networks . The Foley video surfaced on the social media website Diaspora , as reported by INSITE , a blog on terrorism and extremism run by the SITE Intelligence group . It was later put on YouTube and promoted via Twitter . The Sotloff video was discovered on an unidentified file-sharing website by the SITE Intelligence Group , which researches terrorist threats . Perhaps that 's why social media reactions to the Sotloff video were more muted -- or perhaps , terribly , it 's because the shock value was diminished the second time around .	No major news organization showed the conclusion of the ISIS Steven Sotloff video Some viewers , readers and journalists have deplored decisions to show snippets of it "  One should not empower ISIS by publishing their PR materials , " a journalist tweets Not showing the video at all , however , risks sanitizing the grim reality of the world
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedic actress Jenny McCarthy will fill one of the empty seats around the table on "  The View " vacated by Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck , ABC announced Monday . McCarthy , who has been on the daytime talk show 17 times -- eight as a co-host -- will become a permanent co-host when season 17 kicks off on September 9 , according to the network . "  Jenny brings us intelligence as well as warmth and humor , " said "  View " co-founder Barbara Walters . "  She can be serious and outrageous . She has connected with our audience and offers a fresh point of view . " The announcement quotes McCarthy , 40 , saying she is "  beyond thrilled " to take her place alongside Walters "  and the other amazing women at the table . " "  I look forward to helping make hot topics a little bit hotter , and showing my mom that my interrupting skills have finally paid off , " McCarthy said . She also thanks VH1 for allowing her to take the job by releasing her from her contract with the cable channel , which aired "  The Jenny McCarthy Show . " McCarthy 's entertainment career launched with a nude spread in Playboy magazine in 1993 . She was named 1994 Playmate of the Year . Her film credits include roles in "  Scream 3 " and "  Scary Movie 3 . " She is also a best-selling author . What do you think of McCarthy as a choice to co-host "  The View . " If you disagree , who would you have hired ?	The former Playboy Playmate joins ABC 's "  The View " in September McCarthy has been on the daytime talk show 17 times -- eight as a co-host She promises to make "  hot topics a little bit hotter " McCarthy "  can be serious and outrageous , " Barbara Walters says
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean lawmaker has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for plotting an armed rebellion . The verdict makes Lee Seok-ki -- a member of South Korea 's left-wing United Progressive Party -- the country 's first sitting lawmaker to be convicted of treason since the 1980s . Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea . Tension in the Korean peninsula escalated in early 2013 , when Pyongyang declared an armistice agreement between the two Koreas invalid and said it could carry out nuclear strikes against its southern neighbor . The court was told that Lee thought that the heightened tensions could lead to war between the North and South , and he allegedly directed members of the group to attack major national facilities in the event of such a conflict . "  Piecing together the statements from the informants and evidences ... the defendants are found guilty for conspiring to start riots aimed at subverting the constitution , " Suwon District Court said in a statement . It said a strong penalty was inevitable because Lee 's plot "  posed substantial and clear threats to the existence of Korea and order of liberal democracy . " Under South Korean criminal law , a crime of rebellion can be committed when more than two people gather to conspire treason . Lee denied all charges against him , while his party , the Unified Progressive Party , described the case as "  a medieval witch-hunt . " Some local media and analysts said the investigation was being used to divert attention from allegations that South Korea 's state spy agency - the National Intelligence Service - had been involved in manipulating South Korea 's 2012 presidential election .	South Korean lawmaker Lee Seok-ki has been jailed for 12 years for plotting a rebellion Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea Lee had denied all charges and his party described the case as a "  medieval witch-hunt " Critics said it was being used to divert attention from claims the 2012 had been manipulated
CNN  One week after AirAsia Flight QZ8501 disappeared from air traffic control radar , the search for victims and more of its wreckage was underway Sunday , officials said . Waves are expected to be 1.5 to 2 meters high , said Bambang Sulistyo , head of Indonesia 's search and rescue agency , at a press conference in Jakarta . Sulistyo said that if the weather is relatively good , divers will be sent to the location where four objects were detected on sonar . There are 89 divers on standby and divers from Russia will join the effort , he said . Search teams have found four large pieces of debris believed to be parts of the aircraft . Sulistyo said the latest objects -- including one that is 18 meters  59 feet  long -- were located by sonar in the priority search area . Searchers came upon the metal parts after spotting an oil slick late Friday . Bad weather conditions -- including 15-foot waves and strong underwater currents -- prevented divers from conducting searches Saturday , meaning no additional bodies were recovered . Sunday 's forecast called for more favorable conditions , he said . Who was on the plane Sinking bodies Anton Castilani is eager to get the rest of the victims out of the waters before they sink to the bottom of the sea . He is in charge of identifying them and said that gases in the bodies that keep them afloat disperse after a few days in the water . It 's been nearly a week already . The plane went missing on Sunday . He urged families to be patient with his team as they identify loved ones . He wants to do his work right . "  We have to make sure that we have to return that right body to the right family , " he said . Decomposition also slows his work down . "  The later the dead bodies come to you , the harder you work , " he said . His team uses fingerprints and dental records as well as DNA to find out who they have recovered . • Hayati Lutfiah Hamid • Grayson Herbert Linaksita • Kevin Alexander Soetjipto • The Meiji Thejakusuma • Hendra Gunawan Syawal • Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi • Jie Stevie Gunawan • Juanita Limantara • Wismoyo Ari Prambudi • Tony Linaksita • Shiane Josal • Lim Yan Koen • Yongki Jou • Indra Yulianto • Hindarto Halim • Jou Brian Youvito Recoveries , identifications On Friday , the USS Sampson , which the U.S. Navy has deployed to help , recovered some bodies . Altogether , the number retrieved rose to 30 . A limited number of them will be autopsied to determine the cause of death to aid the investigation , an Indonesian official said Saturday . But many families do n't want autopsies done . "  For the sake of the investigation , we agree , and it is accepted by Interpol , to perform autopsies on the pilot , co-pilot and some randomly selected passengers , " said East Java Police Chief Anas Yusuf . Six of the plane 's victims have been identified . The first , Hayati Lutfiah Hamid , was laid to rest Thursday . AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes said he was traveling to Surabaya , Indonesia , to bring home the body of flight attendant Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi . "  I can not describe how I feel . There are no words , " he said on Twitter . Search priorities Finding the fuselage and black box of the Airbus A320-200 has priority for the 59 diving teams searching underneath the waves . Russia has joined the effort with 22 underwater teams along with a search plane and a cargo jet . The searchers are concentrating on a 1,575-square-nautical-mile zone that officials believe is the "  most probable area " to find the remains of the aircraft . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak Here 's where things stand on Flight QZ8501 : The flight What we know : QZ8501 took off early December 28 from Surabaya , bound for Singapore . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar . What we do n't know : What happened on board after contact with the plane was lost . No distress call was received . Some experts speculate that the aircraft experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Other theories include a lack of information about the plane 's position or storm damage to the engines . How can a modern airliner vanish ? The investigation What we know : The "  black boxes " are key . Actually , they 're orange and should be in the plane 's tail . A lab in Jakarta will analyze them , if they are recovered . The batteries powering the "  pingers " that send acoustic signals have only about 24 days of power left . What we do n't know : What destroyed the plane . Investigators will need to use information gleaned from the flight recorders and clues from the wreckage to try to find out . "  The more bits I can put into my mosaic , the better my picture will be , " aviation safety expert Michael Barr said . The ones who missed the flight The plane and the pilots What we know : The Airbus , operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , had accumulated about 23,000 flight hours in about 13,600 flights in six years . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was November 16 . Flight 8501 's veteran captain , Iriyanto , 53 , had 20,537 flying hours , 6,100 of them with AirAsia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer , Remi Emmanuel Plesel , 46 , had 2,275 flying hours , a reasonable amount for his position . Indonesian authorities are looking in to why AirAsia was flying that particular route on that particular day ; the country 's transport ministry claims that AirAsia was permitted to fly it only on Mondays , Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays . AirAsia said it will cooperate with the inquiry and suspended all service from Surabaya to Singapore in the meantime . What we do n't know : Did technical problems or human error have anything to do with the crash ? A major aviation database registers 54 incidents involving the A320 . Some A320 accidents and incidents involve fan-cowl detachments , landing gear collapse , bird strikes and pilot error , an expert said . These cause disasters only in very rare cases . Security threat ? Meanwhile , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta issued a security alert Saturday after being "  made aware of a potential threat against U.S.-associated hotels and banks in Surabaya . " A State Department official , however , told CNN that there was "  no knowledge of any connection between this threat and the Air Asia flight . " No additional information was given regarding the nature of the threat , but the Embassy recommended "  heightened vigilance and awareness of one 's surroundings when visiting such facilities . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Kevin Bohn and Joseph Netto contributed to this report . Journalist Yosef Riadi and translators Michelle Anugrah , Azieza Uhnavy and Edi Pangerapan also contributed .	Eighth day of the search for the AirAsia flight has begun Official says four large objects have been found underwater using sonar 30 bodies have been recovered ; six have been identified
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences and analyze the news behind events . Here , CNN 's Nic Robertson describes a tour of Camp Bucca , the largest U.S.-run detention facility in Iraq . Some 2,000 suspected al Qaeda loyalists are held at Camp Bucca , the military says . CAMP BUCCA , Iraq  CNN  -- The inmates huddle below the barbed wire , looking up at the strangers who have arrived at the detention facility . They 're dressed in bright yellow , almost fluorescent jumpsuits . There are 2,000 of them , described by the U.S. military as hard-core al Qaeda loyalists . These inmates are kept behind a maze of chain-link fences , topped with barbed wire , and are guarded by heavily armed men in military fatigues who hold shields . We 're escorted through Camp Bucca , the United States ' biggest detention facility in Iraq , by Marine Gen. Douglas Stone , who runs the camp . "  They 're hard to break , " he says of the suspected al Qaeda inmates . As Stone speaks , some inmates begin pointing up and we 're told to keep moving . We wear protective glasses to cover our eyes . Inmates here throw rocks from the dusty , gravel floor at visitors , sometimes using makeshift slingshots to hurl the pebbles at 100 mph . Several guards have been blinded by the projectiles . Walk along with Nic Robertson through the facility " "  This is not a place you want to hang around , so we really do n't want to stand here that much longer because they will organize around us , " Stone says . We press on through the facility . As we record our television piece , we 're not allowed to talk to the inmates or show their faces -- doing so would be in violation of the Geneva Conventions . Inside Camp Bucca , the al Qaeda loyalists make up a minority of more than 19,000 civilian detainees . They are neither criminals nor prisoners of war . They are detained because they are deemed a security threat , many accused of taking up arms against American soldiers . There is no maximum period for holding them . They are freed only when it has been determined by a review board they are no longer a security risk . Some have been locked up for more than three years . Just last year , the facility was known as a jihadist haven where violence was rampant . At its worst , rioting involving between 1,000 and 10,000 detainees spread across half the compounds in the camp . Fires burned through many areas . Plots to kidnap and kill guards were common , authorities say . It became so bad the U.S. military considered the facility a strategic threat . Stone took over in May last year . "  It most assuredly was a jihadist university , " says Stone . He even admits he was on the verge of shooting rioting detainees , a prospect that would have made the abuses at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison pale in comparison . Stone says that was his turning point . Since that time , Stone has radically reshaped the camp , working to change the attitudes of the guards and detainees alike . Inmates undergo religious re-education where imams preach a moderate interpretation of Islam . The prison also offers art classes . Some attend English courses . Even civics courses teaching Western-style democracy are offered . Watch the change from "  jihadist university " to model lockup " Stone has also allowed families to visit the detainees much more frequently . He says detailed research shows most detainees at Bucca got family permission to take up arms against Americans so they could make money . "  The reality is this is the battlefield of the mind , " Stone says . He says the new policies are already paying dividends : "  Detainees now tell us more about the network of al Qaeda , about the training techniques of al Qaeda , about how they fund their operations . " He says 7,000 inmates have been released . Only seven have been returned to the facility , according to Stone . The hope is that the detainees will return to their communities and spread a message of moderation . "  Each detainee represents the possibility of being a moderate missile , if you will , fired into a community to spread a degree of moderacy and that 's the way we view it , " he says . "  If we have half of them hitting their target , it makes a huge difference . " My crew and I get a firsthand glimpse in one Bucca classroom . An imam explains to the detainees they have to respect other people . He also tells them everyone makes mistakes , and it 's up to each individual to correct those mistakes . He tells them killing people is wrong and un-Islamic . In another part of the facility , hard-core extremists are kept isolated from the rest . On this day , they are getting a math class . Their teacher stands outside their wire cage ; it 's too dangerous for him to talk to them directly . Stone 's priority is to separate the extremists from the moderates and give religious re-education to all -- even if the most radical may reject it . His work at this facility is part of the counterinsurgency strategy employed by the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , designed to isolate extremists from the population . The re-education techniques are used by governments in other Muslim states to tackle Islamic radicals . Stone 's approach has remodeled the U.S. detention system in Iraq and appears to have reduced the practice of putting well-trained extremists back into the community to rejoin the fight in what U.S. military officers disparagingly called a "  catch and release " program . How the new approach holds up after Stone leaves when his tour ends in the coming months will be a test of how successful he has been in changing the psychology of guards and detainees alike . Walking around the facility , it appears the U.S. military has put the scandal of Abu Ghraib behind it . Stone wants Camp Bucca to be the model for three new detention facilities to be built around Iraq closer to detainees ' families . They could cost $ 250 million to build . But if Stone 's tactics are right , they could also have a significant impact on winning the war in Iraq . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Nic Robertson goes inside main U.S. detention facility in Iraq Prison holds 19,000 inmates ; 2,000 are suspected al Qaeda loyalists Inmates undergo programs to teach them moderate Islam Marine general : "  This is the battlefield of the mind "
CNN  Hosts Australia have won their first ever Asian Cup title , the continent 's equivalent of the European Championships , after beating Korea 2-1 . In a pulsating final played in front of more than 70,000 supporters at Stadium Australia , Sydney , the Socceroos took the lead against the run of play just before half time thanks to a stunning goal by Massimo Luongo . Luongo , a 22 year old midfielder who plays for Swindon Town in the English third tier , spun away from his marker before crashing a shot into the bottom right hand corner of the goal , the first goal Korea had conceded in the entire tournament . Extra time goal Australia looked to have held out for 90 minutes and a famous Asian Cup title -- their first since switching to the Asian Football Confederation from the smaller less competitive Oceania Football Confederation -- until Bayer Leverkusen striker Son Hueng-min equalized in the first minute of injury time , silencing the boisterous home crowd and sending the final to extra time . But Australia stormed back and James Troisi shot home from close range after a defensive mix up to seal the victory . "  It 's a massive moment for Australian football , " former Everton and New York Red Bulls forward Tim Cahill told AFP after the game . "  All I can recall is all those people who did n't believe in us , " he added . "  This is one of the biggest moments in sport for Australia because this is an Asian tournament that 's so difficult to win -- and a tournament we were never supposed to win with this group of players . " Cahill 's last stand ? The tournament is likely to be Cahill 's last after a glittering career in English and international soccer . But Socceroos ' coach Ange Postecoglou believes that Cahill still has much to offer the team , with qualification for the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia next on the agenda . "  I 'd be surprised , " Postecoglou said of Cahill 's rumored retirement . "  He 's had a fantastic tournament . He has n't said anything to me . I have n't had any discussion with him about his future and I 'd be surprised if I had to because again he was a very important part of our team . " If Cahill was part of the past , one of the last members of Australia 's so-called "  golden generation " that qualified for three World Cup finals in a row , then goal scoring hero Massimo Luongo could be the future . He was named player of the tournament , having been involved in six goals over the course of the tournament . Switch to AFC The victory was also vindication of Australia 's decision to join the Asian Football Confederation . Up until 2005 Australia had competed in the Oceania Football Confederation -- the smallest of FIFA 's six confederations -- with little in the way of true competition aside from the occasional matches against New Zealand . The OFC also offers just half a qualification spot for the World Cup finals : a playoff match against tough opponents in South America or Asia . A 31-0 victory against American Samoa in a qualification match for the 2002 World Cup finals -- a world record that still stands today -- forced Australian soccer to focus on joining the AFC , which they did in 2005 . West Asia unhappy ? As well as holding Asia 's most prestigious international title , club side Sydney Wanderers famously won last year 's Asian Champions League final against Saudi Arabia 's Al Hilal , prompting allegations that not everyone in Asian soccer is happy with Australia 's success . After the Socceroos beat the United Arab Emirates in the semifinal , one leading figure appeared to express concern that Australia had taken one of the AFC 's prized World Cup qualification spots yet had given little back in return . "  Yes , it is true , there are indications that confirm that there is a desire among West Asian federations to remove Australia from the AFC , " Sheikh Salman Bin Ibrahim Al-Khalifa , the Bahraini president of the AFC , said in an interview with Emiraiti newspaper Al Ittihad . "  I also know that the Arabs are not the only ones that are not convinced with the value of Australia staying within the Asian football family . " Sheikh Salman later denied the comments , saying they had been "  manipulated " . "  I 'm really stunned with the timing to bring this topic out . It 's a false topic , " he told Australia 's Herald Sun newspaper . "  To read a story like this is really sad because there 's no truth in it . The success of this tournament has exceeded our expectations . I wo n't let a story like this affect the success of the tournament we had in Australia . " After Australia 's victory Sheikh Salman was quick to praise the team and the country 's hosting of the tournament , telling the AFC 's website that the "  competition that has been remarkable in spirit and in passion , and we have Australia to thank for that . "	Hosts Australia win Asian Cup Defeat Korea 2-1 in extra time First title since switching from Oceania to AFC
CNN  -- Pakistani army chief Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani complained to U.S. Gen. John Allen about Taliban incursions from Afghanistan into Pakistan when he met the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , a Pakistani army source said Wednesday . Kayani urged NATO to stop militants from crossing the border , according to the source , who was not authorized to speak to the media . Such action would help strengthen relations between the Pakistani armed forces and NATO , the source said Kayani told the American general . Relations between Pakistan and the United States are tense , with Pakistanis especially frustrated by what they say are U.S. drone attacks on suspected militants in their country . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force did not immediately comment on the reported meeting . The source said Allen had told Kayani that it was necessary for the two sides to cooperate since both were fighting terrorists . Allen said he would discuss the issue with authorities in Afghanistan , the Pakistani source said .	NATO 's Afghanistan commander meets with a top Pakistani general , Pakistan says Pakistan wants NATO to stop the Taliban from crossing the border , an officer says Pakistan and the United States have an uneasy relationship
CNN  -- Thanks to 3-D printers , dentists can today print false teeth and medical device manufacturers can print hip replacements . Such creations are useful , but not exactly sexy . Thankfully , artists are demonstrating another dimension of the technology , printing remarkable creations that would n't have been possible even a decade ago . Take Tobias Klein . The German artist wanted to meld the architecture of St. Paul 's Cathedral with representations of his own body . Approximating the shape and dimensions of your own heart is a challenge , but Klein did not have to guess . He underwent a series of MRI scans , and then , with a few clicks of the mouse , was able to view his own heart in 3-D . He then merged that with a representation of the dome of St. Paul 's and sent the design to a 3-D printer , which deposited material layer by layer to create a solid object . The result was ` Inversive Embodiment , ' a twisting , mind-boggling sculpture that links man-made architecture with the architecture of a man . "  It allows me to move into more eccentric areas , " Klein says . "  We see a super beautiful influx of people working with the medium . We 're just seeing how far this can go . " New possibilities According to Wohlers Associates , a manufacturing research firm , the market for 3-D printing topped $ 2 billion in 2012 , up nearly 30 % from the year before . And while most of the cash comes from manufacturing companies , artists are throwing ever more dollars at 3-D printers and related technologies . The desire to innovate is driving the trend , as are falling prices and the increased availability of 3-D printers . Suzy Antoniw organized "  3D : Printing the Future " , an exhibition running at London 's Science Museum until June 15 . "  Although 3-D printing as a technology is n't that new , there has been an explosion of creativity around it in recent years , " she says . "  It gives artists more design freedom and enables them to create amazing things . " Bernat Cuni , one of the artists featured in the exhibition , takes children 's drawings and , using computer aided software , blows the images up like balloons . A 3-D printer then produces these so-called ` crayon creatures , ' turning scribbles into mini sculptures . Michaela Janse van Vuuren , an artist and former puppet maker , focuses on designs that can only be made using 3D printing . Her white horse marionette includes an elaborate set of wings made of countless interlocking parts , all printed in one go . That means there is no assembly required and the piece is ready for sale immediately . "  There is absolutely no way you can make this design using traditional manufacturing or handcraft methods , " she says . Fashion has benefited as well . For the Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show in September , the lingerie giant wanted model Lindsay Ellingson to have spectacular wings that captured the intricacy of snowflakes . Designer Bradley Rothenberg relied on a 3-D printing process called Selective Laser Sintering that can fabricate complex interlocking support without additional support materials . 3-D printing also ensured a snug fit . "  We actually scanned the model and then wrote code that generated the snowflakes around the 3D mesh of Lindsay 's body . " Financial incentive For artists who live outside of the world 's major art markets , 3-D printing helps them access customers further afield . Janse Van Vuuren , who is based in South Africa , says it can be costly to reach new markets and to travel to meet potential clients . "  3-D printing removes many of these barriers and has the potential to level the playing field , " she says . "  My designs can be printed at a location close to the buyer and many online repositories exist where buyers can choose products . " Museums see commercial promise in new printing techniques as well . Amsterdam 's Van Gogh Museum , which holds the world 's largest collection of paintings by the Dutch artist , has teamed up with Fujifilm to create 3-D replicas of five Van Goghs , including the iconic "  Sunflowers " and "  Almond Blossom . " Fujifilm scanned the works and then printed 260 replicas of each -- a process that takes three months . Known as "  Relievos " , the copies capture not only the colors -- there are 32 shades of yellow in "  Sunflowers " -- but also the particulars of Van Gogh 's brushstrokes , including height and direction . They also include the frame and the backside of each painting , which have stickers and other markers of where the paintings have traveled . "  This way people can see the history of the painting , " says Milou Halbesma , the head of public affairs at the museum . "  A painting travels around the world . People can see it was in exhibitions at the Moma and other museums . " The Relievos sell for $ 25,000 each , about $ 34,000 , and will help the museum pay for essential renovations . Previous sales in Hong Kong and Taiwan were a huge success , so the museum has launched similar sales in Belgium and the Netherlands . It will take its works to Los Angeles in the new year . Baby steps Critics of 3-D art reproductions like to point how much they vary from the original . But Joris Dik , a professor of materials science at Holland 's Delft University of Technology , believes it is more interesting to compare 3-D reproductions to earlier 2-D reproductions . It shows how far technology has come . Working with Canon and the Rijksmuseum , Dik and one of his graduate students developed a scanning technique that allows them to capture the ridges and cracks of a painting , and to see beyond the surface layer of paint to understand the structure of the painting . To the untrained eye their reproduction of Rembrandt 's "  Jewish Bride " might be mistaken for the original . But for Dik that 's not the point . What 's important is that his 3-D representation is an incremental step forward . In the future 3-D scanning techniques and printing may even replicate layers and luminescence , the quality whereby particles in paint make it appear to shine . "  The one thing that is certain is that 3-D printing is advancing rapidly , " Dick says . "  I 'm quite sure that in a couple of years we 'll be a couple of steps further . "	3-D printing is opening new avenues for artists The Van Gogh Museum is printing 3-D replicas of iconic paintings Even Victoria 's Secret has embraced the technology
CNN  -- Three people died after Typhoon Kompasu hit central South Korea Thursday morning , the Yonhap News Agency reported . Kompasu also halted much of the metropolitan area 's subway service , toppled trees and caused widespread power outages , the agency said . Airlines canceled or diverted domestic and international flights . According to Yonhap : A flying roof tile killed an 80-year-old man in Seosan , South Chungcheong province . A broken tree branch fatally struck a 37-year-old man in Bundang , on the southern outskirts of Seoul . And an electrical engineer was electrocuted while trying to restore electricity in Mokpo , 255 miles  410 kilometers  south of Seoul . iReport : Kompasu whips through South Korea Kompasu also unleashed torrential rain and strong winds on North Korea Thursday , according to the state-run KCNA news agency . The typhoon was expected to further devastate crops in secretive North Korea , which has been gripped by food shortages . As of late afternoon Thursday , Kompasu was carrying maximum winds of 55 miles per hour and had moved away from both Koreas .	Debris kills two people and a third is electrocuted Torrential rain and winds hit N. Korea , where crops were threatened N. Korea has already struggled to feed its people
CNN  -- Apple says a new software update provides tools to get rid of the so-called "  Flashback " virus that has infected hundreds of thousands of Mac computers . In a post on its support forums , Apple said the update to the Java software platform "  removes the most common variants " of the Flashback malware . Last week , a Russian security company reported that as many as 600,000 Macs , most of them in the United States and Canada , had been infected by Flashback , a Trojan horse virus that infiltrates computers , secretly giving someone else remote access to them . Flashback was first discovered in September , disguising itself as an Adobe Flash Player installer . Apple recommended the new update to all Mac users who have Java installed . Throughout their history , Macs have been relatively free from most of the viruses and other malware that have targeted PCs , with cybercriminals preferring to go after the larger number of computer users on that system . But the rise of Macs has also seen an uptick in the number of Mac users targeted . "  Malware authors have targeted the Mac OS for quite some time ; however , the recent OSX.Flashback.K infections indicate a very significant shift to the current threat landscape , which is dominated by malware on the Windows operating system , " Web security firm Symantec posted on its blog . Symantec estimates that the number of computers still infected is down to about 270,000 , slightly less than half of the number that was reported a week ago . Apple , which prides itself on keeping a safe environment for users , was criticized in some quarters for the amount of time it took to respond to Flashback . "  Better late than never ? " wrote Tony Bradley of PCWorld on Friday . Bradley was more complimentary of the fix itself . While previous updates have closed the loophole that allowed the malware , the latest fixes the damage and is designed to protect Macs from similar attacks in the future . "  Kudos to Apple , " he wrote . "  It may be late to the game when it comes to helping users remove the Flashback malware from Mac OS X , but it has raised the bar for proactively protecting systems at the same time . "	Apple releases update to fix damage from the "  Flashback " malware Security firm estimates up to 600,000 Macs were infected by the Trojan horse Some complained Apple took too long to address the problem Flashback was discovered in September , disguised as a Flash installer
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Tunisia 's rappers have long made a point of speaking their minds , their lyrics often bringing them into conflict with the old regime . But more than simply upsetting the status quo , according to one of the country 's leading rappers their music was the "  fuel " for Tunisia 's revolution . "  Balti " is Tunisia 's best-known rapper and one of the founding fathers of hip-hop music in the country . His most popular videos have reached 350,000 hits on YouTube and he 's performed to audiences of over 50,000 , sharing the stage with such Western rap idols as Method Man . His latest recording is "  Zine el Abadine Ben Ali and the 40 Thieves , " a barbed account of the former president deceiving his people . Rappers risked the wrath of the authorities under the Ben Ali regime , writing and recording in secret studios . Balti says he was arrested and briefly jailed in 2005 for a song which was n't one of his . In recent years Tunisian rappers have taken advantage of social networks to post music videos on the internet . Most notably , a rap by 21-year-old Hamada Ben Amor -- known as "  El General " -- went viral after he was arrested by armed police at his home in the eastern coastal town of Sfax and taken to Tunis for interrogation . The song "  Mr President Your People Are Dying " was a personal message to President Ben Ali outlining the corruption and deprivations besetting the Tunisian people . Eight days later "  El General " had been released and Ben Ali had fled the country . Inside the Middle East traveled to a recording studio in the suburbs of Tunis where Balti makes his music to get his take on the role of rap in Tunisia 's revolution . IME : How difficult was it to make music before the revolution and how has that changed now ? Balti : Rap and hip-hop in Tunisia before the January 14th revolution was very difficult . It was forbidden by the old regime and some people were jailed . Rappers such as Philosoph , Ouled Bled and myself stood up to those difficulties and made our voice heard . Hip-hop music has contributed greatly to the revolution in Tunisia . The revolution started on the internet . Thank you to Facebook and guys like El General and Psyco M -- they spoke before and after January 14th and contributed to break the fear barrier among youngsters . The revolution is a social movement and rap is always talking about social issues . We come from very tough neighborhoods and we talk in our songs about social problems such as unemployment . We feel like our voices did n't get to the regime , to the top officials , but thank God our voices were heard by the people , so we were the fuel of our revolution . IME : Do you expect hip-hop to explode in Tunisia now you have more freedom ? Balti : Yes , I welcome the new generation of rappers . Everybody has their own style and we will compete , but I am very glad that we will have a new rap scene . I think that rap music and hip-hop has a good future in Tunisia . Along with Psyco M and El General there are many other rappers who did n't get their opportunity before the revolution and now is the time to have their chance . IME : What are your thoughts about what 's happened in other parts of the region since the revolution in Tunisia ? Balti : I 'm so happy to see other Arab countries looking to get back their freedom , and not just because I 'm a Tunisian , but because Tunisia played a leading role in this matter . My message to them is to do things in a peaceful way . Yes , you can ask for your freedom and a job , but you can do it in a peaceful way . You can also ask for regime change -- it 's the people 's basic right to remove it . I want to emphasize , do it in a peaceful way . Do n't let a lot of people die and lose your wealth by destroying your economy . IME : How do you see the future for Tunisia ? Balti : This revolution has been made by the youth of Tunisia . They are the ones who stood up against the old regime and asked for their freedom of speech . The whole nation is happy about the revolution but after every revolution there are some economic and political problems such as unemployment , but we should stick together to make this happen . The stone which brought down the government we can use to rebuild the country .	"  Balti " is Tunisia 's best-known rapper His song "  Zine el Abadine Ben Ali and the 40 Thieves , " is about the country 's former president He says Tunisia 's rappers fueled its revolution Protests in other Arab countries must be peaceful , says Balti
CNN  -- The Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , office of a Lebanese television station was shut down after the station aired an interview with a Saudi man who bragged about his sex life , authorities said . Saudi authorities closed the office of the Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. , or LBC for two reasons , Abdul-Rahman Al-Hazza , spokesman for Saudi Arabia 's Ministry of Culture and Information , told CNN : "  No valid operating license and a violation of media policy in Saudi Arabia . " LBC is mainly owned by Saudi Prince al-Waleed bin Talal . Al-Hazza said LBC violated the media policy by filming and subsequently airing an episode of its popular show , "  A Thick Red Line , " featuring Mazen Abdul Jawad , a 32-year-old airline employee and divorced father of four who spoke openly about his sexual escapades , his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14 . Abdul Jawad also is shown in his bedroom , where he holds sexual aids up to the camera . The episode ends with him cruising the streets of Jeddah in his car looking for women . The episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where Shariah , or strict Islamic law , is practiced . Premarital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle . The segment in question has been posted on the video-sharing site YouTube since its initial broadcast last month and has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times . Local media reported Abdul Jawad was arrested a few days after the program aired and has been detained since last week . Some reports have suggested he could face punishments as severe as flogging or even the death penalty for the alleged crime of publicizing vice . Suleiman Al-Mutawae , acting spokesman for Jeddah police , told Arab News , an English-language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia , that speaking about promiscuous acts "  is a violation of the Shariah regulations on the one hand and against Saudi customs on the other . " All newspapers require government permission to publish in Saudi Arabia . Before Abdul Jawad 's detention , Arab News reported he initiated a damage-control campaign , apologized for his comments and was considering filing a complaint against the show 's producers for presenting him "  in the worst possible manner by taking two hours of footage and condensing it down to a minute-long segment . " CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad or his lawyer for comment . LBC has not commented on the situation . Asked how long LBC 's Jeddah offices will be closed , Al-Hazza said it was "  too early to ask that question " but noted that only the Jeddah offices of the channel had been shut down . LBC 's Riyadh office remains open , he said .	Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. office in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , shut down Station aired interview with Saudi man who bragged about his sex life Abdul Jawad shown in his bedroom holding sexual aids up to the camera Episode causes uproar in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Could simply sitting on a train or in a classroom land you in the hospital ? That 's a possibility in Northern California , where health officials are trying to get the word out that a University of California , Berkeley , student may have exposed classmates and strangers to measles . The school 's university health services said a student who contracted measles -- likely during a trip overseas -- had spent time in and around campus and commuting to and from his home in Contra Costa County on Bay Area Rapid Transit , or BART , trains during the February 4 to 7 morning commutes and in the late evening . In the process , he may have infected any number of people , and not just those he rubbed elbows with or shared bodily fluid with . As the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes , measles spreads through coughing , sneezing or breathing and "  any child who is exposed to it and is not immune will probably get the disease . " Erika Jenssen , the communicable disease program director for Contra Costa Health Services , said Thursday even those who shared the same airspace as the infected student 1 to 2 hours after the fact -- and who have not been vaccinated for measles -- may get sick . "  Measles is a very serious viral illness , " Jenssen told reporters , "  and it is very contagious . " The good news is that the majority of Americans ca n't get it , because they are vaccinated for life . The Berkeley student , though , was not vaccinated . Measles start out much like a common cold , with high fevers , red eyes and a telltale rash often following . Children are particularly susceptible : About 10 % of them who get measles come down with ear infections , and roughly 5 % end up with pneumonia . One or two of 1,000 children with measles die , according to the CDC . Measles vaccinations typically are given at an early age and over multiple rounds . A person is n't considered fully vaccinated until they have gone through the whole gamut , meaning that young people midway through that process still may be at risk .	A Cal Berkeley student diagnosed with the measles may have exposed others Health officials issue warning to classmates , those who commuted on BART "  Measles is a very serious viral illness , and it is very contagious , " official says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Layoffs for sea lions ? Furloughs for frogs ? Is there no job security , anywhere ? State budget cuts mean New York 's 76 zoos , botanical gardens and aquariums will lose $ 9.1 million in funding . The recession may be coming to a zoo near you . State budget cuts mean many zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose crucial state funding for their exhibits . New York 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million in state funds next year . "  We 're faced with this very difficult problem of firing the animals , as it were , " said Steve Sanderson , the CEO of the Wildlife Conservation Society , which manages the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium . They will lose $ 3 million to budget cuts . The Bronx Zoo has made a short video posted on its Web site www.bronxzoo.com / to draw attention to the cuts . In the video , the zoo director fires a porcupine and a frog . "  I am sure you have heard that Gov. -LSB- David -RSB- Paterson 's proposed budget will mean severe cuts here at the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium , " the zoo director says . "  Next year , all 76 zoos , botanical gardens and aquariums in the state will lose all of their state funding . There is no easy way to say this : Even though you bring record numbers of people to New York and help the economy , we are going to have to let you go . " Firing a porcupine and a frog may be a cute way to get publicity for their budget woes , but it 's a serious matter and zoo officials say the recession will certainly affect the animals . Zoo officials say some collections with "  short life cycles " will not be replaced when they die , and other animals could be sent to other zoos or wildlife sanctuaries . The state of New York funds just 2.7 percent of the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium 's budget , but zoo officials say it will be difficult to make up . Between the state budget cuts , the loss in the value of their endowment and fewer people renewing memberships -- times are so tough for the zoo and aquarium -- they say they may lay off 120 to 130 people . "  Two-thirds of our budget is people , and so two-thirds of the cuts will come in cutting positions , " Sanderson said . "  And we 'll also cut back what we provide in the way of education and entertainment and nature experiences for people . So it affects everything . " Zoo officials questioned the state 's priorities . But just about everybody getting taxpayer funds has to cut back . Jeffrey Gordon , a spokesman for the New York State Budget Office told CNN the cuts are regrettable but necessary considering the state 's current financial crisis . Citing a "  dramatic reduction in revenue , " Gordon said , "  Every entity that receives state funds must do what the state has done , which is to review its operations and identify ways to operate at lower costs . " The Bronx Zoo is n't the only one affected ; cutbacks are happening everywhere . The Los Angeles Zoo in California stopped work on its $ 42 million elephant exhibit last year , and there are big budget cuts for zoos in Maryland , Missouri and North Carolina . There 's no relief for the zoos in the $ 819 billion economic stimulus package . Section 1109 of the stimulus bill which passed this week in the House forbids the use of federal taxpayer money to plug the budget gaps . Taxpayer watchdog groups lobbied to keep zoos , aquariums , swimming pools , golf courses and casinos out of the stimulus , arguing that there are higher priorities for Americans ' money during a recession .	State budget cuts threaten funding for zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens New York 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million Bronx Zoo : Some animals wo n't be replaced ; others may go to zoos , sanctuaries Zoos in Florida , Maryland , Missouri and North Carolina face budget cuts
CNN  -- A girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted in Las Vegas has been found and is safe , officials in Nye County , Nevada , said Friday . Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , is being sought as a suspect , police say . "  We have found the child , Madison . She 's safe . The detectives say she is in good condition , " Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said . The girl , now 7 , was shown in a sex video made four years ago , Detective David Boruchowitz said at a news conference Friday night . She was found Friday with family in Las Vegas after thousands of tips poured in , thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl 's picture . CNN and other news organizations did so until the child was found , when De Meo asked them to stop showing the picture . "  The mother has cooperated with us , " De Meo said . "  We believe that the mother was not aware of anything that went on with this young girl , " he said . "  It was very sad for her to find this out . " A former Las Vegas animal trainer , Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , De Meo said . Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas . Watch what 's known about Stiles " Stiles was a distant friend of the girl 's family , De Meo said . Someone close to Stiles has told investigators that Stiles is a "  survivalist type " and always carries a weapon , Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett said . De Meo addressed Stiles directly : "  Turn yourself in to your local law enforcement agency , " he said . "  Understand this : Law enforcement not only has a long arm , but a long memory . You will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency . " The FBI is also seeking Stiles on state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 in a separate matter , De Meo said . Police , who had called Stiles a person of interest , began calling him a suspect late Friday . There appeared to be physical similarities between Stiles and the man in the videotape , De Meo said . "  Nothing that I have seen in my career comes close to what this girl has gone through . Whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as I 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , " De Meo said earlier . Detectives said the child showed little emotion during the rapes , indicating she may have been brutalized before . Nevadan Darren Tuck recently gave police the videotape , saying he found it in the desert , De Meo said . Police said the tape was in his possession at least since May before he handed it over to authorities . He is being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support , but police -- who want to question him further -- have been unable to locate him . Tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , De Meo said . Harry Kuehn , Tuck 's attorney , said this week on CNN 's "  Nancy Grace " that Tuck was "  racked by indecision " about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . Asked why , Kuehn said , "  He 's explained that to us , and at this point , we 're not going to share that , because it goes to the defense of the matter . " "  You have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; He 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in Nye County ; it was previously unsatisfactory , " the attorney said . E-mail to a friend	Stiles described as "  survivalist type " who carries a weapon Mother has cooperated with police , sheriff says Girl on tape , now 7 , found safe with family Tape shows man sexually abusing the girl 4 years ago
Johannesburg  CNN  -- With an international tour at an end , Justin Bieber told his millions of fans he 's gon na "  chill " for a bit . You ca n't blame the guy . Seems as if trouble and controversy have followed him everywhere as he made his way across Europe and Africa . No wonder he tweeted Monday : "  Glad to chill for a few days . gon na take it easy . that was an amazing tour . thanks to all the fans around the world . #grateful to all of u. " The latest incident did n't directly involve the pop star but occurred just after the singer entertained 95,000 Beliebers at a stadium in Johannesburg , South Africa . Thieves broke into a safe and stole millions of rand , the equivalent of more than $ 110,000 , South African police said . So you ca n't blame that one on the Bieber , but it 's just one more negative press item in a tour that had its share of them . Within the past few months , his bus was searched  yes , a musician 's bus was searched !  in Sweden , he left a widely panned message in the guest book at the Anne Frank House in the Netherlands , and he ended up in the hospital after one show and showed up late for another in England . Have we forgotten anything ? Oh yeah , a concert-goer in Dubai rushed the stage and tried to grab him . Security took care of the interloper . And the monkey . He surrendered his young monkey to the authorities in Germany . It appears Mally the monkey will stay at the shelter where it is being kept , Billboard reported Monday . Bieber comes back to the States with an unresolved battery case in which a neighbor told police the pop star spit on him and threatened him . CNN affiliate KTLA reported the man wanted to discuss how fast the singer was driving in their tony neighborhood . And KTLA said last week the district attorney in Los Angeles is deciding whether to prosecute Bieber for the March incident , which occurred while he was on a tour break . Police : Thieves lowered themselves into room with rope The incident in South Africa took place after Soccer City , also known as the FNB Stadium , hosted rocker Bon Jovi on Saturday night and Bieber on Sunday night . "  That was a show ! 95000 strong ! #SoldOutStadium . Thank u Johannesburg ! " Bieber tweeted after the concert , the last stop on his international "  Believe " tour . South African police said thieves scaled down a rope into a stadium in Johannesburg and stole the contents of a walk-in safe . Employees had put the money in the safe after the concert Sunday night , said Lt. Col. Katlego Mogale , a spokesman for Gauteng police . Growing up Bieber When they came in Monday morning , they found the safe had been broken into , Mogale said . "  The intruders broke through the roof of the bathroom nearby , and there is evidence that they gained entry by abseiling down to gain access to the strong room , " Mogale said . Police were studying closed-circuit TV footage Tuesday for clues as they investigate the theft , he said . Mogale said it was a break-in rather than a heist , as some media have reported . Soccer City , site of the 2010 World Cup final , is the largest stadium in Africa . CNN 's Kim Norgaard reported from Johannesburg and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : The teen heartthrob has had a tour full of controversy and troubles Thieves broke into a South Africa stadium after Justin Bieber performed , police say They likely broke through a bathroom roof to access the area , police spokesman says The thieves stole millions of rand from a walk-in safe , police say
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Five U.S. contractors detained inside Baghdad 's Green Zone now face the Iraqi judicial system , which critics say is rife with problems . The case of five Americans detained in Iraq is likely to be handled by the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . The five were taken into custody early Wednesday in connection with the killing of another American contractor , James Kitterman , according to an Iraqi official involved in the investigation and another source with knowledge of the case . As of Monday , none of the five had been charged . However , under the Iraqi system of justice , they would not be charged until after an investigative judge examines the evidence and decides whether to refer the case to court for trial . The men appeared before an investigative judge Sunday and Monday and will appear again Tuesday , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told CNN . They were told to expect a decision Tuesday on whether they would be freed or stand trial , a source close to the suspects told CNN . Under Iraqi law , an investigative judge is assigned to a case when a person is detained . The judge questions the accused , takes statements , and examines and assesses evidence to build a case . The judge also can ask for additional investigators . The law says that detainees must meet with the judge within 24 hours of being detained . However , the current strain on the criminal justice system -- a large number of detainees and a shortage of judges -- means that in reality , the meeting rarely takes place within a day . A murder charge carries a potential death penalty in Iraq , and suspects can be detained indefinitely , according to the law -- "  as long as necessary for the investigation to proceed until the examining magistrate or criminal court issues a decision on the case on completion of the preliminary or judicial investigation or the trial . " Many Iraqi detainees are held for long periods without charges . Once the investigation is complete , the case can be dismissed if the judge decides the evidence against a suspect is insufficient . If the judge deems the evidence strong enough , the judge refers the case to the trial chamber of the court . The chamber can accept the case or send it back for further investigation . If the chamber accepts the case , a three-judge panel is assembled for trial and charges the suspect . In the Iraqi legal system , as in several other countries , jury trials do not exist . But as in most systems , the accused have a right to defense attorneys and attorneys are appointed for them if necessary . Cases like these would be handled by the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . The court has recently come under fire from Human Rights Watch , which in a report issued in December said the court "  is seriously failing to meet international standards of due process and fair trials . " Defendants are detained for long periods before trial with no judicial review , according to the human rights organization , and "  are not able to pursue a meaningful defense or challenge evidence against them . Abuse in detention , typically with the aim of extracting confessions , appears common . " In addition , defendants sometimes have substandard counsel , and the court frequently relies "  on the testimony of secret informants and confessions likely to have been extracted under duress . " In addition , the United Nations last month urged Iraq to impose a moratorium on the death penalty , saying its justice system could not guarantee fair trials . Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Abdul Karim Khalaf , however , told CNN that if the evidence against the men warrants it , they will receive a fair trial and will have the right to defend themselves with "  as many lawyers as they like , " either Iraqis or Americans . Those convicted of murder are executed by hanging . Death sentences , as well as sentences of life in prison , are automatically appealed . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Five detained American contractors appear in Iraqi court Monday , official says None has been charged ; in Iraqi system , judge will decide whether case goes to trial Critics say Iraqi court system fails to provide "  due process and fair trials " The five are being held in connection with death of another contractor , sources say
CNN  -- A video showing seven Estonians pleading for help in gaining their release -- a month after they were abducted while bicycling in Lebanon -- makes it clear their kidnappers "  want to keep contact , " Estonia 's foreign minister said Wednesday . Meanwhile , a Lebanese internal security spokesman told CNN on Wednesday that seven of 11 people for whom they have warrants in the kidnappings have been arrested . However , authorities say , they are unable to determine the Estonians ' whereabouts because the people who abducted them operate in cells , meaning members of one group have no information about -- or direct contact with -- members of another . The men in the video appear to be in good health , but there was no way to determine when it was shot . It was the first contact from the men or their abductors since a web posting from a previously unknown group claiming it was responsible for the abduction . In the video , which was sent as a YouTube link in an e-mail to the Estonian foreign ministry , one of the abductees reads in English from a statement calling on Lebanon 's caretaker prime minister , Saad Hariri , and the leaders of Saudi Arabia , Jordan and France to do anything in their power to get them back home . After that , each of the other men makes a short plea for help . Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet was in Abu Dhabi Wednesday for a meeting of the foreign ministers of the European Union and Gulf Co-Operation Council , during which he secured pledges of cooperation from the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia in finding the seven . He said Jordan "  and many colleagues from European Union and NATO countries " also had agreed to help . Paet told CNN that the men were abducted by "  local criminals " in the Bekaa Valley on March 23 as they bicycled into northeastern Lebanon from Syria . They then were handed over to an unknown group . In early April a statement was posted on a Lebanese news portal by a previously unknown group calling itself the Renaissance and Reform Movement , saying they had carried out the kidnappings and would issue demands , but none has since been made . The video released Tuesday also included no demands . CNN Correspondent Arwa Damon described the border region where the men were abducted , as "  very porous , " and that it is "  very difficult for Lebanese authorities to navigate , as well . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Kathryn Tancos contributed to this report .	Video shows seven Estonian men pleading for international community 's help They were abducted while bicycling into Lebanon from Syria on March 23 Estonian foreign minister says they were taken by local criminals , then handed off The video makes it clear kidnappers "  want to keep contact , " minister says
CNN  -- She is small but only in physical stature . Aung San Suu Kyi is the very embodiment of Myanmar 's long struggle for democracy . The 65-year-old human rights activist has defied Myanmar 's authoritarian military junta with her quiet demeanor and grace . For that she has endured house arrest for most of the past two decades and , perhaps , has become the world 's most recognizable political prisoner . She has lived quietly by herself at her disintegrating Inya Lake villa in Yangon  the former capital , also known as Rangoon  , accompanied solely by two maids . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate has had little outside human contact except for visits from her doctor . Sometimes , though , she has been able to speak over the wall of her compound to her supporters , never once giving up her crusade to break down the tyranny of dictatorship in her beloved homeland of Burma , the alternate name for Myanmar . Known as the "  lady " in Myanmar , Suu Kyi has been compared to former South African President Nelson Mandela , who spent a chunk of his life in jail for fighting apartheid . In an interview with CNN , Suu Kyi , in fact , likened Myanmar 's plight to South Africa 's former brutal race-based system . "  It 's a form of apartheid , " she said . "  In Africa , it was apartheid based on color . Here , it is apartheid based on ideas . It is as though those who want democracy are somehow of an alien inferior breed and this is not so . " The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi spent much of her early life abroad , going to school in India and at Oxford University in England . She never sought political office . Rather , leadership was bestowed upon her when she returned home in 1988 after her mother suffered a stroke . During her visit , a student uprising erupted and spotlighted her as a symbol of freedom . When Suu Kyi 's mother died the next year , Suu Kyi vowed that just as her parents had served the people of Burma , so , too , would she . In her first public speech , she stood before a crowd of several hundred thousand people with her husband , Michael Aris , and her two sons and called for a democratic government . "  The present crisis is the concern of the entire nation , " she said . "  I could not , as my father 's daughter , remain indifferent to all that was going on . This national crisis could , in fact , be called the second struggle for independence . " She won over the Burmese people . The following year , the military regime threw her in jail . But even with Suu Kyi sitting behind bars , her National League for Democracy won the 1990 elections by a landslide , gaining 82 percent of the seats in parliament . The regime ignored the results of the vote and Senior Gen. Than Shwe continued to impose numerous terms of house arrest on her . Suu Kyi , meanwhile , became the recipient of several human rights prizes and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . Over the years , Suu Kyi has repeatedly challenged the junta and discouraged foreign investment in Myanmar . In one incident in 1998 , soldiers prevented her from leaving Yangon . But Suu Kyi refused to turn back and was detained in her minivan for almost two weeks . The ordeal left her severely dehydrated , but was typical of her almost stubborn determination . "  She is the symbol of the hope for the people of Burma . If she is out today the whole country will rise up , will follow her , " said Khin Omar of the Network for Democracy and Development . Over the years , Suu Kyi has made it clear that she remains devoted to bringing democracy to Myanmar . She has spoken of her separation from her loved ones as the sacrifice she chose to make for the freedom of her country . She has not seen her sons since 2000 . The year before , her dying husband petitioned the Myanmar authorities to allow him to visit his wife . He had last seen her in 1995 . His request was rejected . Instead , the junta encouraged Suu Kyi to join her family abroad . But she said she knew that if she left , she would never be allowed to return . Aris died of prostate cancer in March 1999 . Even before they were married , Suu Kyi had penned a letter to Aris professing her love of country . "  I only ask one thing , " she wrote , "  that should my people need me , you would help me to do my duty by them . " Suu Kyi tried to break the monotony of her life by playing her piano , another passion in her life , according to the independent Irrawaddy magazine . But the piano has been broken for years and she has taken up painting to fill the void , the magazine reported . One day , maybe , people will see her canvases . Suu Kyi has also asked her lawyers to bring her books in English and French . Last year , Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz was allowed to present her with his book "  Globalization and Its Discontent . " Again in 2007 , people defiantly took to the streets to protest rising fuel costs . The demonstrations were seen as a direct challenge to the authority of the government . The regime answered with a brutal crackdown . Suu Kyi 's detention was extended again and again . She appeared gaunt -- and unhappy . Even when Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar in May 2008 , Suu Kyi was not allowed to leave her house , though trees were crashing down all around her . The following year , Myanmar was again propelled into the headlines by a bizarre incident involving an American , John Yettaw , who improvised flippers to swim Inya Lake to Suu Kyi 's compound . He said he had received a message from God to do so . Yettaw was arrested , and Suu Kyi was put on trial , charged with harboring Yettaw , and was punished with another 18 months of house arrest . During the trial , she was able to meet with diplomats . High on her agenda was the election that was held this week . She and her party boycotted the vote , certain that it would be a sham . "  In Burma , the regime can control people but they can not control her , they can not shut her mouth , " said analyst Win Min . "  They can release other political prisoners but they are worried that if they release her she will speak out . " The junta has organized national conventions to debate their version of a new democratic Myanmar . The road map makes no mention of Suu Kyi . Some believe that Suu Kyi 's stubborn defiance has become an obstacle to progress in Myanmar . But her followers remain ardent in their admiration . She has clung to her dream of democracy , peace and freedom for Myanmar 's 50 million impoverished people , they say . Those simple ideals have greatly complicated one woman 's life . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Aung San Suu Kyi has vowed to fight for freedom She has been under house arrest for much of the past two decades She has defiantly challenged the authority of the military junta She likens Myanmar 's plight to South African apartheid
A trio of heavily armed state troopers looked down intently from a bridge in rural Pennsylvania . Behind them , a slow procession of unmarked cars climbed a steep hill to deliver the next tour of local , state and federal law enforcement agents in the nearly two-week hunt for cop-killing suspect Eric Matthew Frein . Broken branches beneath the span caught the troopers ' attention . Two officers , carrying rifles and wearing ballistic vests , descended to inspect . The third stood guard above . Every disturbed branch merits a closer look for clues to the whereabouts of the self-styled survivalist with a grudge against law enforcement . Frein , 31 , is the suspect in a September 12 ambush that left Cpl. Byron Dickson dead and another trooper wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . On Wednesday , with as many as 1,000 law enforcement officers involved in the manhunt at a given time , authorities revealed that the meticulous , grid-like search over up to 3 square miles of hilly terrain may be paying off . There have been a number of sightings of a man believed to be Frein -- a war buff obsessed with Eastern European military conflicts -- by both local residents and police , State Police Lt. Col George Bivens said without giving further details . The last sighting came about 24 hours ago . The sightings were from a significant distance , however , and Frein has continued to elude authorities . The search has yielded an empty pack of Serbian cigarettes , Bivens said . Frein claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa and has studied Russian and Serbian languages , according to the FBI , which last week named him one of its 10 Most Wanted fugitives . Soiled adult diapers were also found , perhaps used by Frein to stay in a stationary position for long periods of time . "  I think this is a game to him in some ways , " Bivens said . It 's a game that 's wearing thin on some residents of Pike and Monroe counties who have been affected by the massive manhunt . Local lawyer Joshua Prince is asking residents who feel that their rights have been violated during the police manhunt to contact his law firm . "  I 've spoken with a number of individuals who have either been excluded from their homes , ordered to stay in their homes or have been subjected to searches of their vehicles all without warrants or court orders , " he said . "  These are innocent third parties , " he added . "  They have no relationship with Mr. Frein , and the Pennsylvania State Police and FBI appear to be merely doing whatever they want up there and ordering people to allow them to go through their homes and vehicles , all in violation of the U.S. Constitution . " In a statement Tuesday night , the Pennsylvania State Police , the lead agency in the investigation , said that "  at no time " were residents completely restricted from access to their homes . "  To clear up any misconceptions regarding the search , we have been diligent in respecting the rights of the public while working hard to keep both residents and law enforcement personnel safe . We need to be deliberate and methodical in our operations , as we still believe that Eric Frein is armed and very dangerous , " the statement said . Bivens thanked residents for their "  patience and understanding " and said troopers were "  doing their best to balance safety concerns . " Over the weekend , authorities discovered an AK-47 rifle , some magazines and a small bag of ammo believed to belong to Frein . Greg Huelbig , who owns the 402 Cafe about 100 yards away , said many residents were inconvenienced but understood the work of law enforcement . "  There is frustration , but I do n't think it 's due to the troopers or local responders doing their jobs , " he said . "  It 's an inconvenience , obviously . ... We 're frustrated because the search is still ongoing and we have a dangerous criminal in our backyard . ... Everybody that 's talking about being locked out or being locked down , they understand why it 's happening . But yes , they 're frustrated . They 're upset . " Area schools opened Tuesday for the first time since the middle of last week , although some school buses were kept off roads because of heavy police activity . There was increased security throughout the Pocono Mountain School District , and students would remain indoors , according to the district 's website . "  This is an extremely difficult situation for our community , " the website said . "  Schools will be in session but , ultimately it is your decision as parents whether to send your children to school . The District will respect your decision and all absences will be excused and will not impact a student 's perfect attendance . " For the moment , the reopening of schools and roads Tuesday provided a sense of relief vof a community under virtual lockdown . On Wednesday , attendance in the 9,800-student district was up to 84 % after dropping to 70 % the day before . After-school athletic practices were moved indoors and home athletic competitions canceled . "  I talked to a mom or two that had n't sent their children to school but wanted to know how things were going , " district spokeswoman Wendy Frable said . "  Once I reassured them , they said they were considering sending their children to school . They 're concerned about the safety of the students . " Bivens said an examination of Frein 's notes and reading material as well as interviews with relatives and others reveal that he probably had planned the shootings for months , if not years . The distance and rugged terrain separating officers from the suspect during recent sightings meant "  he has had the ability to disappear , " Bivens said . Slaying planned for months ? Authorities have said that Frein hated law enforcement and that they believe that he 's solely focused on hurting more officers but not civilians . "  We 're not going away , " Bivens said . "  We 'll be here until we apprehend him . " For residents , life in the Pocono Mountains has changed . "  We 're the country , but it does n't seem very country-ish right now , " Frable said . "  It 's not the normal routine . "	A number of sightings of Eric Frein have been reported in rural Pennsylvania The long manhunt is wearing thin on some residents of Pike and Monroe counties Frein , a self-styled survivalist , is believed to be hiding in the woods He is accused of killing one Pennsylvania state police officer and shooting another
CNN  Amy Schumer seems to be trying single-handedly this week to make everyone in America laugh . And she 's off to a good start . The comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet Tuesday night at the 2015 TIME 100 gala in New York -- right in front of fellow honorees Kanye West and Kim Kardashian , who stepped around her as they moved down the line . The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although Kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused . "  I saw them , and I asked my publicist , ` Can I dive in front of them and act like I fell ? ' And she said , ' I ca n't stop you , ' " Schumer told People . The prank came the same night the third season of Schumer 's hit show , "  Inside Amy Schumer , " premiered on Comedy Central . The episode has won praise for its "  Milk Milk Lemonade " video , which ridicules mens ' obsession with a certain female body part , and a "  Friday Night Lights " parody in which high school football players protest their new coach 's "  no raping " policy . And it came the night after Schumer appeared on CBS ' "  The Late Show " and turned David Letterman red-faced when she lifted her dress to show him a scar she got from surfing and said , "  That 's my vagina . " Letterman , who had urged her to "  do something now that you 'll regret , " turned to the chortling audience and said , "  Well , I asked for it , did n't I ? " So yes , you can say Schumer -- who in the past two weeks has graced the cover of Entertainment Weekly , hosted the MTV Movie Awards and learned her TV show was just renewed for a fourth season -- is having a moment . "  They were right there ! The epicenter of American  celebrity culture .  Got ta do it , " Schumer told People about her Kimye red carpet dive . "  It was the best . "	Amy Schumer took a fake tumble Tuesday in front Kanye West and Kim Kardashian The comedian pulled the prank at the TIME 100 gala in New York Schumer , whose "  Inside Amy Schumer " also premiered Tuesday , is having a moment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sheila Wash greets her son and daughter , 13-year-old Cecil and 9-year-old Sheliah , every day when their school buses arrive "  home . " Sheila Wash says being homeless has been an "  eye-opening experience " for her . They talk about the school day , their homework and even joke that Sheliah ca n't remember what she ate for lunch . The fourth-grader wonders aloud , "  What did we have ? We had something good . " But it 's hardly a homecoming for any of them . The Wash family has been homeless since 2007 , after Sheila lost her government job . She says unemployment benefits quickly ran out and , as she searched for a job , the family was forced to move six times in the last two years . They 're now living in the Family Forward Shelter in Washington . "  I just thank God we have a roof over our head right now . You have to accept the things that come to you . You do n't like them but , you know , until you can get your foot forward , you do what you have to do . We just keep going , " Wash said . Wash 's situation was only made worse as the economic recession set in . Jobs became harder and harder to find with more competition for each position . She says she 's still searching . The Washes are part of the changing face of homelessness in America today . For years , homelessness has been depicted as that of an individual man or woman living on the street and begging for money . But with the perfect storm of the foreclosure crisis and the faltering economy , more and more families are becoming homeless . According to a recent count by the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments , the number of homeless families in the Washington region alone has jumped 15 percent since last year . There are several national estimates of homelessness , but many are dated or based on dated information . TheU.S . Department of Housing and Urban Development points to a study done in 2007 -- before the brunt of the foreclosure crisis hit -- which stated that about 3.5 million people , 1.35 million of them children , are likely to experience homelessness in a given year . That study was conducted by the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty "  People lose their jobs . Their monthly household expenses spiral out of control because maybe their car broke down that month , and when you have such a tight budget with high rental costs , there is no room for error . And so that is what really leads families to the shelter door , " said Mary Cunningham , author of "  Preventing and Ending Homelessness - Next Steps . " Reflecting on their struggles over the last few years , Sheila calls it "  eye-opening . " "  It 's like they say you never know -LSB- someone -RSB- until you walk in their shoes , so truly I know now and if I ever get out -LSB- of -RSB- this situation , I will always give back to people less fortunate than I am because I know their struggles , " Wash said . School officials in Prince George 's County , Maryland , where the two Wash children go to school , say a day does n't go by without the need to enroll another child as homeless . Denise Ross , supervisor for the school district 's Homeless Education Office , said they 've been inundated with requests . "  Some of them are embarrassed , some of them are scared , some of them are sad . They 're just not sure what 's going to happen next , " Ross said . "  Students who are displaced or homeless students feel that school is a safe haven . They really want to come to school . They really want to attend school . " For homeless students , Prince George 's County Schools offers free transportation to and from school , free breakfast and lunch , help with school supplies and also clothing . "  Either in the shuffle of being evicted or moving from shelter to shelter or place to place , their clothes may not have followed them . Or may have been set out and somebody may have taken them . So they may only have -LSB- the -RSB- clothes that are on their back . Our intent is always to provide them with at least three complete sets , " Ross said . Sheila Wash says school is not only important because of her children 's education , but it has also been an important source of stability in their lives . " -LSB- A -RSB- very big help , " she says . And help they still need with the obstacles ahead . Watch Kate Bolduan 's report on the Washes ' plight " The Family Forward Shelter is a hypothermia shelter , only open through the winter , which means the Wash family needs to find another temporary home , and they have n't had much luck . But with a smile that seems to never fade , 9-year-old Sheliah describes the one wish that keeps her family going . "  I wish we had a house with a car , " she says . "  I pray that my mom , that we wake up in the morning and that -LSB- we -RSB- get a house and everything we wanted . "	Sheila Wash and her two kids have been homeless since 2007 , after she lost her job School officials in the Washes ' district say more of their students are homeless Author : Having "  no room for error " on finances often sends families to shelter door By one count , homelessness in the D.C. area has jumped by 15 % over last year
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  As soon as the buses parked , the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac . They carried duffel bags , plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases . They 'd already abandoned larger bags in a mound . Only carry-on luggage was allowed on this Air India plane . The passengers were mostly Indian nationals , plus Yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . They sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes . The stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces . Nobody wanted to be left behind . They climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the Air India crew , all wearing pressed uniforms , the flight attendants fully made up . After takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight . But some passengers were already fast asleep , exhausted by the push to get out of Yemen , site of some of the most chaotic fighting in the Mideast . This scene has been repeated in recent days as countries work to get their citizens out of Sanaa during a small window when Saudi planes are not bombing the city in an attempt to drive out the Houthis , a Shiite group that has taken over the capital . Air India is especially active because so many Indian nationals work in other nations . Over the last few days , India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen , said Gen. Vijay Kumar Singh , the Indian deputy foreign minister who 's overseeing the evacuation . The flights are going to Djibouti , the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers  267 miles  away . Some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden . People are leaving behind much more than luggage . Damodar Thakur , a professor at Sanaa University , lived in the capital 34 years and built a life there . He loved living in Yemen . "  I never felt like a foreigner , " he said . Like the others , he was exhausted and jangled by the shelling and lack of electricity for long stretches . "  At night , my goodness ! " he said . "  Gunshots being fired every minute . Sometimes the sky full of sparkling lights . Some women crying , children terrified . Really bad . " The Houthi rebels control Sanaa , including the airport . But the Saudis are bombing the city and thus control air access in a way , so getting people out requires coordination . The Saudi air force gave Air India a four-hour window to go to and from Sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing . As the plane approached the city , the crew could see the scars of the fighting . There were no cars on the roads . Dozens of buildings were destroyed . At the airport , the landing strips and airport terminal were untouched by Saudi bombs , but buildings on the outskirts of the airport and planes along the airstrip had been blown to bits . The loading of passengers was swift . They approached the planes carrying boarding passes -- another touch of normalcy in the otherwise abnormal event . They did n't pay for the flight , though they had to purchase exit visas from the Houthis . Children sat on their parents ' laps to maximize the number of people on the plane . Some passengers fell asleep as soon as they took their seats before takeoff . Everyone seemed to carry the weight of war , especially nurses who had tended the wounded . From Djibouti , the evacuees will most likely disperse to their home nations . "  Now I can only pray for Yemen and those we left behind , " Thakur said .	Air India has evacuated 2,500 people in recent days from Yemen , Indian official says Passengers could only bring carry-on luggage onto the airplane The Saudis have not destroyed the airstrips , which are controlled by Houthis
CNN  -- Chelsea booked a semifinal date with Champions League holders Barcelona with a 2-1 win at Stamford Bridge over 10-man Benfica Wednesday . But their passage was not assured until substitute Raul Meireles scored the clinching goal in injury time . A first half penalty from Frank Lampard was canceled out by a late Javi Garcia header for the battling visitors , who had Maxi Pereira sent off just before halftime . Chelsea , who won 1-0 win in Lisbon last week , went through 3-1 on aggregate . Real Madrid thrashed spirited Cypriot minnows Apoel Nicosia 5-2 in their quarterfinal second leg in the Santiago Bernebeu stadium to win 8-2 on aggregate . Bayern Munich await Jose Mourinho 's men in the last four . Cristiano Ronaldo put Real ahead midway through the first half as he connected with Marcelo 's cross . Former World Player of the Year Kaka capped an electrifying first half performance with the second on 36 minutes with a curling shot . The visitors , the first Cypriot team to reach the last eight of the Champions League , had brief cause for celebration through a Gustavo Manduca goal just after the hour mark , but Ronaldo grabbed his second with a stunning free kick to re-open a two-goal advantage on the night . It was his eighth in the Champions League this season and leaves him one short of 50 in all competitions . Jose Callejon made it four for Real , but the visitors were not finished yet . Hamit Altintop brought down Adorno for a penalty and Estbeban Solari sent Iker Casillas the wrong way . An impudent chip from Angel di Maria rounded off the Real scoring on an eventful night . Chelsea 's continued their passage under interim manager Roberto Di Matteo , but their fans were kept on the edge of their seats until the very end of their second leg tie . Benfica made a bright start but when Garcia brought down Ashley Cole to concede a penalty , well-taken by Lampard , Chelsea could breath easier . Pereira , who had been needlessly booked for dissent , was shown his second yellow for a studs up challenge on Jon Obi Mikel to leave his side with an uphill task . But Chelsea wasted chances to wrap up the match , Ramires missing from close range and Fernando Torres firing agonizingly wide to leave Benfica with late hope . That was intensified as Garcia rose unmarked to head past Petr Cech only for Mereiles to burst clear and score with a thumping shot . A relieved Di Matteo said that he had always expected a tough passage to the semifinals . "  We knew before the game we were going to face a difficult game tonight and it proved that . "  Benfica are a good side , but we are pleased we are in the semifinal now . The second goal was missing to kill the game . With a 1-0 lead they still had a chance and they knew that . We missed a lot of chances to kill the game , " he told ITV Sport .	Chelsea beat 10-man Benfica 2-1 at Stamford Bridge Chelsea go through 3-1 on aggregate to meet Barcelona in last four Benfica 's Maxi Pereira sent off just before halftime for second yellow card Real Madrid beat Apoel Nicosia 5-2 to go through 8-2 on aggregate
CNN  I still remember sitting on the set of "  Crossfire " that day in 2004 as the floor manager counted down to blastoff . I was thinking : "  Jon Stewart , wow . I hope Diane is watching . " My wife , truth be told , rarely watched "  Crossfire , " but she rarely missed "  The Daily Show . " By the time Stewart finished disemboweling my show , I was hoping she was n't watching . From my perspective , the show that day was a debacle . I was unprepared for the onslaught since Stewart had recently been on "  Hannity & Colmes "  Fox News ' truly awful knockoff of "  Crossfire "  , and had not attacked that show at all . But he had a different agenda this day . I thought his charge that a 30-minute debate show was "  hurting America " was fatuous . But I love direct confrontation  obviously  . And I was not defensive because , as a former senior White House official , I know that being a cable TV host would never be the most important thing I do in my career . So I was actually interested in hearing Stewart 's full critique of "  Crossfire . " I heard that full critique eventually , but the audience never did . The show went off the rails and Stewart , who began by denouncing our hostile environment , was within minutes calling Tucker Carlson "  a dick . " So he never got to deliver his thoughtful , insightful criticism of our show -- until after the cameras were turned off . When the show ended , Stewart and his executive producer , Ben Karlin , sat with me and "  Crossfire 's " executive producer , Sam Feist , for 90 minutes . We had the kind of thoughtful , respectful dialogue that our audience deserved but never got . It has been 10 years , and I do not have contemporaneous notes . And , as we have been reminded recently , memory is a tricky and unreliable resource . Still , this is what I remember from our chat : Stewart thought it was absurd to pretend every issue could be reduced to a forced choice between the right and the left . I thought that was a good point . Some issues have seven sides , but better to air two than none . How Jon Stewart changed politics Then he said we deliberately booked the show to provoke division . Guilty . A discussion of religion , for example , would feature a debate between , say , the Revs . Jerry Falwell and Al Sharpton , when the truth is most believers fall somewhere in between . His criticism stung because I agreed this was a major shortcoming of our program . Stewart 's third point , though , is where we parted company . I asked him how he would organize a show like ours . He suggested that , on Social Security , for example , rather than two opposing politicians , we should get the nation 's foremost expert -- say , from Harvard -- and ask him or her what should be done to shore up our retirement system . I told him that was silly , forgetting that this is precisely what he tries to do with his "  Daily Show " interviews . This is not sophomore philosophy , I told him . There is no objective , Platonic truth . Some people , like me , believe retirement should be partly socialized . Others , such as Tucker Carlson , believe in a purely private system : If you do n't save for your own retirement , your neighbor has no obligation to bail you out . Both arguments have roots in the American spirit : We are at once wonderfully communitarian and intensely individualistic . I felt then -- and now -- that rather than pretend there is not a major philosophical difference , or that there is one objectively perfect solution , we should debate our policy options vigorously . Jon Stewart 's top 5 political moments I still think Stewart 's version of politics is naive . Washington is not -- and should not be -- the Holland Tunnel , where each side each takes a turn . Giving John Boehner control of the House on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays , and Nancy Pelosi the gavel on Tuesdays and Thursdays would be madness . The Founders designed the system to create conflict : that 's why we have three equal branches of government , each checking the other . And yet Stewart did have a point about excessive partisanship . He called me a hack -- which I am , if by "  hack " you mean someone who is a true believer in a particular political worldview . I believe deeply in the Democratic Party 's vision for America -- and yet I also believe there is a time for bipartisan cooperation , and was proud to work for President Bill Clinton as he pursued many bipartisan efforts . Then and now I believed we needed more partisanship , not less , in the run-up to the Iraq War . I was a vociferous , bitter opponent of George W. Bush 's war . What hurt America is that too few people were yelling about the looming disaster ; too many were cowed into going along with the bipartisan consensus that we should send other people 's sons and daughters to fight against a country that posed no threat to America . I am proud I was a loud voice of opposition . As I recall it , Stewart heard me out earnestly . Despite the televised food fight we 'd just been in , he was gracious and respectful , curious and thoughtful . As he got up to leave , he left us with this moment of Zen : "  Imus came to Washington and bashed you guys , and he got like 300 new stations . So I think this will work out for me . " It did . It also worked out for me . CNN canceled "  Crossfire " but has kept me on as a contributor , a role that I prefer . It gives me far more freedom than "  Crossfire " did . Rather than always narrowly toeing the party line , I am more free to criticize my people , for example , when President Barack Obama failed to go to the Mexican border to see the child immigration crisis firsthand . I have not spoken to Jon Stewart since that day . I ran into him in a hotel lobby once , and he darted away like he 'd seen a ghost . When I had a book I wanted to plug on his show , he would n't take my call . But I have remained an avid fan of "  The Daily Show , " and will miss his searing , satirical wit . Even though he no doubt ca n't stand me , I stand by my introduction of Stewart that day on "  Crossfire " : He is both the smartest funnyman on TV and the funniest smart man on TV .	Paul Begala co-hosted show where Jon Stewart launched attack on "  Crossfire " He says Stewart shared a thoughtful critique of show after the cameras stopped
CNN  -- A 109,305-acre fire , mostly on the grounds of a U.S. Energy Department facility containing a nuclear fuel development complex , has been fully contained , according to the government 's InciWeb fire incident information website . The so-called Jefferson Fire , at the Idaho National Laboratory , about 40 miles west of Idaho Falls , had been burning since Tuesday afternoon , driven by winds up to 45 mph . The cause is still unknown . InciWeb had said as of early Thursday afternoon , the fire was 60 percent contained . Sarah Wheeler , a Bureau of Land Management spokeswoman , confirmed the fire had burned a few hundred acres more while crews contained the final 40 percent of the blaze . "  That 's hard to do working 10 miles of fire line , " she said . The 142 personnel on site planned on patrolling , mopping up and monitoring the situation Friday , the InciWeb site said . About 80 percent of the charred land belongs to the Idaho National Laboratory , an applied engineering lab supporting the Energy Department 's missions in nuclear and energy research , science and national defense . During the fire , as a precautionary measure , the lab shut down power to the Materials and Fuels Complex , a nuclear research center , Wheeler said . That power has since been restored , she said . CNN 's Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	Firefighters have fully contained the 109,305-acre Jefferson Fire in Idaho , government site says The fire started Tuesday at the Idaho National Laboratory , a U.S. Department of Energy site Power has been restored to the laboratory 's nuclear fuel development complex Crews planned on mop-up work Friday
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  Lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel . And sometimes , airlines lose things that are irreplaceable . American Jennifer Stewart says she was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from Abu Dhabi to New York City : her 2-year-old pet cat , Felix . Stewart said that she and her husband , Joseph Naaman , booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1 . Shortly after the plane arrived in New York that evening , Felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport , according to Etihad Airways . Felix was able to get loose , Stewart said she believes , because the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area . Stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office after they landed at Kennedy last week and notified them that their cat 's carrier had been crushed . Photographs taken by Stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat 's carrier . At least one of the corners of the case appeared partially collapsed . Nearly one week later , Felix remains missing . "  For them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo , not a live animal , makes me sick , " Stewart said . "  You trust that people care and are doing the job well , and then this happens . " A representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that that the loss of pets during air travel is "  extremely rare . " The airline shipped more than 200 pets last year . Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat . The Abu Dhabi-based carrier also said it hired "  third-party specialists " to help in the hunt for Felix . "  We deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search , " Etihad Airways told CNN in a statement . "  We will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority . " Stewart and her husband booked the cat 's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States after living in Abu Dhabi for more than three years . The couple said they spent $ 1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight . "  You pay all of this money , but for what ? People assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of , but they 're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , " Stewart said . It is n't the first time a pet has gone missing at New York 's busiest airport . In August 2011 , a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco . That cat was eventually discovered -- alive -- two months later in a customs room at the airport . But the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost . This weekend , Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit , which provided a highly trained detection dog , to help track down Felix 's scent . A wildlife biologist who works with the airport has also placed traps to facilitate Felix 's safe return , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Officials at Kennedy have offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened , the Port Authority said . Stewart said the couple will continue to search the airport until they have answers . "  We just want to find Felix . But I just do n't know if we will , " she said .	Couple spends $ 1,200 to ship their cat , Felix , on a flight from the United Arab Emirates Felix went missing somewhere at John F. Kennedy International Airport , airline says Pets are "  treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , " Jennifer Stewart says
CNN  -- Two Spanish soldiers were among at least six coalition troops killed over the weekend in bombings and attacks around Afghanistan , according to military officials . One member of the International Security Assistance Force , the NATO-led coalition that is fighting al Qaeda , Taliban and other insurgent forces in the embattled southwest Asian nation , was killed Saturday in an attack in southern Afghanistan . The Spanish troops were conducting a reconnaissance patrol in northern Afghanistan , about 20 kilometers  12 miles  north of Qala-i-Naw , when their armored vehicle hit an improvised explosive device , according to a news release from Spain 's defense ministry . Sgt. Manuel Argudin Perrino and soldier Niryeth Pineda Marin were killed in the blast . Three other troops were flown by helicopter to a nearby hospital for treatment . Ruben Velazquez suffered various contusions , Jhony Alirio Herrera Trejos had a broken leg and probable broken arm , and Roi Villa Souto a fractured leg . The International Security Assistance Force also announced that one of its members died during an insurgent attack Sunday in eastern Afghanistan . Two service members were killed in southern Afghanistan -- one by an improvised explosive and the other in an insurgent attack . The coalition announced the developments in news releases without additional information , including the victims ' nationalities or the circumstances of their deaths . About 271 coalition troops -- most of them from the United States -- have died this year in Afghanistan , with 2,542 killed since the military operation began nearly 10 years ago .	2 Spanish troops are killed by an improvised explosive device , the defense ministry says 3 other coalition troops also die Sunday , reports the International Security Assistance Force 271 coalition troops have been killed this year in Afghanistan , and 2,542 since 2001
January 30 , 2014 What factored in to a snowy shutdown in parts of the South ? We 'll explore several different factors in today 's show , and we 'll tell you how the National Guard got involved . Also , a CNN journalist gets a firsthand view of Syria 's largest city , which has seen some of the most bitter fighting in the country 's civil war . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get credible information about driving in adverse conditions ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . National Guard 2 . Aleppo , Syria 3 . Cory Remsburg Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What kinds of problems did some commuters and students face as a result of the snowstorm in Atlanta ? What are some factors being blamed for this situation ? Why has the National Guard been called in to help ? 2 . Where is the town of Aleppo ? Why did the Syrian government take a plane full of journalists there ? How did some local officials respond to the journalists ? What did the journalists see in Aleppo ? 3 . Who is Sgt. First Class Cory Remsburg ? What is his story ? Why did President Obama focus on him in his State of the Union speech ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What elements do you think factored in to citywide gridlock in Atlanta after the snowstorm ? Do you think that anything could be done to prevent the same kind of situation in future snowstorms ? 2 . What do you know about driving in adverse weather ? Are there any tips you can share that could help others ? Explain . 3 . What message do you think that Syrian government officials were trying to convey to journalists about Aleppo ? Why do you think they chose journalists to receive this message ? How do you think a message by Syrian rebels message might differ from that of the government ? 4 . In the video , we hear President Obama say that Sgt. Remsburg "  never quits . " How might young people be inspired by Sgt. Remsburg 's story ? How do you overcome a personal challenge when you feel like quitting ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  Shortly after his tweet proclaiming "  snipers are n't heroes " netted a barrage of criticism , documentary filmmaker Michael Moore tried to explain where that sentiment came from -- his war veteran father . The controversial tweet Sunday came as "  American Sniper , " the Oscar-nominated biopic of a former Navy SEAL and sharpshooter , won the weekend box office . "  My uncle killed by sniper in WW2 , " Moore tweeted . "  We were taught snipers were cowards . Will shoot u in the back . Snipers are n't heroes . And invaders r worse . " The backlash soon followed . Former U.S. House Speaker and CNN contributor Newt Gingrich invited Moore to spend some time with terrorist cells overseas , then weigh in on the value of snipers . But Moore explained his tweet in a Facebook post : "  My dad was in the First Marine Division in the South Pacific in World War II . His brother , my uncle , Lawrence Moore , was an Army paratrooper and was killed by a Japanese sniper 70 years ago next month , " Moore wrote . "  My dad always said , ` Snipers are cowards . They do n't believe in a fair fight . Like someone coming up from behind you and coldcocking you . Just is n't right . It 's cowardly to shoot a person in the back . Only a coward will shoot someone who ca n't shoot back . ' " The "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " and "  Bowling for Columbine " director has long been a staunch advocate for stricter gun control laws in the United States , and his statements are known to court controversy . Opinion : Why I refuse to see ` American Sniper ' But Moore stressed that his comments were not a jab at the movie "  American Sniper , " which earned $ 105 million in weekend ticket sales and nabbed six Academy Award nominations last week , including best picture . The box office take trumped previous records for a January opening . "  I did n't say a word about ` American Sniper ' in my tweets , " Moore wrote on Facebook . "  Here 's what I think about American Sniper ' : Awesome performance from Bradley Cooper . One of the best of the year . Great editing . Costumes , hair , makeup superb ! " Why ` American Sniper ' is a smash hit Actor Seth Rogen equated the war drama to a Nazi propaganda film shown in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds . " Rogen later clarified his statement , tweeting , "  I just said something ` kinda reminded ' me of something else . I actually liked American Sniper . It just reminded me of the Tarantino scene . " "  American Sniper " is based on the best-selling memoir of the same name by Chris Kyle . Kyle served four tours in Iraq with the Navy SEALs and is lauded as "  America 's deadliest sniper . " He was not without controversy of his own , including disputed claims in his book that he punched former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura and killed two armed carjackers . Kyle was shot and killed by a former Marine in 2013 . ` American Sniper : ' Sarah Palin 's attack on ` Hollywood Leftists '	Filmmaker Michael Moore says he was taught snipers were "  cowards " He says his war veteran father told him that after his uncle was killed by a sniper Moore 's statements come the same weekend "  American Sniper " broke box office records
CNN  -- Responding to simmering controversy among Catholic bloggers about her new birth control program , Melinda Gates -- a practicing Catholic -- said she will not shrink from her role as an advocate for poor women . "  Part of what I do with the  Gates  Foundation comes from that incredible social justice I had growing up and belief that all lives , all lives are of equal value , " said Gates during a recent interview with CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . About the flak over her Catholicism she said : "  We 're not going to agree about everything , but that 's OK . " Gates is promoting an ambitious family planning program -- which includes raising billions of dollars to provide contraceptives to 120 million women worldwide -- at the London Summit on Family Planning July 11 . While most Catholics , in the United States , at least , according to polls , seem to agree with Gates that contraception for women is not controversial , some Catholic bloggers are taking issue with the plan . One blog in particular , LifeSiteNews.com , has frequently published diatribes against Gates , calling into question her faith , and calling her plan a "  blatant attack on Catholic sexual morality . " As far as the broader Catholic church stance on the Gates program , CNN requested a comment from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , but did not get a response . My Take : Catholic bishops against the common good For her part , Gates is trying to deflect the controversy , and concentrate on what she describes as a real need for contraception to empower women . "  I think we made birth control and contraceptives way too political in the United States , " said Gates , co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . "  I think if people understood that 200 million women want this around the world they would start to say , ` OK that makes sense . ' ... We should n't make it such a political issue . " Overheard : Contraceptives and Catholicism According to the Gates Foundation website , the focus of the family planning initiative will be on urban areas in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia , areas where maternal and infant mortality rates are high and contraception use is low . "  Africa 's the one place really in the world , for the most part , that contraceptives have n't been available and it 's really been a crime , " said Gates . "  If you see what 's happened in other countries that have had contraceptives , they use them first of all and the birth rates go down . ... The question is could it have come down even more quickly ? " Gates frequently cites research from a decades-long study in Bangladesh as a rationale for family planning . Given the ability to space out their children using birth control , women can begin what Gates calls a "  virtuous economic cycle . " The study , started in the 1970s in Matlab , compared a group with access to contraception and birth-control education to a similar group that did not have access to those things . My Take : The myth and reality of the Catholic vote "  In  the community that had access to contraceptives , the women chose to use them , the families grew up wealthier , fewer women died in childbirth , " said Gates . "  And what we 're seeing happening with that is that it 's playing out again all over the world . These small scale things you have in terms of giving a family the access leads to huge economic changes . " To effect that cascade of economic change worldwide will take $ 4 billion , according to Gates . The London summit kicks off the Foundation 's official campaign for support and funding for that effort . No doubt , the family planning initiative will roll out despite Catholic protestations , and Gates says this is the issue for which she hopes to be remembered . "  I work on a broad set of foundation issues , " said Gates . "  But this one for me has really grasped my heart and my mind . She added : "  This will be my lifetime 's work at the foundation . " Read more about this debate on CNN 's Belief blog	Melinda Gates is co-founder with Bill Gates of charitable foundation Melinda Gates is a practicing Catholic Her foundation initiative for contraception in third world generating Catholic criticism Gates says she will continue to advocate for access to birth control
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- For days , relatives , friends and much of Pakistan have been waiting for a sign that a 14-year-old blogger and activist will survive being shot in the neck by would-be assassins . On Saturday , they finally got it . "  She moved her limbs today when doctors reduced sedation to make a clinical assessment , " military spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said . Malala Yousufzai remains under the close watch of doctors at a Rawalpindi hospital , as she fights to recover from her attempted assassination on Tuesday . Bajwa said Friday that "  the next 36 to 48 hours are important " in deciding whether she makes it through , or not . Even with the progress , the girl still has a long road ahead . She remained unconscious and on a ventilator Saturday . Young Malala had become a Pakistani and international icon for her efforts defending the right of girls to go to school where she lives , the Taliban-heavy Swat Valley . She was riding home in a school van this week in the tense region , which rests along the Afghan border , when gunmen jumped into the vehicle and demanded to know which girl she was . Her horrified classmates pointed to her , and the men fired . Two other girls were wounded , but not seriously . Since then , supporters have gathered around the country for small vigils to pray for her recovery . Government officials in Peshawar , the main city in the northwestern region where Malala is from , were silent for one minute in her honor . An international team of neurological specialists said her condition was stable Friday , but they were monitoring her closely . Her family waits , and hopes , yet they are afraid to give away where they are exactly . They 're terrified that Taliban who would gun down a teenager would n't hesitate to come after them . The Malalas you 'll never meet Brave blogger Malala gained fame for blogging about how girls should have rights in Pakistan , including the right to learn . She spoke out in a region of the country where support for Islamic fundamentalism runs high . "  I have the right of education , " she said in a CNN interview last year . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Malala , whose writing earned her Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize , also encouraged young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms . "  God will ask you on the day of judgment where were you when your people were asking you ... when your school fellows were asking you , and when your school was asking you , " she said in her CNN interview , " -LSB- ` Why -RSB- I am being blown up ? ' " The Taliban believe no girl should be educated , and they 've threatened that if Malala survives , they will murder her . Despite the threat , some Pakistani schoolgirls are saying Malala 's shooting wo n't stop them from continuing their education . "  In our society , girls do n't have rights and they do n't get to study , but I think that 's completely wrong , " one of the girls told a CNN reporter . "  I think we have the same rights as men and we will stand up for our rights . And we will go out and encourage all girls to study . " Police make arrests , close in on attackers Police arrested 200 suspects , but released all but 35 . Those still in detention gave police information that led to the arrest of three more suspects , said Ghulam Muhammad , a local government official . Though many Pakistanis are appalled by the attack , the Taliban have kept up their vicious comments , saying that they figured shooting the teenager would have an impact in the West . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " Taliban spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan said . Opinion : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice ` Malala is Pakistan 's daughter ' Indeed , the attack did stir global debate . Leaders across the world spoke out , including those in Pakistan . The teenager has come to symbolize a battle between freedom and oppression , violence and peace , a young generation and a group that is hell-bent on keeping Pakistan under the grip of Islamic extremism . "  Malala is Pakistan 's daughter , Pakistan 's real face , Pakistan 's messenger of love and peace , " Pakistani Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf said . The country is fighting terrorism because it 's a "  menace . " On her blog , Malala often wrote about her life in Swat Valley , a hotbed of militant activity . The valley near the Afghanistan border once attracted tourists to Pakistan 's only ski resort , as well as visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . But that was before militants -- their faces covered -- unleashed a wave of violence . They demanded veils for women , beards for men and a ban on music and television . They allowed boys ' schools to operate but closed those for girls . "  We have sacrificed , both man and material and our valiant armed forces , innocent children , citizens , workers and leaders , " Ashraf said Friday . "  But now the nation is united and we have to unite and stand together to uproot this menace from our motherland and our children . " Speaking in Rawalpindi , Ashraf thanked political leaders and others who have stood up in support of Malala . "  We would together like to give this message to fight against the mindset that attacked her , " he said . ` Education is the best thing ' At Islamabad 's Khaldunia High School , students hung banners and wrote letters demanding that the government do everything possible to save Malala . Girls look up to Malala , said one female student whose identity CNN is n't revealing to protect her safety . "  I was really shocked because she was so ambitious ... " she said . "  I pray for her health . " "  To have the courage to actually go against all that , " another girl said . "  I think that was quite respectable . " A reporter asked if the attack has inspired them and if they planned to speak up even louder . "  I want these people who attacked her to learn that women are not all bad , " one girl answered . "  They are basically afraid of giving women equal rights because they 're afraid of what women can do because they know they can do a lot . "  I want to speak up so they can learn some lessons from that message . " One boy said he wanted to study more because of Malala . He wo n't take going to school for granted anymore , he said . "  What I learned from her is that education is the best thing , and if I get an education , I will be a better person , " said another boy , 14 . A ` barbaric act ' President Asif Ali Zardari told Malala 's father Friday that he was grieving and in shock over her shooting , and he condemned "  the barbaric act of the militants , " according to a news release from his office . The president also said Malala and the other two victims of the attack should get free medical care . Photos : Who are the Taliban ? Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Thursday called the attempted assassination of Malala "  a wake-up call " for the nation . Pakistani media reports suggested that the government is considering sending her overseas for treatment , but Bajwa , the military spokesman , said Friday that there is no plan yet to do that . Media inside Pakistan continue to debate how to respond to Malala 's shooting . "  Just as the Taliban scare us with terror , we must scare them by making them unable to operate , " Madiha Afzal , an assistant professor at the University of Maryland who grew up in Pakistan , wrote in an opinion piece published in The Express Tribune . "  We must terrorize them by investing more than ever before in educating girls , " she said . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , now the U.N. special envoy for global education , has traveled to Pakistan and advocated for girls ' education there . He said in an editorial published Friday that Zardari has invited him to return in November to lead a delegation of education leaders to come up with ways to improve opportunities for children . "  I have asked Pakistan 's President Zardari to pledge that Malala 's suffering will not be in vain , " he wrote . Education a focus on International Day of the Girl Gallery : Prominent women speak on International Day of the Girl Opinion : Make schools safe for girls everywhere International Day of the Girl : Advice from leading women Your stories : Girls + Education CNN 's Ashley Fantz and journalists Nasir Habib , Aamir Iqbal and Noreen Shams contributed to this report .	NEW : Malala Yousufzai moves her limbs , a military spokesman says NEW : Still in critical condition , she remains unconscious and on a ventilator The 14-year-old who advocated for girls ' education was shot by Taliban attackers The Taliban have vowed to kill Malala if she survives
CNN  -- Suspected cop killer Eric Matthew Frein appears to have left handwritten notes in the Pennsylvania woods in which he chillingly describes his ambush of two state troopers last month , State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Wednesday . "  Friday September 12 , got a shot around 11 p.m. and took it . He dropped ... I took a follow up shot on his head , neck area . He was still and quiet after that . Another cop approached the one I just shot . As he went to kneel , I took a shot at him and he jumped in the door . His legs were visible and still , " the note reads , according to Bivens . CNN first reported on the handwritten notes on Monday . Frein , 31 , is suspected in the September 12 ambush that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . Bivens said Frein faces two additional counts of possession of a weapon of mass destruction after two booby trapped pipe bombs were discovered in the Pocono Mountains search area last week . Authorities said a search of Frein 's bedroom turned up a variety of black and synthetic powders -- material consistent with what was used to make the two pipe bombs . In the search of his bedroom , investigators also found galvanized steel pipes drilled out to accept fusing material , end caps , pyrotechnic fuse and improvised explosive initiators . "  The design is simple but very dangerous and could have caused significant injury to anyone in the vicinity of that explosive , " said Sam Rabadi , special agent in charge of ATF in Pennsylvania . Who is Eric Frein ? Bivens said the handwritten notes were discovered among items left behind at a campsite located by law enforcement agents on September 29 . After the shooting , Frein supposedly wrote , "  I ran back to the jeep . I made maybe half a mile ... and hit a road block . I did n't expect one so soon . It was only 15 to 20 minutes . " Bivens quoted the suspect as writing that he "  did a k turn a quarter mile from them and pulled into a development I knew had unfinished access road . Hearing helos , I just used my marker lights , missed the trail around a runoff pool and drove straight into it . Disaster . Made half attempt to stash AK and ran . " A massive search for Frein has been carried out since , at times involving as many as 1,000 officers . Despite recent sightings and other leads , he has eluded authorities . The manhunt has cost several million dollars , Bivens said . Authorities have said that a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein shows that he had planned the attack for years . Frein has been described as a survivalist and military reenactment enthusiast with a hatred for law enforcement , authorities say . CNN 's David Shortell and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Eric Frein appears to have left notes after allegedly killing cop in Pennsylvania Frein , 31 , suspected in September 12 ambush of 2 officers ; 1 died Police say he planned attack for years
CNN  -- Atlanta Hawks general manager Danny Ferry is taking an indefinite leave of absence , the NBA team 's chief executive announced Friday , days after a report surfaced about controversial comments Ferry made about a free agent player . Ferry made the remarks about Luol Deng during a June conference call about prospective players , according to a letter obtained by CNN affiliate WSB and audio of that call obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . J. Michael Gearon Jr. , a minority owner of the Hawks , wrote the letter to team owner Bruce Levenson shortly after the conference call to complain about Ferry 's language . In that letter , Gearon said Ferry -- in addition to positive statements about Deng -- described the now-Miami Heat forward as "  a two-faced liar and cheat " who is "  like a guy who would have a nice store out front but sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back . ' " Gearon also stated that the Hawks GM said Deng "  has a little African him . " This sentiment is reflected in the audio of the call posted to the AJC 's website , in which a man purported to be Ferry describes Deng as "  a good guy overall , but he 's not perfect . He 's got some African in him . " He says that Deng "  was very worried about his bobblehead being the last one given away that year , or that there 's not enough stuff on him in the team store . " Hawks general manager accused of racist comments Ferry apologized for the comments in a statement Tuesday , describing them as "  insensitive remarks . " Then , Friday afternoon , he requested "  an indefinite leave of absence , effective immediately , " Hawks CEO Steve Koonin said in a statement . "  It is my hope that this time away from the Hawks organization allows him the privacy he needs to listen to the community , to learn about his mistakes , and to begin the long process of personal healing , " Koonin said . "  As a human being , manager and friend , I wish him well as he undergoes this process . " Ferry released his own statement Friday , reiterating his apology to Deng and "  all that I have offended . " He said "  these were not my words " but "  I deeply regret repeating them . " He did not address specifics of the conference call . The former NBA player-turned-executive has said he was reading from scouting materials provided to him . CNN obtained a copy of such a scouting report on Friday . It contained elements of Ferry 's remarks on that June conference call , but it was not word-for-word of what he said . In his latest statement , Ferry said he plans to meet with community leaders to "  further educate myself and others on the extremely sensitive issues surrounding race , diversity and inclusion . " "  My focus moving forward is to tirelessly work to rebuild trust with this community and with our fans , " said Ferry . " ... I will find a way to make a positive difference in this area , and further learn from the sensitivity training that I will go through . " Follows a report about other racially charged remarks The WSB report came days after Levenson announced he would sell his stake in the franchise following the release of a racially charged email he wrote in 2012 . The email was found by an outside law firm brought in to review the Hawks franchise following Ferry 's comments in June . The comments had spurred concern within the organization , especially given the uproar over former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling 's racial remarks . In the email , which was sent to Ferry , Levenson described the franchise 's difficulties in attracting more affluent white season-ticket holders . The email -- one of 24,000 pieces of evidence looked at as part of the outside investigation , according to Koonin -- bemoaned the high number of black cheerleaders and said that white fans may have been scared away by black fans . Hawks owner to sell team after racially charged email "  Bruce was confronted with this email from 2012 , " Koonin told CNN 's Martin Savidge , "  and he decided that instead of fighting it ... he thought it was best for the city , for the team , for his family , to walk away . " NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who brought the hammer down to force out Sterling as the Clippers owner , called Levenson 's 2012 email "  entirely unacceptable " and commended Levenson for self-reporting to the league office . Silver said the league will work with the Hawks to determine the appropriate sale process for the team . As to Ferry , the commissioner told USA Today this week that he did n't believe the Hawks general manager should be fired for his June comments . "  Understanding ... the fact that he was looking at the scouting report as a reference when he was making these remarks -- ... my opinion is that this is a team decision in terms of what the appropriate discipline is for their employee , " Silver told the newspaper . "  But if I 'm being asked my view , I 'm saying that , based on what I know about the circumstances , I do n't think it 's a terminable offense . " Not everyone agrees . NBA great Earvin "  Magic " Johnson , for example , tweeted Tuesday that Ferry should step down for his comments . "  The city of Atlanta and the Hawks fans deserve and should demand better from the Hawks leadership , " said Johnson , who had a significant , albeit indirect role in the Sterling saga and was among those who pushed hard for the then-Clippers owner 's ouster . CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Hawks GM Danny Ferry vows , "  I will find a way to make a positive difference " Ferry requests and is granted a leave of absence , CEO says He has been under fire for comments he made about player Luol Deng
CNN  -- In the summer of 2007 , two Palestinian groups -- Fatah and Hamas -- fought street battles in Gaza . Fatah , loyal to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , was losing . And a U.S. diplomatic cable indicates that "  desperate , disorganized , and demoralized " Fatah members appealed to Israel to attack their rival . The cable quotes the head of the Israeli Security Agency , Yuval Diskin , as telling U.S. diplomats , "  They are approaching a zero-sum situation , and yet they ask us to attack Hamas . " Diskin is also quoted as saying that Hamas had infiltrated Abbas ' Presidential Guard and seized heavy machine guns . Fatah members quickly denied any approach had been made . Dimitri Diliani , a member of Fatah 's revolutionary council , said such comments are part of a smear campaign carried out by Israel , which had never been asked "  to address or to assist in any Palestinian national manner . " But Hamas , in a statement that underlines the continuing animosity between the two groups , said that the "  WikiLeaks information regarding the scale of security cooperation between the Israeli occupation and Fatah is dangerous information and represents additional evidence regarding the involvement of Fatah with the occupation . " According to the cable , Diskin told U.S. Ambassador Richard H. Jones that Fatah was "  on its last legs , " and Hamas was "  well-organized and ascendant . " But he opposed arming Fatah , saying , "  They are not organized to ensure that the equipment that is transferred to them will reach the intended recipients . " He was also wary of requests for Fatah members to be trained in Yemen "  with a strong al Qaeda presence . " Diskin also had harsh words for Abbas , saying , "  He knows he is weak and he has failed . He has failed to rehabilitate Fatah . " According to the leaked cable , Diskin also suggested Abbas would soon retire . Abbas continues as president today . The leaked cables also indicate the Israelis appear to have seen an advantage in Hamas consolidating its control in Gaza . A cable from June 13 , 2007 , quotes the head of Israeli military intelligence , Maj. Gen. Amos Yadlin , as saying that "  Israel would be ` happy ' if Hamas took over Gaza because the  Israel Defense Forces  could then deal with Gaza as a hostile state . " Yadlin played down the threat Hamas represented , saying Iran , Hezbollah and Syria were of greater concern , according to the cable . He said that while Iran already had a presence in Gaza , "  Israel could handle the situation so long as Gaza does not have a port . " Today , three years since the cables were written , Hamas still retains control of Gaza , although much of the territory was devastated by the Israeli offensive of January 2009 in retaliation for rocket strikes across the border . The situation in the West Bank , still controlled by the Palestinian Authority , is calmer , with better security and investment assisting economic growth . Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian lawmaker and former minister , told CNN that the leaked cables show "  that the internal division in Palestine is serving only the interest of Israel " and that "  Israel itself encouraged this division . "	WikiLeaks cable says "  desperate " Fatah asked Israel to attack Hamas in 2007 A Fatah official says the comment was part of an Israeli smear campaign Hamas calls it "  evidence regarding the involvement of Fatah with the occupation "
Health.com  -- Erase extra flab with these super-effective tricks . IN THE GYM 1 . Catch the running bug . You 'll continue to burn fat after your jog : People who run for at least four hours a week melt more calories than non-runners , even when they 're not running , a Yale University School of Medicine study reports . 2 . Crank it up early . Working out harder during the first half of your workout and taking it easier during the second burns up to 23 percent more fat than doing the opposite , according to a study from The College of New Jersey . 3 & 4 . Go hard -- and make it quick . Staying at 80 percent of your max heart rate for 40 minutes can amp your metabolism for 19 hours afterward , research published in Obesity notes . And doing a shorter workout at 75 percent of your max aerobic capacity will give you a greater metabolic boost than sweating longer at 50 percent , a Colorado State University reveals . Health.com : 10-minute ab workout 5 to 7 . Lift dumbbells ... slowly . More muscle equals mega metabolism boost . Strength training can help you trim major fat , research reveals -- and doing super-slow  versus normal speed  reps increases strength by 50 percent . Plus , using dumbbells activates more muscle fibers than using machines , explains Gregory Haff , Ph.D. , an associate professor in the exercise physiology department at West Virginia University . 8 . Speed up , slow down . Alternating bouts of high-intensity and low-intensity cardio has been shown to torch pounds . 9 . Put on weight  literally  . Wearing a weighted vest  about 10 percent of your body weight  while walking can boost your calorie burn by 8 percent . 10 . Download Rihanna , not Brahms . Listening to up-tempo songs actually makes you run faster and harder than listening to slower-paced music , British scientists say . 11 . Let kettlebells ring . Not only does working out with kettlebells build muscle , but doing it for 20 minutes burns as many calories as running at a 6-minute-mile pace for the same amount of time . Health.com : Get gorgeous arms 12 . Keep it up . As few as 80 minutes a week of aerobic or weight training helps keep you from regaining belly fat after losing weight , according to researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . 13 . Add poles . Use Nordic poles while you walk , and you 'll burn 20 percent more calories , says research from The Cooper Institute in Dallas . 14 & 15 . Lift first , nix the rest . Doing strength training before cardio can torch more fat than cardio alone . And if you do one move after another without pausing , "  you 'll see more gains in strength and muscle mass , " says Dr. Pierre Manfroy , M.D. , consultant for the book "  100 Ways to Supercharge Your Metabolism . " 16 . Add pounds . Lift heavier weights for fewer reps to make your workout more intense -- and burn more fat -- Manfroy says . 17 . Try aromatherapy . Exercisers who inhaled strawberry and buttered-popcorn scents torched more calories than those who sniffed neutral odors , according to research from the Smell and Taste Treatment and Research Foundation in Chicago . Health.com : Aromatherapy massages : touch and scents can vaporize stress 18 . Box yourself in . Wii boxing knocks out nearly twice as many calories as some other games , like Wii golf . 19 . Kick it . Playing soccer not only torches more fat and builds more muscle than jogging , but it feels less tiring , Danish research reveals . 20 . Stay in shape . Fit people have more fat-burning metabolites in their blood than couch potatoes do , scientists say . IN THE KITCHEN 22 . Get more protein . Eating a protein-packed breakfast and lunch helps you burn more post-meal fat than if you eat lower-protein meals , according to Australian research . 23 & 24 . Guzzle green tea -- or coffee . Downing five 5-ounce cups of green tea a day boosts metabolism , says Lyssie Lakatos , R.D. , author of "  Fire Up Your Metabolism . " Two cups of coffee will also do the trick , one study shows . Health.com : Is coffee healthier than you think ? 25 . Have an omelet . Eating two eggs for breakfast while dieting will help you trim more weight and body fat than if you ate the same amount of calories noshing on a bagel , scientists say . 26 . Stay above 1,200 calories ... "  The average person 's body goes into starvation mode if she eats fewer than 1,200 calories a day , " says Eric Berg , author of "  The 7 Principles of Fat Burning . " "  That 's stress , and stress creates more belly fat . " 27 . ... and cut calories gradually . If you diet , do n't trim more than 250 calories a day . Cutting calories too quickly slows your metabolism down , Dr. Manfroy says . 28 to 33 . Munch on these . Almonds , cherries , yogurt , grapefruit , whole grains , and spicy foods have all been shown to torch fat . Health.com : 7 foods that fight fat 34 . Fuel up right . Eating a low-glycemic-index breakfast  such as muesli and peaches  will help you burn more fat during a subsequent workout than eating a high-glycemic-index meal  like waffles  , researchers from the University of Nottingham reveal . 35 . Think before you drink . Sipping as few as 90 calories ' worth of vodka can slow your metabolism by 73 percent , one study shows . 36 . Graze . Women who go without eating for long periods are more likely to have higher body-fat percentages than women who nosh more regularly , one study notes . 37 . Dine like a Greek . Eating a diet rich in monounsaturated fat  think olive oil , avocados  can help trim both weight and fat , research published in the British Journal of Nutrition shows . 38 . Stop gorging . Your body can only handle so much food at a time , so stick to 600 calories or less per meal to maximize fat-burning , says Leslie Cooper , co-author of "  Flip the Switch : Proven Strategies to Fuel Your Metabolism and Burn Fat 24 Hours a Day . " 39 . Skip juice . Reaching for an apple instead of apple juice is not only better calorie-wise , but it 'll also do a better job of boosting your metabolism , Dr. Manfroy explains . Health.com : The best ways to boost your metabolism IN YOUR LIFE 41 & 42 . Get C and D. Vitamin C can help you burn more fat , and D may help you lose fat , research notes . Aim for 400 to 500 mg of C and 800 mg of D a day . 43 & 44 . Walk more  in denim  . Researchers found that fitness-friendly offices  think treadmill desks , mobile headsets  helped people trim pounds and fat , as did wearing jeans to work , since dressing casual encourages you to move more . Wear comfy clothes when you can , pace while on the phone , and stand while chatting with co-workers . 45 . Add fish oil  And work out  . Taking 6 grams of fish oil per day and hitting the gym three times a week can help nix body fat , an Australian study reveals . 46 . Work the day shift . Keeping nontraditional hours lowers levels of hormones that trigger satiety , increases blood glucose and insulin levels , and raises levels of the stress hormone cortisol  which can drive you to eat more  , scientists say . 47 . Nix the boob tube . Cut your TV time in half , and you 'll burn more calories each day , research from the University of Vermont suggests . Health.com : Too much TV linked to earlier death 48 . Go mental . People who visualized themselves training a specific muscle boosted the strength in that muscle group , researchers found . 49 . Eat a smaller dinner . Your body may not digest food -- and burn fat -- as efficiently if you down a huge meal right before bedtime , especially because your metabolism is slower while you sleep , Dr. Manfroy says . 50 . Jump-start your morning . Wake up your metabolism -- and get fat-burning started -- by doing some sort of exercise within the first few hours of being awake , Cooper suggests . 51 . Get your snooze on . Sleep for a solid 81D 2 hours instead of 51D 2 , according to research published in the Annals of Internal Medicine , and you 'll lose more fat . Sweet dreams ! Copyright Health Magazine 2011	People who run for at least four hours a week melt more calories than non-runners Downing five 5-ounce cups of green tea a day boosts metabolism Vitamin C can help you burn more fat , and D may help you lose fat Your body may not burn fat as efficiently if you down a huge meal right before bedtime
EW.com  -- While "  The Wolverine " is currently in theaters , rumors popped up online this week that star Hugh Jackman was being courted to sign a deal worth $ 100 million for four more movies featuring the clawed mutant . But EW caught up with Jackman on the Montreal set of next summer 's highly anticipated "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " and the actor laughed off the reports . "  No it 's not true , " says Jackman . "  I would never do that . I 've never done that mainly because , for the fans and for me , each time I 've gone around there 's been a really good reason to do it and I do n't know what that reason is from here . I 'm in the middle of making this and I just promoted the other and I 'm really happy with the way The Wolverine came out . " "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " is due in theaters May 23 , 2014 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jackman denies rumors about big "  Wolverine " payday Told EW "  it 's not true " He is currently filming "  X-Men : Days of Future Past "
I use a Keurig coffee machine at home because I 'm lazy . And , quite frankly , do n't feel like I 've really done my duty to God and country until I 've added a little something to the landfill . "  Here ya go , America . Have another K-Cup . Go Braves . " Though , to be fair , I do actually use 97 % biodegradable French roast OneCups from San Francisco Bay , a brand of the Rogers Family Company out of Lincoln , California . Mind you , I use these OneCups not so much for environmental reasons , but because the price is right and I quite like the taste . So hold your praise . I 'm still a delightfully lousy , wasteful human being . However , my day-to-day brand of single-serve coffee may soon be a thing of the past , because this fall Keurig plans to launch a new system that will use DRM  Digital Rights Management  technology . It 's fancy science , but ultimately it means unlicensed cups wo n't work with the new machines . Kate Binette , senior public relations specialist from Green Mountain Coffee Roasters , the parent company of Keurig , could n't tell me exactly how their new interactive technology would work -- and even if she did I 'd probably have to take a 40-minute nap -- but I did get the basics . "  Each Keurig 2.0 brewer will have a camera that can ` read ' a proprietary taggant material , " Binette says , adding that it 's similar to current anti-counterfeiting technology and will be "  embedded on the lid of each Keurig brand pack . " So , essentially , our coffee is going bionic , and if your current pod does n't have that taggant , it 's no coffee for you ! This includes my OneCups from San Francisco Bay . Which can only mean ... Brace yourself . Litigation is coming . Welcome to the Great Electronic Coffee War of 2014 ! Green Mountain argues that its new advancements in roasting and flavor extraction , as well as thermodynamics , have been expertly developed to ensure perfect consistency with each cup . Therefore , Binette told me , "  It is critical for performance and safety reasons that the system only brews Keurig brand packs . " And I did n't have to look far to find someone who agrees with that assessment . My co-worker , Tiago , says he does n't want somebody 's inferior brand of K-Cup malfunctioning and screwing up his system , declaring from his desk three cubicles away , "  The sanctity of the K-Cup should be respected ! " Mind you , I once said the exact same thing about Lean Pockets . It was 2:30 a.m. I was outside . Not wearing pants . In the rain . "  The sanctity of the Lean Pocket should be respected ! " Looking back , that probably was n't my finest moment . Anyway , while Keurig says adding DRM is all about performance , Jon Rogers , founder and president of the Rogers Family Company  makers of my San Francisco Bay coffee  calls it "  baloney . " He thinks it 's all about money and keeping non-Green Mountain coffee out of your hands . By e-mail , he explained to me , "  Prices would be higher to the consumer . Innovation would be stifled . " In February , another company , TreeHouse Foods Inc. , even filed a lawsuit against Green Mountain . The Rogers Family Company is considering legal action as well . Jon Rogers says , "  If Green Mountain Coffee Roasters is allowed to introduce Keurig 2.0 with the feature that , in our opinion , is clearly in restraint of trade , the Keurig 2.0 monopoly would be reinstated as it was when Keurig 1.0 was the only brewer on the market . " Whatever happens , it 'll be interesting to see this play out over the coming months . But I do have to say that the new Keurigs are really sexy . Plus , in addition to brewing single cups , they 'll also do full carafes . So , never mind whose cup you choose  or are allowed  to brew . Brace yourself . Multiple sprints to the bathroom are coming . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	In the fall , Keurig plans to release their new 2.0 brewing system The new systems will use Digital Rights Management technology TreeHouse Foods Inc. has filed a lawsuit against Keurig 's parent company
CNN  -- Take a pair of hi-fi speakers , an old radio , a couple of DVD players and countless other household appliances , apply some ingenuity and what do you get ? If you 're Mark Haygood , an ex-cop turned robot maker , you get HEX -- a four foot , three-inch tall humanoid robot . "  Frankly , I think of it as a very large toy . I think that mindset helped me get the build done , because it 's such a daunting task , " said Haygood . Four years in the making , it 's been as much art project as engineering feat , he says , requiring the visualization of the various body parts . "  The legs are made from outdoor speakers -- they 're gorgeous . His shoulders are made from fans , his forearms from power tools . The chest and back are made from kid 's riding toys and his head is a clock radio . I also employed a 3-D printer for the hands , using a combination of the Inmoov open-source design and my own artistic expression , " the 49-year-old from Baltimore explains . "  There are so many diverse parts on the machine that it would take me all day to tell you . It was a really complex build , but I love this machine and I 'm anxious to build another . " The self-taught roboticist has drawn inspiration from Honda 's ASIMO robot and Drexel University 's HUBO as well as sounding out opinion at his local hackerspace . Assembling HEX has cost the proverbial arm and a leg -- "  tens of thousands of dollars , " says Haygood -- and is controlled remotely using a Zigbee USB dongle attached to his laptop . "  He can step unsupported , but it 's not completely stable -- I have a slight problem with joint compliance at the moment . But his hands are fully functional , his legs are functional and he has 23 degrees of freedom . " It 's all a far cry from Haygood 's previous life as a police officer -- serving the Baltimore Police Department for over two decades before retiring in 2006 . "  I really enjoyed being a cop ... I wanted to go out and lock up the bad guys and that 's what I did . But policing completely takes over your life . That 's one of the reasons I got out , " he says . The death of his father three years later prompted Haygood to re-evaluate his life and in looking for a new path he turned back to an old passion . "  I grew up very poor in Baltimore and every Christmas my mother used to purchase toy robots for me -- the kind that shuffled across the floor , spun around with lights flashing . I thought they were the most marvelous things on the planet . " Not content playing with them , Haygood would pull them apart and put them back together in differing configurations . It helped numb the pain of poverty , he says , while also keeping him out of trouble -- a trick he 's hoping to pull off for a new generation of kids . Haygood has already introduced HEX to the robotics club at Baltimore 's Dunbar High School and plans future visits to other schools and clubs in the city . "  Because of the crime problems in Baltimore , it 's a perfect opportunity to try and snatch some children back from the abyss . That 's my objective . It 's a really beautiful thing to be able to introduce robotics to kids . " To help spread the message , and the cost , Haygood is launching a Kickstarter campaign . The money raised will be used to iron out flaws as well as document the entire process -- "  so anyone can see every nut , bolt and screw , " he says . "  It 's full speed ahead for me now . This was trial by fire . I chose the most difficult thing a person could build and I 've learned so much that my brain is just brimming now and ready to go . I 'm excited for the future . "	Ex-cop builds a humanoid robot called HEX made from electrical appliances The self-taught robot maker spent over two decades in police force in Baltimore Robot weighs 50 pounds and has a clock radio for a head and cooking trays for feet Walking robot can help kids learn about robotics , says Mark Haygood
New York  CNN  -- A young concert-goer is seen in a video rubbing white power on his gums . He starts sweating profusely before plunging into crazed drug trip that ends with him alone under the glare flashing lights . The words "  Do n't miss the moment " appear across a black background : "  Be present . Avoid the risks . " That 's the message of an anti-drug public service announcement that concert-goers at New York City 's annual Electric Zoo music festival will be required to watch in order to gain entry to the event later this month . Last summer 's Electric Zoo festival gained national attention when several people were sickened and two people died after overdosing on the drug MDMA , either in ecstasy pills or its "  pure " powder or crystal form , also known as "  molly . " The popular festival was cut short as a result of the deaths . "  Our message to concertgoers is simple : The Electric Zoo experience is exceptional and worth being present for , " Made Event founders Laura De Palma and Mike Bindra said in a joint statement . "  Molly can cause you to not only miss the moment , alienate your friends and have an overall adverse and unpleasant experience ... but can also make you sick and can even be fatal . Fans will experience how great it is to ` Come To Life ' at one of our concerts from lights , sounds and crowds . " Federal authorities last month arrested an upstate New York man on drug charges in connection with the sale of molly to concert-goers -- including one who died -- at the festival on Randall 's Island last August . MDMA is believed to have caused both of the deaths at the music festival , which was attended by more than 130,000 people , in late August 2013 . Police identified the two victims as Jeffrey Russ , 23 , and Olivia Rotondo , 20 . There 's something  potentially dangerous  about molly On August 30 , 2013 , near the end of a concert at Electric Zoo , Russ told his friends he was n't feeling well , according to court documents . He collapsed and suffered a seizure . When Russ arrived at Harlem Hospital Center , his heart was beating rapidly and his temperature was about 108 degrees Fahrenheit , court papers said . Russ was pronounced dead at 3:21 a.m. on August 31 . The pills found on Russ contained MDMA and methylone , according to court documents . The medical examiner ruled that Russ died from "  acute intoxication by the combined effects of -LSB- MDMA -RSB- and methylone with hyperthermia . " Ticket buyers at this year 's festival on Randalls Island Aug. 29-31 will be required to to watch a two-minute video about MDMA this year . "  Fans will experience how great it is to ` Come To Life ' at one of our concerts from lights , sounds and crowds , " De Palma and Bindra said in the statement . The two-minute film "  The Molly " was created , written and produced by "  Dexter " creator/writer James Manos , Jr. , and his daughter Ellie Manos , 19 . On social media , the reaction to the video has been mixed . Culture and music website Flavorwire.com tweeted : "  Electric Zoo 's ` The Molly ' PSA Wo n't Stop Drug Use at EDM Festivals -- But It 's Still Better Than ` Just Say No . ' " One commenter on Electric Zoo 's Facebook page said : "  You guys had the chance to provide some real information that could have actually saved lives but instead shoved some DARE drivel down everyone 's throat . Congrats . " Another commenter , referring to the young man in the video , said , "  That guy is tweakin so hard lmaoooo . " New York man arrested for supplying drug in Electric Zoo festival death Dozens hospitalized during Avicii concert in Boston Teen raped on lawn at Keith Urban concert , police say	Electric Zoo concert-goers will be required to watch anti-drug video at this month 's event Last year , deaths of two Electric Zoo attendees believed to be linked to MDMA Electric Zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be canceled last summer
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who announced in December he would "  actively explore " a presidential bid in 2016 , has resigned from all of his corporate and nonprofit board memberships , an aide confirmed to CNN . The move was first reported by the Washington Post . "  He will be reviewing his remaining business engagements in the coming year , " an aide to the former governor said Wednesday evening . Bush spokeswoman Kristy Campbell characterized the resignations as a "  natural next step " for Bush as he "  turns his focus to gauging whether there is support for a potential candidacy . " Bush will only remain on the board of the companies in which he is a partner , including his business consulting company Jeb Bush and Associates , the aide said . Campbell said Wednesday that Bush "  is reviewing his business engagements as he now actively explores a run for the presidency . " Bush previously stepped down from the board of directors at Rayonier Inc. , Tenet Healthcare Corporation , and British bank Barclays . His resignations further indicate that Bush is taking the possibility of a 2016 run seriously . Bush surges to 2016 GOP frontrunner	Jeb Bush has resigned from corporate and nonprofit board memberships , aide says The resignations come as Bush gauges support for a potential candidacy Former Florida governor 's father and brother have both served as president
CNN  -- Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining Juventus after three years at Real Madrid , the Serie A club announced on their Web site on Tuesday . Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro won two Primera Liga titles during his three-year stay at Real Madrid . News of Cannavaro 's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara . The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain . Cannavaro was in Italy on Monday for a charity match and told the Juventus Web site : "  I am happy to have returned to Turin and to have the opportunity to wear the black and white jersey again . "  I am sorry that for a section of the fans the anger for having been transferred is greater then the appreciation for the glorious seasons which we lived together . "  I am sure that I can convince the most sceptical through my work , professionalism and the passion with which I will face this new adventure " . Defender Cannavaro won two scudetti with Juventus , in 2005 and 2006 , while the side are currently fighting to clinch third place behind champions Inter and their city rivals AC Milan . His one-year contract will come into force as from the start of July and club official Alessio Secco enthused : "  Fabio is a world champion , a golden ball winner and a great team-spirit builder . "  During the Summer of 2006 the club was forced to sell him due to great economic necessities . "  This year we took advantage of the natural expiration of Cannavaro 's contract to bring him back to Turin and we are sure that his technical abilities will help Juventus become more competitive " . Cannavaro left Juventus after the club had been relegated to Serie B following the match-fixing allegations that rocked Italian football . He was born in Naples and played for them for three seasons before joining Parma where he won the UEFA Cup and two Italian Cups over a seven year period from 1995 . Cannavaro , who has 124 caps for Italy , left Parma to join Inter Milan in 2002 but after only two seasons moved on to Juventus . New coach Ferrara is determined to take Juve straight into next season 's Champions League group stage and said on Monday : "  I think the players need to understand that we 're in a tight spot . "  They need to rediscover the right motivation to tackle our last two matches with the right attitude . The players need to rediscover their pride and the right motivation . "	Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro rejoining Juve after three years at Real Madrid News comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri Defender Cannavaro , 35 , won two scudetti with Juventus , in 2005 and 2006
CNN  -- If it was just a political pander , it was a beauty . But if it was a serious statement of philosophy , it was chilling -- even scary . Joni Ernst , the Iowa candidate who has vaulted to within an inch of United States Senate due to her boasting of hog castration in this year 's most inventive political ad , was speaking to the National Rifle Association in 2012 . "  I do believe in the right to carry , and I believe in the right to defend myself and my family -- whether it 's from an intruder , or whether it 's from a government , should they decide that my rights are no longer important . " Huh ? This notion -- that the Second Amendment gives citizens the right to fire upon federal officials , or their local police , or sheriffs or even U.S. military personnel -- is common among right wingers . But it 's one thing to hear , say , goofball Ted Nugent honk off that way .  The Nuge , by the way , has boasted about how he avoided taking up arms in defense of his country during Vietnam .  It is another to know that someone with those loopy views is one step away from the United States Senate . The Washington Monthly blogger Ed Kilgore has asked the right question -- the one any Iowa voter should be putting to Ms. Ernst : "  Since you brought it up , exactly what circumstances would justify you shooting a police officer or a soldier in the head ? " Good question , Ed . Is it OK to do so if , say , the Supreme Court stops the counting of votes so as to give the presidency to the candidate who got fewer votes ? I do n't think so . How about segregation ? If ever American citizens were oppressed by their government it was African-Americans under Jim Crow . Thank God we had Dr. King and not Ms. Ernst leading the civil rights movement . Perhaps Ms. Ernst reserves her bloody right to truly egregious government actions , like ensuring affordable health care , even to folks with pre-existing conditions ? Lord , I hope not . As Michael Waldman notes in his excellent new book , "  The Second Amendment , A Biography , " the Second Amendment was designed to ensure that citizen-soldiers would be the heart of our national defense . A standing army , such as we have now , would have been anathema to our Founders . Indeed , Thomas Jefferson , in his first Annual Message to Congress  now known as the State of the Union Address  , said , "  nor is it conceived needful or safe that a standing army should be kept up in time of peace . " Should America be invaded , Jefferson said , the proper response was "  the body of neighboring citizens as formed into a militia . " The Founders thought citizen-soldiers would be the military , acting on behalf of the government . They did not advocate armed citizens taking on federal officials . Do n't believe me ? Ask George Washington . Gen. Washington , as president , forcefully rejected the notion that American citizens had a revolutionary right to take up arms against their government -- even against the most hated government officials enforcing the most hated government program . President Washington and his Treasury Secretary , Alexander Hamilton , sought to enforce a tax on whiskey , which Congress passed in 1791 . A group of Pennsylvania whiskey distillers objected , violently . In what was known as the Whiskey Rebellion , they refused to pay the tax and burned the home of the federal tax collector . Washington personally led 13,000 troops to crush the rebellion  the only time a president has commanded troops in the field  . Washington was willing to shed blood to ensure no one took up arms against his or her own country . To argue that the Second Amendment allows citizens to turn their guns on their government is to repudiate the actions of George Washington , as well as the Constitution itself . I say this as a gun owner -- and I 'm not just talking about some puny 9 mm like the one Ms. Ernst brags about . At last count I have 22 guns . I use them to hunt , shoot targets , and bond with my family . My grandfather was a hunter and gun owner , as is my father , as am I -- as are my sons . But neither we , nor Ms. Ernst nor any American has the right to turn those weapons on American military personnel , peace officers or other government officials . To suggest otherwise betrays our Founders , our Constitution , and common sense .	Paul Begala : Iowa candidate Joni Ernst told NRA she has right to use her gun against government He says : This is scary . Here 's a question for Ernst : Under what circumstances is it OK do this ? Founders : Citizen-soldiers might act on behalf of government , not shoot at it , he says Begala owns 22 guns . Citizens do n't have right to turn weapons on police , military , government
New York  CNN  -- Authorities and medical experts warned Friday that a rabies outbreak in Central Park could spread from raccoons to humans . Health investigators have confirmed reports of 28 rabid raccoons in or near Central Park this month and last , compared with just three cases from 2003 through November . The reason is not clear , but the city 's health department -- which has been monitoring the situation since December -- is taking it seriously : It 's working with the parks department and others to increase surveillance and vaccinate wild raccoons in New York 's Central Park , Morningside Park and Riverside Park . Dr. Charles Rupprecht , chief of the rabies program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Friday that ideal conditions in Central Park for animals -- few predators -- could exacerbate an outbreak . "  Urban ecosystems sometimes have the ideal measures , " he said . "  When you get an infectious agent like rabies , it tends to have these untoward effects , meaning an outbreak . " Similar outbreaks of rabies in Eastern Pennsylvania and Washington , however , were contained through the same measures that officials in New York are following , he said . In addition to the increased surveillance and vaccinations , authorities in New York are suggesting that visitors to city parks keep pets on a leash and be wary of raccoons they see during the day . Raccoons are nocturnal animals who rarely venture out in the daylight . Being out during the day "  means they are probably carrying rabies , " said Marlene Elizondo , a nurse with the International SOS , which offers medical care and consulting services to companies , nonprofits and other organizations . "  In such a condensed area like New York , it 's more likely that a human would come into contact with " a rabid raccoon , Elizondo said . Celina De Leon , a spokeswoman for the New York Department of Health , urged park visitors to alert authorities if they see any animal behaving strangely . Health officials received 10 reports of rabid raccoons in Manhattan last year , but eight of them were in December . It confirmed only one case from 2003 through 2008 . Most of the cases it has seen in the past two months were from the northern part of Central Park , between 79th and 110th streets . If left untreated , rabies will infect the central nervous system and ultimately cause death . Health professionals encourage people who come in contact with infected animals to seek medical attention immediately . New York 's health department says that "  while raccoons , skunks , foxes and coyotes are considered high-risk sources of virus , bats are the most common source of infection for people across the United States . "	28 rabid raccoons reported in New York park in past two months Three cases were reported from 2003 through November Authorities institute increased surveillance , vaccinations Visitors warned to be wary of raccoons spotted during the day
CNN  -- It moved half its production to China to keep costs down , but eight years later one company is bringing production back to Britain . It 's another example of the backshoring trend that has seen many European manufacturers relocate their business back home . Caldeira is a cushion-making business headquartered in Merseyside , Northern England . Since 2004 it has also had a factory operating in Zhejiang province , China . "  At the time China was about to be admitted to the WTO and our Chinese competitors were actually selling products cheaper than we could make them " , said CEO Tony Caldeira . Read more : Chanel 's exclusivity keeps it a cut above According to Caldeira it was an obvious decision for the company at the time . "  It was a good exchange rate , the salaries were only a tenth of their UK colleagues , a huge labor cost differential between China and the UK . " That has now changed ; last year manufacturing wages increased by 20 percent according to the Chinese National Statistics Bureau . Since setting up his Chinese factory , Tony Caldeira said his Chinese employees have had wages increase 400 percent . Add to that the increasing costs in shipping , packaging , duty rates and fabric costs , and it 's not surprising Chinese production has become less attractive . Read more : Will Greek crisis leave banks stronger ? Last year it was cost-effective to make velvet striped cushions in Caldeira 's Chinese factory , it cost 90 cents less in production per cushion . However , this year that saving shrank to 13 cents and next year the company predicts it 'll cost the same to make the cushion in China and the UK . "  There are quite a few differences between my Chinese and UK workforces -- the UK employees are more productive , they can make more cushions an hour , however , they work less hours a week . "  The Chinese want to work more hours , many of them live on site and they just want to earn as much money as possible to send home to their families . " Read more : Why Europe needs a banking union The company faces difficulties finding staff both in Britain and China , but for different reasons . "  We have been very lucky in the UK as most of our staff have been here for more than 10 years " , said Caldeira . However , this workforce is much older than the Chinese employees due to a skills shortage . "  Most of the staff here in the UK are in their 50s or 60s , although they wo n't like me saying that ! They were taught in apprenticeships in the 1970s and 1980s , but those skills are n't being taught now . " And while the Chinese workers are younger with manufacturing and sewing machinery skills in abundance , Tony Caldeira said they do n't have the same loyalty and there is a high turnover of staff . "  What you tend to find is people are n't as afraid to move jobs in the Chinese culture , a lot of workers move every year after Chinese New Year , the contracts are only 12 months , so at the end of the year they look for the best contract on the market . " Despite the rising costs in Chinese wages , the company wo n't be looking for another low-cost manufacturing base , for example in Vietnam or Bangladesh . "  The raw materials are manufactured in China so we 'd end up shipping it over , incurring extra costs and complications . " As far as Caldeira is concerned , Britain appears to be winning this round of the great pillow fight with China . CNN 's Anna Stewart contributed to this report .	Cushion maker brings production back to Britain following a steep rise in Chinese wages Production was offshored in 2004 when labor costs differed significantly ; they 're estimated to be equal next year UK employees are more productive , but young people in particular lack the requisite skills , Caldeira CEO says
CNN  -- Many Verizon Wireless customers were unable to access the mobile internet early Wednesday morning because of a network glitch , the company said . The "  technical glitch , " which occurred during network maintenance , stopped Verizon users from being able to access mobile websites from about 1:40 to 5 a.m. ET on Wednesday , said Jeffrey Nelson , a Verizon Wireless spokesman . The outage affected a "  large part of the country , " but not all Verizon customers , Nelson said . Verizon users were still able to send and receive data on Verizon 's 3G network , he said , but could not access websites through a phone 's mobile browser . Reports of a "  nationwide " Verizon outage hit tech blogs and Twitter on Wednesday morning . Engadget had this to say on the subject : "  We 've heard from a bunch of folks this morning that Verizon 's 3G network is experiencing a slight bout of disconnectedness , causing a great deal of grief and discombobulation around the country . Just sit tight , we 're sure engineers are engineering solutions as we type this , and will update you as soon as things have been rectified . " Some Twitter users reported losing internet service on their phones . "  Dear #Verizon , please let your customers know if and when a # 3G outage is happening . It would save me the stress of thinking my phone died . . " wrote one user , named @bigred89 . Others , however , wrote that they were able to connect to the network without trouble . @wscato wrote : "  Verizon 3G appears to be back up in Charlotte , NC . " By mid-morning Wednesday , Verizon was declaring the problem resolved on its customer-support Twitter feed . In response to questions on Twitter , Verizon employees told customers to restart their mobile phones by powering them off and then turning them back on .	Verizon Wireless experiences network problems on Wednesday morning Mobile internet is disrupted from 1:40 to 5 a.m. ET on Wednesday , company says
If you think the more than weeklong controversy over a new book about the first couple had died down , well , you 'd be wrong . "  Daily Show " host Jon Stewart joined the fray on his program Monday night . "  She seems nice , " was Stewart 's assessment of the first lady after reading "  The Obamas , " he told the book 's author , New York Times reporter Jodi Kantor . "  I 'm surprised at the controversy , " Stewart said , "  because the book seems to portray Michelle Obama as a complex yet human individual struggling with this unbelievable situation yet remaining the moral compass and center of an administration trying to find its footing . " Later in the sit-down , Stewart tells Kantor "  But I only read it because I thought there was crazy sh-t in there . You really disappointed me . " In a telephone interview with CNN on Monday , Kantor tried to explain the controversy : "  The headlines in those -LSB- initial reports -RSB- did not reflect the book that I wrote , " the Times ' Washington correspondent said . And Kantor responded to criticism from one of her principal subjects . "  The book does not call -LSB- the first lady -RSB- an angry black woman . Those words are never in the book , " Kantor said of the soundbite that set off a second round of media coverage , "  Nor is it insinuated . " "  The Obamas " has come under criticism because the president and first lady were not interviewed for the book , and because passages in the book portray Michelle Obama as concerned about the support and advice the president was getting from some of his top aides . The controversy began before Kantor 's book was even formally released . When some media outlets got their hands on copies of the book early , the resulting coverage focused on what political observers call "  palace intrigue " -- a moment when Press Secretary Robert Gibbs blew up and cursed the first lady and top Obama aide Valerie Jarrett , a moment when then-Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel offered to resign  an offer that the president refused at the time  , and the first lady 's concerns about some of the president 's top aides . The White House hit back hard . The book is "  the author 's take , reflecting her own opinions , on a remarkably strong relationship between the President and First Lady -- both of whom share an unwavering commitment to each other , and to improving the lives of Americans , " White House Associate Communications Director Eric Schultz wrote in a January 9 post on the White House blog that bore the headline "  Gossip in Wonderland . " Schultz continued : "  The book is about a relationship between two people whom the author has not spoken to in years . In fact , the author did not interview the Obamas for the book so the emotions and private moments described in the book , though often seemingly ascribed to the President and First Lady , reflect little more than the author 's own thoughts . These second-hand accounts are staples of every Administration in modern political history and are often exaggerated . " And as for parts of the book that portrayed moments of palace intrigue , the White House was equally harsh . "  And as those who have worked in this Administration will tell you , the scenes depicted in the book do not accurately portray how well the East and West Wings work together , " Schultz also wrote on the White House blog . In a rare move , the first lady also personally responded to the book . While admitting she had not read it , Michelle Obama told CBS News that she was n't surprised by moments in the book that portrayed her husband as telling his staff about her concerns . But the first lady rejected any suggestion that she was directly involved in the business of the West Wing , that she was unhappy in her role as first spouse , or that there was any tension between her and any of the president 's top aides . "  I guess it 's more interesting to imagine this conflicted situation here -LSB- in the White House -RSB- , a strong woman , and , you know -- but that 's been an image that people have tried to paint of me since the day Barack announced -LSB- his presidential bid -RSB- . That I 'm some angry black woman . " The first lady also took issue with a distinctive storytelling choice made by Kantor in "  The Obamas " -- the decision to give her reporting a kind of interior narrative quality that sometimes feels like you are reading a personal diary . "  Who can write about how I feel ? " the first lady asked rhetorically during the CBS news interview . "  Who ? What third person can tell me how I feel ? " Kantor told CNN she requested an interview with the president and first lady but did n't let not getting one stop her from writing the book . "  A really strong principle of mine is that , as a New York Times reporter , I do n't practice access journalism , " Kantor said "  At the Times we do n't enter into reporting projects saying -LSB- for example -RSB- , I 'm only going to write about Mitt Romney 's years at Bain Capital if he gives us an interview about it . " Kantor added that she has "  years of covering -LSB- the first couple -RSB- under my belt " and that she did previously interview the president and first lady for a November 2009 portrait of their marriage that appeared in the New York Times Magazine . Kantor , who said she interviewed more than 200 people for the book , including current and former aides in the Obama White House , top Obama advisers , and close friends of the first couple , also said that her reporting process confirmed for her that she was learning information about the Obamas that had not been reported before . "  I worked to get an interview with -LSB- the president and first lady -RSB- up until the day the book went to the printer . And I felt that was what -- you know , that 's my job . But I also felt that the stories that were coming from staff and aides were fresh , revealing stories that told as much or more as an interview might have . " And as for the book 's tone , the New York Times -- Kantor 's own newspaper -- took issue with her storytelling style . "  Cue the groans , " reads the Times ' review of "  The Obamas " after conveying a particularly diary-like moment in the book , "  What kind of journalist presumes to know Michelle Obama 's mind ? " the review asks before quickly pivoting to declare that "  In lesser hands ` The Obamas ' would be an act of astonishing overreach but Ms. Kantor -LSB- through years of covering the Obamas -RSB- has earned the voice of authority . " Kantor told CNN the book 's style resulted from how she approached interviewing people close to the Obamas . "  What I did do is really push in interviews to get friends and aides to describe how the Obamas were reacting to things . " And as for reporting about the book that played up the first lady 's concerns about the advice the president was getting from some of his top aides , including Emanuel , Kantor told CNN her interviews revealed Michelle Obama and Emanuel "  were philosophical foils . " "  They had a distant relationship , " Kantor continued , "  and the relationship did have tension . . . The tensions are so indirect . There are all these messages passed back and forth between aides . And they also represent such different visions of where the presidency can go . " In the end , the controversy surrounding "  The Obamas " may be the result of Kantor 's frame of reference . Rather than taking the point of view of the president , Kantor chose to focus on the first lady and her partnership with him . "  I felt this was giving us a window into what this life -LSB- in the White House -RSB- was really like , " Kantor said Monday , singling out a vignette in her book about how the first lady reacted to news of a minor security incident . The window of a first lady 's view on the White House and the presidency is a telling metaphor -- one that Kantor sought to convey early on in "  The Obamas . " Soon after Barack Obama was elected in 2008 , the Obamas visited the Bushes at the White House . While their husbands talked about economic stimulus , Laura Bush showed her successor around the private residence situated between the West and East Wings . According to the book , Laura Bush showed Michelle Obama a window in a sitting room used by past first ladies that looked out over the Rose Garden and toward the Oval Office . "  During her husband 's critical meetings and long days at work , Laura Bush would stare out the window of her hideaway and feel somehow more connected to him , " Kantor wrote . Laura Bush told Michelle Obama that Hillary Clinton had shown the window to her and that Barbara Bush had shown it to Clinton beforehand , and Michelle Obama should , in turn , show it to her successor as well . Then Kantor writes in "  The Obamas , " "  It was hard to think of a better symbol of the true duties of first ladyhood than that window : Keep a close eye on your husband . Do it quietly . There will be things about the presidency that only you will be able to see . o n't expect to be at the heart of the action . "	Jon Stewart after reading controversial book : First lady "  seems nice " Author : Book does not call first lady an angry black woman White House slammed book as the author 's take , reflecting her own opinions "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called the next House Speaker -- Republican Rep. John Boehner of Ohio -- on Tuesday night after mid-term election results gave the GOP majority control of the chamber starting next year . The White House said Obama also called the two top House Democrats -- outgoing Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California and outgoing Majority Leader Steny Hoyer -- and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . While Republicans won a House majority , Democrats retained their Senate majority , though it will be much narrower than the current 59-41 advantage . In his discussions with Boehner and McConnell , Obama told the two he was looking forward to working with them and Republicans "  to find common ground , move the country forward and get things done for the American people , " according to the White House statement . Boehner 's team issued a statement on the call from Obama , saying the two had a "  brief but pleasant conversation . " "  They discussed working together to focus on the top priorities of the American people , which Boehner has identified as creating jobs and cutting spending , " the Boehner statement said . "  That 's what they expect , " Boehner was quoted as telling Obama in the call , according to the statement . Earlier , Boehner told a victory rally that "  it 's clear tonight who the real winners are , and it 's the American people . " "  With their voices , the American people are demanding a new way forward in Washington , " Boehner said , calling for conservative policies favored by the Tea Party such as cutting spending and reducing the size of government . Before the election , Obama criticized Boehner for saying recently that "  this is not a time for compromise " if Republicans win control of the House . CNN 's Ed Henry and Dana Bash contributed to this story .	Boehner is expected to be the next House Speaker Obama says he hopes to work together with House Republicans Boehner tells Obama that American people expect job creation and spending cuts
CNN  -- Residents of large swaths of central and Southern California and Arizona shivered Saturday as plummeting temperatures prompted freeze warnings . In Atlanta , meanwhile , shorts-wearing residents basked in the balmy weather as it and two other major Georgia cities set record highs for this date . The weird weekend weather had temperatures as much as 30 degrees below normal in parts of the West and 30 degrees above normal in the East , said CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . "  We definitely have a temperature dichotomy across the U.S. , " the National Weather Service said . The Los Angeles metropolitan area keenly felt the chill , with an overnight low in Hollywood expected to dip down to 38 F. Lows near Stockton , in central California , were expected to be about 23 degrees . The cold front was slowly marching eastward , where highs in the District of Columbia will drop from 62 on Sunday to 43 on Tuesday . A band of moderate to heavy rainfall was expected from Louisiana north into Ohio , the National Weather Service said . Strong winds and a possible tornado damaged two churches in Livingston County on Saturday afternoon , according to Kentucky emergency management officials . No injuries were immediately reported . The situation was calmer in Georgia , where Atlanta 's spring-like high of 76 topped the 1890 record by 1 degree . Columbus  77  , and Macon  78  , also broke records . The East Coast is enjoying a ridge of high pressure that has provided a dome of warm air , said Atlanta NWS forecaster Keith Stellman . But by Wednesday , the high in Atlanta will be in the 50s , and lows will reach the mid-30s . "  Basically we will be back to normal temperatures , " Stellman told CNN . Parts of the West were enduring the coldest air of the season thus far . According to CNN affiliate KCAL , freeze warnings were expected to be in effect through 9 a.m. Sunday for most of Southern California , with a freeze watch posted for Sunday night through Monday morning . In Arizona , a freeze warning will remain in effect in Phoenix until Tuesday morning . The Phoenix Rescue Mission reached out to those who were spending the night outdoors by providing blankets and clothing items . "  As the cold weather takes effect on people and they 're out there in the elements , we want to remind them that we bring a team of people who actually care about them , " the organization 's Clifford Danley told CNN affiliate KTVK . Arizona citrus growers scrambled to protect their trees . One grower deployed circulating water to produce heat and smudge pots . "  You work for 360 days and these five days can wipe you out , " said John Babiarz of Greenfield Citrus Nursery in Mesa . KOLD , an appropriately named CNN affiliate in Tucson , said temperatures on landmark Mount Lemmon dropped into single digits early Saturday . Overnight freezing temperatures will continue through Tuesday . A family 's effort to help warm up cold cats backfired Saturday morning , according to Tucson affiliate KGUN . Fire officials said homeowners set up a heat lamp and blankets on their back patio . Apparently , the lamp fell onto the blankets or the blankets were to close to the heat source , starting a fire that caused an estimated $ 15,000 in damage to the home . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Storm damage reported in western Kentucky Freeze warnings in California and Arizona The cold front is moving east Effort to warm cold cats backfires in Tucson
New Delhi  CNN  -- A New Delhi court Tuesday granted bail to India 's former telecom minister , who was at the center of one of the country 's biggest corruption scandals . Last year , police arrested the former minister , Andhimuthu Raja , and more than a dozen other defendants as part of high-profile investigations into the suspected below-price sale of telecom licenses . There are 17 defendants , including Raja and three companies , in the case . The 13 other individual suspects are already out on bail . Raja 's lawyer Ramesh Gupta told CNN that the court ordered his client be released on bail Tuesday . The alleged scam has rocked the country 's coalition government and investor confidence in Asia 's third-largest economy . Suspects are accused of participating in a scheme involving the underselling of cell phone licenses at the height of India 's lucrative telecom boom . Police have also questioned several high-profile executives . The firm of business tycoon Anil Ambani is among three companies named in the charge sheet spelling out the accusations . Politicians , bureaucrats and corporate officials linked to the probe have denied any wrongdoing . According to a government audit , the treasury lost as much as $ 31 billion from the 2008 sale of the wireless spectrum . That audit report came on the heels of allegations of massive fraud in sports and real estate . In February last year , prime minister Manmohan Singh accepted opposition demands for a wider , cross-party investigation into the massive scandal .	Ex-telecom minister Andhimuthu Raja was jailed in 2011 Police charged 17 defendants , including three firms , in the case Suspects accused of underselling telecom radiowaves Raja is the last defendant out on bail
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A total of 37 former Cuban political prisoners landed in Madrid on Friday from Havana , boosting to 115 the number of former Cuban prisoners who have come to Spain since last July , a Spanish Foreign Ministry statement said . The latest group includes Cuban dissident Orlando Fundora , arrested in 2003 among a well-known group of 75 dissidents . He was released later and has now decided to seek medical help in Madrid , said a Foreign Ministry diplomat , who by custom is not named . The other 36 released this week include dissident Nestor Rodriguez , the diplomat said . The latest arrivals are the last of a group of political prisoners whose release was negotiated last year among the Cuban and Spanish governments and the Cuban Catholic church , the statement said . Since July 2010 , a total of 115 former Cuban prisoners and 647 of their relatives have arrived in Spain , the statement said . On Friday , the plane chartered by the Spanish government landed at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  at Madrid 's Barajas airport and carried the 37 former prisoners and 208 of their relatives . There was no news conference at the airport . Instead , non-governmental organizations that have helped the former prisoners with lodging boarded almost all of them and their families onto buses which headed to 15 destinations across Spain , including Barcelona and Malaga , the diplomat said . Centers in Madrid are already at capacity with other former prisoners , the diplomat said , and that 's why most of the latest arrivals were sent elsewhere .	Latest group includes 37 former Cuban political prisoners and their relatives They are the last of a group of political prisoners whose release was negotiated last year They boarded buses headed for 15 destinations around Spain
Apple released its latest mobile operating system update on Monday , iOS 7.1 . The major upgrade packs in an assortment of bug fixes , improvements , new features and some subtle changes to the overall interface . iOS 7.1 is the first major update to the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch operating system since iOS 7 was released in September 2013 . There are some welcome repairs in 7.1 . The update improves the accuracy of the fingerprint sensor on iPhone 5S devices , which occasionally had issues recognizing fingerprints . Apple says there are general performance improvements for iPhone 4 owners , many of whom complained of speed and other issues after upgrading to iOS 7.0 . It also repairs a bug that caused the home screen to crash . Minor upgrades include an additional way to activate Siri . You can now hold down the Home button and start speaking , letting go when you 're done bossing it around . Without the upgrade , you must wait for Siri to detect when you are done speaking . Male and female Siri voices have been updated to sound more natural in Mandarin , Japanese and UK and Australian English . iPhone photographers wo n't have to manually toggle on HDR . The camera on the iPhone 5S will now automatically detect scenes it thinks can benefit from high-dynamic range and turn it on . iTunes Radio , the Calendar App and FaceTime have all added minor improvements , and there are a handful of accessibility tweaks aimed at making the OS work better for the visually impaired . The big new feature in 7.1 is CarPlay , a tool for pairing an iPhone 5 and newer smartphones with select in-car systems . Apple announced details about CarPlay last week . It lets drivers control features like navigation , the phone , music and messages using Siri voice control , an in-car touchscreen display , and the usual buttons and knobs built into cars . Do n't get too excited about taking CarPlay for a spin just yet . The feature is part of a new partnership with big-name car companies , including Volvo , Ferrari , Honda , Hyundai and Mercedes-Benz , and will only be available for a small number of new vehicles for now . To get the free update on your mobile Apple device , make sure you 're connected to a Wi-Fi network  it 's too big to download over your cellular connection  , go to Settings - > General - > Software Update and tap Download and Install . It can also be downloaded through iTunes . You can find a full list of the changes on Apple 's support site .	Apple releases the iOS 7.1 update for the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch The update includes the new CarPlay feature and a fix for the iPhone 5S fingerprint sensor There are other improvements and bug fixes for Siri , iTunes Radio , the calendar and accessibility options
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A team of experts gathered Friday on Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula to decide how to deal with marauding bears that reportedly have killed two people recently . As many as 12,000 bears live on Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula . The bears are blamed for the deaths of two guards at a geological station near a platinum mine on the peninsula in far eastern Russia . Russian media reports cite local law enforcement officials as saying the remains of the two men had been "  gnawed on . " Groups of bears have been reported in the region since the deaths , and many people have refused to work at the mine , saying they are afraid . Three hunters and a representative of Koryakgeoldobycha , employer of around 400 people at the mine , will evaluate the danger and decide whether killing a few animals is necessary , said Vladimir Rudeyev of the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry in Kamchatka . "  All decisions are made locally , " he told CNN . "  No licenses -LSB- for shooting bears -RSB- have been issued yet . Reports came out that they were , but that 's incorrect . " Hunters might need to kill only the most aggressive bears , he said . Generally , bears are timid animals and need only to be scared off . Exterminating wild bears that are not afraid of humans is relatively common in Canada and the United States . Trouble in northeastern Kamchatka began when the two unarmed geological station guards were found dead July 17 . More than 93 miles  150 kilometers  away , about 20 bears came into another station several days later . Then , dozens more wild bears were seen 25 to 50 miles  40 to 80 kilometers  away , around various stations and villages in the area . "  Bears came out to where they used to live before , " Rudeyev said . "  It constantly happens on the Kamchatka Peninsula , on various rivers , places where people work . " Humans are to blame because they attract the animals by leaving out trash or they frighten bear cubs , turning them into aggressive grown-ups , he said . Laura Williams , senior adviser for the World Wildlife Fund in Russia , also said it 's the search for food that probably drives bears close to human camps . Kamchatka bears are used to feeding on salmon in the summer , but there have been fewer of the fish in local rivers this year because of overfishing , contamination or natural causes . "  When -LSB- bears -RSB- do n't have salmon , they go into some of the settlements , creating bad situations both for themselves and people , " Williams said . "  When you 're in bear country , it 's important to know how to act when you meet a bear . " The Kamchatka Peninsula has long been known for its brown bear population , estimated at 8,000 to 12,000 . In some areas of the peninsula , the population density is the greatest in the world . Human deaths from bears are rare , and Williams said it would be an overstatement to say the situation this year is out of hand . CNN 's Mike Sefanov contributed to this report .	Two guards killed July 17 near platinum mine , apparently by bears Groups of bears seen in other parts of Kamchatka Peninsula in eastern Russia Official says it may be necessary to shoot some bears to protect people Experts say salmon shortage is driving bears into closer contact with humans
CNN  -- For a year , journalist and author David Eimer traveled the edges of China exploring a side of the country that obliterates expectations . "  Most people are unaware of the sheer diversity of China in terms of ethnic minorities , " says the former Beijing resident and China correspondent for the Sunday Telegraph newspaper . "  I met people who have blond hair and blue eyes and look completely European but are 100 % Chinese in terms of upbringing and language . " The Chinese government officially classifies 55 ethnic minorities . During his travels through Yunnan , Tibet , Xinjiang and the Dongbei region , Eimer met many of them . These are people distinct from the Chinese majority -- the Han -- with their own languages , cultures and histories , who happen to be living within China 's national borders . Eimer has collated their stories in his latest book , "  The Emperor Far Away : Travels at the Edge of China , " published in July by Bloomsbury USA . CNN spoke with Eimer  now based in Bangkok  about his travels and China 's ethnic minority communities . CNN : Why write this book ? David Eimer : There are a hundred million people living in China who are n't Han . I wanted to go to those regions and give them a bit of voice . CNN : Your favorite place from your travels ? Eimer : Deep south of Yunnan . It 's got great food , it 's not a politically sensitive area . Almost half of Chinese minorities live in the south of Yunnan . If you want , you can see Hakka villages , Dai villages and a fair number of tourists do go there for that . The Chinese like to think of Xishuangbanna -LSB- an autonomous prefecture within Yunnan Province -RSB- as their own Thailand . It does n't have a coastline , but the food , language and climate are all similar to Southeast Asia . CNN : Any memories stand out from the area ? Eimer : One of my favorite experiences was trekking through villages along the border with Burma and staying with families along the way . You just arrive and ask around , pay them RMB 50  $ 8  and they 'll say , "  sure , " and you can drink rice wine with them . CNN : Which was the most difficult place to cover ? Eimer : Tibet just because of the controls the government places on foreigners who go there . As a journalist you 're not meant to be there , but it 's not a problem for tourists . It 's a stunning part of the world . You 'll see scenery that you do n't see anywhere else on the planet . But  Tibetans are the hardest people to really engage with . You wo n't want to get them in trouble by asking sensitive questions , and a lot are scared by the heavy PLA and wujing  paramilitary  presence . The food is really bad . The hotels are n't really hotels , they 're just like plain concrete-floor rooms with no showers . There was a space of 10 days where I had one shower . CNN : What was wrong with the food ? Eimer : They ca n't grow vegetables so it 's all imported . I love Chinese food but I have to say Tibetan food is my least favorite . It 's dumplings or fried rice and a bit of yak meat if you 're lucky , so yeah it grinds you down a bit . CNN : What was the appeal of Dongbei , China 's northeast region ? Eimer : It 's right next door to North Korea and Russia and I do n't think people realize that there 's like a "  third Korea " within China . There are a couple million ethnic Koreans living in Dongbei along the border , they are given leeway in terms of speaking the language and going to schools that teach in Korean . They are all watching South Korean soap operas and listening to K-pop and eating dog  a common North Korean dish  and kimchi inside China . Chinese Koreans are all from North Korea , but culturally they are South Korean , they have n't been cut off and isolated . CNN : Did you get to the Russian border area ? Eimer : When you head toward Russia it just looks like Siberia . I was there in winter and the landscape is bleak , lots of snow and under-populated areas . I was interested in Manchus in this region . The Manchus were the only minority that ruled China in the past . I thought it was interesting to see their homelands and how they had been absorbed to the point of having only 100 people left who can still speak the Manchu language . CNN : Did you meet any Manchus ? Eimer : The only genuine Manchu person I met was in Xinjiang , thousands of miles away from what was once the Manchu heartland . There 's a specific ethnic minority in Xinjiang -- the Xibe -- who are closely related to the Manchu and who are the descendants of soldiers sent to guard the edges of the Qing Empire in the 18th century . Xinjiang is now the only place in China where you 're likely to hear someone speaking an approximation of Manchu . In fact , although around 10 million people in China register themselves as Manchu , most are mixed Han and Manchu , a result of extensive intermarriage , so there are very few people left who are 100 % Manchu . CNN : In the book you seem pessimistic about the Tibetan and Uyghur independence movements . Eimer : I 'm pessimistic about Tibetans and Uyghurs gaining independence . To split the country is ultimate heresy for the CCP  Chinese Communist Party  , it will never happen and they will do everything to prevent it . Sadly the situation now in Xinjiang and Tibet has gotten to the point where violent extremism is the way forward rather than reconciliation . You 're not going to see Uyghurs sitting down in Beijing for talks . Giving Ilham Tohti life in prison sends the message : it 's our way or no way . -LSB- A Uyghur economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , Tohti was found guilty of "  separatism " and sentenced to life in prison by a Chinese court in September . -RSB- The situation will only get worse . It will present really big challenges for the CCP . Are they going to effectively keep one-third of China 's landmass under virtual martial law ? CNN : Would you say Taiwan and Hong Kong are heading down a similar road ? Eimer : What 's happening on the fringes , you can include Hong Kong into that . Hong Kong is it 's own place . It 's not the mainland . In Xinjiang and Tibet , CCP rule is being challenged more and more , and the same goes for Hong Kong where  they 're  doing it in a peaceful , nonviolent way . I think it 's interesting that the pressures the CCP are getting are from parts of the country that were previously regarded as reasonably docile . They were n't prepared for Hong Kong people to stand up and say "  no " and they have to be careful because Taiwan is looking very closely at what 's going on in Hong Kong to determine whether One Country Two Systems will work for them . CNN : Some argue that China is already doing the best it can to keep an incredibly large country and population relatively united . Eimer : Managing China is insanity . How do you do it ? I still think China is the most fascinating country in the world for many of these reasons . China is more like an empire . Managing China has always been difficult , which is why the book is called "  The Emperor Far Away . " CNN : What do you always travel with ? Eimer : A Swiss army knife , notebook , pen and money or access to money , as well as passport , of course . Anything else you can buy along the way .	Journalist David Eimer 's new book chronicles many of China 's 55 official ethnic groups Xishuangbanna is China 's Thailand , with food and climate similar to Southeast Asian countries Eimer also visited the "  third Korea , " located inside of China He says Tibetans are the hardest to interview
CNN  -- France pulled its last troops engaged directly in combat out of Afghanistan Saturday , in line with a promise by President Francois Hollande to accelerate his country 's withdrawal from the long-running conflict . About 1,500 French troops remain in Afghanistan to remove equipment and to help train Afghan forces , Defense Ministry spokesman Thierry Burkhard said . They are likely to stay there for about six months , he said . The troops who left Saturday will spend a couple of days in Cyprus to decompress and rest before rejoining their families in France for the holidays , according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Top general expects IED problem to rise in Afghanistan Some 2,500 French troops in total have been withdrawn from Afghanistan over the past year , the channel reported . French personnel will continue to run Kabul 's international airport and serve at the city 's military hospital into 2014 , BFM-TV said . France was one of the bigger contributors of troops to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . The United States , whose troops make up the bulk of the force , still has some 68,000 personnel in Afghanistan . Coalition forces are working to get Afghan security forces ready to take charge of security after all NATO-led troops withdraw from Afghanistan at the end of 2014 . What does future hold for Afghanistan ?	France pulls out its last units engaged directly in combat in Afghanistan About 1,500 French troops will remain to remove equipment and train Afghan forces French medical personnel will also continue to serve at a military hospital in Kabul The United States still has 68,000 troops in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Daniel Tosh , host of the Comedy Central show "  Tosh.O , " recently came under attack on the Internet . People on the Internet with way too much time on their hands love attacking someone all at once . The attack on Tosh came after an account of one of his stand-up shows at an L.A. club was posted to a website . According to the account , relayed by a female audience member to the person who kept the website , Tosh started making some rape jokes during his show . The woman was shocked that the shocking Daniel Tosh would say such shocking things . She called out from the audience in the middle of his set , "  Actually , rape jokes are never funny . " To which Tosh allegedly replied , "  Would n't it be funny if that girl got raped by like five guys right now . Like right now ? What if a bunch of guys just raped her ? " I 'm not going to talk here about the joke . I 'm not here to give an opinion about whether what he said was funny or not funny ; that 's strictly a matter of taste , as is any joke . My subject here is whether it 's OK for him to say it . Opinion : Nothing funny about rape jokes If you have never in your life seen a comedian perform , here are the instructions : If a comedian tells a joke that you find funny , you laugh . If he tells a joke you do not find funny , do n't laugh . Or you could possibly go as far as groaning or rolling your eyes . Then you wait for his next joke ; if that 's funny , then you laugh . If it 's not , you do n't laugh -- or at very worst , you can leave quietly . This is the way going to see a comedian has worked for centuries . Some comedians tell nice jokes that you can tell to your kids . Some use bad words -- they work "  blue . " If you do n't want to hear a joke that 's blue , you should n't go to a comedy club where a comedian who makes blue jokes is performing . Back to Tosh : There was talk that he might lose his TV show . I , for one , say this will not happen . Big corporations that hire you decide what will shock and offend them . Their hearts and brains are located in their piggy banks . If they already wanted Daniel Tosh to be gone , they could use this as an excuse . I know of what I speak . Let 's jump back a few years , shall we ? A few days after September 11 , 2001 , I was doing a Friars ' Roast of Hugh Hefner in New York City . Outside , smoke was still in the air . People seemed very reserved and were not totally laughing at any of the comics that night . I wanted to be the first one to slap them out of it . I said , "  I have to leave early tonight . I 'm flying to L.A. I could n't get a direct flight . We have to make a stop at the Empire State Building . " No one in the history of comedy ever lost an audience more completely . You could hear chairs move back and murmuring throughout the crowd . Gasping , groaning . One guy yelled , "  too soon , " which I thought meant I did n't take a long enough pause between the set-up and punch line . I figured there was no lower I could go , so I went into doing The Aristocrats jokes . These are very blue . The crowd soon exploded with laughs and cheers . So : Terrorism is shocking and in bad taste , but a joke about incest and bestiality is totally fine . Jump ahead a few years . Over that period in between , I 've done several very poor-taste jokes . Then the tsunami in Japan happened , and it 's all over the news , with newscasters pretending it hits them personally . Newscasters really should get acting awards . Anyway , I figured I 'd treat a natural disaster the same way I treated terrorism ... with comedy . So , I proceeded to tweet jokes about the tsunami . Most of them were actually quite silly . If there were anything to be outraged about , it would have been about how dumb the jokes actually were . I have always felt comedy and tragedy are roommates . If you look up comedy and tragedy , you will find a very old picture of two masks . One mask is tragedy . It looks like it 's crying . The other mask is comedy . It looks like it 's laughing . Nowadays , we would say , "  How tasteless and insensitive . A comedy mask is laughing at a tragedy mask . " I 'm returning from a job out of town . My agent says , "  You 're not going to print anymore tsunami jokes , are you ? " I look on the Internet and on every news site , it says , "  Aflac fires Gilbert Gottfried . " Of course , as is procedure , when you make a joke nowadays , you must immediately make a public apology . So , much as Tosh did with his rape jokes , I did with my tsunami jokes . People on the Internet were screaming for my death . The news media jumped in , but of course their job is to make a mouse fart sound like it 's a nuclear explosion . They reported on it and repeated my jokes , which seems odd : If what I said is so shocking and inexcusable , why are they repeating it ? Well , it 's to get asses in the seats . They referred to my jokes as "  comments " and "  remarks , " not "  jokes " because if they did , any rational person would have said , "  So , a comic made jokes . What 's the story here ? " I 've been telling jokes like this for a very long time , so the reaction surprised me . It 's like eating Corn Flakes every day for years , and then one day you eat Corn Flakes and all hell breaks loose . Aflac thought I was such an evil person and what I did so heinous that there was only one way to deal with this : Hire a new guy to imitate Gilbert Gottfried , pay him less , save a trainload of cash on commercials , thus bringing closure to this horrible tragedy . My favorite tweet that a fan sent me was , "  Aflac fires Gilbert Gottfried after discovering he 's a comedian . " I got this tweet after the nut jobs on the Internet were through and common sense prevailed . I had an overwhelming response from people saying the same thing , " **** 'em if they ca n't take a joke . " George Carlin once said , "  It 's the duty of a comedian to find out where the line is drawn and then step over it . " I do n't want to compare myself to George Carlin because when I first heard his quote , I laughed and said , "  He said dooty . " I guess he was more intellectual than me . In conclusion , I wish to inform every comedian , the new motto is : "  Guns do n't kill people . Jokes kill people . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gilbert Gottfried .	Gilbert Gottfried : During a stand-up comedy show , Daniel Tosh made jokes about rape Gottfried : A woman objected . Comics make jokes ; people can decide to laugh , not laugh , leave He says people criticized his jokes after 9-11 ; Aflac fired him for making Japan tsunami jokes Gottfried : Media , Internet like to blow things up ; comedians ' job to find line , step over
CNN  -- Cheers in Moscow . Outrage in Kiev . Bloodshed in Simferopol . Tuesday saw Russian President Vladimir Putin announce the annexation of Crimea , two days after voters in that semiautonomous territory approved a hastily called referendum on separating from Ukraine . Putin told a joint session of Russia 's Parliament that the nearly 97 % of Crimean residents who voted to join Russia over the weekend was "  an extremely convincing figure . " "  In our hearts , we know Crimea has always been an inalienable part of Russia , " he said . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk called it "  a robbery on an international scale , " one that Kiev will never accept . "  One country has come and temporarily stolen part of of the territory of an independent country , " he said . "  It will be difficult to find a quick resolution to this problem , but Russia is now isolated by the whole international community . " And after a member of its military was killed , another wounded and more captured when masked gunmen seized their base near the Crimean regional capital , Simferopol , Ukraine 's defense ministry authorized its forces to open fire . Yatsenyuk warned that the crisis was shifting "  from political to the military form , and the blame is on the Russian military . " Crimea , which has an ethnic Russian majority , has long been a semiautonomous region within Ukraine . It has had its own Parliament , but the Ukrainian government had veto power over its actions . After the revolt that forced pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych from office in February , Russian troops poured into the Crimean Peninsula , effectively cutting it off in support of a pro-Russian government that took power in Simferopol . Putin said Tuesday that Russia had to act as Ukraine 's new government , backed by the United States and European powers , prepared "  to seize the state through terror and murders . " "  The main executors of this were nationalists , Russia-phobes and anti-Semites , " he said . "  Those people define what is happening today in Ukraine . " But international observers have said Moscow saw its chance to annex a strategic territory , one that was transferred to Ukraine in the Soviet era and which still hosts the home port of Russia 's Black Sea Fleet . Ukraine 's interim President , Oleksandr Turchynov , told reporters that Putin is "  mimicking the fascists of the last century " by annexing Crimea . "  The political leadership of Russia will have to answer before the whole world for crimes they are committing today in our country , " Turchynov said . Cameron : Annexation sends ' a chilling message ' Putin declared Tuesday that "  We have not used our armed forces in Crimea , " despite what has been stated by international observers and the government of Kiev . He said the 22,000 Russian troops in Crimea did not enter during the current crisis , but "  were already there , " in accordance with previous international negotiations . Russian forces were allowed in Crimea under a treaty that allowed the Black Sea Fleet to be based there , but the movements of its forces within Crimea are supposed to be agreed upon with Kiev . Putin praised those forces for avoiding bloodshed , but the tensions appear to have boiled over into violence Tuesday . Masked gunmen killed a member of Ukraine 's military , wounded another and arrested the remaining staff of Ukraine 's military topographic and navigation directorate at Simferopol , Defense Ministry spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov told CNN . After that , the Defense Ministry authorized its forces in Crimea to use weapons "  to protect and preserve the life of Ukrainian soldiers , " according to a statement posted on its website . Petro Poroshenko , a Ukrainian member of Parliament and former foreign minister , said Tuesday that his country stands at "  the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , and we should do our best to stop this process . " "  Several weeks ago , we had a guarantee that nothing -LSB- would -RSB- happen with the Crimea . Several weeks ago we had -LSB- a situation -RSB- that there is not any military presence on Ukrainian territory , including the Crimea , " he told CNN 's "  Amanpour " program . Now , he said , "  I strongly believe that this is not only Ukrainian territory is now threatened . " "  Now under attack can be any country in the European Union , including other parts of Ukraine , " said Poroshenko , a billionaire and leading potential candidate for president . "  That 's why we should think that it can never happen again . " U.S. and EU officials imposed sanctions on more than two dozen Russian and Crimean officials Monday and have urged Russia to avoid escalating the crisis , but Moscow has ignored those calls . Tuesday 's annexation brought a new round of condemnation from the West , with British Prime Minister David Cameron saying it sends "  a chilling message across the continent of Europe . " "  It is completely unacceptable for Russia to use force to change borders , on the basis of a sham referendum held at the barrel of a Russian gun , " Cameron said in a statement issued by Downing Street . "  President Putin should be in no doubt that Russia will face more serious consequences , and I will push European leaders to agree further EU measures when we meet on Thursday . " Russia faces ` more than just sanctions , ' Biden says The G7 group of industrialized nations had already suspended preparations for a planned G8 summit in the Russian city of Sochi . Now , U.S. President Barack Obama has invited his counterparts from the other G7 countries and the European Union to a meeting of next week on the margins of a nuclear security summit in The Hague , U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said . The planned meeting comes amid speculation that Russia will get kicked out of the G8 -- which comprises the G7 countries plus Russia -- because of its actions in Crimea . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry criticized "  this rise of a kind of nationalism that is exercised unilaterally , to the exclusion of the international legal process . " "  That 's what we have worked hard to avoid ever since World War II , " Kerry said . He acknowledged that Russia has interests in Crimea and "  an enormous historical connection to Ukraine , " but said he was "  really struck and somewhat surprised and even disappointed " by Putin 's case for annexing the territory . "  With all due respect , it just did n't  jibe  with reality or what 's happening on the ground , " Kerry said . "  The President may have his version of history , but I believe that he and Russia , for what they have done , are on the wrong side of history . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the "  so-called referendum " and the acceptance of Crimea to the Russian Federation "  goes against international law , " while French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and a French delegation have postponed a planned visit to Moscow because of the Ukrainian situation , the Russian Foreign Ministry said . And U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , dispatched to reassure NATO allies in Eastern Europe , said Russia faces "  more than just sanctions " unless it abandons its "  land grab " in Crimea . "  We 're talking about Russia putting itself on a path that undermines long-term confidence and creates obstacles for its full participation in the global economy , " Biden said after talks in Poland 's capital , Warsaw . "  That path that they 've placed themselves on does nothing to help the next generation of Russians compete and succeed in a world that will be led by the most dynamic and open economies . " Condemnation abroad , cheers at home But lawmakers in Moscow met Putin 's address with regular and enthusiastic applause . The Russian leader accused the West of "  double standards " and cynicism in its response to the Crimean crisis , citing Kosovo -- which split from Russia 's historical ally Serbia over fierce objections from Belgrade -- as a precedent . "  It 's absolutely in favor of their own interests -- black today , white tomorrow , " he said . Russia 's Parliament is expected to vote on ratifying Crimea 's accession to the Russian Federation by the end of the week . The speaker of Russia 's upper house of Parliament , Valentina Matvineko , told state-run Russia-24 TV that the process of adding a new member to the Russian Federation "  can be done rather promptly . " And hours after the annexation announcement , Putin appeared at a huge celebration on Red Square organized by his supporters -- a sign of his widespread popularity at home . An opinion poll by the Moscow-based Levada Center puts his approval rating at 72 % -- the highest in more than three years , and the second-highest point of his presidency . The highest point came in 2008 , during Russia 's conflict with Georgia , another former Soviet republic . "  Putin in many senses , on many levels , crystallizes the Russian national consciousness , " biographer Alexander Korobko told CNN . "  For the past 100 years perhaps , we have never had a leader who would appeal to the Russian soul ... as much as Putin . " Most Russians and Crimeans feel Crimea "  is coming back home , " and a country that can produce "  pretty much anything " has little fear of sanctions , he said . "  It is absolutely not in the U.S. interest to impose sanctions on Russia , because who will take American astronauts to space if not us Russians ? " Korobko asked . Crimea 's vote : Was it legal ? Opinion : Obama ca n't have it both ways on Crimea West 's sanctions on Russia : Are they just for show ? Opinion : Putin wo n't stop at Crimea CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Matt Smith wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Frederik Pleitgen , Nick Paton Walsh , Elena Sandreyev and Mick Krever contributed to this report .	NEW : Putin , Russia "  on the wrong side of history , " Kerry says NEW : Ukraine faces ` the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , ' lawmaker says Putin calls Crimea "  an inalienable part of Russia " as he signs annexation pact Ukraine authorizes use of force after bloodshed in Crimea
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Thousands of people are taking part Saturday in a march through the Northern Ireland city of Belfast that many fear could inflame tensions between Catholics and Protestants . Over the course of the day , up to 30,000 people were expected to join the Ulster Covenant parade , held to mark the 100th anniversary of the signing of a pro-union document which helped shape Northern Ireland 's history . The parade left from Belfast City Hall Saturday morning , headed for the grounds of Stormont , beside the Parliament Buildings . Concerns over potential disorder along the route center have focused on an area near St. Patrick 's Church , where violence flared up between Catholics and Protestants earlier this month . The parade passed near the flashpoint Roman Catholic church , near the city center , without incident Saturday morning but must still return along that route in the evening . Hundreds of police officers are stationed along the route in that area , with many more elsewhere in the city , as the Northern Ireland police service braces for possible trouble . About 2,000 people took part in the morning parade feeding into the main demonstration , in which tens of thousands are expected to take part . The parade , a special event for the Ulster Covenant centenary , is expected to be one of the biggest held in years . Hundreds of parades take place across Northern Ireland each year , the majority involving the Protestant Orange Order and associated organizations , although pro-Irish nationalists also have marches . The Northern Ireland Parades Commission rules on which marches are allowed to take place and which are banned , in an effort to keep friction to a minimum . Most parades pass off peacefully , but when members of one community march near or through neighborhoods dominated by another , violence sometimes occurs . The rioting in Belfast earlier this month , which left dozens of police officers injured , was some of the worst seen by the city in years . Tensions have been high all summer , and behind-the-scenes talks over Saturday 's highly symbolic parade did not succeed in brokering a compromise between the Catholic and Protestant communities over the staging of the event . The Ulster Covenant was a document signed in 1912 by nearly half a million people in opposition to steps by the government in Westminster to introduce "  Home Rule , " or self-government , in Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The three decades of ensuing violence between the Irish Republican Army and loyalists claimed the lives of more than 3,000 people , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 effectively ended the conflict , suspicions between Catholics and Protestants remain . Under the terms of the landmark accord , terrorist groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . Journalist Peter Taggart and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Thousands of police are deployed in Belfast to prevent possible outbreaks of violence The parade marks the centenary of the signing of the pro-union Ulster Covenant Up to 30,000 people are expected to take part in the march Tensions have been high this summer between Catholics and Protestants in the city
CNN  -- Football players are pushing for the sport 's world governing body FIFA to bring in technology to decide whether the ball has crossed the goalline . In a poll by international players ' union FIFpro , 90 percent of respondents said they wanted to see goalline technology introduced . FIFpro has submitted the findings to the International Football Association Board , FIFA 's lawmaking body , which is meeting on Saturday , March 6 , to discuss possible changes to the laws of the game . Tijs Tummers , secretary of FIFpro 's technical committee , said players have had enough of games being blighted by incorrect decisions over goals . "  The ultimate aim of football is scoring goals , and there 's no greater injustice than when you have scored and it 's not allowed because they say it did not cross the line , " Tummers told CNN . "  Every weekend you see a situation like this in one of the top European leagues . "  There are no buts . It 's very simple . The only argument against is that you say we want to keep a human feel but in the opinion of FIFpro and the players that is nonsense . " German sportswear giant Adidas has been working on a form of technology involving a microchip in the ball , while other options include a version of the Hawk-Eye system of computerized cameras currently used in tennis . FIFA President Sepp Blatter has called for a system which is accurate but does n't disrupt the flow of the game . FIFA has tested goalline technology in junior tournaments but has recently moved away from further trials in favor of a simpler system involving two extra assistant referees stationed at each end . The scheme , favored by UEFA President Michel Platini , has been tested in the Europa League this season but has proved unpopular with coaches and players . FIFpro polled the 48 captains who have played in the Europa League this season , with 70 percent of the 31 who responded saying they saw no improvement in decision-making . The row between extra referees and technology is on the agenda for the IFAB meeting , with any changes to be implemented next season , after the World Cup . Other issues under review include whether players who concede penalties through professional fouls should also be sent off , and whether players should continue to be allowed to feint their run-ups when taking penalties .	Football players lobby FIFA to introduce goalline technology FIFA meet on March 6 to discuss football law changes Players unimpressed by extra referees Europa League trial
CNN  -- David Hall thought that he 'd been careful , working diligently in his job as an Air Force sergeant , and staying quiet about his outside life , including his sexual orientation . Then , a female cadet went to his commander , with the revelation that Hall -- who had been first in his ROTC pilot 's training class and long aspired to a military career -- was gay . Soon thereafter , in 2002 , he was discharged , the life-long military brat 's dreams of being a pilot suddenly dashed . "  It was stunning , disappointing , " Hall said of being outed , and ousted , despite "  doing everything that the Air Force had asked of me . " "  I lost everything that I had been working for . " But starting Tuesday , Hall 's future could take another turn . That 's when the U.S. Defense Department is set to formally repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that has been in place since 1993 . Advocates for the change overcame intense opposition from some who claimed allowing gay men and women to serve openly would hurt the military by making other troops uncomfortable and less effective , hurting morale and the military as a whole . And it also survived a last-minute push by two of the most powerful Republicans on the House Armed Service Committee to keep the policy in place . "  There were many times when we thought it was n't going to happen , " said Brian Moulton , chief legislative counsel for the Human Rights Campaign . "  Tuesday  is a tremendous day for  gay rights advocates  . " So , too , will be the days to follow . Hall , who joined the Air Force in 1996 , said he 's already been in touch with a recruiter , as he 's actively considering returning to the military . "  My views of the military have never changed , I 've always loved the military , " he said . "  It is great  the law is no longer in effect  , because it is going to make the military stronger . " The policy , which became known as DADT , was extremely controversial when it first took shape . During his presidential campaign , Bill Clinton had vowed to let gays fight alongside straight people . But under intense pressure from conservatives fearful that such a policy would hurt the military 's effectiveness , the compromise was crafted . Under it , military officials could not ask a soldier , sailor or airman about his or her sexual preferences . But if the troop 's orientation came to light , it could lead to their discharge from the military . Some , like Hall , claim they never brought anything up themselves to their superiors , but still were forced to leave . Since its inception , the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network -- which Hall now works for -- estimates more than 14,000 people were kicked out of the military due to "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " with the highest rates occurring in 2000 and 2001 . The advocacy group said that its figures come from Defense Department statistics , obtained via Freedom of Information Act requests . Efforts on Monday to reach several organizations that opposed the policy 's repeal were unsuccessful . But those on the other side of the debate described DADT as discriminatory . "  This is one of two remaining federal laws where the government says , in point-blank terms : Gay people are treated one way , and straight people are treated another way , " said James Esseks , direction of the American Civil Liberty Union 's LGBT project , adding that the other law is the Defense of Marriage Act . "  Discrimination is written right into the face of law . " While serving , Hall said that it became "  a game " for him and many other closeted military personnel , realizing "  at work , I do n't talk about my personal life . " But in time , and after his discharge , the ex-Air Force sergeant said that he came to the realization that "  the military was behind on this issue . " "  They do n't like change , and they do n't want change unless they have to do it , " he said . Still , Clark Cooper , the executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans -- a gay rights group , does n't expect the change to create major ripples . "  Sure there 's going to be some homophobia here and there , but at the end of the day , if you 're a service member , you are expected to be a professional , " he said . "  Misbehavior wo n't be tolerated and it wo n't be allowed . " Racial integration and the inclusion of women in the armed forces were bigger cultural steps , Cooper said . By 2011 , the militaries of several countries -- including Israel and NATO allies like England , Germany and France -- allowed gays to serve openly . And public opinion began to shift as well . In a Gallup poll from December 2010 -- the same month a lame-duck Congress approved the repeal -- 67 % of respondents favored a similar policy in the United States , with 28 % dissenting . "  Over the last 17 years , the country has learned a lot more about gay people , " said Esseks . "  As a whole , it is much more comfortable with the fact that gay people exist . " Even so , the effort led by President Barack Obama to repeal the law was n't without roadblocks . Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican and former war hero , was among those opposed , saying at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing , "  At this time , we should be inherently cautious about making any changes that would affect our military , and what changes we do make should be the product of careful and deliberate consideration . " Yet the Defense Department , despite reported dissent within its ranks , pushed for the change . On December 22 , 2010 , Obama signed the repeal into law . But this did n't set off an instantaneous change . Instead , the Pentagon rolled out a months-long process that would involve new training and rules , as well as a confirmation that it would not harm "  military readiness . " Until that time , the policy officially remained in effect . Last week , Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , and Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , the chairman of the committee 's personnel subcommittee , hoped to keep it that way when they wrote Defense Secretary Leon Panetta asking him to "  take immediate action to delay the implementation of repeal . " They claimed Congress has not been adequately informed of policy changes that will accompany the repeal . A defense official who handles questions about the policy said that the department would not respond to a congressional letter via the media . But a spokesperson sent CNN a statement that read , in part , "  The repeal of ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' will occur , in accordance with the law and after a rigorous certification process , on September 20 . " The statement added that "  senior Department of Defense officials have advised Congress of changes to regulations and policies associated with repeal " -- including offering specific regulations and new policies in meetings with House Armed Services Committee staff . Moulton , while claiming that gay , lesbian and transgender people still face "  a great deal of legal and cultural discrimination , " nonetheless called the law 's formal repeal "  a tipping point in the movement for equality . " Esseks agreed , even as he predicted that the concept that people could n't fly planes , sail on Navy ships or fight in battle just because of their sexual orientation will seem antiquated in a few decades . "  There will be a lot of people who will look back and scratch their heads , and say why were people so worried ? " he said . "  It does n't mesh with their experience of America . " CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and John Fricke contributed to this report .	The repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy will become final on Tuesday The law , barring gays from serving openly in the military , was enacted in 1993 Obama signed a bill repealing it in late 2010 , setting off a transition process An ex-Air Force sergeant outed by the policy says the military often does n't like change
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- More than one million people in Darfur are at risk of losing food , water and shelter in coming months , following the expulsion of international aid groups by Sudan 's government , the United Nations ' chief humanitarian coordinator said Tuesday . A Doctors without Borders medic helps a sick child in a Darfur refugee camp . The statement by coordinator John Holmes comes after a joint U.N.-Sudanese assessment of the situation . The information was gathered from March 11-18 in hopes of stemming further troubles in Darfur after Sudan 's government expelled 13 international relief organizations from the wartorn region . The announcement came on the same day that President Omar al-Bashir , now an indicted war criminal , ignored the threat of arrest by traveling abroad to Eritrea . Also Tuesday , a Sudanese staffer working for a Canadian relief group was shot dead in Darfur . A full report of the assessment will be released soon , according to the U.N. , but an executive summary and recommendations were made available on Tuesday . "  While a significant effort is being made by the government , by the U.N. , by the NGOs -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- which are left , to plug some of the immediate gaps in these areas , these are at the same time , ` Band-Aid ' solutions , not long term solutions , " Holmes said . The U.N. estimates that 1.5 million people in Darfur are dependent on healthcare support , 1.1 million need regular food aid , and another 1 million are in need of clean drinking water . The summary released Tuesday said the World Food Programme , which is still allowed to operate in Sudan , is carrying out a one-time-only distribution program in March and April , but that new partners will be needed to continue delivering food after April . After the International Criminal Court charged Bashir with war crimes and crimes against humanity on March 4 , Khartoum expelled 13 international aid agencies and revoked the permits of three organizations in the country . Bashir -- the first sitting head of state to be charged with war crimes by the court -- has continued to say that humanitarian efforts in the country should be "  Sudanized . " "  Within a year , we do n't want to see any foreign aid group dealing with a Sudanese citizen , " he said at a rally a week after his arrest warrant was issued . Holmes said that 13,000 to 14,000 aid workers in the region already were Sudanese nationals . Holmes said the cooperation and technical help from the Sudanese government on the assessment was a good step forward . But he called it "  only the first of many steps if the people in Darfur are not going to suffer major consequences from these expulsions . " Sudan 's U.N. Ambassador , Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad , has repeatedly said he has information implicating the ousted organizations in activities contrary to their humanitarian missions . He has yet to make any of that information public . One claim is that some organizations acted as spies for the International Criminal Court . Holmes denied those allegations , saying they remain unfounded . "  Despite claims that there are dossiers of evidence , we have not been given any of that evidence , " he said . "  In the absence of that , no meaningful investigation can be done . " The British aid organization , Oxfam , one of the agencies expelled from Sudan , released a statement in response to Tuesday 's findings . "  Current stop-gap measures will only be effective for a short time , " the statement said . "  As the rainy season arrives within the next two months , people living in weak temporary shelters , in flood-prone locations where latrines can fill and overflow , will become at extreme risk of disease and death . "  With the humanitarian capacity reduced by nearly 50 percent , responding to such emergency scenarios will be an enormous challenge for others to tackle , " Oxfam said .	Assessment of humanitarian needs in Darfur conducted by UN and Sudan Info collected in bid to stem further troubles after Sudan expelled 13 aid groups Aid groups kicked out after President Omar al-Bashir indicted on war crimes by ICC The U.N. estimates 1.1 million need regular food aid ; 1 million need drinking water
DECATUR , Georgia  CNN  -- One falling tree saved John Kiefer from another . Windstorms in Atlanta , Georgia , uprooted several trees , including this one that fell through John Kiefer 's home . Kiefer was sitting on his sofa Monday morning while a brief but intense windstorm blew through the Atlanta , Georgia , area , including Decatur . He heard a tree crash in his backyard and got up to investigate . That tree knocked down a chain-link fence , and Kiefer was getting worried about several other large backyard trees that were swaying in the wind . "  And as I 'm watching those move and sway , this crashed down , " he said . "  This " was a 50-foot red oak in the front yard that fell onto his living room , splitting his house in half and coming to rest a few inches above where he had been sitting on the couch . "  Yeah , it 's a mess , " he said as he surveyed the tangle of broken wood beams , plaster , bricks and gray insulation . Curiously , Kiefer 's electricity was still on , and cable TV was still playing less then 10 feet away from the massive tree trunk in his living room . An ancient upright piano and various collectibles on it were unharmed . Kiefer had been away over the weekend , visiting a son in Cincinnati , Ohio , and his three dogs were still at the kennel where he boarded them . They 'll be staying there a bit longer . Three years of drought in Georgia have weakened trees ' root systems , and recent heavy rains loosened the soil around them , said Kiefer , who works at a plastics recycling company in nearby Stone Mountain . The windstorm brought down hundreds of trees in the area , including one that crushed a car , killing the person inside , and one that fell on a nursing home , where no one was hurt , CNN affiliate WGCL reported . Service was disrupted on Atlanta 's MARTA rail transit system , according to WGCL . Power and traffic signals were out in many areas . Watch CNN report about dangerous storms " Despite having a tree lying across his living room , Kiefer seemed remarkably calm , but that was a new development . "  Couple of hours ago my knees where shaking pretty good , " he admitted . But , he said , God was looking out for him . "  Actually , he saved my life , " Kiefer said . "  When I came outside to investigate that noise , that was my warning to get up off that couch . And then , not to go back in the house when it got real windy , but to stand right there where that tree stopped . There are no coincidences . "	Brief but intense windstorm blows through Atlanta , Georgia Winds brought down hundreds of trees , including one that killed person inside car Another tree fell on a nursing home ; no one was hurt
CNN  -- President Barack Obama blamed the fiscal cliff standoff in Congress for the contraction in the U.S. economy at the end of 2012 and weighed in on the safety of football in a pre-Super Bowl interview Sunday . During the roughly eight-minute live session with CBS host Scott Pelley , Obama said new concerns about long-term brain damage in football players "  means the game is probably going to evolve a little bit . " "  For those of us who like to see a big hit and enjoy the rock 'em , sock 'em elements of the game , we 're probably going to be occasionally frustrated , " the president said . But he added , "  We want to make sure that after people have played the game , that they 're going to be OK . " Obama spoke less than two hours before the San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens played for the NFL title in New Orleans in the most-watched event in U.S. sports . Sunday 's game comes as football is under new scrutiny , with more than 1,500 former players accusing the NFL in a lawsuit of hiding the dangers of concussions from them . Another lawsuit was filed in January by the family of former linebacker Junior Seau , who argued his suicide in May was the result of a brain disease caused by violent hits he endured playing the game . Seau 's brain was donated to science , and a study by the National Institutes of Health found he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- a neurodegenerative brain disease that can follow multiple hits to the head . Former NFL player wants his brain studied after his death Obama said professional players "  are grown men , " well-paid and informed about the risks . But for players in the "  pipeline , " from the Pop Warner leagues through college , "  I want to make sure that we 're doing everything we can to make the sport safer . " The interview came four days after government figures showed the U.S. economy shrank a tenth of a percent in the fourth quarter of 2012 , the first dip in more than three years . The Commerce Department said a large cut in federal spending , primarily on defense , was one of the biggest drags on growth . "  It had to do with folks being worried about the possible impacts of the fiscal cliff and what goes on here in Washington , " Obama said . "  Washington can not continually operate under a cloud of crisis . That freezes up consumers . It gets businesses worried . We ca n't afford these self-inflicted wounds . " Obama also defended his administration 's decision to open positions in armed forces combat units to women and supported the Boy Scouts ' move to end their national ban on homosexuals . Activists hail a watershed moment "  The Scouts are a great institution that are promoting young people and exposing them to opportunities and leadership that will serve people for the rest of their lives , and I think nobody should be barred from that , " he said . The White House said in 2012 that Obama -- who as president , serves as the honorary national president of the Boy Scouts of America -- disagreed with the organization 's ban . It 's Obama 's second CBS interview in a week . The president and outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sat down for a joint Q&A with "  60 Minutes " on January 27 .	Obama says the fourth-quarter economic dip was "  self-inflicted " "  Washington can not continually operate under a cloud of crisis , " he tells CBS In the pre-Super Bowl interview , Obama says he wants to make football safer
CNN  -- Schalke moved to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen after winning 2-0 away to fellow title hopefuls Werder Bremen on Saturday night . Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek scored in the second half to put Schalke a point above third-placed Bayern Munich , who earlier crushed lowly Bochum 5-1 to cap a memorable week . Former Germany striker Kuranyi put Schalke ahead two minutes after halftime and midfielder Moravek ensured Bremen 's first league defeat since the opening day of the season with his 72nd-minute goal . Bremen could also have closed to within a point of Leverkusen , who were held 2-2 at bottom club Hertha Berlin on Friday night , but ended the night two points adrift of Bayern . Louis Van Gaal 's Bayern , runners-up to Wolfsburg last season , briefly reached their highest league position since he took over as coach in the summer as Mario Gomez continued his recent scoring run with the opening goal at Bochum and strike partner Ivica Olic netted twice . Bayern , who crushed Italian giants Juventus 4-1 in midweek to qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League , moved to within two points of leaders Bayer Leverkusen , Olic set up Gomez 's 23rd-minute header for the opening goal , and Mergim Mavraj put through his own net 10 minutes later as the Germany international tried to repay the favor to the Croatian . Olic got on the scoresheet two minutes before halftime from Bastian Schweinsteiger 's cross and made it 4-0 four minutes after the break with a header from Holger Badstuber 's delivery . Danijel Pranjic extended the lead five minutes later after fullback Phillip Lahm surged into the box and squared the ball to him , while Christian Fuchs scored a consolation free-kick for Bochum in the 76th minute . Fifth-placed Hamburg joined Bremen on 28 points , winning 4-0 at Nuremberg to end a run of seven games without a win . All the goals came in the second half as Eljero Elia 's 47th-minute strike opened the floodgates , and he helped set up Marcell Jansen for the second on the hour mark . Tunay Torun made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fierce rising effort after cutting in from the left , and Elia wrapped it up on 74 from Jansen 's pass . Sixth-placed Hoffenheim failed to keep pace with the teams above them , drawing 1-1 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt , and have now won just once in five league outings . Sejad Salihovic opened the scoring for the hosts in the ninth minute with a penalty after Selim Teber fouled Vedad Ibisevic , but Pirmin Schwegler equalized for Frankfurt on 61 when his long-range effort hit Luis Gustavo and ballooned over goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand and into the net . Borussia Moenchengladbach triumphed 5-3 at home to Hannover , who conceded three own-goals and had a player sent off in an incredible mid-table clash . Defender Karim Haggui twice put into his own net -- the first an lucky rebound from goalkeeper Florian Fromlowitz 's attempted clearance in the 15th minute to open the scoring , and he also contributed the game 's eighth goal with his second faux-pas . Constant Djakpa also conceded at the wrong end to give the hosts a 3-1 lead in the 59th minute , while Hannover 's Didier Ya Konen scored in each half before being dismissed for his second yellow card on 84 . Cologne edged away from the relegation zone with a 0-0 draw at Freiburg as Germany international striker Lukas Podolski -- who has not scored in the Bundesliga since September 13 -- hit the woodwork twice for the visitors .	Schalke move to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek score in second half of 2-0 win at Werder Bremen Fourth-placed Bremen suffer first league defeat since the opening day of the season Bayern Munich claim third place , two points behind Leverkusen , after crushing Bochum 5-1
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  On March 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in South Korea . Then more ominously on December 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached . Again cybercrime was suspected . The source of these attacks ? North Korea . And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks . They shared this data with CNN . The 2013 attack , known as "  Dark Seoul , " paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean . "  It would try to delete essentially all your files ... then restart the system . You would come back up and nothing would be there , " Joshua James , a digital forensic expert , told CNN . "  If it infected more financial systems , it could have deleted all financial data in Korea . I mean , it is dangerous , " the visiting professor at Chuncheon 's Hallym University added . Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down , while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals , or transfer money online . "  Dark Seoul " happened shortly after the North Korean government announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year Korean War to an end in July 1953 amid growing tensions with its neighbor . The latest high-profile digital incursion , in December , attempted to steal data from South Korea 's nuclear operator , including plant blueprints and personnel information . Though investigators said no critical data was stolen , the attack raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the 23 nuclear power plants it runs . The attack itself was described by James as a "  spear-fishing " exercise where unsuspecting victims -- retired and current employees of the nuclear operator -- were prompted to open up a disguised document in their email . "  As soon as you double click on it , it starts running in the background of your computer where you ca n't see ... it 's also trying to open up your computer -- what we call a back door -- to give access to the infected system by the attacker , " he told CNN . The attack , which James said was simpler than "  Dark Seoul , " came just a few days after Sony Pictures said their systems has been "  hacked , " another attack the South Korean authorities blamed on North Korea . "  From a law enforcement or investigation side , we 're trying to actually trace back to who did it , " said James . Seoul announced in mid-March that some of the IP addresses used in December incursion could be traced back to Shenyang , China , which can be easily accessed from the North Korean border . Codes used in the attack were said to be similar in pattern to those used by the North Koreans , South Korean authorities said . "  The malicious codes used in the attack were same in composition and working methods as "  Kimsuky " codes known to be used by North Korea , " the prosecutor 's office that leads 17 other government agencies and Internet companies in the investigation said in the statement in March . Pyongyang has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks , calling them a "  plot and fabrication that can never win over the truth . " But many experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons and can cause significant economic damage to its southern rival . Indeed South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "  cyberarmy " of 6,000 workers as it focuses on strengthening its asymmetrical warfare capability . "  Hacks are going on all the time , constantly -- though how many actually make the news is a very small amount , " said James . "  How many are detected in general ? I think the average person would have no clue they 've been hacked . "  Organizations need to invest the same amount that hackers are investing to protect themselves and right now they 're not , " he added . Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks . A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade , a government-funded think tank , estimates that "  Dark Seoul " caused about $ 820 million worth of damage . Its report , published in 2014 , predicted that by 2020 , South Korea could be exposed to hacking attacks causing up to $ 25 billion in economic damage .	South Korean investigators say they have proof that North Korea is launching cyberattacks Reports say the North is investing heavily in digital warfare December attack on banks in South Korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says
CNN  -- The son of Green Bay Packers offensive coordinator Joe Philbin died from "  fresh water drowning " and there was no evidence of foul play , Oshkosh , Wisconsin , police said Wednesday . The body of Michael Philbin , 21 , was pulled from a river Monday , a day after he went missing while in Oshkosh to visit friends , police said . Toxicology results from the autopsy , conducted Tuesday , will not be available for several weeks , according to a police statement . "  We love Michael so much and will miss him dearly , " Joe Philbin said in a statement released Tuesday afternoon . "  He loved his family , friends and life . His memory will live on in the hearts and minds of all who knew him . " Philbin thanked the agencies that assisted in the search and expressed gratitude for "  the prayers and the support of our family , friends and the Packers family . " On behalf of the team , Packers general manager Ted Thompson said everyone 's thoughts and prayers were with the family . "  This is an emotional and difficult time for them , and we ask that everyone respect their privacy , " he said . "  All of us in the Packers family share in their grief . " The body was found Monday in the Fox River after Oshkosh police put out an alert asking citizens for help locate Philbin , who lived about 20 miles away in Ripon . His last known communication was at 2 a.m. Sunday , police said . "  He talked to a friend . He did n't sound like he was under duress or he had any medical condition , " police spokesman Joe Nichols told CNN affiliate WTMJ on Monday . "  The phone conversation ended , and that was the last time someone had voice contact . " Michael Philbin was the second-eldest of six children of Joe Philbin and his wife , Diane , according to the Packers ' website . His funeral is set for Friday . His father coached for 19 years at college football programs before coming to Green Bay in 2003 as an assistant offensive line coach . He became the team 's offensive coordinator in 2007 and played a significant part in the Packers ' league-best 15-1 regular season record this season . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	Michael Philbin , 21 , went missing Sunday in Oshkosh , Wisconsin Searchers pulled his body from a river on Monday Toxicology results will be available in several weeks , police say There was no evidence of foul play , police say
NBC was wary of "  The Cosby Show . " Sure , Bill Cosby was a successful advertising pitchman and in-demand comedian . But for all his success , he had n't had a hit prime-time television show since "  I Spy " in the '60s . Little did they know . "  The Cosby Show , " starring Cosby as doctor and family man Cliff Huxtable , premiered 30 years ago this week , on Thursday , September 20 , 1984 . It was expected to be a strong second to CBS ' hit "  Magnum , P.I. " Instead , it became a phenomenon : the No. 1 show in television five years running , the program that turned Bill Cosby into Bill Cosby . Its effects were n't limited to its star . Thursdays became TV 's biggest night , with "  Cosby " leading a murderers ' row of NBC shows including "  Cheers , " "  Night Court " and "  L.A. Law " -- and eventually "  Seinfeld , " "  Frasier , " "  Friends " and "  ER . " NBC , after spending the late '70s and early '80s as television 's lowest-rated network , vaulted into the No. 1 spot and held it , on and off , for two decades . The sitcom genre , which had fallen on hard times , was recharged . You can draw a direct line from "  The Cosby Show " to "  Roseanne , " "  Home Improvement " and "  Everybody Loves Raymond . " And some observers have even credited the show , with its upscale , photogenic black family , with smoothing the way for another African-American family to rise -- all the way to the White House . "  Before Obama , There Was Bill Cosby , " headlined a story in The New York Times in describing the "  Cosby Effect . " But Bill Cosby was a trailblazer long before "  The Cosby Show " came along . As "  Cosby : His Life and Times , " a new biography by Mark Whitaker -- a former Newsweek editor and CNN executive -- points out , the man has been a cultural influence since the early 1960s . "  One of the things that I wanted to do in this book is remind people of all the different ways in which he was a pioneer , " Whitaker said in a phone interview . "  Because ` The Cosby Show ' was such an overwhelming success , there are people who forget that he was a pioneer in so many ways before ` The Cosby Show . ' " Indeed , the man contains multitudes : comedian , actor , philanthropist , activist . He is more than he seems , his rise and success paralleling decades in the life of America . Call it "  The Seven Ages of Cosby . " ` Cosby Show ' : Our 10 favorite moments 1 . The standup comedian In some ways , much of Cosby 's persona was fully formed from the first moment he took the stage in New York 's Greenwich Village in the summer of 1962 . The poor kid from North Philadelphia grew up listening to his grandfather tell Bible stories and his mother share the tales of Mark Twain . Cosby , also informed by a love of jazz , became a champion storyteller , focusing not on the rat-a-tat-tat of jokemeisters but on the deeply American rhythms of tale spinners . "  I do n't think it was an accident that the first routine he really became famous for was about the Bible -- the ` Noah ' routine , " says Whitaker . 2 . The multimedia superstar For all of Cosby 's early success as a comedian , he entered a whole new realm of stardom when he was selected as one of the stars of an NBC espionage drama , "  I Spy . " He was the first black actor to star in a dramatic role on a network TV show , becoming "  television 's Jackie Robinson , " in Variety 's words . "  I Spy " was no sure thing . Cosby had help from producer Sheldon Leonard , who stood up for his raw star when NBC got nervous , and co-star Robert Culp , who refused to make an issue of race . In an era when there were few crossover stars , Cosby was a phenomenon . He won three Emmys for his performances in "  I Spy . " His comedy albums , including "  Wonderfulness " and "  To Russell , My Brother , Whom I Slept With , " were best-sellers . He had plans for improving educational outreach  a personal passion  and he established a model for black stars to come . 3 . Dr. William H. Cosby , Inc. . Cosby had many achievements after "  I Spy " ended its run . On the personal side , he went back to school and earned a doctorate in education from the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .  The subject of his dissertation : the role of another Cosby TV series , "  Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids , " as a teaching aid . He also became TV 's foremost advertising pitchman , making commercials for Jell-O pudding and Coca-Cola . "  The three most believable personalities are God , Walter Cronkite and Bill Cosby , " said a Coke executive . 4 . Everybody 's dad Cosby 's popularity as an advertiser helped lay the groundwork for his return to network television , but first he had to remake himself as a comedian . His '60s routines often revolved around childhood , but by the early '80s Cosby was a 40-something father of five . His new routines looked at family relationships from a parent 's point of view . If this made him seem out of touch to comedians who preferred the brashness of Richard Pryor -- Eddie Murphy did a wicked Cosby parody on "  Saturday Night Live " -- a concert film , "  Bill Cosby : Himself , " showed he still had the touch . Though it failed in theaters , endless runs on HBO earned Cosby a whole new group of admirers . "  As good as ` Richard Pryor : Live in Concert ' is , the Cosby thing , as a piece of standup , I think , is even better , " comedian and producer Larry Wilmore told GQ in 2013 . "  I do n't think there was a better one before it , and I do n't think there 's been a better one since . " 5 . Cosbymania ! And then came "  The Cosby Show . " Aside from the boost it gave both Cosby and NBC , the sitcom was notable in other ways . It took advantage of its hit status to showcase a number of notable black entertainers , including Sammy Davis Jr. , Lena Horne and Stevie Wonder . In fact , the Wonder episode , which featured the keyboardist using a synthesizer to record and manipulate audio , later inspired hip-hop artists to make sampling a part of their mix . The Huxtable home in Brooklyn Heights also featured paintings by black artists -- an extension of a love of art by Cosby and his wife , Camille -- and even made colorful sweaters a thing .  Yes , Cosby was well aware that not all the sweaters were attractive . 30 years later , the Cosby sweater still rules The show was sometimes criticized for presenting a sanitized view of the black family -- one that seemed oblivious to the issues of being black in America -- but Whitaker says that , too , was deliberate . "  Cosby was very aware of the power of television , " says Whitaker . "  When  coming into your living room to 35 and 40 million people a week , presenting a positive image -- not only to white viewers but to black viewers -- was deeply powerful and healthy . " 6 . Touched by tragedy "  The Cosby Show " went off the air in 1992 . Cosby 's devotion to education paid particular dividends in the post - "  Cosby " age . A "  Cosby " spinoff , "  A Different World , " "  created an explosion in applications , enrollment and graduation rates at black colleges , " wrote HBCUDigest.com 's Jarrett L. Carter . Cosby himself donated to many schools , most notably a $ 20 million bequest to Atlanta 's Spelman College . But the '90s also gave Cosby some of his most difficult challenges . A woman named Autumn Jackson claimed that she was his daughter and demanded $ 40 million . He admitted an affair with Jackson 's mother , but denied paternity and Jackson later served time for extortion . Cosby also suffered the loss of his son , Ennis , who was killed in an attempted robbery . The actor coped with the loss of his son by establishing a scholarship in Ennis ' name and routinely wearing a sweatshirt with "  Hello Friend " -- Ennis ' greeting -- at concerts . 7 . The wise elder In the 21st century , Cosby has attracted more attention for his statements about the need for African-Americans to take responsibility for their lives . For that , he was depicted as a curmudgeon and a conservative , taking heat from such black writers as Michael Eric Dyson and Ta-Nehisi Coates , though Coates , in particular , later changed his view . But Whitaker says that Cosby is simply stressing a philosophy he 's had all along , one that emphasizes education , social organizations and personal responsibility . The writer believes that in the time that he has left , Cosby is trying to be a positive role model , donating money to schools , meeting with children , and showing up at churches . "  You may disagree with his message , but he puts his money and his time where his mouth is , " Whitaker says . And Cosby has n't slowed . At 77 , he maintains a steady concert schedule and he has a new TV series in the works . But 30 years after "  The Cosby Show " premiered , Cosby 's legacy , says the author , will be his ability to bring people together . "  He was the entertainer who helped black people and white people -- but beyond that , all people -- see that they had more in common than they had differences , " says Whitaker . "  He got them all to laugh together , and it 's really hard to be angry at people when you 're in the same room all laughing at the same thing . "	Bill Cosby 's career not defined by "  The Cosby Show " Comedian was pioneering black actor , notable philanthropist Exec : "  Three most believable personalities are God , Walter Cronkite and Bill Cosby " New book chronicles Cosby 's influential life
CNN  -- What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . Here is a roundup of some of the movement 's recent developments : DAVIS , CALIFORNIA The University of California at Davis placed two police officers on administrative leave after video of them pepper-spraying non-violent protesters at point-blank range sparked outrage at school officials . The chancellor of the University of California , Davis , established a task force Saturday to look into an incident in which a police officer sprayed seated protesters with pepper spray at point blank range . See full story on UC-Davis incident Lida Katehi told CNN 's Don Lemon that she considered the police action on Friday "  unacceptable , " but stressed she has no plans to step down . "  We really want to look into this very carefully and take action ... make sure that it will never happen again on our campus , " she said . One of the protesters hit by the spray told CNN 's Lemon that she was still feeling some after-effects Saturday evening . "  I was shocked , " said Sophia Kamran . "  When students are sitting on the ground and  have  no way of moving to be violent , being totally peaceful , I do n't understand the use of pepper spray against them . " On Saturday evening , as Katehi left campus , dozens of students sat cross-legged and with their arms linked in a silent protest . A reporter asked Katehi , "  Do you still feel threated by the students ? " "  No , " she said . "  No . " Photos : Navigating a mob on a ` day of action ' DES MOINES , IOWA The crowd at the Family Leader Thanksgiving forum in Des Moines erupted in applause as GOP president contender Newt Gingrich said the Occupy protesters need to "  Go get a job , right after you take a bath . " "  All the Occupy movement starts with the premise that we all owe them everything , " he said . "  They take over a public park they did n't pay for , to go nearby to use bathrooms they did n't pay for , to beg for food from places they do n't want to pay for , to obstruct those who are going to work to pay the taxes to sustain the bathrooms and to sustain the park , so they can self-righteously explain they are the paragons of virtue to which we owe everything . "  Now , that is a pretty good symptom of how much the left has collapsed as a moral system in this country , and why you need to reassert something by saying to them , ` Go get a job right after you take a bath . ' " OAKLAND , CALIFORNIA Oakland police on Sunday cleared an encampment set up by Occupy protesters a day earlier in a vacant city lot . The removal took place without incident . No arrests nor injuries were reported , according to a city news release . "  Oakland , not unlike many cities across the country , supports upholding free speech and peaceful forms of expression , but the cost of the encampments is growing and putting a strain on our already fragile resources -- police , public works , and other City staff , " Oakland Mayor Jean Quan said in a statement . The encampment was set up Saturday night when protesters tore down a chain link fence surrounding the lot and put up tents as police watched , but did not intervene . The lot is in a district of shops and nightclubs , and the new Occupy venue did not sit well with some residents . "  I do n't want it in my front yard , my backyard nor my side yard , " resident Toni Vasquez told CNN affiliate KGO . "  This is not the way to do it . This is not the way to do it at all . " WASHINGTON Protesters unfurled a black banner from the roof of the historic Franklin School building Saturday that said , "  Public Property Under Community Control . " They vowed to would stay inside until the vacant building was converted for community use . The school , built in 1869 , served as a homeless shelter in recent years until it was shuttered in 2008 . Protesters say they are against a city plan to sell it for private use . Officers later led the demonstrators out and placed them in police vans .	NEW : Oakland police clear city lot of encamped protesters UC Davis chancellor sets up task force to look into police pepper spray incident Newt Gingrich tells protesters to bathe and get a job DC occupiers want a vacant school building converted for community use
That foods can soothe , reduce anxiety and boost your mood is well known to anyone who has kept a vise grip on a pint of Chunky Monkey at midnight or dived into the deep end of a party pack of chips at the end of a day gone awry . In a perverse way , ice cream and chips do represent a fast-track to happiness . A load of simple carbohydrates provides an instant lift because carbohydrates trigger the rapid release of serotonin , the mood-elevating "  happy hormone . " When the brain produces serotonin , we experience a calming effect . But the problem with a simple carb overload is that it sets off a physiological chain reaction that wreaks havoc on the body . It also taxes the adrenals , suppresses the immune system for hours after intake and generally leaves a person feeling sluggish and off-kilter . And then there 's the sugar crash . Caffeine is no panacea either . "  People who are working a lot and not getting enough sleep often reach for that extra cup of coffee because they think it 's going to help them . But in reality the caffeine makes things much worse , " says Marjorie Nolan , a registered dietitian . "  When you 're anxious and stressed out , your body is already stimulated . Add caffeine , which is a stimulant , on top of that , and you 're setting yourself up to crash and burn a few hours later . Plus , you 're dehydrating yourself , which makes you feel even more fatigued and stressed . You also end up depleting valuable hormones in the long run . " Manuel Villacorta , a Bay Area-based registered dietitian and specialist in sports nutrition , says , "  We used to have to run for our lives , literally , but we 're not doing that anymore . Now most of us are sitting for our lives and livelihoods . People think all that sugar they eat is going to their cells -- and some of it does . But the extra sugar floating around is going straight to the fat cells . It usually builds up in your waistline . And that 's how stress is related to gaining weight . " What 's more , says Villacorta , another side effect of stress eating is that your brain becomes conditioned to want the cookies , bagels , chips and doughnuts . "  Over time , your brain creates these reward pathways . And come 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. , you 're craving those doughnuts . And that 's when you become vulnerable , because once those reward pathways have been created , willpower alone is not going to work so well for you anymore . " I imagine my biggest vice , an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie , happily rolling down its very own reward pathway in my brain . So what do you do then ? "  You need to create a new pathway , a new happy memory , " Villacorta says . "  I tell my clients that when afternoon comes and you have those cravings , maybe what you need to do is get up and take a two-minute walk . Or take 10 deep breaths , which will also help lower cortisol levels . Maybe you really are hungry , in which case you need to eat something both satisfying and nutritious . You have to find other ways of channeling the energy and coping . " Robin Kanarek , interim dean of the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University , speaks to the psychology of stress eating : "  Food is more than nutrition . It can have nutritional value , but it also has cultural and social value . Sometimes our beliefs about food may be influencing behavior as much as the nutrition . " She cites one study in which students were sent either a doughnut or banana , both with an equal of number of calories and sugar grams . The students who were given a doughnut reported feeling worse about themselves and their body image after they ate it . In a second study , subjects were provided with the same milkshake , except one group was told it was high in calories , while the other was told it was low . The people who thought they had a high-calorie shake were much more likely to indulge in Ring Dings  frosted cream-filled devil 's food cakes  afterward . "  The thinking was , ` I 've already messed up so I might as well keep eating . ' " Kanarek recommends having healthy snacks handy . "  Most people have a lull around 3 p.m. . If you 're stressed out and all you can find is junk food from the vending machine down the hall , you may start this cycle that can lead to even more stress , " she says . "  Having some fruits and vegetables readily available lets you indulge in something sweet that tastes good and has nutritional value , without the snowball effect . " According to Villacorta , when it comes to eating to reduce stress , your general goal is twofold : boost the happy hormones  serotonin and dopamine  and reduce the stress hormones  cortisol and adrenaline  , which take a toll on the body over time . Nolan and Villacorta , both national representatives for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics , offer nutrition-based recommendations for combating stress , including : Indulging in complex carbs . All carbs prompt the brain to produce more serotonin . The trick is to stick to more complex carbohydrates because they digest more slowly and keep blood sugar levels stable . Nolan suggests a bowl of oatmeal , whole grain , high-fiber breads and pastas , beans and lentils , which are packed with B vitamins to help keep up energy levels . Villacorta also recommends quinoa , sweet potatoes and fruit . Crunching some veggies . According to Nolan , crunchy raw veggies such as baby carrots , celery and radishes are great stress reducers because the act of crunching releases tension in the jaw without adding many calories . Eating the right kind of fat . Foods high in Omega-3 fatty acids -- walnuts , almonds , flaxseeds , pine nuts , wild tuna and salmon -- help control unhealthy surges in stress hormones . They are also protective against mood disorders such as depression and are important for brain function . "  If you are able to think clearly , you will be better equipped to deal with stress , " Nolan says . Increasing your C. Vitamin C-rich foods , such as citrus fruits , do double duty because they can reduce stress hormone levels even as they boost the immune system , which is often compromised when we are under a lot of stress . Drinking tea . Studies show that theanine , an amino acid found primarily in green tea , can have a calming  but not drowsy  effect while helping to lower elevated blood pressure . Ultimately , the big picture that emerges is much less about short-term solutions and more about creating a diet filled with less processed , more wholesome foods that can provide greater health , well-being and energy -- foods that can also help shore up the immune system by counteracting the pervasive stress in most of our lives . "  You have people consuming these ` light , ' 40 - to 60-calorie snacks , with lots of additives and very little nutrition , " Nolan says . "  With the sight and smell of food , and the chewing , our digestive enzymes are released . But lo and behold , 20 minutes later , there is no actual ` food ' to be had . Our body is n't digesting anything remotely nutritious and thus is n't satiated . That can trigger a low-grade stress hormonal response , and when it 's happening over and over again , it 's really taking a toll on our bodies . " If you 're having trouble figuring out how to make better choices as you 're wandering the supermarket aisles , check out Fooducate and ShopWell -- two smartphone apps and also websites that offer suggestions for healthier food alternatives . "  Eat the right combinations of real food at the right time , " Villacorta recommends . "  Your body will be less taxed , and it will also be better able to handle stress . "	Experts : Stick to more complex carbohydrates because they digest more slowly Crunchy raw veggies like baby carrots , celery and radishes reduce stress , dietitians say Foods high in Omega-3 fatty acids help control surges in stress hormones , they say
CNN  -- The power of the Mexican military was on full display Tuesday in Ciudad Juarez , where police reported the third consecutive day without a drug slaying . A federal police officer guards a checkpoint earlier this month in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico Ten drug-related killings in a single day were common before 9,500 army troops poured into the blood-soaked border town in the past few weeks , said Mauricio Mauricio , a spokesman for the Juarez municipal police . "  It 's a much more secure city at this moment , " he said . "  We have n't had murders with the same regularity and frequency as before . " But as President Obama 's administration announced plans Tuesday to beef up U.S. security along its border with Mexico , there are questions about whether increased military and police efforts in both nations can yield long-term results . Mexico has been spiraling into a deepening pit of violence , with 6,500 people killed in 2008 and the body count continuing apace this year . Most of that violence is occurring along the border , which worries Washington . Mexican President Felipe Calderon and others have said recently that the United States must share responsibility because the demand for drugs and most of the weapons used by drug cartels comes from north of the border . The drug war and security will be a major topic when U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits Mexico on Wednesday and Thursday . Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute , called Obama 's pledge on Tuesday to give $ 700 million in aid to Mexico and assign an additional 360 staff along the border a "  substantive commitment " that shows the United States is serious about attacking the problem . "  It 's an attempt to really put some substance behind the idea of shared responsibility , " Selee said . "  They finally committed some of the resources they said they would to this . " Success will depend on the follow-through , he said . "  Now is the hard part , " he said . "  It 's not easy to follow the money trail or stop the weapons or the criminal networks . " Others say the Obama plan falls short . Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a Washington policy institute , calls it a "  militarized strategy " that is n't oriented toward finding solutions based on economic development or social justice programs . "  This is a feel-good strategy that is meant to produce the illusion of concrete developments taking place when it 's actually just really more of the same , " Birns said . "  You 're talking about a 2,000-mile border , so the odd 16 -LSB- agents -RSB- here or 12 there is not going to do the trick . " On the other hand , Mexico 's major military commitment is certainly showing short-term benefits . Before the army arrived in Ciudad Juarez , there had been more than 400 drug killings this year , police spokesman Mauricio said . Since the army arrived , slayings have dropped 95 percent , he said . Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute , says Mexico 's use of the army in Juarez -- and its evident success -- "  shows that Mexico is definitely not a failed state . Nobody is going to challenge the government for control of a certain area . " Selee sees it as "  increased determination from the Mexican government to establish order . " But there are limitations to using the military in Mexico , Birns and Hakim said . "  There 's bad blood that exists between local communities and the military , " said Birns . "  The Mexican military has not fought a war for years . It 's enemy has always been the local population . " Hakim noted the cost in money , and to the daily fabric of life . "  That 's not a cheap way of keeping law and order , " he said . "  It does a great deal of harm to civilian institutions . The military is not trained to respect human liberties and individual rights . " It 's an ambivalence that many Mexicans feel : security versus liberties . Polls consistently show that security is the top concern among a vast majority of Mexicans . And for many Mexican citizens , the drug war can still hit close to home no matter how far away they live from the front lines . Adrian Jesus Garrido Gomez , a 30-year-old bank loan officer with a wife and two young sons , lives in Tabasco state in southern Mexico , far from the violence tearing up Juarez and other border cities . "  Tabasco has always been relatively safe , " Garrido said by telephone Tuesday . He said a childhood friend worked for 2 1/2 years in a high-paying white-collar job in Reynosa , across the border from McAllen , Texas . When he got married recently , his wife had one request : Let 's move back to Tabasco . They did , six months ago . "  For them , it  was  very insecure , " Garrido said . Reynosa was the site of a four-hour gun battle last month that left five drug traffickers dead and seven police wounded . People worldwide saw video of a television reporter sprawled on a bridge during that fight , trying to file an on-air report over the roar of gunfire . Hakim says Mexican President Calderon 's efforts to paint the United States as partially responsible for the violence is lost on some Mexicans . "  In the end , " Hakim said , "  this is Mexico 's problem as much as Mexico talks about a shared problem . The costs of not getting control of it will be paid by the Mexicans . "	Police in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , reported third straight day without a drug slaying Questions remain about whether increased security efforts can work long term Polls consistently show security is top concern among vast majority of Mexicans Distrust of military has long been part of social fabric of Mexican life
CNN  -- The debate over genetically engineered salmon should be put in the proper context : As the world 's population grows at an accelerating pace , so does the consumption of seafood . This is true not only because there are more mouths to feed , but also because as people become more aware of the health benefits associated with eating seafood , more are switching from meat to fish . To satisfy this demand , we have become very sophisticated fishers , with ever-growing fleets , factory fishing ships and very effective gear . We efficiently hunt our own seafood in the wild ; it seems natural to all of us , while we do not hunt for wild chicken , beef or pork . But fish is harvested at a rate that exceeds the fisheries ' ability to replenish themselves . According to the UN Food and Agricultural Organization , more than 50 percent of the world 's main fisheries stocks are fully exploited , while another 28 percent are over-exploited or depleted . Fish species that used to be plentiful , such as cod , plaice , haddock and others , are now rare in the wild . The king of the oceans , the giant bluefin tuna , is now near the point of no return , its stocks dropping precipitously in the past decade alone . Reflecting upon these declines , the U.S. has become the world 's second largest importer of seafood  after Japan  with more than 80 percent of the seafood consumed in this country coming from overseas . And seafood imports contribute $ 9 billion annually to the U.S. trade deficit , largest among all agricultural products . Fisheries scientists have repeatedly warned us that if we do not change our commercial fisheries practices , we will run out of the vast majority of the commercial species by the middle of this century . This must stop . Like any other animal or plant crop , fish and seafood must be produced through farming -- or aquaculture -- and the wild stocks should be protected so they can recover . As a society , we must accept that while it is nice to eat wild salmon , there is no wild Atlantic salmon out there ; we must get used to eating farmed fish . The aquaculture industry faces a huge challenge . It must grow fish in a way that is economically viable and environmentally responsible . And this is where genetic engineering enters the picture . Genetically engineered fish , like the AquAdvantage salmon , offer great benefits to fish farmers and should be available to the industry . If used carefully , genetic engineering can produce fish that reach the market much faster , as in the AquAdvantage salmon , and use less feed  and thus less fish meal  . As the science develops , it could generate fish that are resistant to disease  currently the aquaculture industry loses billions of dollars annually to disease in its fish population  and healthier for the consumer -- making beneficial omega-3 oils available in fish that do not normally contain them , for example . The public should not be scared by the term "  genetic engineering . " This powerful platform requires making only relatively minor and very targeted modifications to the animal genome , compared , for example , with selective breeding and domestication , where we manipulate many genes over generations without knowing exactly what is altered . We have all been eating selectively bred fish , chicken , beef and other animals for many years without thinking twice about it . The AquAdvantage Atlantic salmon has only one extra copy of a fish gene inserted into its genome . This one addition , while enhancing the hormones of the growth axis in fish , operates within the fish 's physiological range . And these are fish hormones that have no effect on the human consumer . The AquAdvantage salmon is no different from conventional farmed salmon in its composition and health benefits , and the Food and Drug Administration has concluded that it is safe for people to eat . The single most important caution I would offer is that we must ensure that these fish , as well as any other farmed but domesticated fish  non-genetically engineered  , can not escape from the farming systems to our seas or rivers . The AquAdvantage salmon must be fully contained , both biologically and physically . Indeed , AquAdvantage salmon are sterile fish , and therefore unable to reproduce even if they escape . These fish are intended to be farmed only in fully contained , land-based farming systems . Every new operation that would grow these fish for sale in the United States would be subject to FDA approval , according to the FDA . By using multiple and redundant mechanical means to prevent escape  such as screens and filters  , as well as reusing the culture water , the systems should be close to full containment , having minimal interactions with the environment . And the implementation of these new , land-based and fully contained marine aquaculture systems offers an opportunity for aquaculture to become more efficient and environmentally sustainable . However , before approving the genetically engineered fish for use in aquaculture , as a scientist , I would like to see the FDA and AquaBounty be less presumptive and more experimental about the potential environmental risk of AquAdvantage salmon . I want to see scientific data , proof beyond a shadow of a doubt , that if fish do escape from containment , they will not survive , will not breed and will be purged from the environment . Experiments to demonstrate this are all feasible , but will take a few more years to complete . And finally , consumers should absolutely be informed whether the salmon they are buying is genetically engineered or not . It is our responsibility to make sure the public is educated so the fear factor dissipates and the consumer can make rational decisions regarding genetically engineered salmon . Not labeling the fish will harm the industry altogether as people who do not want genetically engineered fish will avoid farmed salmon altogether . As a society that is in dire need of more plentiful and healthier food , we must accept the practices of modern agriculture in fish farming . We must trust the power and virtue of the advanced sciences and technology in providing new generations with high-quality food . We must stop depleting the wild stocks , reducing our biodiversity and harming the oceans around us . Sustainable aquaculture , based on responsible modern biology , including genetic engineering , will provide the world with the seafood that we need and help conserve our planet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yonathan Zohar .	Yonathan Zohar says people are eating more fish , so natural fish stocks are rapidly depleting He says we must accept that if we want to eat fish , we have to farm them like any other food Aquaculture industry 's challenge : to be safe , efficient ; also offers big promise , he says Zohar : GE salmon should be available , but labels , safeguards to prevent escape crucial
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Two Israeli television channels have dropped plans to air full-length versions of telephone interviews they conducted with the man who assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . Late Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin holds a press conference in 1994 . In the wake of a torrent of public criticism , Israeli broadcast channels 2 and 10 said they decided not to air the entire interviews each did this week with convicted killer Yigal Amir . Both channels teased the interviews in their news broadcasts Thursday evening in advance of the upcoming 13th anniversary of Rabin 's murder . In the excerpt aired Thursday by Channel 10 , Amir explained , in part , how the notion of killing Rabin came to him at a wedding he attended . Amir said Rabin was one of the guests at the wedding . "  He sat by the table with only a bodyguard next to him , " Amir said . "  If I were to shake his hand , I could have easily shot him . I was in eye contact with him ; I was inside with a gun right next to him . I saw that it was easy , and I said to myself that I will regret not having killed him in a couple of years . " Amir also claimed he was influenced by rightist Israeli politicians Ariel Sharon , Rafael Eitan , and Rehavam Ze'evi -- "  all those who understand the military ; who said that the agreement  the Oslo Accords  would bring catastrophe . You do not need a rabbi for this . " The Israeli Prisons Authority said it was unaware that Amir had done the interviews , which require prior departmental permission . As a result , Amir has been moved to a higher-security prison where his phone calls , family visits , and conjugal visits have been revoked , according to a Prisons Authority spokesman . On November 4 , 1995 , Amir shot Rabin as Rabin was leaving a rally in Tel Aviv in support of the Oslo Accords , which set out a plan for a permanent peace between Israel and the Palestinians .	The Israeli broadcasters say they decided not to air the entire interviews Both channels teased the interviews with Yigal Amir in their news broadcasts Amir : Notion of killing Rabin came to him at a wedding Amir also claimed he was influenced by rightist Israeli politicians
Greensboro , North Carolina  CNN  -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday , detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress , whose concealment during Edwards ' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal . They say the expenses ranged from luxury hotels to private jets to high-priced rental homes largely paid for by Fred Baron , a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was Edwards ' finance chairman . Prosecutors did not call to the stand Rielle Hunter , the North Carolina Democrat 's ex-mistress and the mother of his youngest child . Speechwriter : Edwards knew about affair cover-up They say Edwards used donor funds to hide Hunter and their daughter , Quinn , in an effort to keep his candidacy viable . Edwards broke federal law , they allege , by accepting about $ 725,000 from heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon for that purpose and more than $ 200,000 from Baron . Edwards ' defense team has argued that Andrew Young , a political aide , had largely used the money for his own personal gain , also paying for Hunter 's medical expenses during her pregnancy to hide the affair from Edwards ' wife . Donations for that purpose , the defense has argued , can not be considered in violation of campaign finance laws . Edwards faces six felony courts , including conspiracy and making false statements . Young admitted earlier during questioning that he used some donations for his own personal benefit -- particularly to fund construction of a home that included a pool and a theater . On Tuesday , an Edwards donor testified that he told the Barack Obama campaign to believe rumors of Edwards ' affair as early as June 2008 . Prosecution witness Tim Toben , a developer and green energy entrepreneur , said during cross-examination that during a dinner with Edwards , the candidate was optimistic about his chances of his being selected as Obama 's running mate . The message from Edwards was that if he were to be offered the position , he would take it , Toben testified . The witness said he found the idea "  astonishing , " given the then-rampant rumors of Edwards ' affair and child with Hunter . After the dinner , Toben testified , he called the North Carolina director of the Obama campaign , saying reports about Edwards ' affair were true and encouraged the campaign to vet the information thoroughly as it decided on its pick . If convicted , Edwards could face up to 30 years behind bars .	Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial They detailed hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by ex-mistress Edwards faces six felony courts , including conspiracy and making false statements
Washington  CNN  -- Do n't expect a chest bump on election night this year in Maine . Independent governor candidate Eliot Cutler denied a close relationship between himself and the Republican incumbent , Paul LePage , during their final debate Tuesday night . "  I would not suggest -- and I think he would agree , that we do n't have a bromance , " Cutler told CNN 's Dana Bash while distancing himself from the man he high-fived and hugged during their first debate earlier this month . "  Four years ago ... we ended up with Paul LePage as governor . We should n't make that mistake again . " LePage agreed there 's a lack of brotherly love between the two in a humorous moment during an hour-long debate , sponsored by WMTV , CNN , and WABI , along with Democratic candidate Rep. Mike Michaud . It 's a tight race between LePage and Michaud . Cutler -- who has n't registered above 20 percent in most recent polls -- has caused ire among Pine Tree state Democrats , who think he 's splitting the anti-LePage vote that would coalesce around Michaud in a two-person race , ensuring a Democratic victory . LePage , who does n't deny some benefits of the third party candidate , agrees Cutler is taking away from a major party candidate 's smooth victory -- his own . "  If it was Mike Michaud versus Paul LePage , the election 's over , " he said about his own head-to-head strength against the six-term congressman . The candidates sparred that way as well , with LePage and Michaud saving their harshest attacks for each other , letting Cutler attack on topics he wanted or stay out of the ones he did n't . While talking broadly about infrastructure , health care , and taxes , Michaud 's attacks over LePage 's attempts to cut some government programs prompted some of the unvarnished candor he 's earned a reputation for using when provoked . "  I 've listened to all this rhetoric for about several months now ; I 'm tired of it , " LePage said . "  This man does n't know what honesty is , and that 's all I can tell you . " Michaud showed some grit in his own rebut about LePage 's frankness . "  What the governor says is anything , whether it 's factual or not , " he said . Cutler struck right down the middle , ignoring the sparks and proposing to find a way to pay for Michaud 's proposals and avoid more of LePage 's cuts . Asked about the current Ebola outbreak in America , Michaud struck at the state 's preparedness , criticizing LePage for leaving two top infectious disease positions open at the Maine Center for Disease Control . "  The governor has failed us as far as keeping these positions vacant , " Michaud said . LePage did n't take the bait and quickly turned to the work he 's done since the crisis began to prepare the state and respond to two suspected cases that did not test positive . "  As your governor I 'm not going to be irresponsible and scare the Maine people , " he said . "  I am assured by the doctors , and by the professionals at the hospitals , that we are as prepared as we can be . " On this , Cutler agreed with Michaud that the positions needed to be filled but made a sharp turn to health care reform , spending very little time on the topic of Ebola . LePage also stood by his comments from the previous night 's debate about people making a wage of $ 100,000 not qualifying as wealthy . "  I do n't think it 's off-mark , I do n't think it 's wealthy , I really do n't , " LePage said . "  I defy anybody to tell me if you 're making make $ 100,000 and you 've got two kids going to college , and you want to give to try to give them a good start in life , that that 's a lot of money . " Michaud -- who prides himself as one who fights for the middle class -- pounced . "  The fact that the governor said last night that $ 100,000 is not a lot of money -- it IS a lot of money , " Michaud said . "  The governor does n't understand what hardworking men and women are going through here in the state of Maine . " Whoever wins will need appeal to Maine 's love of bipartisanship , which has given Independent Angus King to the governor 's mansion twice and a current senate seat in Washington . To do that though , perhaps a little more bromance is needed . CNN 's Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report	Independent Eliot Cutler has n't cracked 20 percent in recent polls for the governor 's race . Democrats say Cutler is siphoning off votes from Dem . candidate Rep. Mike Michaud . Cutler said there 's no ` bromance ' between him and Republican Gov. Paul LePage .
CNN  -- Denise Borino-Quinn , who played the wife of a mob boss in the award-winning HBO series "  The Sopranos , " has died of cancer at 46 . Borino-Quinn died Wednesday at Morristown  New Jersey  Memorial Hospital , according to Farmer Funeral Home . A funeral Mass was held Saturday . "  The Sopranos , " which ran from 1999 to 2007 , told the story of mobster Tony Soprano and a colorful cast of bumbling criminals . Borino-Quinn , who said in an interview that she got the part in a 2000 open casting call , played Ginny Sacramoni , married to Johnny Sacramoni . An HBO character bio described Ginny as "  Rubenesque . " According to IMDB.com , the internet movie database , Borino-Quinn was a legal secretary and part-time manicurist in Roseland , New Jersey , when she got "  The Sopranos " role . She was selected from 14,000 actresses . The actress married her late husband , Luke Quinn , in 2005 . She has two younger brothers , Vincent Borino and Chris Borino .	Denise Borino-Quinn played the wife of mob boss Johnny Sacramoni She got the part in an open casting call in 2000 The cause of death was cancer
CNN  -- A woman 's legs protrude over an empty bar . Manicured hands cling desperately to a ledge . Disheveled femmes fatales crawl across a flowerbed . The racetrack is transformed into an ominous retro time warp in these intriguing images from Canadian photographer Kourtney Roy . "  I would say that my work is sinister , but it 's also imbued with a dark humor , " said the 32-year-old , originally from "  the wilds of northern Ontario . " "  At the racetrack there is a certain energy in the air , it is very magical , even if there is a seedy and dark side to it as well . " Roy 's unnerving images could be scenes from a 1960s murder mystery , rather than a sports arena usually filled with stampeding horses and screaming punters . Just who is this glamorous young woman , pictured on an eerily empty race course ? In fact it is Roy herself , who donned thrift store costumes for the surreal photo shoot at stadiums across Paris . The cinematic series -- called "  Ils Pensent Déjà Que Je Suis Folle " or "  They Already Think I 'm Crazy " -- was named the winner of a competition exploring gambling , and exhibited at Le Bal photography center in the French capital . "  During the shoot , people saw what appeared to be a mad woman in a wig throwing her legs up in the air and generally enacting acrobatic poses for the camera , " she said . "  But I found that it added a certain ambiguity and uncanniness to the scene when I was partially hidden or when my face was unseen . It seems more ominous . " Romance of the racetrack Growing up in rural Canada , Roy discovered the joys of the racetrack later in life , describing being "  raised by a family of lumberjacks and spending my youth trapping and taming wolves . " "  There were no racetracks where I came from . We were too busy trying not to freeze to death . " Inspired by the writings of hard-living punter and poet Charles Bukowski , Roy later explored the grandstand with gusto . "  There is really nothing like spending an afternoon eating fries and drinking beer , while watching the most magnificent creatures in the world run past you at dazzling speeds , " said the photographer , who now lives in Paris . Artist impression She 's hardly the first artist drawing inspiration from the track . From Edgar Degat 's 19th century paintings depicting jockeys in luminous color , to Audrey Hepburn in the 1964 musical "  My Fair Lady " and recent HBO series "  Luck " starring Dustin Hoffman , what makes the racetrack such a ripe backdrop for artists ? "  It 's got that mystique of people knowing more than you do , " said Nick Attenborough of Great British Racing , a company which promotes British horseracing around the world . "  It 's a sport of intrigue . It 's one man betting his judgment against another . One horse trainer or one jockey trying to win against a load of other guys . " Spooky stadium ? And it 's a different intrigue altogether once the stadium is empty . "  I 've been to racecourses before which are quite empty and they 're sad places in comparison to the joy , pleasure , and buzz you get when there 's racing , " said Attenborough . "  It 's slightly spooky . And that 's what Roy 's photos have done . The woman leaning over the bar -- there 's no drinks , no decorations , and it looks soulless . "  And I dare say that 's true of any stadium -- they need people to help them reverberate . " It seems that even without horse racing , the track is still a scene of drama . Learn : Lords and My Fair Ladies swan about in style Inspire : The enduring allure of horses in art	Photographer transforms racetrack into eerie retro time warp Images win competition exploring gambling , exhibited in Paris Racetrack is ideal scene for drama , inspires artists for centuries Without horses and people , the track takes on an spooky quality
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's president on Tuesday appealed to Saudi Arabia 's king to grant clemency to a housemaid convicted of killing her employer 's baby . President Mahinda Rajapaksa sent the appeal to King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz , said Rajapaksa 's media unit . The move followed media reports that the Riyadh Supreme Court had endorsed the death sentence imposed on Rizana Nafeek for killing the 4-month-old boy in 2005 . She killed the child after she was asked to bottle-feed him , Saudi police said . Nafeek said the child died accidentally , choking on milk . A three-judge panel of the Dawadami High Court found Nafeek guilty , and the death sentence was imposed in June 2007 . About 1.5 million Sri Lankans work abroad -- nearly 400,000 of them in Saudi Arabia alone -- because of their limited earning potential at home . Nafeek was 17 when she started working in Saudi Arabia , and was accused of killing the baby two weeks into her job . She took the position to support her family after they were displaced by the 2004 tsunami in the Indian Ocean .	She killed the child after she was asked to bottle-feed him , Saudi police said The maid said the child died accidentally , choking on milk She took the job after the 2004 tsunami displaced her family About 1.5 million Sri Lankans work abroad
Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday coalition airstrikes have not flushed the terror group ISIS from Iraq , but they may have prevented the fall of Baghdad and Irbil to ISIS militants . "  What we 've done is we 've stopped the onslaught . That was what we were able to achieve with air power . They were moving towards Irbil . They were moving towards Baghdad . Baghdad could well have fallen . Irbil could have fallen , " Kerry said In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The United States and coalition members conducted a second day of airstrikes Tuesday night in Syria and Iraq since the expanded military campaign against the extreme terror group began . But it will take time for airstrikes to degrade ISIS , Kerry said , echoing previous comments by President Barack Obama . "  There 's a definitely a second day and there will be a third and more . This is going to go on , " he added . Kerry insisted , however , that airstrikes are n't designed to defeat ISIS by themselves . "  You and others should not be looking for some massive retreat in the next week or two , " he told Amanpour . More airstrikes against ISIS Comprehensive effort against ISIS The campaign will be lengthy , Kerry said , partly because the Iraqi military needs to be reconstituted , and because it will take time to arrange the kind of local support similar to the Sunni Awakening years ago . The secretary of state said the battle to stop ISIS is a multifaceted effort that includes foreign fighters , cutting off financing , and a major effort to "  reclaim Islam by Muslims . " ISIS is a threat to the people in the region , he said , but also to national sovereignty . Kerry and Obama are in New York for the annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly , where Obama will appeal to the global community to get behind the U.S.-led effort . "  I 'm absolutely convinced that the coalition is on board , " Kerry said , referring to five Arab nations that the United States considers partners in the military campaign . In a letter to the U.N. secretary-general , the United States defended its actions , invoking Article 51 of the U.N. Charter -- acting when a country is unwilling or unable to handle a threat itself . Does hurting ISIS help al-Assad ? "  The Syrian regime has shown that it can not and will not confront these safe havens effectively itself , " Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , wrote in a letter obtained by CNN . "  Accordingly , the United States has initiated necessary and proportionate military actions in Syria . " Share your view on the airstrikes Other targets The first wave of airstrikes mostly targeted the Khorasan Group , which Obama described as "  seasoned al Qaeda operatives in Syria . " Asked whether the leader of the Khorasan Group was killed in an airstrike , Kerry said he "  ca n't personally confirm that . " He did confirm , however , that "  there were active plots " against the United States , but he gave no details . Kerry also defended the fact that the Obama administration has not previously talked about the Khorasan Group at length , saying the administration "  did n't want them to know " that the United States was tracking them so closely . And the secretary of state softened previous declarations from the President that no U.S. troops would become engaged in a ground war , a statement that many in Congress and even some military advisers say is unrealistic . "  There 's lots of people on the ground already in different forms , " Kerry said , pointing to intelligence agents and U.S. aligned foreign fighters . What 's the difference between ISIS , al Nusra and Khorasan Group ?	Kerry : Airstrikes may have prevented fall of Baghdad Secretary of State John Kerry echoes the President , saying defeating ISIS will take time Kerry could not confirm that a leader in the Khorasan Group was killed Kerry and Obama are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly meeting
CNN  Chelsea relinquished sole leadership of the English Premier League after suffering a surprise 5-3 defeat at the hands of a Harry Kane inspired Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane Thursday . It was a result few had foreseen , particularly when Diego Costa put Jose Mourinho 's men ahead midway through the first half . But Kane , pushing for an England call up , leveled with an exquisite individual goal and Danny Rose put Spurs 2-1 ahead after he reacted quickly when Nacer Chadli 's shot hit the post and rebounded back into play . Kane was then fouled by Gary Cahill with Andros Townsend scoring from the penalty spot to give the home side a 3-1 lead at the break . It was 4-1 shortly into the second half when Kane 's neat footwork set him up for a fourth , but still the points were not sealed . A mistake by Federico Fazio allowed Eden Hazard to play a one-two with Cesc Fabregas to reduce the deficit to two goals . Tottenham nerves were finally eased when Kane played a neat pass to Chadli for the Belgian international to score the fifth only for John Terry to grab his third in four games for Chelsea to complete an eight-goal thriller . Earlier , Manchester City joined Chelsea on 46 points with the same goal difference after a headed goal from former Chelsea star Frank Lampard gave the reigning title holder a 3-2 win over Sunderland . Lampard , whose extended loan to City from New York City was confirmed on the eve of the match , grabbed a late winner after City had thrown away a two-goal lead at the Etihad . The 36-year-old former England midfielder connected with Gael Clichy 's cross to secure a vital three points with a seventh home league win of the season . City looked to be cruising to victory after a superb strike from Yaya Toure and a second from Stevan Jovetic . But Sunderland hit back with goals from former City players Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson , who scored from the spot . In the early kickoff on New Year 's Day , Manchester United was held to its second straight draw of the festive period in a 1-1 draw at Stoke . The home side went ahead after just two minutes through defender Ryan Shawcross but Radamel Falcao leveled for United in the 26th . United , held goalless at Tottenham last weekend , remain third in the standings and are unbeaten in 10 games , but manager Louis Van Gaal was unhappy with the display . "  We did n't deserve any more than a draw , " he moaned . "  They were closer to a winning goal than us . We should have played better today . " Struggling West Bromwich Albion has also confirmed the appointment of former Stoke and Crystal Palace boss Tony Pulis as its head coach . Pulis , widely praised for lifting Palace into mid-table last season before leaving before the start of this campaign , watched from the stand as his new team secured a fighting 1-1 draw at West Ham . Southampton kept up its challenge for a Champions League spot by inflicting a damaging 2-0 defeat on Arsenal to stay fourth . Two goalkeeping errors from Wojciech Szczesny allowed Sadio Mane and Dusan Tadic to score in either half for the Saints , who withstood late pressure from Arsenal to secure a vital three points . In the relegation battle , bottom side Leicester secured an unlikely point after hitting back from two down at Liverpool to grab a 2-2 draw , while Burnley hit back three times to level 3-3 at Newcastle . It denied Newcastle caretaker boss John Carver three points after taking over from Alan Pardew , who is set to link up with Crystal Palace and was at Villa Park to watch them battle to a goalless draw .	Tottenham beats Chelsea 5-3 at White Hart Lane Man City level at top after 3-2 victory over Sunderland with Frank Lampard scoring winner Man Utd held to 1-1 draw at Stoke in early kick off WBA confirms Tony Pulis as new head coach
CNN  -- Shirley Chisholm , elected in 1968 as the first black woman in the U.S. Congress , once said : "  I 've always met more discrimination being a woman than being black . " The U.S. Senate gained one more woman this election in New Hampshire Senator-elect Jeanne Shaheen . Slightly more than three years after Chisholm 's death , Barack Obama will be sworn in as president , a huge step forward for African-Americans . But for women , progress this election year was defined by "  creeping and leaping , " said CNN contributor Hilary Rosen , the Washington editor-at-large for Huffingtonpost.com . Rosen favored Hillary Clinton , but she and other influential women pundits and activists note that Clinton and Gov. Sarah Palin 's loss at the polls does not diminish the strides they made for their gender . "  Women are about 54 percent of the vote , " Rosen said . "  Do we have equal representation ? No . Are we closer to it ? Yes . " In the House , 10 new congresswomen will join the 64 incumbents who were re-elected , according to Rutgers University 's Center for American Women and Politics , bringing the number of women in the 435-seat body to a record 74 . The 100-member U.S. Senate gained one woman , Democrat Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , who became the 17th female senator . And several women could be appointed to prominent roles in Obama 's administration . Shaheen will be New Hampshire 's first female senator . She won in a bitter battle against Republican incumbent John E. Sununu , tying him to the unpopular President Bush . "  It was an extraordinarily hard year for Republicans , " said Leslie Sanchez , a CNN contributor , Republican strategist and former adviser to President Bush . "  You did n't have to go much further than relying on how unhappy people are with the administration . " North Carolina elected Beverly Perdue , who becomes the state 's first woman governor . Perdue is the first pro-choice female governor of a Southern state since the late Ann Richards of Texas , according to Emily 's List , which raised $ 43 million in 2007-2008 to help develop the candidacies of Democratic women . "  This is the state of Jesse Helms ! " said New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a Democrat , referring to one of the most polarizing figures in American political history . Helms opposed civil rights and a holiday honoring the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. "  It 's always a big deal when a woman is elected to high office , but this was a significant shift , " Maloney said . Perdue and North Carolina Democrat Kay Hagan , who beat Republican U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Dole , are strongly pro-Obama and pro-public education . North Carolina Association of Educators mobilized a massive get-out-the-vote campaign for them . Perdue was the subject of a GOP ad that pictured Obama with his arms around her as his former pastor Jeremiah Wright 's incendiary sermons play in the background . In the closing days of the campaign , Dole ran an ad that insinuated Hagan was "  godless . " "  Women generally do n't react favorably to campaign smears and mudslinging , " said Kim Gandy , the president of the National Organization for Women . "  We elected the women who talked about issues that we care about -- child care , minimum wage , health care , equal pay . " Both Hagan and Perdue were overwhelmingly favored by women voters , according to exit polls . Perdue headed up a commission that spent money from a settlement with tobacco companies on health care . In the days before the election , Lilly Ledbetter appeared at a Hagan event . A jury awarded Ledbetter $ 3 million in damages when it found that Goodyear had discriminated against her by giving her smaller raises than male managers . By a 5-4 vote , the Supreme Court threw out that award and said the complaint had been filed too late . Obama supported the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act ; McCain said it was n't necessary . Democrats passed it in the House but Republicans blocked it in the Senate . "  Lilly Ledbetter has come to symbolize so much to women , " NOW 's Gandy said . "  That issue alone will change votes . " Among the women expected to play a key role in the Obama administration is Karen Kornbluh , who served as a policy adviser and was the principal author of the Democrats ' party platform . Kornbluh used to direct The Work and Family Program at the New America Foundation , served in the Clinton administration and was an adviser to Sen. John Kerry on the Senate Commerce Committee . She 's well-known in D.C. for her essays "  The Mommy Tax " and "  The Joy of Flex , " which addressed the needs of the "  juggler family , " or the household where two parents are working and no one is at home full-time . She argues for federal support for child care and after-school care , and control over flex-time for employees whose long hours usually come at the expense , emotionally and financially , of their families . "  In Washington , she is really considered Obama 's brain on so many policies , " said Steven Clemons , director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation and writer of the Washington Note blog . Read exclusive interview with Kornbluh "  Her ideas are fresh and applicable to real life , real Americans . " Clemons said . "  She 's been quoted all over Washington from Joseph Lieberman to John Edwards since the -LSB- presidential -RSB- race in ' 04 . " Also , Susan Rice is believed to be under consideration for national security adviser . She is Obama 's chief foreign policy adviser , a former assistant secretary of state for African Affairs and protégé of former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Valerie Jarrett has also been mentioned for White House postings and as a possible appointee to fill the Senate seat that Obama will vacate . She is the Obamas ' closest friend and has served as a political adviser . "  The consultants will drag you through the mud so Obama was brilliant in putting Valerie in that role , " Sanchez said . "  Her counsel was very grounding for him and she protected him as a candidate . "	Women 's progress in this election "  creeping and leaping , " analyst says 74 women will be in 435-member House ; 17 female senators out of 100 "  Do we have equal representation ? No . Are we closer to it ? Yes . " Obama may appoint women ; Hillary Clinton , Sarah Palin made strides
CNN  Nico Rosberg took out the 2015 Mercedes on faster soft tires for the first time Friday and the result looks ominous for the team 's rivals ahead of the new season . Last year 's champion constructor had been content to allow world champion Lewis Hamilton and Rosberg rack up the laps on medium compound tires but in the afternoon session at the Circuit de Catalunya , the German star was given his head . He lapped in one minute 22.792 seconds , a full 0.7 seconds quicker than the next best of Felipe Massa in the Williams . It was also over a second better than his nearest rival on the day , Massa 's teammate Valtteri Bottas of Finland . With the opening grand prix of the season in just over a fortnight in Australia , Mercedes has laid down the groundwork to repeat its 2014 triumphs where it won 16 of the 19 races . Not least because it has run for over 1,000 laps in the three pre-season tests at Jerez and Barcelona , which end Sunday . Red Bull -- with Daniel Ricciardo scoring three impressive wins -- was its closest rival but the Australian 's best time set Thursday on soft tires was one minute 24.574 , considerably off the Mercedes pace . Vettel boost Ferrari , with Sebastian Vettel new to its ranks , has showed signs of improvement and the four-time world champion got a best of the day 143 laps under his belt . There was better news as well for the CNN-sponsored McLaren-Honda team which suffered a further setback when two-time world champion Fernando Alonso was hospitalized after a crash Sunday at the same circuit . The Spaniard left hospital Wednesday and has posted a YouTube message saying he was "  completely fine " and would be taking his place on the grid for the season-opener in Melbourne . In his absence , teammate Jenson Button has been playing desperate catch up with their rivals on the grid . The 2009 world champion totaled 101 laps in the MP4-30 , which has been plagued with teething problems , but the session ended on a low note when it stopped on the track to cause a red flag . Force India also finally unveiled its VJM08 car for the new campaign and Nico Hulkenberg managed 76 laps . Marussia to return ? In other F1 news , Manor Marussia has been included on the official entry list for the new season . Financially-troubled Marussia came out of administration this month after failing to take part in the final three races of last season when its cash ran out . It was also still reeling from the horrific crash of its star driver Jules Bianchi at the Japanese Grand Prix . England 's Will Stevens has been confirmed as its first driver and is set to take his place on the grid at Albert Park on March 15 . Stevens raced in last season 's final race in Abu Dhabi for Caterham , another struggling team , which has been scrapped from the 2015 list after failing to find new funding .	Nico Rosberg sets fastest time in F1 testing near Barcelona Mercedes driver laps Circuit de Catalunya in one minute 22.792 seconds Over 0.7 seconds quicker than the next best by Felipe Massa in Williams Manor Marussia set to return to grid in 2015
CNN  -- Croatia sent out a message of intent to the other Euro 2008 finalists as they stunned highly-fancied Germany 2-1 in Klagenfurt to secure a place in the quarterfinals . Ivicia Olic celebrates Croatia 's second goal in their superb 2-1 victory over Germany . Darijo Srna and Ivica Olic struck the goals as Croatia , who had only ever beaten Germany once before , produced arguably the first major upset of the tournament . Lukas Podolski pulled a goal back late on for Germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail-biting finale , but there was to be no way back for Joachim Loew 's team , who finished with 10 men following the 90th-minute dismissal of substitute Bastian Schweinsteiger . Both sides came into the game having won their opening matches , although Germany had looked far more impressive in seeing off Poland than Croatia had in defeating Austria . However , it was Slaven Bilic 's side who turned on the style at the Worthersee Stadion as they took control of Group B with two wins out of two . A frantic start to the match promised much but for all their huffing and puffing , neither side were able to create anything resembling a chance in the opening 20 minutes as defences held firm . The ball did find its way into the back of the net in the 22nd minute when Germany striker Mario Gomez slotted home past Stipe Pletikosa but the offside flag had already gone up against the Stuttgart man . The deadlock was broken for real just two minutes after that incident though , when Croatia went ahead through Srna . Danijel Pranjic sent over a superb cross from the left and Srna nipped in front of marker Marcell Jansen to slide the ball in at the far post , giving veteran Germany goalkeeper Jens Lehmann no chance . Croatia had a gilt-edged chance to make it 2-0 in the 30th minute , but Niko Kranjcar wasted it . Ivan Rakitic chipped a pass into the area which was flicked back towards the penalty spot by Olic , but the in-rushing Kranjcar was unable to cap a well-worked move as he blazed over . Germany knew they needed to step up through the gears and they finally made Pletikosa earn his keep with two efforts in rapid succession . The first saw Pletikosa push away a thunderous Michael Ballack free-kick , before the Spartak Moscow custodian awkwardly deflected away a Christoph Metzelder effort with his knee . Metzelder then headed a Torsten Frings corner just over from close range as the Germans stepped up their efforts for an equalizer before the break . However , Loew 's side very nearly found themselves two goals behind in the 43rd minute , and they needed a fine reaction stop from Lehmann to deny Kranjcar , who chested down Olic 's pass and smashed in a first-time volley . Having seen his side let off the hook , Loew opted for a more adventurous approach in the second half as he sacrificed full-back Jansen for jet-heeled winger David Odonkor during the interval . Aside from a Ballack shot over the crossbar though , Croatia looked fairly comfortable at the start of the period and also had a decent effort of their own with Luka Modric firing in a shot that Lehmann gathered , although not before seeing it squirm through his hands first . However , Lehmann 's next task was to pick the ball out of the back of his net as Croatia stunned the Germans with a second goal in the 62nd minute . A Rakitic cross from the right took a deflection off Podolski before arrowing goalwards and although Lehmann , who had begun to come out for the initial cross , managed to dive backwards and get a hand on it , the ball struck his near post before rebounding back out to Olic , who had the easy task of slotting home . Germany looked for an immediate response but aside from a Schweinsteiger shot that fizzed across the face of goal , they were still finding it difficult to create chances against a well-organised Croatia backline . Loew 's side earned themselves a lifeline with 12 minutes to go though when Podolski lashed home a shot on the half-volley after the ball had fallen kindly to him in the box . Germany could not build on that goal , though , and their final hopes of getting anything out of the match all but disappeared when Schweinsteiger was given a straight red card for shoving Jerko Leko in the final minute of an absorbing encounter . "  I want to especially congratulate my players , not only for the fight they showed but for playing an excellent match , " said a delighted Bilic . "  There is no other way to beat the Germans than to play well . They 're still a great team , though , and still one of the favorites for the title . " Ballack said the Germans had to recognize they must improve . "  Our movement was not fluid enough throughout the match and as a consequence we eked out few chances . "  We played below our level in all departments . Now we absolutely have to win our last match against Austria , " said the Chelsea midfielder .	Croatia stun favorites Germany 2-1 in their Group B encounter in Klagenfurt Darijo Srna and Ivica Olic both on target as Croatia make it two wins from two Lukas Podolski pulls goal back for Germany with his third strike in two games
CNN  -- The Sri Lankan government said Thursday it has made more inroads into the remaining territory held by ethnic Tamil Tiger rebels after troops seized their command center in the north of the country . Sri Lankan workers bury the bodies of some 38 suspected Tamil Tiger rebels killed in recent fighting . The defense ministry 's announcement , also reported by the country 's Lankapuvath national news agency , could not be independently verified . Military jets pounded the rebel 's "  transit camp " in the district of Mullaittivu Wednesday evening , the agency said . The defense ministry said rebels were firing at and killing civilians who were trying to flee the fighting . "  In the face of humiliating defeat , LTTE terrorists are tailoring a civilian tragedy , " it said on its Web site . The LTTE , or the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , are commonly known as the Tamil Tigers . They have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's Tamil minority since 1983 in a civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The re-capture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea .	Sri Lanka news agency says government jets bombarded rebel transit camp Defense ministry says rebels killing civilians Reported capture is latest in a series of claimed government successes
Two teenage boys are being hailed as heroes after they chased a car carrying a kidnapped girl -- on their bicycles . Five-year-old Jocelyn Rojas was playing in her front yard in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , when she vanished Thursday afternoon . Authorities believe she was abducted by a man who lured her by offering ice cream . For two hours , neighbors and police scoured the area and asked if anyone had seen her . Temar Boggs , 15 , and his friend took off on their bicycles to search . About a half-mile away , they spotted Jocelyn in a sedan . But the driver was elusive . "  Every time we 'd go down the street , he 'd turn back around , and then ... we 'll follow him , " Temar told CNN affiliate WGAL . The two teens chased the alleged kidnapper on their bikes for 15 heart-pounding minutes . The driver apparently knew he was being followed and gave up . "  He stopped at the end of the hill and let her out , and she ran to me and said that she needed her mom , " Temar said . Jocelyn 's relatives and neighbors took turns hugging Temar . "  He 's our hero . There is just no words to say , " Jocelyn 's grandmother Tracey Clay said . Police are looking for the suspect , described as a white male between 50 and 70 years old . He was driving a reddish-purple or maroon car with round taillights , WGAL reported . The man was wearing green shoes , green pants and a red-and-white striped shirt . He walked with a limp . Although the suspect remains at large , Temar feels good about finding Jocelyn . "  I just feel like I did something very accomplishing today , " the teen said . The girl 's family could n't agree more . In September : Two kids rescued from abduction	5-year-old Jocelyn Rojas disappeared from her front yard in Pennsylvania Authorities scoured the neighborhood , asking if anyone had seen her 15-year-old Temar Boggs and his friend took off on their bikes to search After following the suspect 's car for 15 minutes , the driver stopped and let the girl out
CNN  An American citizen was wounded by gunfire Thursday as she drove from the medical school in Karachi , Pakistan , where she works , police said . Debra Lobo , a 55-year-old California native , was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive , according to Mohamad Shah , a Karachi police spokesman . Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo 's car , written in Urdu , saying "  America should be burnt , " Shah said . Lobo had left the Jinnah Medical and Dental College , where she works as vice principal , to pick up her two daughters from school . Two assailants on a passing motorcycle shot her while she was driving , Shah said . "  Our U.S. Consulate General in Karachi is in close contact with Pakistani authorities and is working to obtain more information , " said a U.S. Embassy spokesperson . Lobo is being treated at the Karachi 's Aga Khan Hospital , said Shah . She has lived in Pakistan since 1996 and is married to a Christian Pakistani who is a librarian at the American School in Karachi . Karachi police are investigating , Shah said .	Debra Lobo , 55 , is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot Thursday , police say She is vice principal of the Jinnah Medical and Dental College in Karachi Police : She was on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was shot
CNN  -- Robin Thicke , Pharrell Williams and T.I. have lost the first round of their legal fight over "  Blurred Lines , " their monster 2013 hit . The three artists have been in a lengthy standoff with the family of soul legend Marvin Gaye , which has alleged that "  Blurred Lines " illegally copies Gaye 's 1977 hit "  Got To Give It Up , " among other complaints . Thicke , Williams and T.I. -- whose given name is Clifford Harris Jr. -- filed a pre-emptive lawsuit in August 2013 asking a federal judge in California to declare that "  Blurred Lines " does n't infringe on the copyright of "  Got to Give It Up . " The Gaye estate followed with a countersuit that accused Thicke of not only ripping off "  Got to Give It Up " but infringing on the copyright of Gaye 's "  After the Dance " and having a "  Marvin Gaye fixation . " Marvin Gaye heirs sue ` Blurred Lines ' artists This tension came to a head on Thursday as U.S. District Court Judge John A. Kronstadt denied Thicke and Williams ' request and ruled that the dispute should be aired out at trial . Though Thicke , Williams and T.I. contended in their suit that "  being reminiscent of a ` sound ' is not copyright infringement , " Thursday 's ruling indicates the court believes that 's a question for a jury to mull over . Both sides relied on the examination of musicologists to help make their arguments , but Thursday 's ruling noted that the Gaye family has made "  a sufficient showing that elements of ` Blurred Lines ' may be substantially similar to protected , original elements of ` Got to Give It Up . ' " According to The Hollywood Reporter , a trial is set for February 10 . In a statement , the lawyer for Thicke and Williams said that Thursday 's ruling is n't a surprise thanks to the "  extraordinary difficulty " of trying to land a win at this stage of the process , "  especially where each side offers conflicting opinions from multiple musicologists . " That said , the stars ' attorney added he and his clients are "  gratified " that , per Thursday 's ruling , "  the jury will need to decide this case ... limited to what is in the written composition , without being influenced by the sound recordings . " "  Blurred Lines " stayed at the top of Billboard 's pop chart for a record 16 weeks last year and sold more than 6 million copies , according to court documents . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	The dispute over Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines " is heading to trial A judge ruled that there 's enough evidence for it to be presented to a jury But jury will have to focus on sheet composition of the songs versus the recordings
CNN  -- Copenhagen Zoo , which gained notoriety last month for killing a young giraffe named Marius and feeding his corpse to the lions , has hit the headlines again , as a healthy family of lions has now joined its growing death tally . Two adult lions and two cubs have been killed so that a new male can be introduced into the captive group to "  make room for a new generation . " In remarks reminiscent of those made to justify the death of Marius , the zoo 's director Steffen StrÃ ¦ de claimed the lions had to be put down "  partly to avoid inbreeding between the two young lions and their father . " In any case , it was stated , the young cubs would likely have been killed by the new male . Unsurprisingly , the response to the newest development has been one of incredulity , with members of the public calling for a boycott and the sacking of those staff responsible . But this is not the answer . There is no quick fix which will see an end to the killing of healthy animals by the zoo industry . Zoos manage animals in confined spaces . Animals will breed and produce offspring . With the exception of those used in aquariums , few animals are now taken from their natural habitat to populate zoos and so the genetic diversity of the captive population is finite , as is the space available to house them . Individuals can be moved from one zoo or another on a case-by-case basis , but this will not make the problem go away . It is clear that while there are zoos , the killing will continue . There may be no quick fix , but there is a solution , and that is to withdraw support for the zoo industry and accept that the exhibition of animals as entertainment is no longer acceptable . This view may be seen by some as radical but we really have very little to lose by ridding ourselves of our affection for zoos . The animals , on the other hand , have so much to gain . Many people now believe that holding animals captive is distasteful and the zoo industry has sought to reinvent itself in recent years to suggest that its work is founded in conservation and education , but animals born in zoos are rarely released to the wild and the vast majority will spend their entire lives in captivity . Conservation efforts are most effective when carried out in situ , as it is only in the animals ' natural habitat that the complexities of habitat destruction or poaching , for example , can be addressed in any meaningful way . A report commissioned and published by the zoo industry in 2011 demonstrated that it lags behind charitable organizations The Nature Conservancy and the WWF Global Network in its financial support for conservation efforts . Indeed , the report demonstrated that the financial contribution of the "  global zoo community " collectively is less than the contribution made by two individual not-for-profit organisations independently of one another . The traditional argument put forward by zoos that people need to see animals in order to support conservation is , therefore , not borne out by the evidence . Education may be a laudable aim for zoos to pursue , but the suggestion that animals should be incarcerated for their entire lives in order that we fulfil our desire to learn about them is morally questionable , at best . This is particularly true when we consider that there are so many other sources we can use to teach ourselves about animals and conservation . Indeed , a study commissioned by the UK government , published in 2010 , made clear that , while zoo education programmes exist , their efficacy has never been proved . It may seem difficult to imagine a world without zoos , but it is not such an extreme concept . If we are serious about conservation , our efforts should be focused on natural habitats . If we care about animals , we should not support an industry which treats them with such callous disregard . If we want the killing to stop , we must stop going to the zoo . READ MORE : Tough decisions in nature conservation READ MORE : Copenhagen Zoo kills 4 lions The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Liz Tyson .	Copenhagen Zoo under fire for culling healthy family of lions to make way for new animal Danish zoo was criticized last month for killing a young giraffe Many people now believe that holding animals captive is distasteful , says Liz Tyson Tyson : If we want the killing to stop , people must stop going to the zoo
Just this summer , the British government was directly targeting illegal immigrants with a campaign that turned heads , and , in many cases , turned stomachs . In an initiative designed to persuade illegal immigrants to pack up and voluntarily return to their home countries , officials deployed two trucks to drive around London for a week . Each vehicle carried a large billboard with the message : "  In the UK illegally ? Go home or face arrest . " Then it offered instructions to text the word "  home " to a government-run number for "  free advice and help with travel documents . " What was the free advice ? Sounded like "  Get the hell out ! " Not exactly the Welcome Wagon , was it ? The campaign stirred up so much public outcry that the government backtracked and decided to keep the trucks in the garage . But there 's more , and it 's still happening . According to a recent article in The Wall Street Journal , the Conservative Party of Prime Minister David Cameron has pledged to reduce annual net migration to the United Kingdom . For the British , the problem is Eastern Europeans . The annual figure of newcomers is about 200,000 . The conservatives want to bring it down to the tens of thousands . This is just plain foolish . Just who does the British government think is going to swoop in and take over the jobs that are left behind if immigrants are run off ? British citizens ? Not blooming likely . By now , several generations of British citizens have grown up thinking of these kinds of jobs as beneath them and themselves as entitled to better . They 're not going to miraculously change their way of thinking and find their way back to this kind of work just because the immigrants are gone . European countries -- Great Britain , France , Germany , etc. -- do n't have the best track record of dealing with racial and ethnic differences . Besides , it 's not every day that a country puts up a "  no vacancy " sign to keep out even those immigrants who come legally . Most countries like to at least maintain the pretense that they only have a problem with illegal entrants . If nothing else , this approach is refreshingly honest . It seems that Americans have n't exactly cornered the market on bigotry and xenophobia . Sure , we have our own peculiar issues with the foreign-born . It 's not easy being a nation of immigrants that has , in reality , always despised immigrants . It 's tough being a country that boasts about its diversity , and then does everything it can to boil it away in the fabled melting pot . But we Americans are not alone in our narrow-mindedness . Just about every industrialized country on the globe vacillates between needing immigrants to do jobs that natives wo n't do and resenting the changes that immigrants bring with them . Parts of the immigration debate playing out on the national and international stage are complicated . And yet this part is simple : Countries that encourage legal immigration , and make the process easier , will thrive . Those that pull up the drawbridge and put up barriers to keep out even immigrants who try to enter legally will founder . Who says ? Economists say so . Life experience says so . U.S. history says so . World history says so . This is true of legal immigrants whether they come from China , Vietnam , India , Brazil or any other country . Yet it is also the case with illegal immigrants , as former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan made clear in April 2009 when he testified before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration , Refugees and Border Security . Greenspan said illegal immigration make a "  significant " contribution to U.S. economic growth by providing a flexible workforce and that illegal immigrants act as a "  safety valve " for the economy since demand for workers goes up and down . "  There is little doubt that unauthorized , that is , illegal , immigration has made a significant contribution to the growth of our economy , " Greenspan said in calling for an overhaul of U.S. immigration laws . We can assume Cameron 's government did n't get the news . After those trucks drove around six areas of London , humanitarian organizations , opposition parties and labor groups in the United Kingdom complained that the tactics were offensive and heavy-handed . They said they harked back to an ugly time in British history when nativist groups had much greater sway in the halls of government . What a shame that this is what has become of a once-great nation and one of the world 's great superpowers . Now the United Kingdom is in a defensive stance , trying to ward off invaders and hold on to what it has . Contrast all this with what is happening in Israel . Consider the diversity of the tech corridor in Tel Aviv , where some of Silicon Valley 's most successful companies come to poach workers and invest venture capital . Everywhere you go , you 're reminded that Israel is one of the most diverse nations in the world and one with a proud immigrant tradition . Israeli officials will tell you , without hesitation , that much of what has been accomplished in the country 's lifespan of only 65 years can be attributed to the fact that this tiny country benefits from immigrants and draws the best and brightest from around the world . Of course , no nation is perfect . The Israelis have their own problems with immigration . They struggle with the challenge of assimilation of refugees from Sudan and Ethiopia . But still , they understand the restorative power of immigration . Meanwhile , at least the United Kingdom 's government realized the error of its ways when it shelved the billboards . Government officials acknowledged that the message was too blunt and the results unconvincing . Score one for decency and common sense . Do n't you just love it when old Europe learns a new way of thinking ? Join Us at Facebook/CNNOpinion .	British government had trucks carrying billboards exhorting illegal immigrants to go home Ruben Navarrette : Public outcry led the government to stop the offensive campaign But it still wants to drastically reduce the numbers of immigrants allowed in , he says Navarrette : Nations that embrace immigration thrive ; those that do n't founder
CNN  -- A Dutch-operated container ship outran pirates off the coast of Tanzania this weekend , an official with the International Maritime Bureau said Sunday . French soldiers , who have joined British , Indian , Russian and American patrols off Somalia , during an exercise . The incident took place "  very far out to sea , " showing that Somali-based pirates are extending their reach further and further , Noel Choong of the IMB 's Piracy Reporting Center told CNN . "  Earlier attacks were on ships off the coast of Somalia , then off the coast of Kenya , and now this was 450 nautical miles off Dar es Salaam , " he said , tracing the southward expansion of the pirates ' area of operations . The ship , which Choong declined to name , came under attack from rocket-propelled grenades , starting a fire on board , he said . The crew was able to put out the fire and escape by increasing speed . The ship and crew are now out of danger , he said , following the incident at 11:42 GMT Saturday . Piracy has become increasingly common in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean this year . So far , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the center . Watch how NATO is combating piracy " Those hijacked vessels include an enormous oil tanker , a chemical tanker , and a ship laden with Soviet-era arms including tanks . The pirates normally hold the ships for ransom . A luxury cruise ship carrying more than 1,000 passengers and crew successfully outran pirates off the coast of Yemen last weekend . The IMB has tracked at least 11 incidents of actual or attempted piracy near the Tanzanian coast this year . A multinational fleet , including vessels from the U.S. , NATO member states , Russia and India , has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . Watch anti-piracy vessels patrol the region . " In a recent interview provided to CNN , a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue as long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . "	Piracy has become increasingly common in the Gulf of Aden , Indian Ocean Experts have tracked 11-plus incidents of actual or attempted piracy near Tanzania Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels use the route annually A multinational fleet has been patrolling the Indian Ocean and nearby waters
CNN  -- I was walking to my study on the campus recently when I came across the annual ritual : Rows of cars were being unloaded by parents bringing their kids to college . There was a whole beehive of young people , with special T-shirts marked "  staff , " who helped the parents carry the computers , boxes , and other gear . A generation ago , I had to schlep that stuff myself  with the assistance of my bewildered freshman son  . By the time I walked back home in the late afternoon , about half a dozen parents were lingering , chatting with each other , obviously reluctant to leave . They must have skipped the "  letting go " event that my university , like many colleges , organizes to make the parting easier -- as one college dean put it , "  to take the gas out of the helicopters . " A couple asked me if I was a college professor . They wanted to know if my colleagues and I would notify them if their kid were to get into trouble . They assured me that they had no special concerns about their daughter . However , she had just turned 18 , she had never been away from home for any long period of time , and she sometimes can be swept away by peer pressure , they allowed . The father also wondered whether the parents of other students would be notified if their children showed signs of mental distress , referring to this summer 's shooting by a student at a theater in Aurora , Colorado , and to the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007 . I reassured the couple that if I saw a student in trouble I would help , but explained that notifying parents is a surprisingly complicated matter . Help on the campus is readily available . My university , like most others , has elaborate psychological counseling services , medical clinics , and , of course , a police department . Beyond that , it has a "  care network , " whose staff members "  connect the dots " of information about students from a variety of sources -- including concerned fellow students , staff , and faculty -- and when need be , reach out to troubled students . But calling the parents of a student -- like so much in our lives -- runs into laws , regulations , and , yes , lawsuits . In 1974 , Congress passed the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act . It was enacted to protect students ' records by requiring colleges to get written permission from students to share information about them with others , parents included . Most colleges understood the law as posing a blanket ban on notifying parents , although lawyers found some loopholes ; they argued that maybe a professor could share "  personal observations . " The Higher Education Amendment , passed by Congress in 1998 , allowed colleges to share information about students under the age of 21 with their parents in certain cases , including the violation of policies regarding drugs and alcohol . Following this amendment , many colleges started to notify parents , a change in policy that according to some research had beneficial effects . For instance , one study found that more than half  52 %  of the colleges that increased parental notification saw a decrease in alcohol violations .  Critics argue that the main effect of such changes was to make the students more discreet when they abused alcohol . The law  by some interpretations at least  limits the disclosure of information to parents who pay the bill for college . My university , for instance , will provide some information to a parent who submits a tax return in which they list the student as a dependent , a return that has to be resubmitted each year . The sociologist in me holds that family bonds do not suddenly end when a youngster goes to college , that the transition from being a kid at home to an adult on one 's own should be a gradual one , and that students need their families ' support . Colleges should nurture these bonds -- and benefit from them in promoting good conduct -- whether or not Mom and Pop pay . As one student told me : "  The legal firewall between universities and parents is unnecessarily strict . College life is a period of growth , and the university system does not always provide adequate guidance toward that end . Parents conintue to play a major role and should be encouraged , not dissuaded from doing so . Those students hoping to keep their affairs secret will just have to learn better discretion , which is in itself an important life skill for those hoping to hold on to their privacy in the modern world . " At the same time , I realize that some families are dysfunctional , and some students may have reasons to fear that the parents will yank them out of school  or at least stop paying  if they get less than an A average . Others may load students with so much guilt , or such heavy demands to respect the family legacy , that a student may yield to family pressures and major in law instead of , say , in music . Hence , it seems that a good way to sustain family bonds while protecting students from undue pressure is to allow the students , as my university does , to indicate from Day One which family members should be contacted . These may be grandparents , older siblings , or a stepmother or father . Families may have to hover less , but that does n't mean students ought to be out of sight . The family 's continued involvement is a major resource in helping students mature , even if they are no longer minors , as long as colleges also provide ways of protecting students from excessively intrusive parents . This is why the form that allows students to change their designated family contact is so useful . An assistant dean who is called in the middle of the night because a parent is concerned about Junior 's grades , or a parent who loads a student 's e-mail with endless suggestions , should be free to work out with the student a change in the approved family contact form . Colleges need to nurture family bonds but cut the hovering . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Federal laws limit colleges ' ability to inform parents how their children are doing Amitai Etzioni : Parents wonder about grades , how they 'll know if a student gets in trouble Etzioni says policies vary , but it makes sense to keep parents informed about their kids He says colleges should also be wary of parents who hover too much
San Francisco  CNN  -- Much has changed in technology over the past 14 years , including Michael Dell 's forecast for the industry 's biggest player , Apple . The history of Apple has been a hot topic in the two weeks since the death of its co-founder Steve Jobs . One of the most repeated quotes came from the founder of Dell , a longtime Apple competitor in personal computers . At a tech conference in October 1997 , Dell was asked what he would do with Apple if he were in charge of the beleaguered company . "  What would I do ? I 'd shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders , " Dell replied after some prodding . By that time , in the late 1990s , Apple was on its fourth CEO in just a few years , and Jobs had recently returned as interim CEO when the company acquired his failed education-equipment vendor called NeXT . Apple 's troubles were well known within the industry , so Dell 's comment , while brusque , was n't out of line with other pundits ' . "  It was on the rocks , " Jobs said of Apple upon his return in 1997 , speaking at a conference last year . "  Apple was about 90 days from going bankrupt back then in the early days , and it was much worse than I thought when I went back initially . " But as we know now , Jobs orchestrated a miraculous turnaround , taking Apple from near-bankruptcy to most valuable company by market capitalization . When asked about his famous statement on Tuesday at a conference in San Francisco , Dell paused to ponder the question as the audience laughed loudly . "  It 's a great question and a great opportunity to clarify what I said , " Dell said . "  The meaning of my answer was that I am the CEO of Dell . I do n't think of being a CEO of any other company . " Dell explained that he answered the question reluctantly and that he had not thought deeply about how to turn Apple around because he would never want to run another company . "  I am not a CEO for hire , " the Dell chief said . He then went on to shower praises on the late computer pioneer and recalled when a 16-year-old Dell first met Jobs in Texas . "  Steve will be missed and was a friend , " he said . In January 2006 , Jobs sent a companywide memo that read : "  Team , it turned out that Michael Dell was n't perfect at predicting the future . Based on today 's stock market close , Apple is worth more than Dell . Stocks go up and down , and things may be different tomorrow , but I thought it was worth a moment of reflection today . " We 'll never know how Jobs would have responded to Dell 's about-face . But when an Apple employee asked the newly installed interim CEO in 1997 about Dell 's original statement , according to venture capitalist and former Apple employee John Lilly , Jobs said , "  F *** Michael Dell . "	Michael Dell seems to regret a statement he made about Apple in 1997 Dell had once said that Apple should shut itself down Now , Dell praises Steve Jobs and calls him a friend
CNN  -- As we learned in past battles with polio and AIDS , the key to solving a massive health crisis is to move public sentiment away from fear and stigmatization toward action and acceptance . That is why a recent ad campaign about Ebola from Medicins Du Monde -- MDM or Doctors of the World -- is so encouraging An international humanitarian and medical organization with a long history of advocating for vulnerable populations , MDM joined in the United States with ad agency Publicis Kaplan Thaler to turn public fear of Ebola on its head by asking people to donate a hazmat suit to workers in Africa . The symbol of the fearful hazmat suit is reintroduced as a crucial piece of the solution : "  Here it 's a costume . There it saves lives . " With a message of hope that asks us to get beyond our irrational fears of exposure to Ebola here in the United States , MDM focuses on our enormous power as individuals to participate in solving the global crisis that is unfolding . Perhaps more important is this suggestion in the ad from MDM : Medical workers are also at risk of becoming vulnerable , to stigmatization and marginalization , as a result of their direct contact with Ebola at its source . This threat to their status comes at a time when we most urgently need doctors and caretakers on the ground in Africa . Miranda Sissons , executive director of Doctors of the World USA , told me , "  Ebola may be the largest humanitarian crisis of the century , " adding that the current challenge "  is driving the system beyond its capability . " History shows us that the world 's response at the moment when effectiveness could be at its highest can in fact be slowed if public perceptions and government actions penalize or stigmatize doctors , health workers and caretakers working on the front line of a crisis . AIDS , for example , still stands as one of the most politicized , feared and controversial diseases in modern history and its spread in the early 1980s is partially attributed to the marginalization of its victims and caretakers by the press , government and traditional health care institutions . The media defined AIDS originally , as a "  gay man 's " illness , and then a disease of "  The Four H Club " : homosexuals , heroin addicts , hemophiliacs and Haitians . Each group was , for different reasons , already on the outside of mainstream U.S. social norms -- feared and often ignored by many Americans -- and AIDS pushed them further outside the circle of public empathy and institutional help . Early attempts by advocacy groups to turn around negative public perception failed because there was little objective information about what caused the disease , and so fear and ignorance prevailed in the public consciousness . Health care workers stayed away from treating AIDS patients , leaving communities on their own to deal with the growing crisis . Local groups , like New York City 's Gay Men 's Health Crisis , were virtually the only place for dying victims to turn to for help in the early 1980s . To make matters worse , the U.S. government did not jump in to guide the public narrative on AIDS , and the vacuum was filled with inaction , for the most part , on treatment and cures . It was clear by the end of 1981 that AIDS was a national threat , but President Reagan did n't publicly mention the disease until late 1985 , by which time acknowledging the epidemic was unavoidable : AIDS had become the leading cause of death among all Americans age 25 to 44 . In the era of polio , starting in the United States in the early 20th century through the 1950s , a similar pattern of stigmatization and lack of leadership emerged . The healthy pushed away the diseased in fear , locking away the afflicted in attics , hiding them in institutions and exiling them to the sidelines of life , long after they had passed the contagious stage . Forty years passed with no overarching government strategy to find a cure or ensure victims ' basic rights , until Jonas Salk accidentally discovered the polio vaccine and victims ' advocacy groups took up the charge by starting the disability rights movement . Franklin D. Roosevelt , who contracted polio in 1921 at age 39 , was paralyzed from the waist down and used a wheelchair . FDR understood the power of the public 's fear of polio to stigmatize him in the minds of voters . Like the hazmat suit that symbolizes Ebola and elicits fear today , FDR 's wheelchair would have been a powerful symbol of polio in the American mind in the 1930s if he had let people see it : FDR scrupulously hid it from public view to avoid any association with the disease . There are only three known photographs of FDR sitting in a wheelchair . Only in recent years has FDR been viewed by many as a hero for how he doggedly overcame the stigma of the disease in the face of widespread public discrimination against polio victims . It is possible we can chart a better course in the future on Ebola by learning from the mistakes of the past in our response to AIDS and polio . First , there needs to be a U.S. government-led public health strategy to deal with the Ebola crisis here , and across the ocean at its source . No other country , or single international organization , has the credibility to lead on this issue . The White House , along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other key government agencies , is crucial to establishing the policies , action agenda and outlining the priorities to beat this disease , and to focus and coordinate all the international players who need to be involved . Second , everyone involved in the public dialogue needs to come together to address and manage the ongoing fears of an epidemic in the United States . While experts may believe they 're relieving our fears when they tell us we 're safe , it is difficult to feel safe with the frequent reports of another individual suspected of being infected on our shores . In reality , an Ebola epidemic is not a threat to Americans at home : The U.S. health system is the best prepared on the planet to treat and cure Ebola patients . But ongoing fear distracts us from focusing on the urgency of treating Ebola at the source in Africa . Third , stigmatization slowed the cures for polio and AIDS and , without any legitimate reason , marginalized people for being victims of a disease they had no control over . Key to the conversation at this moment is that our response to the Ebola crisis can be dangerously slowed if we repeat those mistakes of stigmatization . We are at risk of rejecting the wrong people in this war -- not only the victims , but the doctors and health workers who are courageously caring and fighting the scourge . If we allow the very workers we need on the ground in Africa to be stigmatized when they come home , this will take longer to solve . This is exactly the moment when health workers need to be encouraged to be on the front line , and recognized as heroes for doing so when they return . Finally , Ebola needs an official face , a spokesperson high up in the U.S. government who is the credible , expert public voice of the disease both here and abroad . The White House seems to have missed the opportunity to connect the power of its pulpit with an official posture that can help stem fear and stigmatization , and bring a coherent message to the effort . They see Ebola as an administrative challenge and appointed Ron Klain as Ebola czar , because "  the job is regarded as a managerial challenge " and Klain is seen "  at the White House as a good manager with excellent relationships " . Leading the Ebola conversation is not an administrative task ; it 's an important way to connect government policy to people 's concerns and emotions , to move opinion away from fear toward information and hope . Which is why the ad campaign for Doctors of the World is meaningful : a credible voice that starts to fill the vacuum and pushes us to shift our perceptions of Ebola toward hope and life .	Martha Pease : We need to avoid stigmatizing Ebola as we did AIDS , polio She applauds recent ad campaign seeking to make hazmat suit a positive symbol Pease : Fear distracts us from focusing on treating Ebola at the source in Africa
CNN  It 's starting to feel a little bit like Groundhog Day when it comes to parents under attack for letting their children do things on their own . The latest case ? A Silver Spring , Maryland , couple is facing a neglect investigation for letting their 10-year-old son and 6-1/2 - year-old daughter walk home from a playground , about a mile from their house , by themselves on a Saturday afternoon in late December . The story immediately brought to mind the South Carolina mom arrested for letting her 9-year-old daughter play at the park alone while she worked at a McDonald 's and a Florida mom arrested after letting her 7-year-old walk to the park alone . Is it just me or have things suddenly gotten way out of hand when parents are being arrested -- or investigated -- for doing what was considered totally normal and appropriate just a few decades ago ? I asked Danielle Meitiv , the mother at the center of this latest national story , about her parenting philosophy . "  The funny thing is , it 's so funny to call it a philosophy , " Meitiv said . Brutally Honest : When is it OK to leave your teen home alone overnight ? "  In terms of crime , I lived in a more dangerous time period and my parents lived in a more dangerous time period ... so it just never occurred to me that this has to be a philosophy . " Growing up in Flushing , Queens , in New York , she would go to the bowling alley or library at a young age by herself . "  The idea that a parent would escort you somewhere , I mean my mother would have cracked up , ` What are you , nuts ? ' " As Meitiv 's kids got older , she and her husband grew more aware of the whole concept of helicopter parenting -- and the idea that kids had to be supervised all the time . She started looking up information and found the book "  Free-Range Kids " by Lenore Skenazy and began following her online blog , too . "  So from that , I would say , ` Yeah , I 'm a free-range parent , ' " she said . "  Again , to me , the idea is , what happened to just parenting ? " Skenazy , a New York mom , television host , speaker and author , was called the worst mother on the planet and meaner things than we could include in this article after she wrote a story in 2008 on why she let her 9-year-old son take the subway by himself . After the uproar about her parenting , she wrote the book and started a blog , and now hosts a show called "  World 's Worst Mom ? " airing at 9 p.m. ET Thursdays on the Discovery Life Channel . Mom arrested for leaving 9-year-old alone at the park Skenazy actually broke the story on Reason.com about the Meitivs being under investigation by Montgomery County 's Child Protective Services after they let their children walk home from a playground by themselves . "  We 've been encouraged in our society to do what I call worst-first thinking , which is come up with the worst-case scenario first and proceed as if it 's likely to happen , and that 's what happened with the Meitivs , " Skenazy said . "  Someone sees two children alone , and they leap to ` Oh , my God , they 're neglected . What if they 're run over by a Mack truck ? What if they 're kidnapped ? There are predators all around . ' " Crime rates are way down from when many of us were kids in the '70s ; rape , murder , burglary and arson are all down , said Skenazy , so it 's not exactly true to think today 's world is scarier than when I walked four blocks to the candy store when I was in the first grade . "  And if we are going to say , ` Oh , my God , I would never let my kid walk outside ; something bad could happen , ' well , I hope you 're saying that ` Oh , my God , I would never put my kid in the car , something bad could happen , ' because the No. 1 way children die in America is as car passengers , and yet we seem to keep that ` danger ' in perspective , but we ca n't keep the same perspective when it comes to letting our children walk outside , " she added . The afternoon that thrust the Meitivs into the national spotlight was as normal as you can get . Alexander Meitiv and the kids were heading home after synagogue  Danielle was in New York for a family event  when they passed the playground the kids had been begging to go to for weeks . This playground was going to be "  the next evolution of their ranging , " Meitiv said . She and her husband felt they were ready , and so he dropped them off at the playground and told them to return home in a little while . Florida mom arrested after letting 7-year-old walk to the park alone About halfway on their walk home , the children were stopped by two police vehicles , Meitiv said . When officers asked whether they were lost or in trouble , the kids told them they were fine , that their parents knew where they were and that they are allowed to walk home by themselves , she said . The police drove the kids home to the Meitivs ' house . Rafi Meitiv , who 's 10 , called his mother crying , "  Mommy , the police are here . I 'm afraid they 're going to arrest Daddy , " she remembered him saying . Alexander Meitiv was not arrested , but a few hours later , someone from Child Protective Services arrived and said the family needed to agree not to let the children be unsupervised until the matter was resolved within the agency , or the children would be taken into the custody of Child Protective Services . After a number of calls with CPS , and after CPS allegedly interviewed the Meitivs ' children without their knowledge and without a parent being present , they are still waiting to have an in-office meeting with the agency . Brutally Honest : Is it OK to let your children fail ? "  This is no joke , " said Danielle Meitiv . "  The threat that they can take my kids is real . " The Montgomery County Health and Human Services Department said it is bound by state confidentiality laws preventing it from commenting on a specific case . "  Like all Departments of Social Services in Maryland , Montgomery County Child Protective Services is required to respond to all calls from community members and law enforcement about possible neglect , " the statement said . Most states do n't have laws on the books regarding how old a child must be to be left alone . Maryland is one of the few that does , stating that children under 8 years old may not be left unattended in a house or car . There is n't anything stipulated within the law about kids being alone outside . This is not the first time the Meitivs have been approached by CPS . In October , a few days after Danielle Meitiv let the kids play at a playground around the block from their house and walk home by themselves , two CPS workers came to her door after they were contacted by someone mostly likely from the neighborhood , Meitiv said . That case was eventually closed . "  We have no problem with people looking out for our kids . That 's actually what people always did , look out for each other , " Meitiv said . "  It 's the idea that looking out for them then becomes reporting them to the police and making it criminal ... that it becomes somehow this is neglect . My kids were playing at the park . " The story has gotten a ton of traction online , with many parents expressing outrage about another case of a parent under investigation for letting children do things on their own . "  The parents in the above referenced story have the right to raise their kids as they wish . I do not think it is a CPS issue , " wrote Annette Lanteri , a lawyer and mom of two girls in Bayport , New York , in an email . "  I personally give them credit for allowing their kids to have freedom at such a young age . " ` Brutally Honest ' : Is it OK to spy on your kids ? Cherylyn Harley LeBon , a mom of two , said that whether she decides to let her children walk to the park alone is "  simply her business , " not her neighbors ' . "  And if there is a bona fide question of neglect in my household , then Child Protective Services should be notified . Anything less than that is government overreach , " said Harley LeBon , a writer , strategist and former senior counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee . Laura Beyer , a mom of two grown daughters , said she does n't believe the parents were negligent in this case , because the children were "  obviously capable " of simply walking to and from the park . "  My thought is if those of us who care for others would simply ` keep an eye on ' children as we drive to and fro , they would be safe nonetheless , " Beyer said . "  If you see a child walking and he or she is being approached by what seems to be a stranger , pull to the side of the road and ask if he or she is OK . " But some parents are asking questions about how young is too young to leave kids alone and how much one 's community should play in that decision . Terry Greenwald , a father of three in Alaska , said , "  In a small town where the parent feels their children are safe , I 'd understand a parent allowing some freedom , at least more so than someone living in a larger city . "  The world is a dangerous place , though , and we all need to protect ourselves and our children , especially our children , " said Greenwald . The Meitivs hope their story helps get the message out that parents today may too often overestimate the danger and underestimate their kids . "  Our children need the freedom to grow into the happy , healthy , confident adults we want them to be , so we should trust our kids more , " Meitiv said . Do you think it 's OK to let children walk home alone at a certain age ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Maryland family allows their kids , 10 and 6 , to walk home alone from a playground The family subscribes to the "  free-range " parenting model The case is just the latest in a series of parents questioned about leaving kids alone
CNN  -- Here 's the reality of the situation : A diplomatic solution to Syria 's use of chemical weapons will include "  boots on the ground . " The threat of a military solution will not . It should come as no surprise that anything other than doing nothing in Syria will be costly and threatens the deployment of soldiers to Syria to ensure compliance . But why does diplomacy seem so enticing ? Let 's assume Bashar al-Assad agrees to surrender his chemical stockpiles to an international body for control or destruction . What next ? Minimally , there has to be a cease-fire in Syria 's civil war . There can be no inspection regime until all parties involved in the fighting in Syria agree to stop fighting and to an intrusive cease-fire verification regime . Having led the initial weapons of mass destruction hunt in Iraq in 2003 , I can tell you that there is no possibility that inspectors should volunteer to race into harm 's way to inspect a possible chemical site without a phalanx of soldiers protecting them . Is a cease-fire likely ? No side is incentivized to stop fighting . The minority Alawites are running Syria as well as for their lives . Iran has stoked this war by proxy ; it has no interest in a cessation of hostilities . Hezbollah is guided and funded by Iran so it wo n't stop the killing . Russia has supported al-Assad and his family for decades . It is unlikely that Russia will cut off its aid , especially in light of President Vladimir Putin 's lecture to America in the form of an op-ed in Thursday 's New York Times . As a starting point , Syria has to declare what chemical weapons it has and where they 're located before any inspectors secured by soldiers step onto Syrian soil . Al-Assad will surrender that data on his chemical stockpiles , but it may well be wrong , full of intentional inaccuracies . Every vault behind every door within every site must be verified . The amount of time to accomplish that task will be years . Let 's not forget , a cease-fire must remain in place and be resilient enough to withstand the inevitable score-settling of this bloody civil war . The killing will continue . Only the bravest of the brave inspectors will agree to this mission . Will the chemical weapons , or the other possible weapons of mass destruction that inspectors discover , be destroyed in place , or will they be taken out of country for destruction or safeguarding ? The answer seems quite simple -- destroy them in place . The logistics just to arrive at the point of finding the munitions are staggering . To upload arguably unstable munitions from multiple disparate locations throughout Syria and transport them along poorly maintained roads to locations within Syria to be secured or destroyed in a nonpermissive environment when hostilities are likely to flare up any time is a monumental task . Let 's hope decisions about "  rendering safe " are made by weapons experts , not suits . Finally , every party involved in Syria 's civil war wants al-Assad 's chemical stockpile . Chemical weapons are strategic leverage . Hezbollah and al Qaeda insurgents are already deciding how to threaten their regional enemies and each other with the use of chemicals . Diplomacy is hard . Be careful what you ask for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Military analyst says people should not underestimate the demands of a diplomatic solution He says inspecting , destroying Syria 's chemical weapons would require "  boots on the ground " Inserting troops and inspectors into the middle of a raging civil war is a daunting task , he says
CNN  -- Federal authorities have filed a civil complaint seeking the forfeiture of a stolen dinosaur skeleton and its return to Mongolia , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office . The skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar was looted from Mongolia 's Gobi Desert and brought to the United States illegally , the U.S. Attorney 's Office and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a joint statement Monday . "  The skeletal remains of this dinosaur are of tremendous cultural and historic significance to the people of Mongolia and provide a connection to the country 's prehistoric past , " said Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . Mongolia tries to stop sale of dinosaur fossil The Tyrannosaurus bataar skeleton was allegedly brought to the United States from Great Britain in March 2010 . Upon entering , smugglers allegedly listed the skeleton 's value at $ 15,000 , while the auction value was listed as $ 950,000 to $ 1.5 million . Additionally , the skeleton 's country of origin was listed as Great Britain . Tyrannosaurus bataar skeletons have only been recovered in Mongolia . Despite a court order submitted by the government of Mongolia and granted by a Texas State Civil District judge prohibiting the auction , sale , release or transfer of the skeleton , it was sold at auction for more than $ 1 million . Paleontologists recently determined the skeleton was unearthed from the Gobi Desert sometime from 1995 to 2005 . "  When the skeleton was allegedly looted , a piece of the country 's natural history was stolen with it , and we look forward to returning it to its rightful place , " Bharara said . Court documents state the skeleton is in the custody of Cadogan Tate Fine Art in Sunnyside , New York . Cadogan Tate was not immediately available for comment . Mongolia enacted laws in 1924 criminalizing the exportation of dinosaur fossils from the country . The Tyrannosaurus bataar lived about 70 million years ago .	U.S. : Skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar was looted from Gobi Desert U.S. Attorney 's Office says skeleton brought here from Great Britain in 2010 The highly valued skeleton sold for more than $ 1 million at auction It 's in the custody of Cadogan Tate Fine Art in Sunnyside , New York , court documents say
CNN  -- Egyptians and activists around the world took to the streets in various cities Saturday to show their support for the protests currently underway in Egypt and to join the call for President Hosni Mubarak to step down . Outside the Egyptian Embassy in London , people rallied , chanted , hoisted banners and demanded change . One sign , written in red ink , read : "  From The Nile , To the Sea -- Egypt Soon Will Be Free ! Freedom for Egypt ! " "  People were clearly voicing their anger at President Mubarak 's regime but similarly they were also very passionate about their demands for democracy and political reforms , " said Amedeo d'Amore , who attended the London protest . Demonstrators chanted : "  One , two , three , four , we do n't want Mubarak anymore ! " d'Amore said in an e-mail to CNN . Elsewhere in Europe , protesters in Geneva shouted slogans in Arabic , French and English , chanting , "  Get out , Mubarak ! " according to Courtney Radsch , who attended the demonstration there . Radsch sent CNN a video of the protest that showed a crowd of people carrying signs that read , "  Freedom . Social Justice . Democracy " and "  Free Egypt . " Protests also took place in cities throughout Canada . About 150 protesters gathered outside the Egyptian consulate in Montreal , CNN affiliate CTV reported . In Toronto , a downtown rally drew more than 500 people , it said . Ahmed Khalifa , who helped organize the Toronto protest , said he was encouraged by the protests in Egypt and stressed their significance . "  We are witnessing a great change in history , " he told CTV . "  It 's like the fall of the Berlin Wall . We are watching Egyptian people and Middle Eastern people telling us that ` we want freedom . ' " Anti-Mubarak demonstrations were also held across the United States .	Protests are held in London , Geneva and Toronto In Geneva , people chant slogans in Arabic , French and English
CNN  -- A drunken English soccer supporter who attacked a former international goalkeeper during a match last Friday has been jailed for 16 weeks and given a six-year banning order . Aaron Cawley , a fan of English second division team Leeds , pleaded guilty to charges of assault and entering the field of play before being sentenced on Monday . The 21-year-old was arrested after invading the pitch during Leeds ' match at Yorkshire rivals Sheffield Wednesday and shoving Kirkland in the face , knocking the one-cap England international to the ground . Cawley escaped back into the crowd after the incident , which came in the 76th minute of the game , but was arrested on Sunday . "  We are pleased to see the matter dealt with by the courts so quickly , " said a spokesman for Leeds , which plans to ban Cawley for life once his court order expires . "  Our one disappointment is that we feel the sentence could , and should , have been considerably longer . " In March 2007 , Timothy Smith was fined Â # 300 and given a three-year banning order after running onto the field and attempting to punch Frank Lampard during Chelsea 's FA Cup replay at Tottenham . Two years earlier , a Stoke fan was jailed for three months after attacking Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Simon Royce . British media reported that the court in Sheffield was told Cawley had been drinking heavily before the match , and that he had previously breached other banning orders . His solicitor said her client "  was absolutely disgusted by his own behavior " and that he could not recall the incident due to his state of inebriation . Kirkland , who has played for Premier League clubs Liverpool and Wigan and represented his country in 2006 , was left shaken by the attack . "  I caught a glimpse of someone coming towards me on the pitch , " he told Wednesday 's website after the match . "  I thought he was going to give me some abuse but then suddenly he came at me with both hands and I was stunned . I felt the full force and I was just shocked because you never know what could have been in his hands . "  I thought of my family watching something like that and it was not a nice feeling to think my daughter saw me assaulted like that . " Sheffield Wednesday manager Dave Jones said Leeds fans should be "  banned from every league ground . " "  They are vile animals , " Jones said after the match . "  The authorities have to look at it and sort it . " Jones , who was found not guilty of charges of child abuse in 2000 , said he was taunted throughout the game by Leeds supporters . "  The abuse aimed at me on Friday was personal . It was also wrong , it was offensive and not the first time I have endured such abuse from Leeds United supporters , " he said in a statement on Wednesday 's website on Monday . "  Why make it personal ? Why were the chants aimed at me ? I can not emphasize strongly enough that I condemn any abuse of any kind from any supporter and I would stress that the vast majority of fans at every club in the country are decent and law-abiding . " The Kirkland incident came on the same day that Russian fans attacked Dynamo Moscow players using paintball guns at the club 's training ground . Having arrived in camouflage at the club 's training base in Novogorsk , just north of Moscow , they unleashed a flurry of paintballs at the players .	Football fan jailed for attacking Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Chris Kirkland Aaron Cawley , 21 , also banned from matches for six years following assault Leeds supporter invaded the pitch during match and knocked Kirkland down Leeds spokesman says the sentence was too lenient and club will ban him for life
CNN  -- Food prices in Indonesia rise during the holy month of Ramadan , but that has n't stopped Ghazmawati Akmalzen from stocking her shelves to celebrate next week 's end of daylight fasting . "  It 's not possible to cut down on food and ingredients because we 're going to have friends and family over , " she said . The spending power of Akmalzen and 242 million other Indonesians shows why this secular Muslim nation is a bright spot in a darkening global economy . Thanks to strong economic demand , this emerging market was able to shake off sagging exports due to eurozone troubles and slowing demand from China . The latest figures Monday from Southeast Asia 's largest economy showed Indonesia 's gross domestic product  GDP  grew 6.4 % year-on-year last quarter . "  The second quarter numbers beat market expectations and showed the resilience of the Indonesian economy - that was very much because of the strength of investment which grew 12 % year-on-year and also the strength of consumer demand , " said Rajiv Biswas , chief Asia economist for IHS Global Insight . "  Domestic demand was the key factor here . " More foreign companies are looking to profit from growth in the world 's most populous Muslim nation . When Nissan Motor Company resurrected the Datsun brand , CEO Carlos Ghosn made the March announcement in Indonesia , where the Japanese automaker plans to build and sell the new car in 2014 , to take advantage of the nation 's both rising manufacturing prowess and growing middle class . Late last year , Boeing made its largest single aviation sale - 230 planes totaling $ 21.7 billion - to Lion Air , a domestic airline virtually unknown outside of this archipelago nation of 6,000 inhabited islands . Tony Fernandes , CEO of regional low-cost carrier Air Asia and chairman of the Queens Park Rangers football club , caused headlines recently by announcing his move from his native Malaysia to Indonesia . "  Jakarta has the potential to be the biggest market for Air Asia , " Fernandes told CNN Tuesday at the launch of Air Asia ASEAN in Jakarta . "  It 's also home for ASEAN . So it 's a statement we want to accelerate change in ASEAN and we 've made the bold move of physically relocating ourselves here . "  We believe there is a massive market potential that 's untouched here -- that 's what we 're after , " he said . Global Insight , an economics consulting firm , predicts the Indonesian economy will grow five-fold by 2030 to become a $ 4.5 trillion economy - roughly the size of Germany 's economy today . "  That 's very important -- not only does it mean Indonesia 's GDP and per capita income are going to rise very substantially ... but also it 's very important for the rest of ASEAN  Association of Southeast Asian Nations  , because Indonesia is going to act as a growth driver for other ASEAN economies and for Asia regionally , " Biswas said . Experts also talk about spurring more equitable growth that reaches Indonesia 's poorest . In June , food staples tofu and soybean curd all but disappeared from markets for three days . The prolonged U.S. drought jacked up soybean prices to record highs , prompting local producers to go on strike . "  People look for tofu and soybean curd because that 's what they eat . So for the poor , it 's very difficult . If the prices are too high , who suffers ? It 's the poor , " tofu vendor Haji Siti told CNN . Consumer prices were up 4.5 % percent last quarter from a year earlier . Despite the country 's growing investment , its infrastructure lags behind other developing economies such as China . "  I 'm very bullish but that does n't mean that you should n't introduce policies that would both accelerate growth further and improve the quality of growth , " said Milan Zavadjil , senior representative for the International Monetary Fund in Indonesia . "  Particularly more investment in infrastructure is absolutely essential to get rid of some of the current  traffic  bottlenecks , more investment in education to improve human skills and allow industry and other sectors to move up the value chain , " Zavadjil said . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and John Defterios contributed to this report	Despite the slowdown in China and Europe , Indonesia 's economy beat expectations Multinational companies like Air Asia and Nissan are expanding in the Southeast Asian nation Global Insight predicts the Indonesian economy will grow five-fold by 2030 Inflation and problems with the nation 's infrastructure remain a challenge
