CNN  -- Two Pennsylvania teens will serve time in a county jail for participating in a brawl that left a Mexican immigrant dead last July . Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak 's joint trial began in late April in Schuykill County , Pennsylvania . Brandon Piekarsky , 17 , was sentenced to 6 to 23 months , and Derrick Donchak , 19 , received 7 to 23 months for their roles in the beating death of 25-year-old Luis Ramirez . Judge William Baldwin ordered the two to report to Schuylkill County jail on July 19 to begin serving their sentences . An all-white jury convicted the two former high school football players of misdemeanor simple assault at trial last month and acquitted them of felony counts , including aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation and hindering apprehension -- charges that carried lengthier sentences . In fashioning his sentence , Baldwin acknowledged the severity of the attack , which left Ramirez on life support for two days before he died , but said he could pass a sentence only in accordance with the jury 's verdict . "  This was n't any fight , this was a group of young athletes ganging up on one person . That 's not a street fight , " Baldwin said , referring to the defense team 's characterization of the confrontation as a "  street fight . " "  You picked out a guy who was n't one of you and beat the pulp out of him , " Baldwin said . The incident divided the small , rural mining town of Shenandoah into camps for and against the boys as it became a flashpoint for racial tensions across the country . After the verdict , Gov. Ed Rendell sent a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder recommending that the Department of Justice pursue civil rights charges . "  The evidence suggests that Mr. Ramirez was targeted , beaten and killed because he was Mexican , " Rendell said . "  Such lawlessness and violence hurts not only the victim of the attack but also our towns and communities that are torn apart by such bigotry and intolerance . " During Wednesday 's sentencing , Baldwin said he was surprised that Rendell had chosen to speak out on the case and told the court that his sentence was not affected by the governor 's letter . Fred Fanelli , Piekarsky 's lawyer , said he felt the sentence was harsh , given the circumstances . The judge could have sentenced the teens to probation under Pennsylvania 's sentencing guidelines . "  I 'm disappointed that the court exceeded the aggravated range and sentenced him to six months . Having said that , I 'm glad we finally have some finality with this case , " Fanelli told CNN affiliate WBRE after the sentencing . Baldwin heard from several teachers , coaches and family friends who testified that the teens were good kids who fell into a bad situation . They urged leniency so the teens could realize their potential as adults . Ramirez 's longtime girlfriend and mother of two of his children read a statement in open court before an audience consisting mostly of the defendants ' supporters . "  He was my one and only love , and they took him away from me , and they took my children 's father , " Crystal Dillman said . "  Now I have to live without my best friend and love of my life . " The court also heard a prepared statement from Ramirez 's mother , Elisa Zavala , who lives in Guanajuato , Mexico . "  I 'm not the same person as before , now I feel a great emptiness within my heart , " she wrote . "  There are moments in which I 'm alone and I ask myself : What do I do now that I do n't have my son ? I feel that without him , I am no one . " The judge also tacked on extra days to each boy 's sentence for consuming alcohol earlier in the evening . For providing the alcohol to his friends before the fight , Donchak was also convicted of corrupting minors . Jurors found Piekarsky not guilty of third-degree murder . Prosecutors had said he delivered a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after Ramirez was knocked to the ground in the alcohol-fueled brawl , which occurred on a residential street in Shenandoah the evening of July 12 . Prosecutors alleged that a group of teens , which included Piekarsky and Donchak , baited Ramirez into the initial confrontation after a night of drinking , hurling racial epithets at the undocumented Mexican immigrant . After the fight broke up , witnesses said Ramirez came back at the teens , who beat him so severely that , according to a medical testimony , brain tissue oozed out of his skull during surgery at a hospital . Jurors heard from several teens who witnessed the incident but did not participate , as well as one teen who pleaded guilty in juvenile court and another whose case is being handled in federal court . The testimony painted a picture of confusion , with several inconsistencies as to who did what . Defense lawyers argued that Ramirez 's death was a street brawl gone wrong that was not motivated by racial bias . They also suggested that Ramirez was responsible for triggering the second confrontation . Advocacy groups condemned the verdict and sentences , and called on the Department of Justice to bring federal hate crime charges against the defendants . "  The meager sentences handed to the defendants today leaves justice gasping for further redress , " said Gladys Limon , staff attorney for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund . Citing FBI statistics , Limon said that hate crimes against Latinos have risen 40 percent in the last five years and called on Congress to strengthen hate crime laws . "  The failure to hold these defendants responsible for their atrocious crimes denies justice not just to the Ramirez family , but also to the entire community by failing to deter similar crimes in the future , " she said . Richard Cohen , president and CEO of the Southern Poverty Law Center , said the case had troubling implications in the wider context of race relations nationwide . "  Since the year 2000 , we 've seen a 50 percent surge in the number of hate groups across the country , to a record 926 by our latest count , " he said . "  The increase has been fueled by the same factor responsible for the rise in the anti-Latino hate crimes -- a backlash against the changing demographics of our country , a backlash fueled by politicians trolling for votes and pundits looking for ratings . " CNN 's Brian Rokus and Rose Arce contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's girlfriend , mother speak out ; groups condemn verdict , sentences Derrick Donchak , 19 , sentenced to 7 to 23 months for role in death of Luis Ramirez Brandon Piekarsky , 17 , gets 6 to 23 months for simple assault Defense lawyers said assault was street brawl gone bad ; no racial bias
CNN  -- From luxury hotels in colossal tower blocks to traditional "  ryokan " and functional capsule hotels , there 's plenty of variety in Tokyo 's hotel scene . Sample the salaryman lifestyle at the Capsule Inn Akihabara . If you can afford it -- and you probably ca n't -- you owe it to yourself to stay at the Peninsula Hotel  1-8-1 Yurakucho , Chiyoda-ku  . As well as overlooking the Imperial Palace , what makes this hotel so special is the incredible array of high-tech mod cons in the rooms . There are wall panels that show the outdoor weather conditions , in-room nail dryers and espresso machines and , best of all , the toilets have a heated , self-lifting seat and built-in power deodorizer -- ingenious . Another top-end option is the Park Hyatt  3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku  , immediately recognizable as the setting for the movie "  Lost in Translation . " The hotel occupies floors 41 to 52 of the Shinjuku Park Tower , and with breathtaking views over the city and towards Mount Fuji , its popularity with visiting celebrities is understandable . A more economical option is the Park Hotel Tokyo  Shiodome Media Tower , 1-7-1 , Higashi Shimbashi  , which also has great views , along with modern , unfussy rooms . The hotel even employs "  Pillow Fitter " staff to make sure you get a good night 's sleep . Marunouchi Hotel  1-6-30 Marunouchi , Chiyoda-ku  has comfortable rooms and is surprisingly luxurious for a business hotel . A "  ryokan " is a traditional Japanese-style inn , often featuring communal baths and rooms with futons and "  tatami "  straw mat  flooring . They also tend to be cheaper than regular hotels . Family-run Ryokan Sawanoya  2-3-11 Yanaka , Taito-ku  is cheap and homely . The English-speaking owner is exceptionally helpful and keen to immerse you in Japanese culture . If you 're lucky , his family will put on a tea ceremony or lion dance for your viewing pleasure . Ryokan Asakusa Shigetsu  1-31-11 Asakusa , Taito-ku  is a more expensive but more traditional option . Most rooms have private bathrooms but it 's worth using the communal baths just for the views of the nearby five-storied pagoda . ` Western-style ' rooms are also available . If you 're on a tight budget , or just curious , you could always try a ` capsule ' hotel , where guests sleep in coffin-sized capsules , just big enough to sit up in . Aimed primarily at workers too tired or too drunk to make it home , capsule hotels are only really suitable for single-night stays . Asakusa Riverside Capsule Hotel  2-20-4 Kaminarimon , Taito-ku  , with a women-only floor , is one of the few capsule hotels in Tokyo that allows female guests . You 'll be provided with a dressing gown and toothbrush and you 'll have access to communal bathing facilities . Be sure to take earplugs , as the snores of drunken salarymen wo n't do much for your beauty sleep . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Why stay at the Peninsula Hotel ? Because it has in-room espresso machines The views from the Park Hyatt were the real star of "  Lost in Translation " A "  ryokan " is a traditional inn , with futons and "  tatami " floor mats in the rooms If you 're short on cash , or just curious , spend a night in a capsule hotel
CNN  -- The new football season is still some weeks away , but already in Italy allegations of racial abuse towards AC Milan 's Kevin Constant have marred a friendly . The French-born Guinean player smashed the ball into the stands and walked off the pitch during Tuesday 's friendly game against Sassuolo in the northern city of Reggio Emilia after becoming enraged by a section of supporters . The Italian Football Federation  FIGC  confirmed Wednesday that it was examining the incident . "  The Federal Prosecutor 's Office has opened an investigation to ascertain the extent of the racist incident that took place yesterday evening at the Stadio del Tricolore in Reggio Emilia during the Milan-Sassuolo match  Trofeo TIM  , which saw AC Milan player Kevin Constant the subject of chants from some supporters in the stands " said the FIGC statement . In January , Constant 's teammate Kevin Prince-Boateng walked off the field of play after being racially abused by a number of fans during a friendly game against Pro Patria with six people hit with two-month prison sentences . However Milan said that Constant 's decision to leave the field was "  not a decision he should have taken upon himself to make . " "  On the evening of July 23rd 2013 there was another episode involving racist intolerance and this time the victim was Kevin Constant , who reacted by leaving the field of play , " read the Milan statement . "  This was not a decision he should have taken upon himself to make and despite his more than understandable reasons and the anger he must have felt , AC Milan would like to remind everyone that the only people responsible for intervening against any manifestations that offend the human dignity , which includes racial discrimination , are the referee in charge of the match and the head of public safety . "  The use of the legal system and institutional rights , which every member of the public requires to exist in a civil society , does not compensate for the fact that these episodes continue to happen at a frequent rate . " Both Constant and Prince-Boateng declined to be interviewed by CNN , while Sassuolo issued the following statement on its website . "  With reference to the incident that occurred during the Trofeo TIM , Sassuolo Calcio await the results of the investigation and fully condemn any racist expression , " it read . "  In any case , we also underline the extraordinary fair play of Sassuolo fans in general . Over the years and during the Trofeo TIM last night they supported their team with the utmost sporting values , never transcending into vulgar chants and ensuring visiting fans enjoyed their hospitality . " The incident is the latest in a long line of unsavory episodes of racism which have dogged Italian football in recent times . Only last May , the FIGC itself came under fire from FIFA president Sepp Blatter after the Italian organization fined Roma $ 65,000 after its fans were found guilty of racially abusing Milan 's Mario Balotelli . "  You will always find money , " Blatter told the world governing body 's website at the time . "  What is $ 65,000 for such an incident ? I 'm not happy and I will call the Italian Federation . That 's not a way to deal with such matters . " In April , Inter Milan were fined nearly $ 60,000 by European governing body UEFA after its fans were found guilty of "  improper conduct " in chants directed towards Tottenham Hotspur striker Emmanuel Adebayor . Two months earlier , Lazio received its fourth charge of racist behavior this season -- with Roma 's city rivals having been fined nearly $ 300,000 after repeated fan transgressions . In May , FIFA adopted tougher penalties for racist behavior during its congress in Mauritius . Punishments for first offenses bring a warning , fine or clubs being forced to play games in empty stadiums . A second offense , or one deemed "  serious , " could result in demotion , a deduction of points or expulsion from a tournament . FIFA also confirmed that any individual found guilty of racist chanting will be suspended for at least five matches . According to UEFA guidelines , which are adhered to by all professional clubs in Europe , there is a three-step procedure for abandoning games if they are marred by racist chanting . First , the referee should halt the contest and ask for announcements to be made over the public address system . The second step would be to suspend the match for a given period of time and , finally , abandon it .	AC Milan defender Kevin Constant suffers alleged racial abuse during friendly contest French-born Guinean player stormed off field in protest Italian Football Federation launches investigation into incident
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China 's economy grew by 8.7 percent in 2009 , according to the National Bureau of Statistics . China 's fourth quarter growth alone surged to 10.7 percent on an annualized basis . China 's economy has been picking up pace the first three quarters of the year , growing at 6.2 percent the first quarter and 7.9 percent the second quarter and 9.1 percent in the third quarter . The gross domestic product total was $ 4.9 trillion in 2009 . The annual growth was spurred by a $ 586 billion stimulus package to bolster its economy . The government had set a growth target rate of 8 percent last year , which the government sees as a benchmark to maintain employment rates in the nation of 1.3 billion . "  In the face of severe impact brought about by the global financial crisis in a century and the most complicated domestic and international situations , the  government  sized up the situation , made scientific decisions , and headed the whole nation united as one to surmount the difficulties of our time , " said Ma Jiantang , director of the National Bureau of Statistics . "  It stopped the remarkable decline ... and China became the first to emerge  from the recession  . " Retail sales rose 16.9 percent in 2009 , as China encourage domestic spending to make up for lost export business during the recession . But concerns are rising of a growing property bubble in China , fueled by lending which has seen property prices grow 50 percent or more in some cities . On Wednesday China signaled to several banks to curb lending , causing stock markets to slump globally as questions about China 's lending practices slammed the price of commodities . The sector was also hit by reports that China intends to slow the pace of lending this year in an attempt to get ahead of inflation . A stronger dollar also pressured dollar-traded commodity prices and stocks . "  China 's efforts to get their banks to lend less really hit commodities hard , because China is the marginal buyer of commodities , " said David Chalupnik , head of equities at First American Funds . The numbers released Thursday showed , foreign trade dropped 13.9 percent . China still holds a significant trade surplus -- $ 196 billion -- though the surplus slipped more than 34 percent . Monthly import-export numbers for December 2009 , however , were up .	China 's economy grew by 8.7 percent in 2009 , according to the National Bureau of Statistics China 's fourth quarter growth alone surged to 10.7 percent on an annualized basis But concerns are rising of a growing property bubble in China
CNN  -- A World War II-era bomb was discovered in London 's Olympic Park on Monday , hours after the closing concert of a sporting competition for wounded and ill veterans sponsored by members of Britain 's royal family . Although the bomb turned out to be inert and alerts were later dropped , police say it did require evacuations of residents and schools near the park , which was converted to public use after the 2012 London Olympics . The park was also the scene Sunday of the closing concert of the Invictus Games . Britain 's Prince Harry founded the games . The bomb was found at the international broadcast center in the park . It was n't immediately known how it was discovered . Unexploded ordnance is not uncommon in Great Britain , which was not only the scene of German air raids during World War II , but essentially also an enormous armed encampment , training ground and ammunition depot during World War II . Experts defuse unexploded WWII bomb in central Berlin Suspected WWII bomb prompts evacuations on Hong Kong Island CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Brooke Bowman contributed to this report .	Inert bomb in London 's Olympic Park results in evacuations The bomb appears to date to World War II The park hosted the Invictus Games closing concert hours before the bomb was discovered
CNN  -- Nearly 200 arrests for sex trafficking and related crimes have been made in New York in operations leading up to Sunday 's Super Bowl , law enforcement officials say . New York Police Department vice units trained in dealing with sex trafficking and prostitution have converged on certain parts of the city in the last two weeks , conducting both street busts and high-end , undercover call girl stings to try and curtail some of the sex trafficking business in anticipation of the Super Bowl . The 200 arrests are in line with the number of arrests made in previous sweeps in New York , according to police Det. James Duffy . For years , federal and local authorities have been concerned about increased prostitution around major sporting events such as the Super Bowl . The NYPD and the Federal Bureau of Investigation say they 're dedicating more resources to the issue and have been working cases to target traffickers who victimize young women and men in the sex trade . Most of the operation has focused on johns and sex traffickers . The police department has stressed that in most cases , they treat sex workers as victims . Homeland Security details Super Bowl safety plan CNN 's Rose Arce contributed to this report .	NYPD focuses on sex trafficking in crackdown Sex workers generally treated as victims as cops focus on traffickers Detective : The nearly 200 arrests are in line with other sweeps
CNN  -- In his second inaugural address last month , President Barack Obama forcefully articulated a case for confronting the climate crisis . In his State of the Union speech on Tuesday , I encourage him to lay out a plan on it . I realize Congress can be an obstacle . A few years ago , the right and left discussed how best to tackle the climate crisis . Today , it has become an article of faith among some conservatives to ignore science and deny there is a human-made crisis at all . Just last week , Sen. Marco Rubio , the oft-touted 2016 GOP savior who will deliver the Republican response to the State of the Union , falsely claimed there was "  reasonable debate " on the issue . There is n't . There is no alternative but to act . As if the warnings from scientists were n't enough , in 2012 -- the hottest year on record in the contiguous U.S. -- we saw the true face of climate change : freak storms , raging wildfires , a new Dust Bowl in the heartland and devastating damages . Most heartbreakingly , innocent lives were lost . Here 's what Obama can do to help stop climate change -- and what he should announce in his speech on Tuesday night . Opinion : Obama 's chance to lead , or kick the can down the road 1 . Negotiate a bilateral agreement with China New Secretary of State John Kerry declared climate change a "  life-threatening issue " at his confirmation hearing . Obama should make his chief diplomat 's top priority the crafting of a bilateral agreement with China to reduce carbon pollution and accelerate clean energy . Even if the Doha climate negotiations produce a treaty with teeth , the Senate will refuse to ratify it unless China is on board . Growing concerns about air pollution have the Chinese government talking about renewable energy . An agreement between the two largest emitters of greenhouse gasses would set the whole planet on a more sustainable path . The best thing about this option : Obama does not need Congress ' approval to start the dialogue . Furthermore , he can use the buildup to the Doha climate summit as an opportunity to educate the public about the real dangers of climate chaos . 2 . Stop the Keystone XL Pipeline Some scientists liken building the pipeline to lighting the fuse on the world 's biggest carbon bomb . According to industry experts , without the demand from this pipeline , most of the oil in the Alberta tar sands would stay safely in the ground . Instead , Keystone would funnel the dirtiest oil on Earth from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico , which would do nothing to reduce our dependence on foreign energy while causing irreparable harm . In return , we could get higher gas prices , risk of a BP-like spill in the heartland and fewer jobs than there are people employed in the wind industry right now . 3 . Use executive branch powers Although Obama can not institute a carbon tax without Congress , he is not without options . The Environmental Protection Agency used its authority to regulate carbon dioxide as a source of pollution and set higher standards for power plants . The EPA could go further . Obama should also support the efforts of the EPA to set new standards for soot based on the best and latest science . The administration could also open more public land for renewable energy development . Finally , the president should publicly commit to making sure coal miners emerge as winners in the transition to clean energy jobs . At the least , the people who sacrifice their health to bring us power deserve secure pensions , world class health care and the opportunity to be trained in the industries of the future . Twenty years from today , we could live in an age defined by ever-more-violent storms and watch as other nations stake out a crucial advantage in clean energy technology . Or , we can reject that future now and lead a healthier , more prosperous world well into the 21st century . Tackling the issue entails some political risks . But the president should know that if he leads , a movement will rise to stand behind him . This Sunday , tens of thousands of Americans are expected to gather in Washington for the massive "  Forward on Climate " Rally . They will be joined by thousands more across the nation . A generation from now , this president 's legacy will be measured by his record on climate . Strong words in the inaugural address were just the starting point . On Tuesday , we need to hear a concrete plan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : President Obama should lay out a plan on climate crisis in his SOTU speech Jones : Obama should push for a bilateral agreement with China to reduce carbon pollution He says the administration should support the EPA to set stronger air pollution standards Jones : This president 's legacy will be measured by his record on climate
CNN  -- Illness forced Whitney Houston to postpone the first four shows of the European leg of her "  Nothing But Love " comeback tour , her publicist said Wednesday . "  Doctors visited Whitney late last night in Paris and confirmed that she was suffering from an upper respiratory infection , " a statement issued Wednesday said . "  Upon medical advice Whitney has been advised that she can not perform to allow her time to recover . " It was announced Monday that Houston would miss Tuesday 's show in Paris because of the illness , but now doctors have advised her to cancel her first three United Kingdom performances , the publicist said . "  Only last month Whitney had said how excited she was to be performing again in the U.K. after her eleven year absence and was looking forward to performing new songs as well as crowd favorites , " the statement said . Her two Manchester , England shows have been moved from Thursday and Friday to the end of her tour on June 17 and 18 , the publicist said . The Glasgow , Scotland concert has been shifted from this Sunday to May 1 , he said . The tour is expected to resume next Tuesday in Birmingham , England . Houston just completed a tour of Asia and Australia .	Illness forces Whitney Houston to postpone first four shows of European tour Doctors says Houston is suffering from an upper respiratory infection Glasgow , Scotland concert has been shifted from this Sunday to May 1
CNN  -- For three months , Mark Cherry lay in a Chicago-area hospital room , close to death . He suffered a gunshot wound during a home invasion in Gary , Indiana -- a crime he is accused of committing , and in which he allegedly shot and killed a 22-year old man . In late February , fully recovered , Cherry discharged himself and walked out of the hospital . Now , the victim 's family is questioning how an accused killer could just leave , with no one stopping him . Law enforcement and the hospital are blaming each other for the mix-up . And Cherry is still on the run . "  Why was n't he handcuffed ? Why did n't you have a police officer at the door waiting for him to get released ? " Lourdes deJesus Correa , mother of the victim , Rolando Correa , told CNN affiliate WLS Tuesday . The home invasion Lourdes Correa 's son was killed more than five months ago . Just before midnight on December 1 , Cherry and two other men allegedly forced their way into a home where Rolando Correa was staying . At some point during the home invasion , shots were fired and Cherry allegedly shot and killed Rolando Correa , Gary Police spokeswoman Cpl. Gabrielle King told CNN . Cherry was also wounded and transported to a local hospital , and then airlifted across state lines to a hospital in Illinois , she said . That same month , Cherry was charged with murder , attempted murder , criminal confinement , and battery with a deadly weapon . At Advocate Christ Medical Center , Cherry recovered but was apparently not under police guard during his hospital stay . The hospital told CNN it ca n't hold a patient against their will , and that without prior written consent , ca n't alert another person of a patient 's pending discharge . Privacy laws are in place to prevent that type of information from being shared , a hospital spokesman said . "  If a patient is under suspicion for a serious offense , the police department involved in the case typically posts an officer on site during the period of the hospitalization , " the hospital said . Gary police say that they have no jurisdiction in Illinois , and that prevented them from having someone guarding Cherry . "  I do n't know what a better scenario would be , " King , the police spokeswoman , said , adding that "  we really do n't know who is responsible " for Cherry slipping through the cracks . Gary police could have asked the Cook County Sheriff 's Office in Illinois to monitor the suspect . That was n't done . "  Unfortunately , our investigators assumed because he was unconscious that the hospital would give the detective a call before he was released , " Chief Wade Ingram told WLS . Police are searching for the murder suspect , though there are few clues other than he was discharged from the hospital , King said . It 's an emotional blow for a family that 's already lost so much . "  It 's like our whole family is falling apart due to this . We are falling apart , " Lourdes deJesus Correa said . "  Please , I just want justice for my son . For my family . That 's all I want . "	NEW : "  We really do n't know who is responsible " for Cherry slipping away , police say Cherry was injured during a home invasion he allegedly committed He walked out of the hospital after he recovered Police say they did n't have the manpower to monitor him and he 's still on the run
CNN  -- Five-time grand slam singles winner Martina Hingis is to make a return to the WTA Tour later this month in a tournament in the United States . The 32-year-old Swiss officially retired for the second time back in 2007 , but has entered the doubles at the Southern California Open in Carlsbad , partnering Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia . Hingis , who was inducted into the International Tennis Hall Of Fame in Newport last weekend , is looking forward to returning to the fray at the tournament , which begins on July 27 . "  I feel in good shape at the moment after playing World Team Tennis , " she told the official WTA website . "  My competitive spirit is still very much alive and I love being out on court . " Hingis , who also won nine grand slam doubles titles in a glittering career , teamed up with Hantuchova in the final three events she played in her first comeback . "  We are honored to have such a great champion choose to make the Southern California Open her first tournament back on tour , " said tournament director Alastair Garland . Hingis cut short that comeback when it was revealed she had tested positive for a metabolite of cocaine after her third round loss at Wimbledon six years ago . She maintained her innocence , but was banned for two years by the International Tennis Federation . Hingis first burst on to the scene in 1996 by pairing with Helena Sukova to win a grand slam doubles title while only 15 years of age . The following year she became the youngest ever grand slam singles winner at 16 years three months in the Australian Open before becoming the youngest World No. 1 in history . Injuries forced her first retirement in 2002 before she returned four years later , but without recapturing her former dominance . There is no indication if Hingis will extend her second comeback to singles competition , but has been successful with Washington Kastles in team tennis . If she does decide to go down that route , Hingis will find that one of her former arch rivals Serena Williams is still in formidable form . The World No. 1 suffered a shock defeat at Wimbledon to Sabine Lisicki , but returned to competitive action Tuesday with a straights sets dismissal of Sesil Karatantcheva at the Bastad Open in Sweden . Williams won 6-1 6-2 in the clay court event , extending her record for the year to 47-3 , and delighting a packed center court crowd . "  I definitely did n't expect that . I walked out and I felt honored . That 's one of the reasons I love to play , to come to countries I 've never been to and play in front of a packed stadium . It 's just great , " she told the official WTA website . Williams will next play Anna Tatishvili of Georgia , who beat Swiss wildcard and junior Wimbledon champion Belinda Bencic 2-6 6-4 6-4 .	Martina Hingis returns to competitive action on WTA Tour 32-year-old to partner Daniel Hantuchova in doubles at event in California Hall of Famer retired for second time in 2007 Serena Williams wins first match since surprise Wimbledon defeat
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Police evacuated a major department store in central Paris Tuesday after finding five sticks of dynamite inside , French police told CNN . Paris 's Printemps department store , which has been hit by a security alert , pictured last month . CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported the dynamite was not rigged to explode , but police did not immediately confirm the report . French news agency AFP said it received a letter in the mail Tuesday morning , claiming to be from an Afghan revolutionary group and saying that a bomb was at the renowned Printemps department store . The news agency alerted the police , who evacuated the store , AFP told CNN . The letter specified three locations where explosives had been placed , and urged the news agency to contact the police "  quickly or you will have blood on your hands , " according to a copy of the letter obtained by CNN which AFP confirmed was accurate . "  I assure you that this is not a prank , " the letter said . The bomb squad found the dynamite around 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  , police said . It is not clear if the explosives were found where the letter said they would be . See where Printemps is located in Paris " AFP said the letter was signed by a group called "  Front Revolutionaires Afghan , " or Afghan Revolutionary Front . BFM-TV reported the group is calling for the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan by the end of February 2009 . "  Make sure the message is relayed to your president of the republic that he withdraw his troops from our country  Afghanistan  before the end of February 2009 or we will strike again your capitalist department stores but without warning , " the letter said . It is the second time in a week that AFP has received a warning about the store . The agency said it received a phone call from a similar Afghan group a few days ago regarding the store , but at the time , police chose not to evacuate . Printemps , one of France 's most renowned stores , is popular with tourists and locals alike and located on the Boulevard Haussman . Most of the store reopened later in the day , although the area where the dynamite was found remained closed . Jim Bittermann , CNN 's senior European correspondent based in Paris , said : "  These kind of stores at this time of year are absolutely packed with shoppers . " He added that France has a considerable number of troops in Afghanistan . In August , 10 French soldiers were killed in fighting near the Afghan capital Kabul . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said earlier this year that his government was willing to commit more troops to the war in Afghanistan . "  We can not afford to see the Taliban and al Qaeda returning to Kabul , " Sarkozy said during a state visit to the UK in March . "  Whatever the cost , however difficult the victory , we can not afford it . We must win . " Paula Newton , CNN 's international security correspondent , said that the group involved was previously unheard of . "  This may be termed a hoax attack but it will cause real anxiety on the ground . " CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Niki Cook contributed to this report	Bomb squad found the suspicious package around 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET Police : Could not confirm French TV reports that package contained dynamite Printemps is an upscale department store on the Boulevard Haussman Alert came after letter from group claiming Afghan links , criticizes Sarkozy
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Dozens of people were injured Friday in a high-speed ferry boat accident off of Hong Kong 's coast . The boat struck an unknown object near Sunshine Island around 1:20 a.m. , a government spokeswoman said . About an hour and a half later , it returned to the Hong Kong-Macau Ferry Terminal , where emergency crews rushed injured victims to hospitals , she said . At least 85 people were injured -- six seriously , according to Hong Kong 's Fire Services Department . There were 107 passengers and 10 crew members aboard the ferry at the time of the incident , officials said . It was not immediately clear what caused the crash . Last year , dozens of people were killed after two ferry boats collided in Hong Kong 's harbor .	At least 85 people are injured , 6 seriously A high-speed ferry strikes an unknown object near Sunshine Island It is not immediately clear what caused the crash
CNN  -- Rotterdam is home to Europe 's largest international port . But as countless vessels pass through the bustling shipping hub each day , the environmental toll is far from light . In fact , Rotterdam emits a whopping 29.8 tonnes of carbon per capita , one of the highest in the world . In comparison , the Dutch city beats London 's carbon emissions at 9.6 tonnes per capita and Shanghai at 11.7 tonnes per capita . To put that into perspective , the global average is about 4.6 tonnes per capita . Now Mayor Ahmed Aboutaleb has plans to make Rotterdam the most sustainable port city in the world by cutting its carbon footprint by 50 percent . With a greener future ahead , CNN takes a look at five sustainable initiatives planned for the Dutch port city . 1 . Floating homes To cope with rising sea levels , Rotterdam plans to build floating urban districts calling for 13,000 climate-proof floating homes in by 2040 -- of which around 1,200 would be built on top of the water . To showcase how this might work , the Rotterdam Climate Initiative commissioned the "  Floating Pavilion " . Constructed by Dura Vermeer , the three transparent interconnected domes are perfectly positioned in the Rotterdam City Harbor , Rijnhaven . Not only is the structure almost entirely self sufficient due to the solar powered heating and air conditioning , it 's also built with a special plastic material , which is 100 times lighter than glass . 2 . Water plazas Rotterdam 's waterways may be responsible for a bulk of the city 's prosperity -- but that 's not to say that the day to day living below sea level is easy for its residents . To combat the heavy rainfall , urban design and planning company De Urbanisten came up with the concept of constructing water plazas that serve as the perfect solution to holding excess water and take the pressure off the sewerage system . When the city 's water system has enough capacity , the rainwater in the plaza can be diverted to the nearest open water . What 's more is the water plazas can also be used as a playground when dry . Read more : One thing you 'd change in your city 3 . Green rooftop revolution Nothing paints a more sustainable urban picture than green rooftops . While Rotterdam already has some 100,000 square meters of sprawling green across its skyline , the city expects to cover 160,000 square meters by the end of 2014 . To spur the green rooftop movement , Rotterdam kicked off a scheme to help residents fund the installments . Not only do green patches provide a buffer to help absorb excess rainwater , but they also clear the atmosphere and slow down roof erosion , according to Rotterdam Climate Initiative . So far , you can find the greenery on top of a slew of the city 's buildings including the Municipal Archives , the Central Library , the head office of Unilever Nederland , the Maasstad Hospital , the Sophia Children 's Hospital and the museum Villa Zebra . 4 . Sustainable port Rotterdam 's Port Authority says it wants to become the most sustainable port city in the world by 2015 and it has also committed to cutting its carbon emissions by half of 1990s levels by 2025 . One way it hopes to reach this goal is by allocating 80 hectars of land around the port to biobased companies . While Rotterdam has more than 45 chemical companies , five oil refineries and several power plants , the port also houses 10 production companies that use renewable energy as their raw material . Dutch scientists have also examined how to better capture and store CO2 emissions by developing a new ship coating that will lower algae growth . Another proposition in the works is to examine the usage of new collapsible containers that could save space and in turn cut trips . Read more : Rise of London 's pedal culture 5 . Public transport for nature A sustainable city is one that looks after not only its human population , but also its wildlife , plants and insects . That 's why Rotterdam 's landscape architecture firm Openfabric has proposed a way to utilize the city 's public transport network to "  make them suitable for both humans and the biodiversity " . Dubbed "  Diverse Networks " , the initiative would allow them to link up some of the hotspots for the city 's wildlife . Rotterdam 's public transportation could be transformed into green corridors that could bring butterflies , dragonflies , crickets and grasshoppers into the city center . If implemented , bus stops and metro stations could provide shelter for the people and foraging for the birds and insects .	Rotterdam 's population totals 615,000 90 % of the city is below sea level and is therefore facing a high risk of flooding . Rotterdam aims to become the most sustainable port city in the world .
CNN  Her body was left on a riverbed next to a cemetery , burned and abandoned , found just days after her family reported her missing . Now , a nation is protesting -- viewing her murder , according to one petition , as a symbol of the growing trend of violence against women in Turkey . The government is promising to punish her attackers and do more to protect others like her . Three suspects have been arrested in the murder of Ozgecan Aslan , 20 , whose body was found Friday in Mersin 's Tarsus district in southern Turkey , according to the country 's semiofficial news agency Anadolu . She was reported missing Wednesday . Aslan allegedly fought a sexual assault before being killed by the driver of a bus she 'd taken to go home , Anadolu reported . She was a first-year university student . Her body was covered in gasoline , burned and then dumped in a riverbed , police in Mersin said in a statement . Her funeral was held Saturday in her hometown , the same day protesters marched in Istanbul and Ankara . "  You will never walk alone , " Anadolu reported they shouted . "  We will put an end to female homicides . " The demonstrators carried banners , and images of the glasses-clad , long-haired Aslan , chanting : "  We are here today . We revolt and we will continue to revolt until this stops . " Protesters have also taken to the Internet , and their cries have been heard at the highest levels of government . The hashtag #OzgecanAslan renders thousands of tweets , updating hundreds every hour . On Monday , the country 's president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , used Twitter to tell the country : "  To make sure the perpetrators who brutally slayed our daughter , Ozgecan , get the heaviest punishment that they deserve , I will personally pursue this lawsuit . " An online petition calling for institutions to step up and take responsibility for attacks like the one on Aslan has so far gathered more than 600,000 signatures . According to Anadolu , the daughters of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- Sumeyye Erdogan and Esra Albayrak -- visited Aslan 's family on Sunday . "  It is a very terrible situation , " Sumeyye Erdogan reportedly said after the visit . "  We 've come here in order to be able to share their sorrow . Our actual aim is for those murderers to be punished in an effective way . " CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Ozgecan Aslan , 20 , allegedly fought a sexual assault before being killed Her body was covered in gasoline , burned and then dumped in a riverbed Protesters march in Istanbul and Ankara and express outrage on social media
CNN  -- The Guardian is gone . What was left of the former U.S. Navy minesweeper was lifted off a Philippine reef on Saturday . "  The stern was lifted around 1:50 p.m. , " Philippine Coast Guard Palawan District head Commodore Enrico Efren Evangelista told the state-run Philippine News Agency . It was the last of the four sections of the wood and fiberglass hull the USS Guardian had been cut into in the effort to remove it from where it ran aground on January 17 . Bow cut from U.S. ship The 250-ton stern segment was placed aboard a waiting barge . "  As the hull has been removed , the team is now shifting their effort to collecting minor debris that remains on the reef , " the head of the salvage operation , Navy Capt. Mark Matthews , said in a statement . "  We also have a collaborative team from the U.S. and the Philippines beginning to assess the condition of the reef . " The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters  about 43,000 square feet  of the reef , a UNESCO World Heritage site that is home to about 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral , as well as whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds . The Navy has pledged to clean up the debris created when waves stripped off pieces of fiberglass covering the wooden hull of the ship and to try to restore the reef as much as possible . "  With this complete  the second phase which is the assessment and recovery phase  for the damaged reef  begins , " Evangelista said . "  Every salvage operation presents unique challenges . It has been difficult to extract the Guardian without causing further damage to the reef , but the U.S. Navy and SMIT salvage team with support from other companies and the government of the Philippines have really done a superb job . I could not be more proud , " Matthews said . "  We continue to work closely with the Philippine Coast Guard , Navy and Tubbataha Reef Park Rangers , and we are grateful for the support we have received to remove Guardian and minimize further damage to the reef . " An investigation into the grounding is ongoing , but Navy officials said in January that the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy , has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles . While the removal of the stern from the reef may visually mark the end of the Guardian , the ship was officially stricken from the U.S. Navy registry in February . Navy communications now refer to it as the Ex-Guardian . It has been replaced in the Pacific by the USS Warrior , which arrived at the U.S. naval base in Sasebo , Japan , earlier this month . The Guardian 's crew will take over operation of the Warrior .	The grounded U.S. Navy minesweeper was removed from a Philippine reef Saturday The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters of the reef The USS Guardian ran aground on January 17
CNN  -- Have you ever put on a full-body wetsuit ? It takes some time . Lots of pulling , tugging and wriggling around to get it in the perfect position . In early June , I raced my first triathlon relay , completing the swim and run portions . It took three people -- my mom , my sister and my relay partner -- to help me get into my wetsuit . I joked that day that it "  takes a village to get me in my wetsuit . " As with any joke , there is a kernel of truth in that statement . Upon hearing that I had been selected for the Fit Nation team , I immediately began to imagine what the upcoming months of training would hold . I envisioned myself running , biking , swimming and eating super-nutritious meals . In all of these scenarios , I was alone . After all , triathlon is not a team sport , right ? Wrong . It takes a village to train for a triathlon , and I have an amazing tribe by my side ! Reflecting on the sheer quantity , not to mention impeccable quality , of folks who are sharing this journey with me brings tears of gratitude to my eyes . Sometimes you just have to lose control My relationship with my husband , Scott , has deepened through shared bike rides , running sessions and healthy meal planning . My 7-year old-daughter , Annissa , cheers me on at races , does squats and sit-ups with me and tells strangers her mommy is strong  and famous  ! My local mentors , Geoff and Tracy Chandler , were strangers at this time last year . Now I ca n't imagine my life without them . Geoff has generously offered invaluable advice from his more than 30 years of racing experience . Tracy is my constant training buddy . We meet up for runs , rides and races , and she pushes me to get outside my comfort zone . Professional triathlete and Xterra world champ Lesley Paterson has become my friend and mentor . At her invitation , I participated in her extraordinary training boot camp . More important , I attended a talk Lesley gave about her journey to Xterra triathlon , in which she was brutally honest about her failures as well as her successes . Hearing an athlete at her level speak so openly of her struggles empowered me to take more risks , in triathlon and in other areas of my life . I met local coaches Doug Robinson and Heather Pickey at my second triathlon relay . They offered to help me with my swim form through weekly clinics they hold at my local YMCA . Their expertise and encouragement is taking my swim fitness to the next level . Work out what matters most : your mind Laura Minor , owner of a local boutique gym , has welcomed me with open arms . I strength train there three times a week with trainer Cori McCorkle . Cori 's enthusiasm for my triathlon challenge is undeniable . She spends time researching new exercises geared toward triathletes to maximize my gym time . Laura and Cori are not only helping me build muscle ; they are helping me build confidence . I 've rekindled old friendships and moved existing friendships forward . Instead of meeting for dinner and drinks , I bike with my friend Jayme and go to Spin class with my pal Sarah . While on vacation in Tucson in April , I met up with my former colleague Melinda for a run . I 'm currently making plans for a long bike ride with Damian , a friend from primary school . You can build your own village . Tell friends about your goals and invite them to training sessions . Talk to strangers at the gym , on the track , on the trail and at your race . Introduce yourself , ask them about their training goals , and surround yourself with friends and supporters who help move you forward . And give back . As you gain experience , share your knowledge with new athletes . So what 's stopping you ? Take the first step and tell the world you are ready to tri . You 'll be amazed at how quickly your village will grow . Follow McMahon on Twitter @TriHardTabitha	When she joined Fit Nation , Tabitha McMahon imagined running , biking , swimming alone Now , McMahon runs and bikes with her husband , does strength training with her daughter She also has several coaches and mentors who have helped her along the way
CNN  -- A British fugitive wanted for fleeing his 2009 trial on armed robbery charges was back in custody Sunday after a dramatic raid on a villa in southern Spain , British authorities announced Sunday . Spanish police video of the raid shows Andrew Moran attempting to jump a poolside wall to escape officers during the Friday afternoon raid in Alicante , on the Mediterranean coast . Moran had been relaxing by the pool before the raid , Britain 's Serious Organised Crime Agency said . Moran , 31 , had been convicted in absentia of conspiracy to commit armed robbery for the 2005 holdup of a Royal Mail vehicle . A security guard was injured , and Moran and an accomplice got away with 25,000 pounds  $ 38,000  , the agency said . Moran was standing trial in Burnley , in northwestern England , in February 2009 when he attacked four security guards , vaulted out of the dock and escaped . He lived in Spain under a series of false identities , "  frequently changing his appearance , " Matt Burton , the organized crime agency 's head of investigations , said in a statement announcing his capture . Moran is scheduled to appear before a judge in Madrid to face an extradition request on Monday , the statement said . He had escaped an earlier arrest attempt , in November , by ramming police cars and driving off the wrong way down a highway . His accomplice , Stephen Devalda , was arrested in Spain in 2011 in a joint operation between Spanish and British authorities and has been sentenced to nearly 10 years in prison .	Andrew Moran fled his 2009 robbery trial , police say He was arrested by a pool in southern Spain His accused accomplice was arrested in Spain in 2011
CIA Director John Brennan apologized to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday and admitted the agency spied on computers used by its staffers who prepared an investigation of the controversial post 9/11 CIA interrogation and detention program . The episode was the subject of an unusual , public dispute between the panel and the spy agency over access to classified information . The CIA had accused the committee staffers of getting access to internal agency documents and of improperly handling classified material . The Justice Department looked into it at the request of the CIA and decided there was n't enough evidence of a crime to warrant further investigation . IG weighs in But the CIA 's inspector general , a watchdog , found that some agency employees "  acted in a manner inconsistent with the common understanding " reached between the intelligence panel and the CIA in 2009 regarding access to information , the CIA said in a statement . "  The director subsequently informed the  committee  chairman and vice chairman of the findings and apologized to them for such actions by CIA officers as described in the  inspector general 's  report , " the statement said . "  The director is committed to correcting any shortcomings related to this matter " and is commissioning an Accountability Board to be chaired by former Indiana Democratic senator and Intelligence Committee member Evan Bayh , the CIA said . "  This board will review the  inspector general 's  report , conduct interviews as needed , and provide the director with recommendations that , depending on its findings , could include potential disciplinary measures and/or steps to address systemic issues . " the CIA added . The intelligence panel report could be released to the public as soon as next week , congressional sources from each party said this week . Saxby Chambliss , a Republican of Georgia and the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee , said he was disappointed by the whole thing . "  Obviously this is a very serious situation and these are serious violations . The individuals who breached the  committee  computer , I think , are going to have to be dealt with , I think , very harshly by the CIA , " he said . "  But it 's in the director 's hands . " Report to be released The document is a nearly 700-page summary of the full 6,800-page report that was approved a year and a half ago by the committee , which was sharply divided along party lines . Senators on the committee have indicated the report is critical of the CIA 's treatment of terrorism suspects saying it amounted to torture , something CIA officials have denied . It also finds that harsh interrogation techniques did not help disrupt future attacks as many in intelligence community have claimed . The documents that prompted the dispute related to an internal review by former CIA Director Leon Panetta and , according to the agency , were intended to help summarize material it was providing to the committee for its investigation of the program . The documents were plainly labeled as for internal use and were not supposed to be reviewed by the committee , according to the CIA . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said Senate staffers found the documents in the course of their work that were put in the computer system either on purpose by a whistleblower or perhaps in error , and that they corroborated some of the committee 's findings that the agency now says it disagrees with . She said committee staff routinely sees such documents and did n't violate any classified restrictions .	CIA Director John Brennan apologized for incident involving intelligence panel Allegations involved spying on committee staffers working on a report on CIA interrogations The Justice Department probed the matter briefly , but dropped the inquiry But the CIA inspector general found some problems for which Brennan apologized
Jobs expert Mike Rowe , host of CNN 's new series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " took a chance Wednesday . For a little more than an hour , Rowe allowed himself to be asked ANYTHING , by anyone . Rowe sat down for a Reddit Ask Me Anything online chat , where he dished about : -- The job that disgusted him the most -- What it 's like working for CNN -- How his fear of the Mob affected his decision to showcase a certain job After more than 2,900 comments , here 's the good stuff . Some of it has been edited for length .  For the full transcript , follow the permalinks . 1 . Forbidden jobs : Q : "  What dirty jobs did you always want to do but the network or producers would n't let you do ?  too dangerous , inappropriate , so on  , " asked SSJStarwind16 . Rowe : "  The segments I was most interested in doing but found the most resistance around was that of a rendering facility . ... the Mob is still involved in a surprising number of rendering facilities . Why the Mob has such a rich history in garbage-related industries and rendering-related industries is a conversation beyond my pay grade . I only know how relieved I was to finally find a rendering outfit that was not owned or operated by the Cosa Nostra . "  That facility was in Northern California . And they were called North State Rendering . "  To this day , I 'm impressed with how brave they were in their decision to let us provide our viewers with an unvarnished look at what it takes to turn a dead cow into several hundred pounds of chicken feed . " Permalink 2 . Shockingly awful jobs : Q : "  What job shocked you the most by finding out how awful it really was ? " asked nomadbishop . Rowe : "  In the Coast Guard , buoy tenders are responsible for hoisting these giant steel contraptions out of the ocean , and refurbishing them . "  In this case , "  refurbishment " means crawling into a woefully inadequate tube not much larger than the space taken up by your shoulders , and wiggling your way like a worm into the shadowy depths whereupon you begin to remove the barnacles and various other forms of nautical life with a stick or some other improvised tool . " Permalink Later , AmerikanInfidel posted that he or she used to do that job , saying , "  Buoy guy here . Can concur . Once you start scraping that s ** t off and things start crawling around you and dripping down your neck you have got to question the honesty of your recruiter . " Permalink 3 . His CNN job : Q : "  How has the transition to CNN been ? Also , what was the reason for the move ? " asked GoldenRy007 . Rowe : "  The truth is , it 's become very difficult to produce a show with no second takes , and no script , because the people in charge of putting them on the air would prefer to control them , in the same way an executive might be able to control an episode of ` The Big Bang Theory . ' "  It occurred to me that networks like FOX and CNN were not just news outlets , but fundamentally , nonfiction outlets . "  CNN , in particular , was very interested in exploring alternative forms of programming , very similar to ` Dirty Jobs . ' "  In short , they 've been great to work with . "  And as long as headlines like Ebola , and ISIS , and terrorism , and natural disasters do n't completely dominate the landscape , I think there will be room for ` Somebody 's Got ta Do It ' and other shows like it . " Permalink 4 . Making friends on the job : Q : "  Do you keep in touch with any of the people you met at any of your dirty jobs ? " asked Chinooah . Rowe : "  Too many to mention . "  Although I will mention one . There is a farm , in Northwest Indiana , called Fair Oaks . Mike and Sue run one of the largest dairies in the Midwest . We first shot there back in 2006 , and Mike trusted me to not only deliver a dozen cows on a cold winter 's evening , he allowed me to perform a cesarean . "  After that , he invited the crew and I to stay with them for the evening , and several days afterward . Which we did . "  To this day , none of us are allowed to fly over Indiana without first landing in Chicago , and driving to Fair Oaks to drink their wine , and their delicious milk . But mostly , their wine . " Permalink 5 . ` Worst advice i 've ever heard ' : Q : "  If you went to a guidance counselor in high school , what would he/she have said your ideal job would be ? " asked cjmarc . Rowe : "  I did go to a guidance counselor in high school , his name was Mr. Dunbar , and he gave me the worst advice I 've ever heard . "  He told me that my desire to attend a two-year community college was ` beneath my potential . ' "  As it turns out , the two-year school I ultimately attended allowed me to experiment , and explore all kinds of studies that I simply would not have been able to afford at the university . "  Consequently , I got on the road that brought me to where I 'm sitting now . "  Although , to be fair , I should point out that the road also led through several miles of sewer pipes . " Permalink	TV host says fear of the mob temporarily deterred him from featuring a type of job "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It " Host Mike Rowe : "  CNN has been great to work with " Of all the folks he has met , Rowe reveals which ones he keeps in touch with Rowe reveals bad advice from his high school guidance counselor
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The image lasts just four seconds , flashed on the screen during the opening sequence of a Filipino news program posted online . It 's of an elderly man kneeling on a church pew , his lips moving as though in prayer , and it 's given new hope to a woman in Hong Kong who has n't heard from 30 members of her family since Super Typhoon Haiyan smashed into Tacloban in the Philippines last Friday . "  We think this is my uncle ! They look identical ! " Daisy Nemeth wrote in an email to CNN , after receiving an overnight message from her sister , Merceditas Tan stergaard , in Denmark , who 's been scanning online news in the hope of seeing a familiar face . And there it was . The lone , elderly man in silent prayer bears a striking resemblance to 68-year-old Rogelio Tan , the patriarch of the sprawling Tan family who all but disappeared during the storm . "  She was staring at the video clips and he was there in one of them . But his wife was n't and his children were n't , " Nemeth said from her home in Hong Kong , her joy of seeing her uncle tempered by the thought of those who were n't there , or could n't be seen . The family recognizes the church as the Santo Ni  o Church de Tacloban , a distinctive pink Roman Catholic Church just one block from the coast where a devastating storm surge swept in , killing hundreds , if not thousands of people . The church withstood the storm , though its towering spire has been stripped of its roofing , as has most of the main building . Yet , it was there that the man suspected to be Tan can be seen praying , as he has done countless times before . His family lived just streets away . The possible reappearance of her uncle four days after the typhoon was not the only news raising Nemeth 's hopes that more relatives can be found . On the same day , it emerged her cousin Hazel Tan and her five children , aged between nine and 19 , had made it out of the storm . Nemeth has no idea how or where they are , but a family member passed on the news that they 're safe and have since left Tacloban . Nemeth says she expected to feel elation after finding some members of her missing family , but days of worry have left her emotionally exhausted . "  You think about what 's going to happen when you find them , that it 's going to be relief and joy and happiness and it was n't , " she said . "  I checked them off the list and moved onto my uncle . And now I 've checked him off the list , now I 'm moving on to someone else . There 's so much going on , feeling relief is impossible in this situation . " Her thoughts have now turned to her other cousin , Rogelio Tan Jr. , his wife Vanessa , and their three young children , aged from four to eight years old . The Super Typhoon hit the Philippines coast just before 5 a.m. last Friday , flattening buildings , swamping homes and businesses with flood water and leaving a trail of destruction authorities and locals are still trying to comprehend . "  I 'm so tired at this point . I 'm not negative about the situation but whatever happens , happens , at this point , " Nemeth said . "  But I want the kids out . The thought of them living with bodies lining the streets -- it 's pure misery there , "	Elderly man seen on Filipino news channel could be missing uncle Daisy Nemeth 's sister saw him in a quick shot during a news report , posted online Nemeth has been looking for 30 members of her family missing since the typhoon hit Tacloban Nothing was heard from them for days after Super Typhoon Haiyan hit on Friday
There 's no shortage of harrowing stories of life under Islamist militants in northern Mali . Public floggings for smoking a cigarette . Brutal beatings for working as a radio journalist . Broken limbs . Broken hearts . "  For the Islamists , a human being is like an ant you squash , like an animal you slaughter , " said Sedou Sangare , a resident of the northern town of Gao . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? Gao was once a vibrant community filled with colorful camel caravans lazily strolling down the streets . Bearded men and beaded women mingled freely . Then the Islamists rode in on rundown pickup trucks , armed to the teeth . They banned smoking , television , sports and music -- a major setback for the northern region known for its "  Festival au Desert . " They forbade unwed men and women from mixing in public . An offensive led by France is aiming to stop the militants from expanding their reach to the capital of Mali . But the north remains under the Islamists ' iron grip . Read more : United States , Italy lend support for French in Mali ` Everybody panicked ' Though Gao has a majority Muslim population , most residents practice a more relaxed form of the religion . After militants started imposing a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia , throngs took to the streets in protest . "  When they declared Sharia , everybody panicked , " Sangare said . "  Christians , Muslims , everybody fled . " But the protests did not deter the militants , who publicly punished anyone who defied their teachings . Read more : ` Many deaths ' as Malians , joined by French , try to beat back Islamist militants In August last year , they forced a couple allegedly having an affair into two holes and stoned them to death as terrified residents quietly watched . Lists of public and cruel punishments grew . Floggings , executions , amputations -- all in full view of aghast residents . The Islamists compiled a list of unmarried mothers , saying Sharia law condemns relationships outside marriage . A mayor -- and his people -- displaced Mayor Sadou Diallo misses residents of his desert town of Gao , most of whom fled to Bamako when militants took over . About 229,000 Malians have been displaced -- mainly from Kidal , Timbuktu , and Gao , according to the United Nations . He is one of the displaced . A former respected community leader , trying to rebuild , just like his people . Residents of the north , once proud of the vibrant desert communities near River Niger , say the region is a shadow of what it used to be . Read more : France determined to ` eradicate ' terrorism in Mali , official says "  Home is not sweet anymore , " said Fadimata Alainchar , a charity worker and native of nearby Timbuktu . A recent visit to her hometown left her shaken . "  When entering the city , the signboard which was : "  Welcome to Timbuktu the City of 333 Saints " is now "  Welcome to Timbuktu , the gate to the application of the Shariya , " she said in a submission to CNN 's iReport . The fabled city includes ancient tombs and wooden structures dating to the 15th century , a major part of its cultural heritage . And those are not the only changes . Women who do n't cover their bodies in accordance to the militants ' Sharia law , are imprisoned or raped , she said . Their husbands , terrified of killings and amputations , do n't utter a word . And gunshots are a common sound . "  If not to disperse women marching , it is to kill dogs that are barking and preventing the insurgents from sleeping , " Alainchar said . "  Home has changed . Before it was peace , joy and love . Now it is shame , terror and abuse . " Read more : At least 37 hostages killed in Algeria gas plant standoff , prime minister says "  I prefer dying " Stories of cruel punishments abound . Radio journalist Malik Maiga faced the militants ' wrath when he used his show to warn residents of public stoning or floggings . Islamists singled him out , beat him up and left him in a cemetery . He survived and is among the displaced in Bamako . Maiga is not the only journalist targeted . Last week , another radio journalist was killed , leading Gao residents to retaliate by killing a militant leader . Then there 's Suleyman and Muktar , former truck drivers , accused of stealing . Their limbs were hacked off . They are jobless and wander around the capital . "  I prefer dying to being like this , " Muktar said . "  My hand hurts , my heart aches . I only have God to ask for help . " Mali descended into chaos last year , when junior military members seized power in a coup . Outraged soldiers accused the government of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the north . Tuareg rebels took advantage of the power vacuum after the coup and seized some parts of the north . A power struggle erupted between the rebels and local Islamists , leading the latter to topple the tribe and seize control of two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . Hope amid chaos The crisis in the north has prompted fears that the al Qaeda-linked extremists will set up shop there . It is "  a serious , ongoing threat , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned Wednesday . The French offensive to help the government in its former colony aims to stop the militants from using the vast desert area as a training ground for international attacks . "  We are in for a struggle . We can not permit northern Mali to become a safe haven " for terrorists , Clinton said . International troops from West African nations such as Nigeria are joining the effort to restore some normalcy to the north . Amid the strife and despair , citizens of the former French colony remain hopeful . And as French combat helicopters fly overhead , crowds below erupt into cheers . But in northern Mali , at least for now , there is little to smile about .	"  For the Islamists , a human being is like an ant you squash , " Gao resident says Residents : Once vibrant northern Mali is now a shadow of itself "  Home is not sweet anymore , " Timbuktu native says An offensive led by French troops is aimed at flushing out the militants
CNN  -- Early next year , British legislators will introduce a measure allowing gay marriage in England and Wales . Maria Miller , the Minister for Women and Equalities , issued a statement Tuesday announcing the plans . She added that the proposed legislation aims to "  create watertight protections for religious organizations " that do n't want to conduct same-sex marriages . Those groups would n't be forced to perform same-sex marriages by law ; they would have a choice to "  opt in . " In addition , the Church of England and "  the Church in Wales " would be prohibited from performing such marriages unless the churches ' governing bodies change canon law , which currently prohibits it , the ministry said in a news release . "  Marriage is one of the most important institutions we have in this country , " Miller said in the release . "  It binds us together , brings long-term commitment and stability , and makes society stronger . Our proposals mean that marriage would be available to everyone . "  I feel strongly that , if a couple wish to show their love and commitment to each other , the state should not stand in their way , " she continued . "  These changes will strengthen marriage in our society and ensure that it remains a modern and vibrant tradition . And we are also building a fairer society for all . " Miller said the legislation would allow same-sex couples to get married in civil ceremonies and would guard against anyone in England or Wales , or within Europe , challenging the law in court . European law protects religious freedom under Article 9 of the European Convention on Human Rights . Elsewhere in Great Britain , the Scottish Parliament is moving toward its own legislation on same-sex marriage while the Northern Ireland Assembly rejected a measure on the issue in October .	Minister for Women : Granting same-sex marriage rights can strengthen society Maria Miller adds that religious groups would not be forced to perform same-sex marriages Lawmakers are expected to introduce legislation early next year
CNN  -- Just in time for Halloween , the new season of "  American Horror Story " has fans checking for monsters -- actually , make that clowns -- under the bed . Brad Falchuck and Ryan Murphy 's acclaimed anthology series debuted its fourth season Wednesday night , this time taking viewers inside a carnival of "  curiosities " stationed in Jupiter , Florida , in 1952 . "  American Horror Story 's " previous seasons have involved a haunted house , an asylum and a coven of witches . Several of the FX series ' usual players are back , including Jessica Lange as the show 's ringleader ; Evan Peters as Jimmy Darling , a.k.a. the housewife-pleasing "  Lobster Boy " ; Kathy Bates as Ethel , the "  bearded lady " ; Angela Bassett as the three-breasted Desiree Dupree ; and Sarah Paulson as conjoined twins Bette and Dot -- and yes , Paulson plays both parts . "  Bringing her to walking , talking two-headed life is achievement enough . ... But the real special effect is Paulson , who invests the two sisters with such distinct personalities , " said Time magazine 's James Poniewozik in a review . "  The way the two Paulsons carry themselves and react to each other -- even argue -- is a triumph of both editing and performance . She 's her own best co-star , playing her own worst enemy . " In addition to these '50s - era sideshow stars , there 's someone else lurking around town : John Carroll Lynch 's incredibly creepy clown , Twisty , who happens to have a penchant for murder and kidnapping . In other words , exactly what you want to see right before you turn out the lights . It was apparently a bit much for some . But reaction from critics has been more mixed . " ` Freak Show ' ... still has the high style we 've grown to expect , " said the New York Times ' Mike Hale . "  And it still has plenty of clever touches in word and picture ... But it 's not particularly scary , and does n't even feel that creepy or freakish , despite the sideshow setting and the obvious attempt to emulate one of the eeriest of American movies , Tod Browning 's ` Freaks , ' from 1932 . " Entertainment Weekly agreed that "  American Horror Story : Freak Show " owes much to that 1932 film but adds that "  Murphy and Falchuk pay homage to that movie while skillfully mixing fresh aspects with the familiar . ` AHS ' may no longer have the element of surprise on its side , but it remains , to quote the lyrics of a certain David Bowie tune performed by  Jessica  Lange , the freakiest show . " New York Magazine 's Vulture cautioned that it 's too early to tell , but at least "  on the basis of its first two episodes , " "  American Horror Story : Freak Show " appears "  to be the best  season  yet , or at the very least , the best directed . "	"  American Horror Story : Freak Show " premiered Wednesday It 's the fourth installment in the FX miniseries Some viewers were sufficiently scared
CNN  -- Egyptian author Ahmed Mourad published his first novel in 2007 , a political thriller on corruption in the regime of former president Hosni Mubarak . But he was taking a risk writing about the regime ; his day job was as Mubarak 's personal photographer . As the novel "  Vertigo " is published for the first time in English , Mourad discussed the conflict he felt during 10 years photographing his president . "  I was with Mubarak in the mornings and wrote against him in the evenings , " said Mourad . "  I felt it was the most dangerous decision I made by writing about Mubarak 's regime and the people around him , but I would not forgive myself if I did n't write . I decided that if anything happened to me it was God 's will . " Mourad , 33 , was with Mubarak throughout the revolution and the 18 days of uprising that led to his resignation in February , and could not join the protesters in Tahrir Square . "  I was involved in my heart , " he said . He will not discuss the period in detail , except to say it was "  horrible " to be with Mubarak at that time , but says he will write a book about it in the future . Mubarak is currently on trial , accused of ordering the killing of protesters and corruption . He has denied the charges . Mourad said : "  It took courage to write about the regime while it was in power , but not once it is gone . "  Maybe in 10 years time -- or when everything has settled down -- I will write about it . "  I will write an eyewitness account as someone who worked with him for 10 years ; the good and the bad . No one just has a bad side . " He added : "  The first half of Mubarak 's era he was trying to be a good president , but in the last 10 to 13 years he began to relax and collect money , comfort and respect . He became a scarecrow , not a real president . " Mourad 's novel "  Vertigo , " which sold 11,000 copies in Egypt , features a society photographer who witnesses a multiple murder in a Cairo nightclub and is then forced to go into hiding in the ensuing cover-up . It "  exposes the seedy underbelly of life in Mubarak 's Egypt , " according to its English-language publisher Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation . Mourad subsequently wrote a second political thriller about corruption -- again while working for Mubarak -- which is currently being adapted into a film . He is currently working on his third novel , but will take a break from the political corruption theme . Mourad is still an official government photographer , waiting for a new president to take over from his former boss . He said : "  The corruption still happens . It 's a time of corruption now because there 's no president and no government . The regime is not in Mubarak , it 's inside us all . We removed Mubarak , but we did n't remove the regime . " Voting has begun in the first phase of Egypt 's parliamentary elections . Presidential elections are due to be held next year . Mourad hopes his next boss will be in power for only four years and will break the mold of Egyptian presidents becoming "  gods . " "  Ever since the Pharoahs , the king or president of Egypt has become a god , but that must change , " he said . "  The next president must always remember what happened in Tahrir Square , what happened to Mubarak . "	Ahmed Mourad spent his days with president Hosni Mubarak and his evenings writing about his regime He said he knew he was taking a risk His novel "  Vertigo " has just been published in English
Kyoto , Japan  CNN  -- The newspapers and television news blaze with shocking images of crowds energized by fury , of buildings set aflame , of diplomatic missions under assault . It sounds very much like the Middle East , but it 's happening in China , and the target of the mob violence in scores of Chinese cities is Japan and the Japanese . In both cases -- in the Middle East and East Asia -- the anger reflects a genuine , deeply felt indignation , but the protests have another powerful dimension . Political groups have turned religious or nationalist sensitivity into a weapon to further their objectives . Politicians are riding the tiger of popular wrath , hoping to guide it , to control it , to make it attack and wound their enemies , so they can gain an advantage and further their agenda . It 's a perilous exercise . The tiger can not be easily controlled . Just as the Muslim world seemed to explode with violent rage against America over a blasphemous film , tens of thousands of Chinese protesters also boiled with barely contained ferocity against an affront by a foreign power . It started after the Japanese government purchased from a private owner a set of uninhabited islands claimed by both countries . The obscure dispute over the cluster of rocky islets known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China has simmered for many decades . Now , it has turned into one of the most serious confrontations since the two countries established relations in 1972 , pitting the two biggest economies in Asia -- No. 2 and No. 3 in the world -- with crowds of Chinese demonstrators calling for China to "  declare war " against Japan -- and worse . As protests spread to a hundred Chinese cities , one sign chillingly suggested , "  We must exterminate the Japanese . " Protesters threw bottles , rocks and eggs at the Japanese embassy , they smashed and burned Japanese businesses and vehicles and cars , and they generally overflowed with barely concealed hatred , the flames stoked even higher on the anniversary of the 1931 "  Mukden incident " that started Japan 's invasion of China , the most sensitive spot in historical memory . The nationalist pride is real , but there is much more to the mayhem . Some of the same questions that have emerged from the anti-American violence in the Middle East are emerging in China . Is this all truly spontaneous ? Is the timing purely coincidental ? And , above all , who benefits ? In the Middle East , the repellent little film that triggered Muslim anger was posted on YouTube on July 1 . Although it apparently was n't translated into Arabic until and aired on Egyptian TV around September 5 , the surge of murderous attacks against U.S. diplomatic missions came , of all days , on September 11 . In China , the conflict is happening just as the ruling Communist Party prepares for the 18th Party Congress , when a pivotal power handover is expected . The exact date remains unclear , but the country is swimming in speculation about mysterious power struggles as the gathering , possibly next month , approaches . In all the mayhem , one can spot the efforts by powerful forces to rile what used to be called "  the street . " In the Muslim world , Islamist parties have a firm tradition of anti-Western ideology . An American-made film insulting the prophet Muhammad can boost their support . The film is despicable , but with today 's technology there will be someone , somewhere , saying or drawing or filming something offensive . Political and religious leaders have a choice of when to mobilize their followers . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , who came from the Muslim Brotherhood , saw the tiger coming , and he tried to ride it . Last week , as protesters unleashed their ire in front of the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , and news that extremists in Libya had killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens , Morsy 's reaction was not to condemn the killings or the violations of a fundamental tenet of diplomacy and international law . Instead , he demanded the U.S. take legal action against the filmmaker . His Muslim Brotherhood sought to wave the banner in defense of Islam , initially calling for more protests . It took several days before Morsy , on a European tour , called the attacks on all embassies "  unacceptable . " If Egypt wants foreign investment , its government ca n't support attacks against foreign embassies . The entire Arab world is engaged in a crucial power struggle . The people are waging a historic battle to determine what role Islam will have in government , in daily life and in the law . Anti-Western protests , under the banner of defending Islam , amount to raucous political rallies in support of the more radical , anti-liberal positions . Those in power face a delicate situation . They want to wrap themselves in the flag of Islam , prevent their rivals on the right from gaining the upper hand but must avoid appearing irresponsible in the eyes of the international community , the support of which they need to stabilize their economies . Seeking to benefit from the intensity of emotions , Islamist militants such as Lebanon 's Hezbollah called for more protests . The Chinese government also tried to calibrate resentments . Critics noted that in China 's one-party system , you do n't get a week of violent protests without government approval . Authorities stoked the flames with praise for the public 's "  expression of patriotism , " which the official media called "  reasonable " and a "  natural reaction " to Japan 's provocation . Then , perhaps nervous that demonstrations might turn against the regime , they tried to throttle back the violence . Chinese dissidents examining pictures of the protests said they noticed government officials working the crowd . Massive , seemingly spontaneous protests can strengthen a government 's hand against outsiders and has a rally-round-the flag effect that can strengthen a regime . But some speculated that hard-liners in the Communist Party were trying to bolster their position , perhaps trying to postpone the Party Congress and buy more time to organize . When the protests threatened to get out of hand and take a perilous economic toll , the government tried to pull back the reins . Japanese corporations , such as Honda , Panasonic , Sony and others shuttered operations in China , as the Japanese public , aghast , watched the scenes from just across the sea . Japan and China have more than $ 340 billion in trade . No government benefits , if the two economies are weakened . This latest fashion , blending domestic politics and diplomacy-by-mob , is a dangerous development . Politicians who try to ride the tiger of populist rage , whether in East Asia or the Middle East , will discover they ca n't always rein back the crowd 's passions . They may want it to charge against their enemies . In the end , however , everyone could get mauled . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Furious protests denouncing another nation are happening in China as well as the Mideast Chinese protesters are taking to the streets , enraged by Japan 's purchase of disputed islands Ghitis : In Mideast and China , the powerful are manipulating protests Ghitis : It 's a risky business to use populist rage to gain power ; the rage is not controllable
CNN  -- An Ohio distributor is recalling about 6 million Chinese-made tire valve stems after concluding that some of them were improperly made and could increase the risk of accidents . An Ohio distributor is recalling 6 million Chinese-made car tire valve stems . Tech International , the part 's Johnstown , Ohio-based distributor , estimates that just 8,600 of roughly 6 million of those valves are defective . The valve is a replacement snap-in tire valve -- Model No . TR413 -- manufactured between July and November 2006 . It was imported by Tech International from manufacturer Shanghai Baolong Industries Co. in Shanghai , China , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . According to the recall , the rubber part of the valve may crack after being in use for about six months , causing a gradual loss of tire pressure . Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst , possibly leading to crashes . Tech International told the NHTSA that the company does n't have records of the final purchasers of the valve stems . According to the company , the defect was identified after "  a small number " of the valves were reported by customers and one distributor to have failed . The samples were shipped to China , and , in March , Baolong concluded that some valves could be defective . "  The cause of the defect is likely improper mixing of the rubber compound in the manufacturer 's facility , " Tech International wrote in a letter to the transportation safety authority .	Ohio-based distributor says valves are n't working properly , could cause accidents Tech International estimates that just 8,600 of 6 million are defective Snap-in tire valve , Model TR413 , was made between July and November 2006 Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst
CNN  -- The dramatic overthrow of Egypt 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy has dominated the news agenda for much of this week . But away from Cairo 's tanks and protesters , the world has generated other headlines -- some of which you may have missed . Here are five stories potentially drowned out by the noise of Egypt 's unrest : 1 . In the U.S. state of Arizona , 19 members of an elite firefighting squad were killed while trying to dig a firebreak to contain a then 6,000-acre blaze on Sunday night local time . Nearly 600 firefighters and support workers battling the Yarnell Hill fire observed a moment of silence on Wednesday to honor those killed . Read more : Moment of silence only interruption in effort to end fire By Thursday evening -- despite gusty winds and temperatures in the 90s -- the blaze was said to have been 80 % contained . 2 . Pakistan has continued to suffer from deadly attacks throughout the week . On Thursday , a suicide car bomber killed four soldiers in North Waziristan and four gunmen targeted a tanker carrying fuel for U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , killing the driver . The day before , a U.S. drone struck the compound of the Haqqani Network , killing 15 militants , Pakistani security officials said . Read more : Militants target checkpoint , fuel tanker Pakistan 's government -- which has called for Washington to end drone strikes in the country -- said it strongly condemned the attack . Meanwhile , in the city of Peshawar on the same day , officials said militants killed six members of the Frontier Constabulary , a paramilitary force . Read more : U.S. drone strike on Haqqani compound The attacks followed car bombings on Sunday that killed at least 47 people . 3 . In Indonesia , a 6.1 magnitude earthquake struck Aceh province on Tuesday , killing at least 30 and injuring almost 300 people . Most of the victims were children and the elderly , who were struck by falling debris , officials said . They said thousands of homes , schools and mosques were damaged and that the quake also triggered landslides , cutting off roads . Read more : Death toll in Indonesia quake rises to 30 4 . What is believed to be the final text sent from yacht that went missing in June , with six Americans and one Briton on board , was found in the satellite phone system used by the boat this week . The schooner Nina was traveling between New Zealand and Australia when it was hit by a storm . The message sent on June 4 , but never delivered , reads : "  THANKS STORM SAILS SHREDDED LAST NIGHT , NOW BARE POLES . GOINING 4KT 310DEG WILL UPDATE COURSE INFO @ 6PM . " The message gave search teams the approximate location and actual time of the last transmission , but the boat and its crew have still not been sighted . Read more : Last text from missing boat says sails shredded 5 . Finally , a hopeful story out of the Koreas . Pyongyang has agreed to Seoul 's request to hold talks on reopening the Kaesong industrial complex . The complex sits on the North Korean side of the border but houses the operations of several of South Korean companies and is seen as a major symbol of cooperation between the two countries . It has been closed since April , when North Korea accused the South of seeking "  to turn the zone into a hotbed of war . " Tensions were already high following Pyongyang 's long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test in February . Read more : Koreas to hold talks on reopening Kaesong complex	Arizona firefighters continue to battle a blaze that killed 19 of their colleagues Pakistan suffered numerous fatalities from militant attacks and a U.S. drone strike An earthquake in Indonesia killed at least 30 people and damaged thousands of buildings North and South Korea agreed to talks on reopening the Kaesong industrial complex
CNN  We belong to different generations and political parties . We live in different states and under different circumstances . One of us is a college student , born into a political family , while the other is a former congressman from South Carolina and father of five children . One of us served on the selection committee for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award . The other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change . We share an unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity , growth and progress . We believe that President Kennedy 's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward . In 1962 , President Kennedy , speaking at Rice University , described the space program that he had first announced when he asked the Congress to support his ambitious goal of landing a man on the moon before the end of the decade . Opening his speech , Kennedy stated simply the effect of man 's scientific pursuit : "  The greater our knowledge increases , the greater our ignorance unfolds . " This curious paradox holds true today . Our knowledge of the causes and dangers of climate change has increased even as our ignorance of its ramifications has unfolded . Many of our elected representatives persist in inaction and complacency by arguing that individual nations are powerless to solve the problem because every nation is culpable . Others choose to dispute the science , deny the evidence , and avoid the question of how to solve the problem . But climate change is only scary if we choose to sit , wait and do nothing about it . President Kennedy encountered the same dilemma : "  It is not surprising that some would have us stay where we are a little longer to rest , to wait . But ... this country of the United States was not built by those who waited and rested and wished to look behind them . " We need not be frightened today . Climate change is a chance for all of us to add a chapter to the story of American triumph and human progress . It is a moment for this generation to display the very qualities we attribute to the American political heroes of earlier times , who left the world a better place for us . Courage of this scale will come from a people who are told that they can do great things by leaders who believe that their people are capable of great things . We believe that America will see opportunity in the danger of climate change just like we saw benefits on Earth from travel in space . Kennedy told the crowd at Rice that the pursuit of a goal that seemed impossible was valuable precisely because it would be so hard to accomplish . "  We choose to go to the moon not because it is easy but because it is hard , " he said . Something so difficult would only be achieved through cooperation and national unity , and it would push us toward greatness . There will always be reasons for inaction . Many will argue that responsible reforms will hurt our economy as it recovers from the Great Recession . They will exploit the fears of that time to justify extracting rents from industries and fuels whose days are numbered . Progress on climate change will require courage . Some leaders who stand up to meet the challenge may fall , but they can be sure that their sacrifice will light the world with more energy , more mobility and more freedom and ensure a healthier planet . We can start by making straightforward changes in the tax code that are acceptable to both the right and the left . By adopting policies that would make it in our trading partners ' interest to join us , meaningful reforms can provide solutions without making government any bigger . As Americans , we are obligated to leave the world a better place than we found it . We believe , just as President Kennedy did , that only if America leads on the most important issues of our time can we deliver on that promise . We call on our elected leaders to embrace the climate challenge before us and light a path to greatness once again .	Profile in Courage award is going to a Republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change Authors : Addressing climate challenge is today 's moon shot , an enormous effort that will pay big benefits
CNN  Tough , strong and noble ; these are the sorts of qualities one would expect from a national symbol . The fabled Karabakh horse is a rare and beautiful animal that is of great importance to Azerbaijanis . But the country 's national animal that can be found everywhere from its stories to its postage stamps is faced with extinction . In the thickly forested foothills of Sheki , a small city 300km  187 miles  from the capital Baku , is one of world 's largest and purest Karabakh herds . Their owner , Yashar Guluzade , has been restoring the breed for over a decade in this unspoilt mountainous region . He says that conflict and a difficult economic situation have led to their decline . "  At the beginning of the Armenian-Azerbaijani conflict the horses were continually transferred from one place to another and this was one of the reasons for the sharp reduction of stock as the movement of pregnant mares led to miscarriages , " he explained . Guluzade says that the places the horses were taken did not have the correct conditions and pastures to support them and it was as if the country had forgotten about them . The government has now stepped in to try and protect the breed . Azerbaijan 's Ministry of Agriculture has drawn up a number of horse breeding programs and the law states the animal can not be exported for sale . The ministry says it may consider selling the horses in the future to raise money for their upkeep but for now the focus is on breeding and protection . Khandan Rajabli , the managing director of the ministry 's breeding division told CNN that these programs include improving veterinary services , training and scientific studies on the horses ' DNA . "  Instituting a system of identification like passports to track the breed has been established " he said . Rajabli says that a German company is also assisting with gene research and establishing the horses genetic profiling so a system can be developed to confirm the breed in future . German horse breeder , Verena Scholian , is one of the experts that have been working with the Azerbaijani government , advising them on breeding programs and technical equipment . Scholian , who has spent decades researching the Karabakh 's blood-line , says it 's easy to see the horses appeal . "  I love handling them ; they are calm , friendly and very sure footed , " she said . Estimates on the number of Karabakh horses vary . According to the Karabakh Foundation , there are less than 1,000 , but Scholian believes there could be less than 10 mares that are one-half pure bred . The mountain-steppe racing horse is named after the geographical region where it was originally developed . The Karabakh horse is the result of cross-breeding and stands out with what 's been described as its "  golden glow . " The horses are also known for their exceptional speed . The Karabakh foundation says that in 2004 , a horse from the Agdam region set a world record ; running 1,000 meters in 1 minute and 9 seconds . The foundation 's chair , Dr. Adil Baguirov , originally from the Karabakh region , says the horse has always been important to Azerbaijani 's . "  Azerbaijanis are Turkic people who until a few centuries ago enjoyed a semi-nomadic lifestyle , especially in the Karabakh region , which is lush with grass and has perfect pastures , " he said . "  Even as late as the 19th century , a sizable portion of Azerbaijanis , particularly in the Karabakh region , lived in mountains in the summer and in lowlands in the winter , " he continued . Baguirov explains that it was the horses ability to handle mountainous and rugged terrain that deemed them an essential part of life . These days Scholian says the horses are mainly used for racing and as a status symbol for the rich . Guluzade currently has 35 pure bred Karabakh horses on his farm . He says he will continue to breed them because he is worried about their future . "  My strategy for breeding was built on the premise that each pure bred mare should leave behind one offspring , preferably a mare , " he said . "  I will continue my work in this direction where others have been irresponsible in the past , " he continued . The century-old breed is said to have incredible endurance and strength , qualities that Azerbaijani 's hope will see the animals fight off extinction . "  The Karabakh horses are a symbol of national heritage and pride . It 's an ancient , national breed that is inseparable from our national identity , " Rajabli said . Ludmilla Beckwith and Vladic Ravich contributed to this story	The Karabakh horse is Azerbaijan 's national animal There are less than 1,000 Karabakh bred horses left in the world The government is running a horse breeding programs to save the animal from extinction
CNN  Geography is , in part , destiny for Italy : The country will always be a bridge between Africa and Europe , as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the Mediterranean so starkly shows . A surge of refugees this year , usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels , has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast . A boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from Libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking . Over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of Italy in the last week alone . European leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency . There is a backstory here worthy of our attention , and it has to do with Italy 's colonial past . Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy 's former colonies in North and East Africa , namely Eritrea  occupied from 1890-1941  and Somalia  1908-1941  . As migrants , Libyans are fewer in number , but Libya  1912-1941  plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for Italy . Italy 's empire never rivaled that of the British and the French in scope and longevity , but those who lived in its possessions were no less affected . Indeed , the migrants traversing the Mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of migrations , expulsions , and exiles sparked by Italy 's imperial ambition and commercial interests , the post-colonial anger of African leaders , and now mass economic desperation and political strife . Long after the formal end of Italian colonialism , these Eritreans , Somalis , and Libyans have inherited the histories of influence and exploitation that shaped their home countries . It also affects the treatment of Africans who settle in Italy . Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism . Libya was for a brief period an incorporated province of Italy , on the model of French Algeria , and Libyan families still feel the devastating effects of the fascist dictatorship 's persecution of those who resisted Italian occupation . Over 100,000 Libyan men , women , and children were deported to concentration camps deep in the desert in the late 1920s and early 1930s , and much of the ruling class was exiled or executed . Col. Moammar Gadhafi , who ruled from 1969 to 2011 , was born during the Italian occupation of his country , and his identity as a revolutionary was shaped by the example of resistance leaders such as Omar al-Mukhtar , who was hanged by the fascists in front of 20,000 of his people in 1931 . In 1970 , soon after he took power , Gadhafi struck back , expelling the remaining Italian community in Libya . Some of those people had grown up entirely in Libya . They arrived in Italy for the first time , at some of the same ports receiving migrants today . This political intervention did not spell the end of Italian-Libyan commercial dealings , which grew out of colonial-era relations that had made Libya Italy 's biggest oil supplier . Since 2004 , Italy and Libya have been directly connected by the Greenstream natural gas pipeline , which runs below the Mediterranean , on the same axis as many migrant boats . Commercial concerns , and the cozy relationship of then-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Gadhafi , also lay behind a historic 2008 Friendship Treaty between Italy and Libya , which promised infrastructure and other aid to Libya worth the equivalent of $ 5 billion as compensation for the damages inflicted by Italy during the decades of colonial rule . Until his death in 2011 , despite deals with Italy and the European Union to control departures from his borders , Gadhafi intermittently used European fears of mass arrivals of migrants from Libya as a political weapon . Given Europe 's geography , this weapon was pointed particularly at Italy , Libya 's former master , and the principal target of Gadhafi 's post-colonial revenge politics . Few Italians learn about this colonial history and its legacies , even though episodes of racist violence against immigrants from former Italian colonies and elsewhere are on the rise . Upon her appointment in 2013 as minister of integration , Ccile Kyenge , an Italian of Congolese origin , faced ugly racist attacks from fellow Italian politicians , including a comment that she looked like an orangutan . This climate has encouraged those who wish to rehabilitate the "  heroes " of fascist imperialism . In 2012 , the town of Affile built a publicly-funded memorial to General Rodolfo Graziani , known as "  the butcher of Fezzan " for his brutal repression of Libyan resisters in the 1920s -- and for the massacre of Ethiopian civilians he ordered in response to a 1937 attempt on his life . This colonial history and its long-term consequences can help us understand Italians ' ambivalent reactions to the emergency on their southernmost shores . Italian rescuers and activists work tirelessly and selflessly , and yet migrants who remain in Italy are often subject to racist attacks . It is ironic that the name chosen for the sea rescue operation organized by the Italian Navy in 2013 was the slogan of the fascist 's dictatorship 's bid to control the Mediterranean : Mare Nostrum . The program rescued more than 160,000 migrants in one year before it was discontinued due to European Union budget restrictions . It seems to reflect the conflicted attitude of the Italian government to its past aggressions : an admirable and courageous initiative -- advanced under an imperialist banner . The Italian government deserves the full support of the European Union as it responds to the current humanitarian crisis . But it also needs to address the failure of civic education about its colonial past . At 40 years old , Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is of a different generation than those who have sustained a politics of selective memory that is as dangerous in its own way for migrants as the boats now capsizing in the Mediterranean . Setting a new course on this issue is in Italy 's interest , now more than ever .	Ruth Ben-Ghiat : Italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the Mediterranean She says African migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of Italian rule
CNN  Warren Weinstein , who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda , was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January . But it did n't have to be that way . A senior U.S. official familiar with the handling of the issue told CNN that the U.S. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al Qaeda or through proxies in Pakistan . Another senior U.S. official told CNN that Weinstein 's capture by al Qaeda made it hard for the United States to negotiate , even though proxies such as the Pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped . A senior Pakistani official told CNN that after Weinstein was kidnapped , the Pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant Haqqani Network and to the Pakistani Taliban , which are both allied to al Qaeda , to see if these groups might be able to initiate some kind of negotiation about Weinstein . According to the official , nothing came of those feelers . The senior Pakistani official says that during the past year Pakistani soldiers , who were part of a military offensive in the tribal area of North Waziristan near the Afghan-Pakistan border where Weinstein was believed to be being held , went door-to-door looking for the American . Nothing came of this search either . On Thursday , the U.S. government announced that Weinstein had been killed in a "  counterterrorism operation " in January , which is how the government often describes CIA drone strikes . According to New America , which tracks drone strikes in Pakistan , CIA drone attacks happened in Shawal , North Waziristan , on January 19 in which at least four militants were killed ; also on January 15 in Tehsil Ladha , South Waziristan , in which at least five militants were killed ; and on January 4 in Datta Khel , South Waziristan , in which at least eight militants were killed . It is in one of these strikes that Weinstein was almost certainly killed . Lt. Col. Jason Amerine , a planner on the U.S. Army staff , is under investigation over a purported unauthorized disclosure to U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter 's office , which has demonstrated a strong interest in the fate of American hostages held by al Qaeda and the Taliban . A plan was developed in the Pentagon to secure the release of Weinstein , according to a staff member on Hunter 's committee . That plan was to release Haji Bashir Noorzai , a prominent and influential member of the Taliban who is in prison in the States on drug trafficking charges , in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Berghdal , who was held by the Taliban until last year ; Taliban hostages Caitlin Coleman , a U.S. citizen , and her husband , Canadian Joshua Boyle ; and Dr. Shakil Afridi , who spied for the CIA in Pakistan and was being held in a Pakistani prison , as well as Weinstein . It 's not clear how far this plan of action went . Amerine is invoking whistleblower protection and denies making an unauthorized disclosure . Hunter , a California Republican , released a statement Thursday , saying , "  The only government organization seriously developing options to recover Weinstein and others in the Afghanistan/Pakistan region was within the Pentagon -- led by war hero Jason Amerine . " As an Army captain , Amerine led a small detachment of U.S. Special Forces into Afghanistan in November 2001 in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States . The operation was instrumental in helping to topple the Taliban and to install Hamid Karzai as the new leader of Afghanistan . Who exactly carried out Weinstein 's kidnapping from his house 3 1/2 years ago in the Pakistani megacity of Lahore has until now not been clear . A senior Pakistani counterterrorism official told CNN that members of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , or IMU , kidnapped Weinstein at his Lahore home on August 13 , 2011 . IMU is an Uzbek terrorist group headquartered in the tribal regions of Pakistan along its border with Afghanistan . According to the Pakistani official , the leader of the Weinstein kidnapping cell was a relative of Tahir Yuldashev , the former IMU leader killed in a CIA drone strike in the Pakistani tribal regions in 2009 . The initial lead that traced the Weinstein kidnapping to the IMU came from another high-profile kidnapping in Pakistan two weeks after Weinstein 's abduction . Shahbaz Taseer , the son of a leading Pakistani liberal politician Salman Taseer -- who was killed by Pakistani militants eight months earlier -- was kidnapped in Lahore on August 26 , 2011 . At the scene of Taseer 's kidnapping one of the kidnappers dropped a cell phone and SIM card that eventually led Pakistani officials to focus on the IMU group in Lahore , according to the senior Pakistani counterterrorism official . The police subsequently arrested three Uzbeks and four Pakistanis who were part of the IMU cell that had carried out the Weinstein kidnapping . Members of the IMU cell told Pakistani interrogators that after they had kidnapped Weinstein they moved him while he was tranquilized and semi-conscious among three safe houses in Lahore . IMU members then took Weinstein to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan , a semi-autonomous region along the border with Afghanistan where al Qaeda and other militant groups are headquartered . There Weinstein was given or , more likely , sold to al Qaeda , according to the senior Pakistani official . Who was Warren Weinstein ? Weinstein had spent his life helping others , working in the fields of aid and development . He held a doctorate in international law and economics from Columbia University and spoke more than half a dozen languages . After his capture , the leader of al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahiri , demanded the end of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and the release of terrorists held in U.S. custody in exchange for Weinstein 's freedom . On September 12 , 2012 , Weinstein appeared in a video produced by al Qaeda 's production arm in which he said that the Obama administration had shown "  no interest in my case . " He then appealed to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from "  one Jew to another " to intervene . The Obama administration is in the midst of a review of its hostage policy , which has been criticized by some families whose loved ones have been taken hostage by ISIS , al Qaeda or the Taliban . The key problems these families point to are lack of communication by the U.S. government about their loved ones and a lack of coordination within the government about how best to free them . The CIA , for instance , is focused on drone strikes and counterterrorism operations , while the FBI has responsibility for retrieving American hostages . Often these goals are not in alignment -- as was clearly the case with Weinstein . The CIA could have exercised more due diligence knowing that Weinstein was almost certainly being held in North Waziristan . There are some solutions for these problems . First , families should be granted security clearances by the U.S. government for the purpose of having classified information disclosed to them only about their captive loved ones . Right now , the U.S. government wo n't communicate much with the families about their loved ones because the relatives do n't have the requisite security clearances . Should families abuse their clearances , they would no longer receive classified information about their loved ones , which is a strong incentive not to abuse them . Second , President Barack Obama should appoint a senior-level person , perhaps working in the White House on the National Security Council , to oversee the work of the CIA , FBI , State Department and the Joint Special Operations Command , which implements hostage rescues . All these organizations have key roles to play in getting American hostages home . That person must be sufficiently senior so he or she can make all the relevant agencies play well together and "  de-conflict " any potential issues , such as the ones that surfaced in the Weinstein case . Third , while the U.S. government position is that it will not make concessions to terrorist groups , there is nothing in American policy to prevent another government from negotiating with terrorists to secure the release of U.S. citizens , and this should be encouraged , even if there is some quid pro quo involved . This is what happened in the case of the American journalist Peter Theo Curtis , who was captured by al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria in 2012 , but was released last year after the Qatari government intervened in his case . The Qataris have had longstanding ties to the militant groups in Syria , including the al Qaeda affiliate holding Curtis , and while Qatari officials have denied paying ransom to free Curtis , it 's unlikely that the journalist was freed just because the members of al Qaeda holding him were suddenly feeling like good guys . Curtis ' successful release could provide a ray of hope for U.S. citizen Caitlin Coleman and her husband , Canadian Joshua Boyle , who were captured by the Taliban in 2012 when they were traveling on a trip through Afghanistan . A senior American official told CNN they are being held by the Haqqani Network . The Pakistani government has contacts with the Haqqani Network , and the U.S. government should ratchet up the pressure on the Pakistani government to secure the couple 's release . In captivity , Coleman , who was pregnant at the time she was taken hostage , had a child . The name of the child is unknown .	U.S. hostage Warren Weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike Peter Bergen : U.S. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- For all the buzz about "  tablet computers " in recent weeks , one fundamental question about this supposedly break-through computer category remains unanswered : What exactly is a tablet ? Computer industry representatives here at the massive and hype-heavy Consumer Electronics Show ca n't seem to agree . Some say a computer just needs a touch-sensitive screen to be a tablet . Others say a person should be able to write on it with a pen . Still others say it 's screen size that 's important -- tablets must fit somewhere between phones and laptops . For Philip McKinney , vice president and chief technology officer at Hewlett-Packard , it 's partly the keyboard -- a tablet should have one of those . Break off the keyboard , leaving only a touch-screen device , he said , and the gadget falls into another buzz-worthy category : the slate . Others say the terms slate and tablet are synonymous . So what 's a confused consumer to do ? And how can anyone judge the many products here that claim to be from tabletland when there 's no consensus on what one is ? Simple . Just get over the name , said Steve Baker , vice-president of industry analysis at the NDP Group , a market research firm . Computer makers are introducing a shotgun spray of newish -- or at least newly named -- products in hopes that one will be a big recession-era hit with consumers , he said . None of these new devices , which he said are characterized only by their medium size , fix any obvious problem consumers have with their current computers , he said . Companies are releasing these new products without knowing exactly why consumers would want to use them , he said . "  That 's the problem , but the exciting part of it is that we really do n't know what the right product is for people -- what they want to do with this . " Hot products The tablet buzz at CES is somewhat overshadowed by a tablet that Apple is rumored to announce later this month . Still , the array of tablet-esque devices here is getting tons of attention from show attendees . The two most talked-about tablets at CES are Lenovo 's IdeaPad U1 , which the company refers to not as a tablet but as a "  hybrid-notebook ; " and a yet-to-be named and largely unseen "  slate " tablet from HP . Lenovo 's device looks like a smallish laptop on first glance . But the screen on the gadget pops off of a plastic shell and can be carried around separately from its keyboard . That 's the tablet part of the hybrid . When separated from its keyboard home , the slender touch-screen tablet -- which looks like a stretched-out iPhone -- is well suited for watching movies , browsing photos and reading books , said Michael Littler , who markets the device . The touch-sensitive screen , made possible by Microsoft 's Windows 7 , lets users spin photos and scroll through text with their fingers , which might seem more intuitive than a pushing a computer mouse . Watch CES attendees get acquainted with the dual laptop-tablet That product will debut in six months and will cost less than $ 1,000 , Littler said . Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer briefly trotted out HP 's unnamed "  slate " device during his opening keynote address at the show , stirring up lots of interest . The device was thin and flat , without a keyboard , and with a touch-sensitive screen . HP decided not to show off the unnamed product at CES , however . McKinney , the company 's CTO , said the HP slate has been in development for five years and will be sold to consumers sometime in 2010 . He would not discuss the product 's price or provide further specifics . Tablet origins Part of the tablet confusion comes from the fact that the term is not new . In the 90s , Microsoft and others introduced tablet PCs with swivel-around screens and keyboards . Consumers could n't touch the screens with their fingers to control the tablets , but many had stylus pens that let people write on the screen . While popular in niche markets , those older-generation tablets never took off like expected , said Lance Ulanoff , editor in chief of PC Magazine . "  I think major companies are still a little hesitant to go all-in , " he said . Why now ? The current resurgence of the tablet term -- and the mid-sized , touch-screen gadgets that go with it -- appears to have several precipitating factors . First , said Ulanoff , is the popularity of the iPhone . Apple 's smartphone showed people how helpful touch-screen technology can be . "  I think people got the idea that -- ` Well , what if -LSB- the iPhone -RSB- was bigger ? " he said . Next is the recession . Consumer electronics sales were down considerably in 2009 . That gives computer companies an incentive to try some potentially wacky ideas in an effort to differentiate themselves from competitors , said Baker , the industry analyst . Technological advances are also pushing the idea . Windows 7 , which Microsoft released last year , incorporates touch-screen technology , and many people consider to be a cornerstone of the tablet experience . Also throw in a truckload of hype about Apple 's rumored tablet . Tech blogs have been drooling over the supposed announcement for months . And , while tablet makers here say they 've been working on the technology for years , several admitted the Apple tablet buzz does n't hurt their efforts . People expect everything Apple makes to be sexy and popular . And that could rub off on an entire category of devices . What 's in a name ? The flurry of newly named computer products , however , could have negative consequences for the tablet computer industry , said Ken Lee , vice-president of sales and marketing at viliv , another tablet maker exhibiting at CES . The industry is on the verge of confusing consumers so much that they wo n't know what products they do or do n't want , he said . Still , he added , it 's exciting to work in a time of experimentation . Viliv is focusing on a number of mid-size computing devices -- from its $ 500 N5 "  clamshell " device , which looks like a sunglasses case when it 's closed and is small enough to fit in a coat pocket ; to a $ 550 S10 tablet with a swivel touch-screen and a keyboard ; and , finally , a soon-to-be-unveiled "  media slate , " which has an 10-inch touch-screen and no keyboard . The names are important from a marketing perspective , he said . Viliv did n't call its "  media slate " a tablet because that name sounds expensive , he said . The company did n't want to call it a plain old slate either , he said , because that sounded heavy , like slate rock , when the media slate is actually rather light . Slate also sounds industrial , he said , and he wants this media-consumption device to be fun . "  We tried to give it a little bit more of a casual , lighter feeling , " he said . Other companies have introduced mid-sized , pseudo-tablet products under a host of names -- smartbooks , mini-notes , touch-screen netbooks , dual-book e-readers that also surf the Web . At its CES product office this week , Littler , from Lenovo , was commenting on this development when a woman abruptly joined the conversation . "  I just call it a computer , " she said .	Tablet computers get buzz at CES , but people disagree about what they are Most are characterized by their size : They are smaller than laptops and bigger than phones HP says tablets have keyboards and "  slate " computers only have touch-screens Computer makers are trying out new categories to see what will stick with consumers
The Coast Guard did n't think Ron Ingraham could survive , stuck in a 25-foot sailboat for days as waves swelled 15 to 20 feet high . His son did . "  I do n't feel like he 's dead , " Zakary Ingraham told a Coast Guard official nine days ago , after learning their search was ending . "  I do n't feel it . " He was right . Ron Ingraham was picked up Tuesday morning about 64 miles  103 kilometers  south of Honolulu , "  weak , hungry and dehydrated " and -- most importantly -- alive . His rescue came 12 days after he made his first distress call , a difficult stretch even for a veteran fisherman . But he was n't beaten up enough to lose his priorities . According to his son , the 67-year-old Ron Ingraham told his rescuers , "  We ai n't leaving without my boat . " So the sailor and his boat headed back to shore Wednesday . What will his dad do now that he 's back on land ? Will he relax , take some time off , maybe look for a less dangerous profession ? "  I 'm sure he 's going to go fishing as soon as he 's able , " Zakary Ingraham said by phone from Missouri . "  Like tomorrow . " Son : Ron Ingraham is tough , strong , resourceful Some people in their late 60s might be enjoying retirement or , at least , reining it in a few notches as life slows down . Not Ron Ingraham , whose son describes him as resourceful , physically strong and tough . "  You know who Rambo is ? " Zakary Ingraham joked . "  Rambo has a picture of my dad on his wall . " Fishing is his life and livelihood . Ron Ingraham lives on his boat and "  that 's pretty much all he 's got , " his son said -- explaining his insistence his battered vessel , which he named Malia , be towed back to shore . He set off solo around Thanksgiving from Molokai on what should have been a normal trip , like many others he 'd made over the years . It did n't turn out that way . He made distress calls on the holiday , indicating his boat was taking on water . Those calls spurred a search that would end up covering 12,000 square miles . It included an MH-65 helicopter , an HC-130 airplane and the 110-foot Coast Guard Cutter Kiska . But none of them could find Ron Ingraham or his boat . ` Mayday ; small boat , in danger of sinking ' On December 1 , the Coast Guard called off its search . Zakary Ingraham said he was told that airplanes , but not satellites , picked up his father 's emergency beacon -- suggesting it either had a weak battery or his boat was submerged . With rocky seas , the weather was n't cooperating either . "  With the conditions the way they are , we could n't find your dad 's boat , " Zakary Ingraham recalled a Coast Guard official telling him . "  We think it 's sunk . " In fact , Ron Ingraham 's boat was still afloat . And on Tuesday , he decided to give the distress call one more try . His life depended on it . "  This is a mayday , mayday , mayday , " said Ingraham . " ... Small boat , in danger of sinking . " The U.S. Coast Guard heard the call and immediately dispatched the closest available boat -- the USS Paul Hamilton , a U.S. Navy destroyer , then about 14 miles away . They found Ingraham 's masts broken and him using an auxiliary sail trying to get closer to land , his friend and fellow fisherman Dedrick Manaba told CNN affiliate Hawaii News Now . And , of course , there was Ingraham himself -- weary and battered , but still going , much to the relief of his friends and family . ' I was going backwards all night long ' It all started , Ron Ingraham said , when a simple plan to get food and water before dark one night went awry after the weather took a turn for the worse . "  I tried all through the night . ... I could n't make it . I was going backwards all night long , " he told CNN affiliate KHNL/KGMB after his rescue . At one point , a massive wave crashed into his sailboat . The boat mast hit the water , Ingraham said , and so did he . "  But I had a rope on me  and  towed myself back in , " Ingraham said . From there , he had no choice but to go where the current took him . Searchers had struggled to find him because weather pulled him hundreds of miles away from the area where they 'd been looking , he said . "  I was way out there , and I was out of water , but I hydrated on fish , " he said . "  I 'm a fisherman , so I caught fish . " "  It was n't as a good as a sushi bar , " he said . But it was how he survived . "  He 's alive after 12 days at sea , " his son Zakary Ingraham said . "  I could n't be happier . "	Ron Ingraham says he survived at sea by catching and eating fish The Hawaii man made a distress call , 12 days after his first , saying his boat may sink Authorities tracked him down , finding him "  weak , hungry and dehydrated " His son predicts his father will resume fishing as soon as he can
Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in Crimea on Friday to take part in Victory Day celebrations in Sevastopol , in what is his first visit to the disputed territory since Russia annexed it from Ukraine . The President arrived in the port of Sevastopol by sea , in an event televised by Russian state TV , and watched while flanked by senior officers as Russian warships took part in a naval display in the Black Sea . The military parades , held each year to mark the defeat of Nazi Germany , come amid soaring tensions in eastern Ukraine , where pro-Russian separatists are planning a weekend referendum on autonomy . At least seven people were killed and 39 others were injured in clashes between separatists and Ukrainian government forces in the flashpoint southeastern city of Mariupol , the Donetsk regional health department said Friday . Interior Minister Arsen Avakov put the toll higher in a post on his official Facebook page , saying about 20 militants had been killed and four captured , while one member of the armed forces was dead and five injured . In Washington , the White House took notice of Putin 's visit and reiterated its rejection of Crimea 's annexation . "  Such a visit will only serve to fuel tensions , " National Security Council spokeswoman Laura Lucas Magnuson said . In Sevastopol , which hosts a key Russian naval base , crowds packed the shores to witness the show of Russia 's military might . Besides the warships that took part in the sea , dozens of military aircraft roared overhead . Putin paid tribute to Sevastopol 's long military record as he addressed servicemen in the harbor , and he said he was sure that 2014 would become known in history as the year Crimea 's people decided to return to Russia and the memory of their ancestors . "  There is a lot of work to be done , but we will overcome all the difficulties because we are together . This means we have become even stronger , and I congratulate you on the great victory , " he said . Putin shook hands with servicemen after his remarks , before walking to barriers where he was greeted by screaming crowds . An earlier military parade by land vehicles through the city also attracted big numbers , with the turnout probably boosted by rumors that Putin might attend . The Russian President 's first Victory Day appearance was in Moscow , where the annual display of nationalistic fervor was heightened by Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Tanks , rocket launchers and even intercontinental ballistic missiles were paraded through the capital 's Red Square in a Soviet-style show of military might , as tens of thousands of people watched and cheered , waving Russian flags . In televised remarks there , Putin hailed his nation 's "  all-conquering patriotism . " Gunfire , smoke in Mariupol streets Meanwhile , a live video stream from the Ukrainian city of Mariupol showed a tense situation with gunfire and black smoke in the streets . Avakov , on his Facebook page , said about 60 "  terrorists , " armed with automatic weapons , had launched an attack on Mariupol 's police department . This turned into a "  full-scale military clash " inside the building , he said , with army , national guard and special forces units involved . As a result , he said , "  a significant part of the terrorist group has been destroyed . " Others had abandoned their weapons and disappeared into residential areas , he said . The municipal building is in flames , he added . Earlier , a member of parliament posted on his Facebook account that separatists had blockaded themselves inside the police headquarters , surrounded by Ukrainian forces . Three "  casualties " were reported among the separatists , and some Ukrainian officers were hurt , lawmaker Oleg Lyashko said . CNN is not able independently to verify either account at this time . Live video from Mariupol showed what appeared to be bloody footprints and blood splatters at several scenes in the city center , while people were taking cover at the sound of what appeared to be bursts of gunfire . Irina Voropaeva , who is one of the leaders of the pro-Russian camp in Mariupol , told CNN there were two hotspots in the city . She said it was unclear what was unfolding at the main police station . But , she said , the Ukrainian military is in the city center and she had been told that the city hall building is on fire . She added that she could see smoke and hear explosions . Mariupol has become a flashpoint in the standoff between Ukrainian forces and the separatists . Five pro-Russian activists were killed overnight Wednesday when Ukrainian forces attacked barricades on the outskirts of Mariupol , a spokeswoman for the pro-Russian camp said . Ukrainian forces also continue to surround the town of Slovyansk , a stronghold for pro-Russian militants . Chaotic transition A large majority in Sevastopol , as well as across the Crimean Peninsula , voted in favor of seceding from Ukraine and joining Russia in a controversial referendum in March . Moscow 's annexation of the Black Sea territory , which was part of Russia until 1954 and has a majority ethnic Russian population , soon followed . Sevastopol residents told a CNN team early Friday that they were proud and happy to be part of Russia again . Their enthusiasm comes despite a messy , sometimes chaotic , process of transition and the continued presence on the streets of local "  self-defense " units , or militias , known as the "  men in green . " Not everyone is delighted by Russia 's annexation of Crimea , however . The indigenous ethnic minority Tatar population opposed the move . One local Tatar leader , Abduraman Egiz , told CNN he was beaten up by a group of "  men in green " after they demanded to see his identification documents . "  We as the community , we can not guarantee the security of our people , " he said . Authorities in Ukraine scaled back Victory Day events in the capital , Kiev , and elsewhere , anxious to avoid any big celebrations or demonstrations of support for Russia that could spark violence . Odessa and Kharkiv canceled all big public events , while Luhansk asked groups to avoid gathering in the city . The city of Donetsk , however , was pushing ahead with events . Referendum postponement call Less than two months after Crimea was wrested from Ukraine 's grasp , there are fears that other parts of the country could go the same way . Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine said Thursday that they had decided to go ahead with a Sunday referendum on greater local powers , defying a call by Putin to postpone the vote . Putin had urged the pro-Russian sympathizers to delay the referendum to give dialogue "  the conditions it needs to have a chance . " But representatives from the council of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic and separatists from Luhansk told reporters they had voted to press ahead with the vote . The West has strongly opposed the move . In a statement Friday , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius condemned the pro-Russian separatists for holding "  illegal referendums . " Fabius , who spoke by phone with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , also reiterated France 's determination to find a political solution to the crisis in Ukraine . The immediate priority is to de-escalate the situation , engage in a national dialogue and prepare for the May 25 elections , Fabius said . "  On the local ` referenda , ' we strongly emphasize that they should not take place -- neither on 11 May nor at any later date , " said Maja Kocijancic , spokeswoman for the European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton . "  Such unauthorized local ` referenda ' have no democratic legitimacy and can only lead to further escalation . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke by phone with both Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Yatsenyuk on Thursday , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said .	Health officials say at least seven people killed and 39 more injured in clashes in Mariupol Ukraine 's acting interior minister says about 20 militants killed , 4 detained in Mariupol "  We will overcome all the difficulties , " says Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin watches as warships and military aircraft take part in displays in Sevastopol , Crimea
New York  CNN  -- Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani was acquitted Wednesday of all but one count of conspiracy-related charges in a landmark civilian trial involving the first Guantanamo detainee to be tried in civilian court . Ghailani was convicted by a federal jury on a charge of conspiracy to destroy buildings and U.S. property in connection with his role in the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania . The trial had been widely considered a testing ground for the Obama administration , which has said that it could try some terrorism suspects outside military tribunals and in civilian courts . Ghailani 's lawyer , Peter Quijano , said Wednesday 's verdict was "  a reaffirmation that this nation 's judicial system is the greatest ever devised . " "  It is a truly a system of laws and not men , " he said . The U.S. Justice Department responded in a written statement , referring to the one guilty finding by saying , "  We respect the jury 's verdict and are pleased that Ahmed Ghailani now faces a minimum of 20 years in prison and a potential life sentence for his role in the embassy bombings . " U.S. Attorney Prett Bharara in a statement that he would seek the maximum sentence of life without parole at sentencing , which is scheduled for January . Ghailani faced charges of conspiracy and murder in the 1998 attacks on U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . The bombings , for which al Qaeda claimed responsibility , killed 224 people , including a dozen Americans , and wounded thousands of others . Federal Judge Lewis Kaplan had rejected a defense plea for a mistrial on Monday after a juror claimed to have been chastised by fellow jurors for disagreeing with their conclusions . Kaplan read aloud a note that he received from the juror , who asked to be "  excused or exchanged " in the trial of the 36-year-old Tanzanian , telling his defense attorneys that it was not grounds for a mistrial . Ghailani 's attorneys had maintained that he was exploited by al Qaeda for his knowledge of Tanzania , but was not a conspiring member of the group that later claimed responsibility for the attacks . Wednesday 's verdict raises broader questions regarding those being held in the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba and their prospects of facing civilian courts . "  The greater relevance has been the debate in this country of whether -LSB- alleged -RSB- terrorists held in Guantanamo can effectively be tried in a federal district court even though there may be problems with government witnesses , " said Scott Silliman , executive director for the Center on Law , Ethics and National Security . Kaplan previously had ruled that prosecutors could n't call a key witness in the trial because Ghailani was coerced into disclosing the witness ' identity . Reaction to the verdict was quick in coming . Liz Cheney , daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney and a co-founder of the group Keep America Safe , joined in a statement from the group lashing out at the Obama administration for having "  rolled the dice in a time of war " with a civilian trial . The statement called on Obama to "  end this reckless experiment . Reverse course . Use the military commissions at Guantanamo that Congress has authorized . " Meanwhile , human rights advocates lauded Wednesday 's verdict as evidence of a fair trial , which they said signals "  the -LSB- Obama -RSB- administration should move forward with other detainees they wanted to try , " according to Dixon Osburn , spokesman for Human Rights First -- a New York-based advocacy group . "  Those that said -LSB- the trial of Guantanamo detainees in civilian courts -RSB- would be a circus were proven wrong , " he said . By contrast , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said he was "  disgusted at the total miscarriage of justice today in Manhattan 's federal civilian court . " King , who is the House 's incoming Homeland Security Committee chairman , blamed Attorney General Eric Holder for the trial 's outcome . "  He assured us that ` failure is not an option , ' " King said in a written statement . The prosecution , which made its closing arguments November 8 , had accused Ghailani in a total of 285 counts of conspiracy and terrorism-related charges . Ghailani was captured in Pakistan in 2004 and moved to Guantanamo two years later . He was transferred last year to a federal prison in New York . CNN 's Kiran Khalid and Christina Romano contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. attorney to seek life sentence against Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani Defense lawyer : Verdict reaffirms "  judicial system is the greatest ever devised " A federal jury acquitted Ghailani on all but one count of conspiracy-related charges Ghailani was convicted of conspiracy to destroy government property
Tribune Media Services  -- Alexandra Seldin prepays for a rental car through Alamo 's Web site . But when her flight is canceled , and she arrives a day late , the company charges her three times more than it originally said it would . Is it allowed to do that ? And is there any hope for a refund ? A customer 's late arrival cost her an additional $ 1,116 for her car rental . Q : My car rental company has more than tripled the rate it charged me , and I do n't know what to do . I had prepaid $ 390 for the car through Alamo 's Web site . When my flight was canceled , I called Alamo to tell it I could not get the car until the next day . I was told that my reservation would be held for 24 hours . I picked up the car the next day and returned it on time . When I dropped off the rental , a representative said the computer system was down . But when I got my bill the next month , there was an additional $ 1,116 charge because of the late pick up . I believe this additional charge to be unfair and am requesting a refund . I believe Alamo should honor its promise of the prepaid amount as well as the representation that my reservation would be held for 24 hours . Can you help ? -- Alexandra Seldin , San Diego , California A : So Alamo is charging you another $ 1,116 even though you rented one of its cars for one day less . Where 's the logic in that ? The answer : It 's airline logic . Air carriers have figured out a way to quadruple the price of a ticket depending on the time you bought it . So a "  walk-up " fare purchased at the last minute can be hundreds , and even thousands , of dollars more expensive than an advance-purchase fare . But you 're getting the same seat . You prepaid for your rental weeks in advance -- kind of like an advance-purchase ticket . But when you did n't show up as expected , the system reset your rate , charging you the more expensive "  walk-up " rate . The computer problems should have been a showstopper . When a representative says the system is down , you need to get a receipt , even if it 's handwritten . That way , if the company tries to double-dip , you can dispute the charge using the invoice as evidence that your bill was paid . Even if you have assurances that you wo n't be billed again , it 's important to monitor your credit card . A car rental company is n't going to send you an e-mail letting you know that you 're being charged more . It 's just going to quietly take it off your credit card . As soon as you see a questionable charge on your card , mention it to the company or dispute it with your credit card company . I think you would have won a credit card dispute , by the way . You would have needed to show the prepaid voucher as proof that you had already paid for the rental , and the credit card company should have sided with you . I suggested you write a brief , polite e-mail to Alamo , asking it to reverse the charges . The response ? A snippy note that said , "  Any changes to the basis of the reservation makes the rate subject to change , " and adding , "  We are disappointed that this policy is a source of dissatisfaction for you . " Alamo denied your request . Like you , I was unhappy with the denials by phone and e-mail . So I contacted Alamo for you . It promptly refunded the $ 1,116 it should have never charged you in the first place . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	A customer 's flight was canceled , and she arrived a day late for her car rental She called to let Alamo know and it said her reservation would be held She was charged an additional $ 1,116 for the rental because of the late pick up After declining a refund , Alamo was persuaded to reverse the charges
CNN  -- One poster said "  Censoring history = No Education . " Another read "  We deserve to know the truth . " The signs were just a few lining the streets as hundreds of students from at least seven Denver-area schools walked out of their classrooms Tuesday and Wednesday to protest a proposal by a member of the Jefferson County School Board , according to CNN affiliates KDVR and KMGH . The proposal calls for a new panel to review the schools ' curricula , but that 's not the part that has students and parents outraged . It is the call for a review of the Advanced Placement curriculum for U.S. history classes to ensure that teaching materials present positive aspects of U.S. history and its heritage . According to the wording of the proposal , teaching materials should "  promote citizenship , patriotism ...  and  respect for authority " and not "  encourage or condone civil disorder , social strife or disregard of the law . " "  I understand that they want to take out our very important history of slavery and dropping the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki because it portrays the U.S. in a negative light , " said Casey McAndrew , a high school senior . Banned Book Week : 10 of the most challenged books of 2013 Ben Murky , a high school junior , said , "  The censorship of U.S. history is wrong , and I think it 's pretty communist . " The protest followed walkouts by students on Monday and a protest Friday , when at least 50 teachers called in sick , according to KDVR . "  I think it 's time we hear from the kids on how it 's impacting them , because it is , and it 's very scary for them what 's happening here , " parent Andrea Stevens said . Jefferson County Superintendent Dan McMinimee tried to stem the outrage by stressing that no changes in the curriculum have been finalized . "  I think some students think this is a done deal when , in fact , it was a discussion by our board based on a resolution that one of our board members brought forward , " McMinimee said . "  There was a vigorous discussion on Thursday evening . It was tabled . " Are you there ? Share images McMinimee has visited several high schools in the past few days and met with large and small groups of students to answer their questions and listen to "  their legitimate concerns , " he said in a statement . "  I respect the right of our students to express their opinions in a peaceful manner . However , I do prefer that our students stay in class and in their buildings , " McMinimee said . The school board members have not responded to a request for comment . SOS for stressed-out teens Julie Williams , the board member advocating the history review , issued a statement after the protests , according to KDVR . "  Balance and respect for traditional scholarship is NOT censorship , " she said . "  Again we believe that exposure to the curriculum itself , not inflammatory rhetoric , will convince most parents that a review committee is a very good idea . " School board President Ken Witt said the goal is to give all of the community more of a say in what 's taught in classrooms . "  The idea is to make certain that we are expanding community involvement and community voice in curriculum , " Witt said . "  That 's not censorship . That 's the opposite of censorship . This is exactly what these students would want , I hope . " Judging by the hundreds of students who are trying to make their voices heard , it does n't appear that kind of community voice in curriculum is what they want . Why some schools are ditching grades "  They want to take away our curriculum in U.S. history , " said Ava Koppschlager , a sophomore . "  We deserve to know everything that went on . " Meantime , the Twitterverse has been having a field day with the #JeffcoSchoolBoardHistory hashtag , poking fun at what some believe is an attempt to whitewash what students are taught about U.S. history . "  The back of the bus is where the air conditioning is , so no one ever really complained , " wrote a Twitter user named Alan Franklin . "  The Vietnam war was a great victory for the US and the free North against communists in the South , " Jarret Herrmann added , also on Twitter . What do you think of a plan to review the school 's history curriculum?Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Hundreds of students staged a walkout of schools in the Denver area At issue is a school board proposal to review the U.S. history curriculum Students say the school board wants to avoid the negative aspects of U.S. history The school board president says the goal is community involvement in curriculum
KUALA LAMPUR , Malaysia  CNN  -- Malaysia will swear in a new prime minister Friday -- one tasked with reuniting a multi-racial nation and shoring up an economy in dire straits . Outgoing Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi , facing , hugs his successor , Najib Razak last week . Until now , Najib Razak had served as the Southeast Asian country 's deputy prime minister . He succeeds Abdullah Badawi who turned in his resignation after five years as leader . Both are part of Malaysia 's ruling party , the National Front Coalition , which has ruled the country since it gained independence from Britain in 1957 . But last year , a loose coalition of opposition parties won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections . It was only the second time in the country 's history that the ruling party failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . The election upset led to calls for Abdullah to step down . Various challenges await Najib : In recent months , the country has seen riots with the country 's ethnic Chinese and Indian communities who accuse the government of passing laws that favor the Malay majority . Najib has said he will do more to address their concerns . The country , like other nations around the world , has been severely affected by the global economic downturn . Critics are demanding Malaysia diversify its technology-heavy economy . Last month , Najib unveiled a multi-billion dollar stimulus plan for new spending , according to published reports . Najib also brings with him a whiff of controversy . Two former bodyguards are facing charges in connection the murder of a Mongolian model . He has denied all links to the killing .	Najib Razak to become new prime minister for Malaysia on Friday Abdullah Badawi to step down from PM post Ruling party has failed to secure majority needed to amend constitution
CNN  -- For the 300 fans who are accompanying talk show host Oprah Winfrey on what is being billed as the Ultimate Australian Adventure , the trip is a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take in the sights and wonders the country has to offer . But for Australia -- a country that heavily relies on tourism -- the investment is expected to pay off manifold in publicity , the government said Monday . The eight-day trip began last week and ends with two taped shows at the Sydney Opera House , which has been renamed Oprah House . Footing the bill for Oprah and her guests will collectively cost the government AUS $ 5 million , said Andrew McEvoy , managing director of Tourism Australia . But the value equivalent in exposure has already made it a smart investment , he said . "  Just before Oprah turned up into our country , the number was $ 38 million , " McEvoy said Monday . "  So that was three or four days ago . I can imagine that to double in the time that she 's been here . And I can imagine that to treble . " He said the number could further skyrocket next year if Oprah commits to making "  at least four hours of Oprah Winfrey television , which will go to 145 countries around the world . " Oprah and her group have visited the Great Barrier Reef , gone on a wine-tasting excursion to Hunter Valley , taken in a scenic flight over the Australian outback , partied in the Royal Botanic Gardens and trekked up the Sydney Harbour Bridge , which adorned with a big ` O ' in her honor . "  I ca n't believe the energy of Oprah herself , her crew -- they 're phenomenal , " McEvoy said , adding "  everyone is full of adrenaline . " During the media mogul 's career , many have cashed in on the "  Oprah effect , " which has launched sales of what she promotes . Oprah is in the midst of her farewell season of her show . Earlier this year , she showed her gratitude to her audience by announcing the all-expenses paid excursion . Journalist Tracey Holmes contributed to this report .	Oprah and her group are on an eight-day visit in Australia Tourism director : The Australian government will spend AUS $ 5 million He says the value equivalent in exposure is at least $ 38 million
CNN  -- Greg Mortenson , under fire for allegedly fabricating details in his best-seller "  Three Cups of Tea , " agreed in a settlement to give the charity he co-founded more than $ 1 million , nearly a year after Montana 's attorney general began investigating the organization 's financial affairs . The report issued Thursday notes the "  accusations of inaccuracies and falsehoods in the narratives " of his books "  were not the subject " of the investigation . But Attorney General Steve Bullock said his office 's investigation did find "  serious internal problems in the management " of the Bozeman , Montana-based Central Asia Institute that Mortenson helped create . Under the terms of the deal , Mortenson must repay more than $ 1 million to the charity within three years . This comes after state investigators determined Mortenson was "  double-dipping " when he did n't reimburse the institute for travel expenses he got from sponsors . Their report also stated he did not pay the charity promised royalties and charged it "  substantial personal expenses " -- like "  L.L. Bean clothing , iTunes , luggage , luxurious accommodations and even vacations . " "  When employees challenged him by attempting to get him to provide documentation to substantiate expenditures or otherwise to comply with sound management practices , he resisted and/or ignored them , " the report 's authors wrote . "  Some of them ended up leaving . " While he can remain an employee of the Central Asia Institute , Mortenson can "  no longer oversee financial aspects of the charity or serve as a voting member of the board of directors , " according to the attorney general 's office . The Central Asia Institute 's two other board members will step down after a transitional period of 12 months and a new seven-member board will be appointed in its place , according to the settlement . Its interim director , Anne Beyersdorfer , a "  longtime family friend of Mortenson , " will eventually give way to a new chief executive , Bullock told reporters Thursday . In addition , the charity faces "  more organizational and financial controls " and will be monitored by the attorney general for three years . This comes after the attorney general concluded that Mortenson "  failed to fulfill some of his responsibilities " as executive director , and gave a similar assessment of the institute 's board . Mortenson shot to worldwide fame with "  Three Cups of Tea : One Man 's Mission to Fight Terrorism and Build Nations ... One School at a Time . " The book describes his getting lost in an effort to climb the world 's second-tallest mountain , K2 , being rescued by Pakistanis in the village of Korphe and vowing to return there to build a school for local girls . About 4 million versions were sold of the paperback version alone , which spent 57 weeks on The New York Times best-seller list , the attorney general 's report said . The riveting story led to the creation of the Central Asia Institute , an organization that endeavors to improve girls ' education in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Last spring , however , the charity and Mortenson found themselves on the defensive against accusations of mismanagement and exaggeration , if not outright fabrication , of key sections from the book . This followed a critical report on CBS "  60 Minutes " in which Jon Krakauer -- the author of the best-selling "  Into Thin Air , " who said he had donated $ 75,000 to the Central Asia Institute -- said Mortenson 's account is "  a beautiful story , and it 's a lie . " Days after that report , Montana 's attorney general announced he was launching an investigation amid "  concerns ... raised about the management and financial affairs of the Central Asia Institute . " The organization recorded income of $ 14 million in 2009 , the vast majority of which was raised from private individuals , many of whom were no doubt inspired by Mortenson 's books . However , in 2009 , less than half that money actually went to building schools in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and $ 1.7 million went to promote Mortenson 's books , according to the institute 's board of directors . Mortenson resigned as his charity 's executive director last November . His successor in that post , Beyersdorfer , acknowledged in a statement on the Central Asia Institute 's website that "  this past year brought unprecedented challenges for all of us . " She said that the charity is "  pleased " that an agreement has been signed "  resolving " the attorney general 's investigation . "  While we respectfully disagree with some of the analysis and conclusions in the  attorney general 's  report , we look forward to moving ahead as an even stronger organization , " Beyersdorfer wrote . She spoke highly of the work the charity has continued to do , as well as the role that Mortenson has had -- and may continue to have on its operations going forward . "  Greg and our overseas managers have dedicated their lives to helping fulfill countless dreams and aspirations , and we are honored to continue our life-changing work together , " said Beyersdorfer . Montana 's attorney general stressed Thursday that he believes the charity has and can continue to do "  good things , " adding he hoped the settlement agreement will help restore "  donor confidence . " "  I think it 's a fair settlement that it 's in the best interests not only of the charity , but of the children of Afghanistan and others that the Central Asia Institute serves , " said Bullock .	NEW : Montana 's attorney general says the settlement can restore "  donor confidence " NEW : Greg Mortenson owed his charity for travel expenses and royalties from his books The author "  failed to fulfill ... responsibilities " as head of his charity , the state finds He had earlier come under fire for allegedly fabricating details in "  Three Cups of Tea "
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- In recent weeks , there have been two important stories developing about the 2012 campaign . On the surface , they have nothing to do directly with Herman Cain , Mitt Romney or Michele Bachmann . The stories revolve around money . American Crossroads , a political action committee founded by Karl Rove , is gearing up so that it can provide campaign funds to Republican candidates across the nation . The organization is determined to repeat its accomplishments in 2010 , just on a much grander scale . On the other side of the aisle , there have been stories about big bundlers who are raising enormous amounts of money for President Obama 's re-election campaign . According to the Huffington Post , Anna Wintour , Jeffrey Katzenberg , Jon Corzine and Harvey Weinstein are among the 100-plus bundlers who have raised more than $ 50 million for the president . According to the Washington Post , the financial and banking sectors have given President Obama more money than all the Republican candidates combined . Seems like Wall Street is not that scared of a second term . With all the ups and downs of the last decade , one thing has been constant . Private money continues to flood the political system . As a result of the Supreme Court 's decision to eliminate the ban on corporate spending , the problem will only get worse . The vast amount of private money in American politics causes enormous problems for the nation . There are many problems that money makes it more difficult for the government to resolve . The power of private money , and the enormous influence of the interest groups and individual donors who provide it , prevents government from tackling fundamental issues of the day , including issues where there would otherwise be some agreement between the two parties . For all the talk about reducing the long-term deficit and rationalizing federal spending , the chances of accomplishing this goal are minimal unless the campaign finance system is repaired . Interest groups in Washington fight hard to defend the status quo . One of the classic examples of what political scientists called the "  iron triangle , "  $ " the ironclad alliance between interest groups , government agencies and congressional committees in defense of specific programs  $ " has been the defense budget . Since the Cold War , federal dollars have gone to defense contractors who reap huge profits from the production of certain weapons systems . These companies have become integral to the economy of the communities in which their plants located , and they are protected by the legislators who represent those areas as well as Pentagon officials . Agricultural programs are another case where lobbying makes innovations or reductions in spending difficult . The congressional supercommittee dealing with deficit reduction is spinning its wheels . Indeed , The Hill reported that members of the deficit reduction committee are receiving sizable amounts of contributions from special interest groups , many of which represent sectors  such as health care  that are opposed to what the panel is attempting to accomplish . Without addressing the political dynamics that have fueled many of today 's budgetary problems , it will be difficult for Congress to enact substantial changes , or to make sure that any successful reforms last over time . A second problem is the power of financial and business interests in Washington . This is a theme that preoccupies both Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street activists . Why did Wall Street receive so much assistance through TARP while homeowners have been allowed to languish ? Protesters on the right and left talk about how policies are skewed toward these interests and how average middle-class Americans do n't receive the same kind of attention from the nation 's leaders . Business and financial interests achieve their influence in many ways . But their ability to deliver dollars to the campaign chests of candidates is crucial . Donating funds helps to ensure that these interests have a seat at the table . In 2009 , as Ron Suskind recounts in his new book , "  The Confidence Men , " Democrats learned firsthand as the health care industry successfully pushed the administration to eliminate crucial measures that were intended to control costs and save money to pay for expanded insurance . This story has been repeated in a number of policy sectors . The final problem that money fuels is gridlock . Everyone hates when Congress does n't seem capable of doing anything . A chronic complaint about Washington is that the parties are so polarized that agreement is not possible . Money is one of the culprits . Political scientists have shown how the money race pushes politicians to seek favor with ideologically oriented interest groups and political action committees who can deliver funds . Legislators need to make sure that the party leadership in each chamber , which maintains centralized control over money through leadership political action committees , will keep the purse strings open . Campaign money makes help certain that the parties are heard . Without tackling core issues such as campaign finance , gridlock that Americans seem to dislike so much will continue . When he was a candidate , Obama constantly reminded voters about this problem . Now he seems to have become comfortable or resigned to working within the system that he once criticized . At the height of the struggle over campaign finance reform in 1973 , Sen. Hubert Humphrey warned that "  it is a cesspool , it is a source of infection for the body politic . " One year later Watergate shattered American confidence in the political system . The result was burst of reform that created public finance for presidential campaigns and contribution limits , as well as the Federal Elections Commission . For almost two decades , the system worked relatively well and did produce changes until recently when both parties abandoned it . Right now there is no scandal comparable to Watergate to move American politicians . With all the attention that we pay to the horse race between Romney , Cain and Perry or the decline in President Obama 's approval ratings , the fundamentals receive little attention . The basic ways in which politics works , the underlying sources of political influence and power that will have huge effects on whoever the next president is , are barely an issue . Without reform , the chances that we will see huge shifts in policy to make government more efficient and more effective are slim . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The flood of money into U.S. politics is a scandal He says money from powerful interests prevents rational choices on budget cutting It helps explain why Wall Street got bailed out , and U.S. homeowners did n't , he says
CNN  -- Popular literature would have it that the vampire 's preferred habitat is Transylvania  or , if you 're under 15 , the slightly less glamorous Forks , Washington  . But modern day vampire hunters might better focus their attention on a little-known area of northwestern Poland , where earlier this month a suspected vampire grave was exhumed . Slawomir Gorka , who led the dig at a marketplace in the small West Pomeranian town of Kamien Pomorski , told local website kamienskie.info that several unusual aspects of the burial "  indicate that it is a vampire burial " . Teeth had been removed , a fragment of rock was inserted in the mouth , and a leg had been staked  presumably to prevent the body rising from the grave  . And this is n't the first time an interment in Poland has been deemed vampiric . Last July , archaeologists uncovered four decapitated skeletons , their heads placed between their legs , at a construction site in Gliwice , southern Poland . Both the Gliwice and Kamien Pomorski graves are estimated to date back to the 16th century . The burials may sound gruesome , but they are befitting of early medieval Polish folklore 's particularly grisly interpretation of the vampire myth . "  Specific to Polish vampires is that they are known for eating their own flesh and burial garments when they rise from the dead , " says Titus Hjelm , who convenes a course on vampires for the School of Slavonic and Eastern European Studies at University College London . He adds that this may explain the stone placed in the mouth of the skeleton . Fear of vampires was strong among Eastern Europeans in the medieval period . Professor Martyn Rady , a colleague of Hjelm 's , posits the folk tales spread from Serbia to surrounding countries following a report sent by Austrian military authorities to their superiors in Vienna . It told of a mercenary soldier who had been turned into a vampire and infected his victims , who when exhumed from their own graves were found to have fresh blood in their cavities . The report was intercepted before reaching the Austrian capital and published in newspapers . The Polish had particular reason to fear vampires rising from their graves , Hjelm explains . "  According to some sources , Poles thought that vampires were born , rather than ` made ' , " he says . "  They were normal people who could live normal lives , not aristocrats living in distant castles . The problems only started when these people died . They could come back to live with their families and even impregnate their wives . " This may account for the precautions taken during burial . Hjelm adds the notion of vampires being creatures of the night only appeared relatively recently in the 1922 film "  Nosferatu " . However , some experts warn against presuming all such unconventional burials were because of a fear of vampires . Kamil Kajkowski , an archaeologist with the West-Cassubian Museum in Byt  w , northern Poland , admits a number of strange medieval mortuary practices have been discovered during digs in Poland , the most common being those where the body is in the prone position , decapitated , or covered with stones . But the idea is these burials may just as well represent punishment for criminals rather than suspected vampires . That said , Kajkowski concedes the most recent discovery "  is certainly unusual " . "  The pierced thigh-bone and a stone inside the mouth clearly indicate that a range of atypical practices with ritual undertones were performed , " he says . "  The stone  might reflect the desire to create some kind of supernatural ` barrier ' between the dead and the world of the living . " Such peculiar last rites are not confined to medieval Poland . Kajkowski says the last recorded instance of this kind of deviant burial was in 1913 . As with the skeletons found in Gliwice last year , the head had been cut off and placed by the legs . "  Perhaps such a placement of the head ensured the dead would not be able to ` reach it ' and put it back on his neck , " he suggests . Vampiric or not , the strange range of historical graves in Poland indicate the country held deep beliefs around the ritualistic burial of certain citizens . Leszek Gardela , from the Institute of Archaeology at the University of Rzesz  w , is currently working on a research project into the phenomenon . "  Unusual mortuary practices have fascinated Polish scholars since the 1950s  when the first were discovered  , " she says . "  But so far they remain unknown to a wider international audience . It is high time to change this . " 6 destinations with a dark side Send in your best shots from Poland Read more about CNN 's sponsorship policy	Exhumed skeleton in Poland revealed unusal bural practices Some believe medieval burial was connected to fear of vampires Vampire folklore strong in the Eastern European country
CNN  -- We have met the enemy , and he is us . Debate on health care reform has once again become a miserable exhibition of seemingly irreconcilable differences , which President Obama is trying to address in his health care summit . There is a path forward , and it starts with understanding that waiting for the government to lead an uncertain reform effort is n't necessary . Prepaid integrated health systems like Kaiser Permanente , Geisinger Health System , Group Health Cooperative and HealthPartners are succeeding and innovative . It 's no coincidence that these organizations are often mentioned when describing health care providers that offer high quality care while staying affordable . Legislators should encourage such proven successes and make them available to all Americans . Integrated health systems simply assume responsibility for both the financing and delivery of care , so they try to keep patients healthy and avoid costlier illnesses and hospitalizations down the road . They are more likely to provide preventative care , such as vaccinations and cancer screening . Basically , the system we are all accustomed to in the United States separates insurance from the provision of care . That is , your doctor and hospital and your health insurance company are different institutions . This pits them against one another , because one wants to cut care whenever possible , while the other wants to provide as much care as possible , with little incentive to keep costs down . Integrated systems are simply both -- they are either insurance companies who own their own hospitals and hire their own doctors or hospital and physician groups that offer a health plan . Other innovations routinely seen in integrated systems include digital medical records , direct electronic messaging with providers , instant access to health records and test results , telehealth and home-based medical services and affordable access to primary care . Many people are determined that the United States should emulate the rest of the industrialized world and adopt a publicly subsidized system of universal coverage . Admirers of these foreign systems point to their low costs and accessible primary care services , but they may be surprised to find that successful integrated health systems in this country are organized very similarly to the most admired state-sponsored systems found overseas . Whether taxpayers help fund an institution is not the main factor for success ; rather , it is the integration between delivery and payment that creates an incentive to provide high-value care that keeps members healthy and out of hospitals . This is the mantra that guides care delivery in both the best-performing systems overseas and in prepaid integrated systems in the United States . Meanwhile , there are , of course , publicly supported health programs in the United States , including Medicare and Medicaid . Yet the same people who lament that a state-subsidized health care system would lay an unrelenting path to outright socialism hardly ever call for a dismantling of Medicare . Whether that 's because of political expediency or simple hypocrisy can be left to conjecture . What 's important is that a high-performing , state-sponsored health institution already operates in the United States -- the Veterans Health Administration . Unlike Medicare and Medicaid , however , the VA has a tightly integrated health care system that has managed to dramatically improve quality and introduce innovations , all while keeping costs in check . Killing off all state-sponsorship of health care in this country in a shortsighted resistance against progressivism would be a grave mistake . The bottom line is that we 've been arguing over the wrong question . The best health care system is n't a matter of private vs. public , or us vs. them . The debate should be about how to foster a system that is organized in a way such that its utmost concern is providing value to its patients . There is no need to import a foreign system ; we already have many similar systems in existence . The biggest hurdle is that , despite their advantages , integrated systems only serve about 5 percent of the population . Entrenched players in the health care industry stand opposed to integrated care . If legislators truly want to make health care better , they will encourage the development of more integrated systems so that everyone has access to multiple options in a competitive marketplace . Maintaining a vibrant , innovative private sector is critical , but we also ca n't ignore the success of many integrated , publicly subsidized systems abroad . Fostering the growth of our own integrated health systems in the private sector addresses the right question and offers the opportunity for us to have the best system of all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Hwang .	Jason Hwang touts integrated health systems , which handle finances and care Hwang : They have incentive to keep patients healthy and avoid costly illnesses He writes that the best health care is n't a matter of private vs. public , but how it 's organized Hwang says VA has a tightly integrated , high-quality health care system
CNN  -- Portuguese distance runner Helder Ornelas has been handed a four-year ban after becoming the first athlete to fall foul of the IAAF 's Biological Passport program . After abnormalities in his "  blood profile " were flagged up in May 2011 , the world governing body went back to scrutinize a series of blood test results for the 38-year-old between December 2009 and November 2010 . Three experts in the field of haematology concluded Ornelas had used a prohibited substance or a prohibited method and the IAAF referred the case to the Portuguese Athletic Federation for adjudication . Citing "  aggravating circumstances " the IAAF sought an increased four-year sanction despite it being a Ornelas ' first doping offense . Ornelas , who won the Milan Marathon in 2005 and finished eighth in the long race at the 2001 IAAF World Cross Country Championships , did not exercise his right of appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . IAAF President Lamine Diack said : "  Those who try to cheat within the athletics community should be warned that the Athlete Biological Passport is not merely a concept but rather an efficient method to identify , target and catch those who believe that doping is the only route to success . "  Cheaters should also be aware that , if they are caught , the IAAF will seek an increased four-year sanction whenever the circumstances so justify , " he added in a statement released Wednesday .	Portuguese athlete Helder Ornelas gets four-year ban Ornelas first to be sanctioned under IAAF Athlete Biological Passport program Abnormalities in his blood profile were detected over a period of a year The 38-year-old Ornelas won the Milan Marathon in 2005
CNN  -- This election should have been a walkover for the Republicans . The economy is sluggish and the United States is beset with crises abroad . Yet , Mitt Romney has committed one gaffe after another , almost as if he actually wants to lose . Perhaps the multi-millionaire has decided that the White House is too small for him . On Monday night , Romney was hit with what we might call a "  pre-gaffe " when a private statement that he made months ago suddenly hit the Web . The video shows Romney apparently dismissing the 47 % of Americans who he says do n't pay federal income taxes as freeloaders . For someone who is often portrayed as cynical and uncaring , this is not good news . What will we see next ? Leaked footage of Romney stealing candy from a baby ? There 's cause for Republicans to panic . Some commentators are starting to ask , "  Did Romney just lose the election ? " When I first saw the "  47 % " video , I wrote that it had to damage Romney 's already poor likeability ratings and maybe even cost him the White House . But , after a couple of days of reflection , I think there 's still reason for Republicans to have hope . Not least because the polls point to a closer election than the headlines do . But I 'll come to that in a moment . First , it 's helpful to put the "  47 % " speech into historical perspective , which suggests that "  gaffes never matter . " Every campaign has a moment when the candidate says something they should n't have , and it is n't necessarily the end of the road . Opinion : Romney better off as a Latino ? In April 2008 , in the middle of his primary race against Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama gave a speech in which he said that poverty caused "  bitter " people to "  cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who are n't like them . " His opponents went wild , but this kind of "  cat out of the bag " statement tends to matter far more to fervent activists than it does to ordinary voters . After all , Obama won the primary and the general election . Four years later , it 's only Republican activists who still say they are "  proud to be clinging to my guns and religion " -- as if the statement has any contemporary relevance . In 2016 , Democratic activists will probably be driving around with faded bumper stickers that read , "  47 Percent -- And Proud ! " The rest of us will have long forgotten what that means . Over time , sober analysis might slowly turn in Romney 's favor , too . Consider how Obama 's words were taken out of context . He was really making a case for why liberals had to renew their efforts to improve people 's finances , "  to get people persuaded that we can make progress when there 's not evidence of that in their daily lives . " Likewise , Romney was actually arguing that there was no point pitching his low tax policy to the 47 % of Americans who already do n't pay income taxes because ... they do n't pay taxes . What he meant by "  I do n't have to worry about them , " was that he did n't need to court their vote . He was n't saying that if he saw them begging in the street he 'd drive his limo straight on by . In fact , the "  47 % " speech reads a lot better on the page than it sounds on the video . Part of Romney 's problem is n't the content of his ideas , but the ubiquitous context of wealth and power . His host was a one-percenter with a taste for extravagant parties , and Romney delivered his line as if sharing the inner workings of a Ponzi scheme . Despite Romney 's personality problem , he is n't doing nearly as badly in the polls as the punditry suggests . In fact , the day after the 47 % video leaked , Gallup released a poll that showed the president only 1 percentage point ahead of the Republican challenger . Ironically , the pollster also reported that he has surprising support among people with low incomes . This would seem to prove that Obama 's convention bounce was only temporary and that he remains vulnerable . More importantly , the public has n't punished Romney for a serious gaffe he made over Egypt . Critics accused him of jumping the gun when he lambasted a statement released by the U.S. Embassy in Cairo condemning a film considered offensive to Islam -- protests against which later resulted in the death of four Americans in Libya . If they 're prepared to forgive him for that snafu , perhaps they 'll ignore this one , too . Take a look at the electoral map and you 'll see that Obama has momentum in the swing states . But not much . According to RealClearPolitics ' average of polls , he 's ahead 4.2 percentage points in Ohio , 3 points in Virginia , 2.7 points in Wisconsin , and 1.4 points in Florida . That puts Romney well within striking distance and that 's even before he 's had a chance to land some punches in the debates . Opinion : How Romney really feels about Republicans Never underestimate the power of events or the flexibility of polls . We do n't know what 's going to happen between now and November , and the recent crises in the Middle East show how unsettled things are . Around this point in 1980 , Carter was running even with Reagan . Things changed then ; things can change now . Ultimately , Romney still has an advantage when it comes to the grand narrative of this campaign . A lot of the 2012 election has been about character and culture -- which candidate do you like best and where do they stand on same-sex marriage or abortion . But voters consistently tell pollsters that the issue they really care about is the economy . As long as they actually vote on that matter -- and as long as unemployment remains high -- Romney is in with a chance . Republicans should n't give up hope just yet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : Mitt Romney 's secretly taped remarks hurt his cause but are n't fatal He says Romney may find , like other politicians , that gaffes often do n't stick Polls in recent days show the race remains close , Stanley says Stanley : Voters remain focused mostly on the economy , and that could be a Romney strength
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats and Republicans narrowly averted a partial shutdown of the federal government Friday night , agreeing on a budget deal and a short-term funding extension little more than an hour before the clock struck midnight and time ran out . The new funding extension , which cuts spending by $ 2 billion , will last through next Thursday . "  The government will be open for business , " President Barack Obama said . "  In the final hours before our government would have been forced to shut down , leaders in both parties reached an agreement that will allow our small businesses to get the loans they need , our families to get the mortgages they applied for , and hundreds of thousands of Americans to show up at work and take home their paychecks on time . " Negotiators capped days of frantic closed-door talks and public recriminations by agreeing on a framework for a package of $ 38.5 billion in spending cuts covering the rest of the fiscal year , which expires September 30 . Republicans , bolstered by their capture of the House of Representatives in last November 's midterm elections , had initially pushed for $ 61 billion in cuts . Opinion : How did we get to brink of shutdown ? A GOP push to strip $ 317 million in federal funding from Planned Parenthood failed . Democrats also turned back Republican attempts to get federal dollars currently set aside for family planning and women 's health turned into block grants for states . Such a move would have given governors and state legislatures more ability to cut funding for services opposed by conservatives . Sources told CNN , however , that leaders of the Democratic-controlled Senate agreed to hold separate votes on both measures , as well as on an initiative to repeal President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul . Lessons learned from past shutdowns Obama praised the agreement , calling the cuts "  painful " but necessary to secure the country 's economic future . This "  is what the American people expect us to do , " the president said at the White House . "  That 's why they sent us here . " "  This has been a lot of discussion and a long fight , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . Republicans fought to "  create a better environment for job creators in our country . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called the deal "  difficult but important for the country . " Nevertheless , the furious down-to-the-wire talks portend even tougher rounds of negotiations when Congress takes up an increase in the nation 's debt ceiling and the fiscal year 2012 budget in the months ahead . If the negotiations had failed , approximately 800,000 government workers would have been furloughed . A range of government services would have come to halt . Obama noted earlier in the week that the mechanism of shutting down government operations had already started . An inability to reach a deal would have hurt federal workers , people who rely on government services and the nation 's broader economic recovery , he warned . Belief Blog -- My Take : Culture war in budget battle "  For us to go backwards because Washington could n't get its act together is unacceptable , " the president said . Top aides on both sides of the aisle had seemed increasingly resigned to the prospect of a shutdown . Congressional staffers began receiving their furlough notices Thursday afternoon . Friday 's agreement to slash $ 38.5 billion in spending comes on top of two previous funding extensions that included $ 10 billion in cuts . Republicans , under pressure from the conservative Tea Party movement to reduce the size of government , blame Democrats for failing to pass a fiscal year 2011 budget last year when they controlled both the Senate and the House . They also say Obama and his party are ignoring the peril of rising federal deficits and the national debt . Democrats call the $ 61 billion in cuts initially pushed by the Republicans extreme , and argue reductions of that scale would have harmed the economic recovery while damaging education and innovation programs essential for continued growth . The budget brinkmanship showed the political stakes of the situation , with both parties trying to depict the other as unwilling to do what 's right for the country . It also demonstrated the cavernous gap between the two parties on social issues . Democrats said the Republican drive to defund Planned Parenthood proves the GOP is fixated on abortion and other issues related to women 's health . Republicans repeatedly insisted that the size of spending reductions was the main cause of the dispute in recent days . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , John King , Kate Bolduan , Brianna Keilar , Terry Frieden , Ed Henry and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : A temporary measure will keep the government funded through next Thursday NEW : The deal calls for $ 38.5 billion in spending cuts NEW : Obama calls the cuts "  painful " but necessary
CNN  Sharp angles , fragmented glass , scaffolding , bright lights , looming robotics -- these elements tower over ghostly , apparition-like people scurrying to and from their destinations . In these images , amid bustling city of Tokyo , the overflow of people looks almost like rushing water -- no more than a fleeting presence . In a generation where photographs are taken to establish a person 's presence , marking where they are , where they 've been and whom they were with , photographer Matthew Pillsbury 's work takes a different approach . The people in his work have an evanescent quality . "  The fact that the static elements , the city , the spaces , remain sharp , but the people are the ones fading -- it certainly is something that makes us question how our time is finite and how are we spending that time , " says Pillsbury . It is this very transient , otherworldly aspect of photography that 's captivated him . "  When using longer exposures I 'm also capturing something that is only visible in a photograph , but yet we know it to be fundamentally true . " Pillsbury , born to American parents in France , has had a deep-seated love for cultural exchange and expressing that through the medium of photography . This art form he says , allows him to capture a "  given period of time in a single image , and in doing so it allows us a reflection that 's just a different experience . " Reflection is exactly what Pillsbury has been achieving with his work for over the past decade . On crowded city streets , a long exposure will only capture those who stand still for a moment . With the clear implications of mortality in his imagery , Pillsbury stresses the importance of asking questions with his art as opposed to offering a solution or supplying answers . Many of his previous works have focused on the use of technology in modern life and our interaction with humanity as a result . The project Tokyo , which was recently featured in the Benrubi gallery in New York , took a different look at technology as the landscape in which people move around . What drew Pillsbury to Tokyo was the dichotomy of a culture that was caught in a dance between past and present : Holding onto traditions , ancient temples , festivals and ceremonies while embracing technology and modernism . Places like Robot Bar , are standard in the city . Pillsbury describes the scene as a restaurant mixed with a rock concert and a nightclub . This loud , boisterous environment is a magnet for the younger generations . Yet the older customs and generations still have a large influence . The two worlds collide when the cherry blossoms bloom . When the winter breaks and warm air is ushered in , and the first cherry blossoms bloom , an announcement goes out in the paper , marking the countdown till full bloom . And then the city stops everything else to focus with eager anticipation on preparing for the festivities . During full bloom all generations are accounted for -- out meandering on sidewalks and picnicking on the lawn . Throngs of people are greeted by lanterns hanging from scaffolding at the first Hanami . Even in the pouring rain the festivities continue , and as the blossoms fall from the trees , people stop to clap . Those that stop to soak in the moment are the only ones that appear sharp in Pillsbury 's photographs . When capturing moments like this , Pillsbury is guided by the available light . "  What I love about using long exposures is that there is only so much I can anticipate about what the actual result is going to look like and the fact that I still am often surprised by the result is part of the magic to me . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The element of surprise makes a shot more compelling for Pillsbury -- reacting to the reality around him , instead of forcing his ideas onto the landscape . While most of photography is about asserting a human presence , the poeticism of Pillsbury 's work is that it echoes our sense of time passing . Matthew Pillsbury is an American photographer based in New York . He is represented by Benrubi Gallery .	Photographer Matthew Pillsbury took long exposure photographs using only available light Pillsbury 's project Tokyo was recently exhibited at the Benrubi Gallery in New York
Washington  CNN  -- It was a tale of two rulings -- the best of times and the worst of times for Obamacare in the federal appeals courts . First , a three-judge panel of the D.C. Circuit court of appeals ruled Tuesday against a key component of the law -- the federal subsidies for millions of people who signed up for health coverage . The 2-1 decision created a legal path for a possible Supreme Court case that could essentially gut the 2010 Affordable Care Act , which passed with zero GOP votes . A few hours later , all three judges on a 4th Circuit panel in Virginia decided the opposite by declaring the subsidies legal and proper . What the court decisions mean for you Opposing rulings The opposing rulings increased the chances for the issue to reach the nation 's highest court , and demonstrated the deep political divisions over the law despised by conservatives intent on undermining it . Both judges in the majority of the 2-1 D.C. Circuit ruling were appointed by Republican presidents , while all three in the unanimous 4th Circuit panel were appointed by Democratic presidents . Republicans immediately hailed the D.C. panel 's ruling against the subsidies as evidence of what they called fatal flaws in the health care law . "  This is yet more evidence that Obamacare is not working -- and can not work -- for the American people , " said GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , who faces a conservative primary challenger questioning his right-wing credentials . At the White House , spokesman Josh Earnest expressed confidence in the administration 's legal position , saying Congress clearly intended for all Americans to have access to tax credits if needed so they could afford health insurance . CNN Poll : Obama 's numbers not great but holding steady The issue : subsidies The legal argument involves a provision in the health care law that says people who obtained coverage through state-run exchanges can get federal subsidies such as tax credits . It does n't specifically say that those signing up on the federal exchange also are eligible . Opponents of the law contend that lack of specificity renders illegal the subsidies for anyone who enrolled through the federal exchange . Only 14 states and the District of Columbia set up their own exchanges , meaning that the 4.7 million who signed up for subsidized health coverage through HealthCare.gov could be affected . "  It will kill Obamacare , " Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said of an eventual Supreme Court ruling against the subsidies . "  It would make it very difficult for Obamacare to continue because the cost of health care is going to go sky high for those who are not in the state exchange . " For now , the law remains unchanged and the subsidized policies are unaffected until the legal case plays out , Earnest told reporters . The Justice Department said the government would appeal the D.C. panel 's decision . Partisan divide The easiest fix -- changing the law to specify that it allows subsidies for coverage purchased through the federal government as well as state exchanges -- would mean reopening the debate in Congress . Unlike last time , when Democrats held majorities in both the House and Senate , Republicans now control the House and are expected to make gains in the November election , perhaps taking over the Senate too . That means Obama and Democrats have no chance of getting Congress to approve any remedial change in the law . Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , one of the leading crusaders against the health care act , argued Tuesday that the federal subsidies amounted to assuming funding powers the Constitution granted Congress . Earnest , however , said Congress intended "  to ensure that every eligible American who applied for tax credits to make their health insurance more affordable would have access to those tax credits , whether or not the marketplace was operated by federal officials or state officials . " White House revises contraception opt out Ambiguity The opposing rulings Tuesday pivoted over the meaning of the word "  ambiguous . " In Richmond , the 4th Circuit judges labeled the Affordable Care Act ambiguous on whether subsidies should be allowed for consumers getting insurance on federal exchanges . When a law is ambiguous , courts give deference to a federal agency 's interpretation of the law , which in this case is the Internal Revenue Service rule allowing the subsidies . The D.C. Circuit decision concluded that Obamacare was unambiguous in restricting subsidies to insurance purchased on exchanges "  established by the state , " rather than the federal exchange . In his dissent , though , appellate Judge Harry Edwards -- a Democratic appointee -- argued that labeling the phrase "  established by the state " as unambiguous "  strains fruitlessly to show plain meaning when there is none to be found . " Republicans to sue Obama over health law Obamacare : Your guide to health insurance terms CNNMoney 's Tami Luhby and CNN 's Joe Johns and Bill Mears contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen .	NEW : One ruling goes against the government , another supports its position The rulings reignite the fierce political debate over Obamacare For now , nothing changes until the cases completes the legal process The issue would impact those who signed up for Obamacare on the federal exchange
CNN  Personal details including the passport numbers of U.S. President Barack Obama and 19 other world leaders at last year 's G20 summit were inadvertently released by Australia 's immigration department , British newspaper the Guardian reported Monday . An official mistakenly sent the passport , visa and other details of all leaders at the summit to local organizers of the Asian Cup football tournament , which was held in Australia in January , the newspaper reported . The recipient immediately destroyed the data and the information was not distributed further , a spokesman for Australia 's Department of Immigration and Border Protection told CNN . Besides Obama , world leaders at the summit , held in the Australian city of Brisbane in November , included Russian President Vladimir Putin , China 's President Xi Jinping , India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister David Cameron , among others . A spokesman for the Department of Immigration and Border Protection told CNN in a statement that the "  breach was immediately referred to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner . " "  The Department has reviewed and strengthened its email protocols to limit and contain future breaches . "  READ MORE : Mixed fortunes for leaders as summit comes to a close	An Australian immigration official mistakenly sent personal details of leaders at the G20 The data was immediately destroyed by the recipient , an organizer of the Asian Cup soccer tournament The G20 summit was held in Brisbane , Australia in November
CNN  Thousands of Singaporeans gathered in pouring rain Sunday to bid farewell to Lee Kuan Yew , the Southeast Asian city-state 's founding prime minister who charted its spectacular economic rise . Draped in the national flag , Lee 's coffin was taken on a solemn procession through the sodden streets of the tropical city , where crowds of mourners defied the downpour to pay their last respects . The funeral service was attended by dozens of foreign dignitaries , including former U.S. President Bill Clinton and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi . "  The light that has guided us all these years has been extinguished . We have lost our founding father Mr. Lee Kuan Yew , who lived and breathed Singapore all his life , " Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , who is one of Lee 's sons , said in a eulogy . Lee died early Monday morning at age 91 , prompting an outpouring of grief and tributes from around the world . He had been admitted to the hospital with pneumonia on February 5 . Born in 1923 , Lee co-founded Singapore , a former British colony , in 1965 when it declared its independence from Malaysia . He served as its prime minister for more than three decades , shaping the once poor trading post into a wealthy financial center . He continued to play an important role in government until his final years . After Lee 's death , hundreds of thousands of people joined huge lines to pay respects to the former leader as his body lay in state at Singapore 's Parliament House for several days last week . The procession Sunday weaved past a number of notable Singapore landmarks on the way to the University Cultural Centre , where the state funeral service took place . "  Together , we came not only to mourn . Together , we celebrate Mr. Lee Kuan Yew 's long and full life , and what he has achieved with us , his people , " his son said in his eulogy . Lee was also honored by a 21-gun salute and a minute of silence , as well as displays by the Singapore Air Force and the Singapore Navy . The funeral service was to be followed by a private cremation . Other international figures attending the funeral included Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , Leader of the U.K. House of Commons William Hague and former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger . Although Lee is admired for the economic success he helped Singapore achieve , he also drew criticism for curbing media freedoms and the treatment of political opponents . "  While remembering his deeds that helped build Singapore up to what it is today , the government should also mark the passing of Lee Kuan Yew , by making a break from the politics of yesteryear that were too often marked by restrictions on basic civil and political rights , " Phil Robertson , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division , said in a statement Sunday .	"  The light that has guided us all these years has been extinguished , " Lee 's son says Crowds line the streets fo the city-state to pay final respects to Lee , who died Monday
CNN  -- Funeral services were held Sunday for Saudi Crown Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz , a hard-line conservative credited with pushing back al Qaeda . Nayef , named crown prince in October by his brother the king , was heir to the Saudi throne . Saudi state TV , which reported his death Saturday , broadcast Quran readings as an expression of mourning for the prince , who died in Geneva , Switzerland . He was in his late 70s . "  It is a shock . We all knew his health was frail , but his death is a shock , " Saudi Foreign Ministry spokesman Osama Nogali said . "  We still do n't know the reason behind his death . " The Saudi Press Agency published a statement from the Royal Court , saying it "  condoles the Saudi people on the deceased prince pray to God to bless his soul and to reward him for his services to his religion and homeland . " Nayef 's body arrived at the Grand Mosque in Mecca on Sunday . He was to be buried following the funeral in Al-Adel cemetery in Mecca , according to Oussama Nogali , Saudi foreign ministry spokesman . Saudi King Abdullah was in attendance at the funeral , along with Gen. Hussein Tantawi , head of Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . After the funeral , a period of mourning -- most likely for three days -- will be announced , a Saudi official said . The official asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . U.S. President Barack Obama released a statement Saturday offering his condolences . "  Under his leadership , the United States and Saudi Arabia developed a strong and effective partnership in the fight against terrorism , one that has saved countless American and Saudi lives , " Obama said . He praised Nayef for supporting a broad partnership between Saudi Arabia and the United States . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden similarly offered his condolences , and hailed the former leader as an important ally in the fight against terror . It is expected that authorities selected by the king to choose a successor will meet as soon as the mourning period is over , the official said . A new crown prince could be named within the next three to four days , the source said . Nayef served as Saudi interior minister since 1975 , overseeing the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . He also served as deputy premier . A classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks described Nayef as a hard-line conservative who was lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives . Nayef led the crackdown against hard-line Islamists who took control of Mecca in 1979 and also oversaw the smashing of Saudi-based al Qaeda cells in the mid-2000s . In recent years , his son , Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , has led the kingdom 's fight against al Qaeda as the elder Nayef seemed to have taken more of backseat . On Saturday , the Bahrain state-run news agency announced three days of mourning in that country and ordered flags to be lowered to half-staff there and at its embassies abroad . Kuwait also announced a three-day mourning period . CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mohammed Jamjoom and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : The crown prince will be buried at Al-Adel cemetery in Mecca Nayef was heir to the Saudi throne He had served as interior minister since 1975
CNN  -- The nation 's news media are sure to cover the one-year anniversary of the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School extensively on Saturday . But for the most part , these news organizations say they will acquiesce to the requests of local community members and not report from Newtown , Connecticut , the town where Adam Lanza killed 20 first-graders and six adults at the now-demolished school on December 14 , 2012 . The massacre was the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . CNN said in a statement that while it "  plans to cover the one-year anniversary across our networks and platforms , we are respecting the wishes of the families , and we are not reporting from Newtown on Saturday . " Similarly , an NBC spokeswoman said in an e-mail that "  NBC News is respecting the town 's wishes and our broadcasts have no plans to be in Newtown for the anniversary . " Other television networks issued almost identical statements when contacted . Such decisions are exceptionally rare for news organizations and underline the tension between the necessity of covering tragedy and respecting the people who are being covered -- in this case , parents with dead children and their neighbors . What really makes schools safer ? In the run-up to the anniversary , Newtown officials said they hoped the press would not descend on the small town , stirring debate about what reporters should and should not do . "  We are wishing fervently that those many persons who wish us well , and the media , will allow us this time to be alone and quiet with time for personal and communal reflection , " said Pat Llodra , the town 's first selectman , a role similar to that of mayor . But the job of journalists is , at times , to document such reflection and share it with the public . The Associated Press said it will provide "  respectful coverage " of the anniversary Saturday , "  as we have since Day One of Newtown 's tragedy . " "  As a news cooperative , owned by some 1,400 daily newspapers across the country , and as a provider of news and information to hundreds of other customers worldwide , AP also recognizes its obligation to report on how Newtown is coming together to mourn and heal , " a spokesman for the news organization said . Many news organizations visited Newtown ahead of the anniversary to conduct reporting to televise and publish on Saturday . CBS News was among those , and the network signaled this week it would not have a camera crew in the town Saturday . "  We are sensitive to the families ' concerns and will cover the anniversary in the least intrusive way possible , " said Tim Gaughan , director of special events for CBS News . Newtown residents plead for privacy Newspaper and online journalists are generally able to maintain low profiles on sensitive assignments , with notebooks and cell phones the only necessary tools of the trade . Television journalists , on the other hand , are more often accompanied by intrusive cameras , microphones and trucks . Like the national networks , local television stations in Connecticut have said they will avoid using Newtown as a backdrop for live shots . Kelly McBride , an editor of the book "  The New Ethics of Journalism : Principles for the 21st Century , " wrote in a Poynter Institute blog post Friday that it "  would be wrong to leave the anniversary itself unnoticed , " but that such coverage can and should be done with sensitivity . "  We live in a media world of excess . With self-discipline , restraint and a sense of service to our audience -- rather than to our ratings or web metrics -- journalists should be able to provide meaningful stories a year after Newtown , " McBride wrote . "  And possibly such efforts can set the tone for future tragedies . " U.S. school violence fast facts	Saturday is one-year anniversary of mass shooting at Newtown , Connecticut , school CNN and most other news organizations say they wo n't report from town on Saturday Newtown officials had urged media to respect families , not descend on the small town
Dallas  CNN  -- Severe weather hit the Houston area Monday , flooding streets and homes and leaving thousands of people without power , emergency officials said . Torrential rain fell across the area , causing flash flooding that left streets and highways impassable and submerged some vehicles . "  We have a lot of roadways closed , and some evacuations are going on , " said Alan Spears of the Fort Bend County office of emergency management . In the city of Richmond , rescues were conducted by boat and on foot . Spears said he believes a tornado touched down in the area . "  We had 7,000 people without power in the county , " he said . iReport : Are you there ? Send in your stories , videos , photos Sixty miles southeast , in Texas City , a law enforcement officer witnessed what appeared to be a tornado strike near the Mall of Midland , the National Weather Service reported . The Houston/Galveston weather forecast office will examine the area and two other reported areas on Tuesday to confirm reported strikes , said Timothy Oram , an emergency response meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Fort Worth . As much as 6.3 inches of rain had fallen in the past day , nearly all of it during the previous 12 hours , Oram said late Monday afternoon . At Houston Hobby Airport , 4.05 inches of rain fell , which douses the previous January 9 record of 2.54 inches set in 1955 , according to Oram . Though flash flood warnings were still in effect for Chambers County and Galveston County , the worst was over , he said . "  It 's moved off to the northeast ; things should be improving here , " he told CNN . Video from Fort Bend County showed wind damage , including debris from building roofs and broken glass , and people trapped by the storm described terrifying moments . One resident said he felt the wind pushing into his home just before the garage door fell in and the front door of his home was blown open . "  It just kept getting louder and louder and louder , " Umair Sayyed told CNN affiliate KPRC . Sayyed said he and his mother and sister sheltered inside a closet moments before the roof fell and rain poured into his home . Michael Walter , spokesman for the Houston Office of Emergency Management , said the city conducted 20 to 30 high-water rescues . The rain was falling so hard and fast in Houston that the weather service recorded 1.6 inches in just 10 minutes . No injuries were reported . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 4 inches fall at Houston Hobby Airport , setting a record National Weather Service to investigate possible tornado touchdowns Houston has conducted 20 to 30 high-water rescues , another official says
CNN  -- France 's controversial 75 % tax for high earners drove award-winning actor Gerard Depardieu to take Russian citizenship . Now , French football clubs are going on strike to protest the legislation 's planned implementation next year , claiming it will make them less competitive against European rivals and cause further financial hardship . The Professional Union of Football Clubs  UCPF  announced Thursday that they will boycott all matches in the top two divisions scheduled between November 29-December 2 . It will be the first such strike in France since 1972 , when players protested about their salaries , and will be the first in a major European league since the start of the 2010-11 Italian season was disrupted . "  This unprecedented day must be the occasion for the silent majority of French football to express its opposition , " UCPF president Jean-Pierre Louvel said in a statement Thursday . The 75 % tax will apply to players who earn more than $ 1 million  $ 1.38 million  a year . Under the law 's initial wording the earners themselves would have had to pay it , but after protests Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party government moved the responsibility to their employers . However , the UCPF claims this is unfair as its clubs are losing money anyway -- racking up a combined deficit of $ 108 million  $ 149 million  at the end of the 2011-12 season . Their total debt for the last three season amounts to $ 303 million  $ 418 million  . "  This tax , unfair and discriminatory , is estimated by the professional football industry at $ 44m  $ 60m  per year , " the UCPF said . "  The economic crisis has not spared these clubs , who have seen their income from ticketing and TV rights decreased for the last three years in a row . " The UCPF claims the tax will make French clubs less competitive against European rivals in countries which have lower taxes . "  In a context of a deregulated European competition where players have the ability to go and play everywhere they want , the French clubs -- if they want to stay competitive -- can not massively decrease their remunerations , " it said . "  For similar salaries , a player in France is costing the clubs 33 % more than a player would in Germany , England , Spain or Italy . " The UCPF , which says it pays $ 130 million  $ 179.5 million  to amateur sports each year as an act of "  solidarity , " claims the tax will cost jobs in the French football industry -- which employs 25,000 people . ` We wish to open all the stadiums to all the fans , football lovers , those people who make French football on a daily basis , " Louvel said of the strike . "  The supporters , amateur players , associations , volunteers , coaches , agents and employees . All of those who will suffer from the consequences of this unfair tax . The social role of football will be impacted by the consequences of this measure . " The tax will hit clubs to varying degrees . Big-spending champion Paris Saint-Germain , which has invested more than $ 200 million  $ 276 million  in players since being bought by a Qatari consortium in 2011 , may have to pay just under half the clubs ' $ 44 million bill according to reports estimating its salary bills . Monaco , backed by a Russian billionaire , would next season be exempt as it does not fall under French tax laws -- and the principality club says it will fight the league 's plans to change its status in future .	French football clubs to go on strike next month for the first time since 1972 They are protesting next year 's planned introduction of a 75 % tax for high earners Clubs say they are already losing money and tax will make them less competitive Strike will halt France 's top two divisions between November 29 to December 2
CNN  -- Ever since Myo 's head was smashed into a block of ice he 's had trouble hearing . The Burmese man , whose name has been changed for his safety , was on a fishing boat in Thailand last year when it happened . He had left Myanmar , also known as Burma , thinking he was going to work in a factory processing pineapple . But when he arrived in Thailand , he says , his recruiters sold him to a boat captain for the equivalent of around $ 430 . After being held on the vessel for 10 months , working against his will and suffering regular beatings , he finally managed to escape . Myo 's story features in the United States ' latest report on countries efforts to fight modern slavery around the world . It echoes numerous other accounts told by trafficking survivors to international media and human rights groups in Thailand in recent years . Many are foreign migrants who report being forced into labor or prostitution ; some face physical abuse or even death . The lucky ones escape or know someone who can pay the exorbitant price for their release . For four years the U.S. State Department has warned Thailand that it has n't been doing enough to combat human trafficking . It said the country was a source , transit point and destination for trafficking , with ethnic minorities and citizens of neighboring countries at particular risk of exploitation in the sex trade and forced labor . In the State Department 's 2012 and 2013 Trafficking in Persons  TIP  report , Thailand faced relegation to the worst category , but received waivers based on a plan to bring itself into compliance with minimum standards for eliminating trafficking . On Friday , when the State Department released its 2014 report , it automatically downgraded Thailand to the lowest possible ranking , after the country reached its limit of waivers and failed to show significant improvement . Now , the Southeast Asian nation shares the "  Tier 3 " category with 22 other countries , putting it on par with the likes of North Korea , Syria and the Central African Republic . Sihasak Phuangketkheow , the permanent secretary to Thailand 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , called the move "  a great disappointment . " "  I do know that Thailand has been doing much better than those countries in that category , " he said . "  So I ask U.S. whether Thailand should be in that category . " Sihasak said Thailand will continue efforts to tackle this problem . The downgrade means Thailand could see the withdrawal of non-humanitarian U.S. assistance , and its opposition to funding from international institutions like the World Bank and International Monetary Fund . Although anti-trafficking advocates , like the Alliance to End Slavery and Trafficking , believe the U.S. is unlikely to impose such sanctions in practice to preserve security , and economic ties between the two nations . Progress ? Thai authorities acknowledge there is a problem . "  Human trafficking is one of the worst forms of human indignity and Thailand is committed to eliminating this inhumane exploitation , " the Thai Ambassador to the United States , Vijavat Isarabhakdi , said in a recent press statement . But he insisted significant progress has been made in tackling the issue , and that efforts made in 2013 exceeded the State Department 's criteria for an upgrade . "  We 're not doing it just because it might impact our trade ... we think that it 's a scourge that needs to be eradicated in Thailand and other countries , " Isarabhakdi told CNN . He pointed to the number of trafficking convictions -- 225 defendants were convicted in 2013 , over four times more than the previous year . The government took legal action against more than 150 illegal labor recruitment companies for alleged corruption , forced labor , human trafficking and smuggling . The police carried out over 28,000 police inspections in workplaces suspected of being used for commercial sex and forced labor , he said . "  So in total , I think that we 've been doing a lot , but we acknowledge the fact that much more needs to be done , " he added . Yet Thailand 's law enforcement efforts remain "  insufficient " compared to the size of the issue , the State Department said . "  In Thailand , we have a lot of beginnings that will hopefully come to fruition , but the report does n't look at promises , it looks at results , " said Luis CdeBaca , the U.S. Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons . "  In this coming year , we hope we 'll see success with the new round of cases that there have been some arrests in . We 're seeing some good numbers from police , but what happens when the prosecutors get the cases ? What happened when the judges hear the cases ? " Prostitution , slavery at sea Two of the biggest areas of concern are sex trafficking , and forced labor , especially in the fishing industry . The majority of Thai victims identified during 2013 were found in the country 's billion dollar sex industry , according to the State Department . The exact number of women and children exploited through prostitution in Thailand is unknown , but estimates from researchers and non-profit groups put the figure in the tens of thousands . Victims are subject to sex trafficking in venues that cater to local demand , along with establishments in tourist hubs like Bangkok and Chiang Mai that cater to foreigners , the State Department said . Thailand is also the world 's third-largest exporter of seafood . A 2013 study published by the U.N. 's International Labor Organization  ILO  found that 17 % of around 600 fishermen in Thailand said they worked against their will and were unable to leave for threat of financial penalties , the threat of violence or being reporting to authorities . Around six in 10 migrants who had been forced to work on Thai fishing boats said they had seen the murder of another worker , according to a 2009 survey from the U.N. Inter-Agency Project on Human Trafficking . Corruption According to the State Department , Thailand 's efforts to address trafficking are being hampered by "  corruption at all levels . " Some corrupt officials have even protected brothels and food processing facilities from raids and inspections , the TIP report said . Police officers at the local and national level , who had been assigned to regions notorious for trafficking , formed protective relationships with traffickers . Immigration officials and police have allegedly sold migrants who were unable to pay labor brokers and sex traffickers , according to the report . "  There are cases of suspected corruption , and in all the cases , investigations have been or are being carried out , " Ambassador Isarabhakdi said . "  At least 33 police officers and also five high-ranking police officials were , or are being , punished under the civil or criminal processes . So many of the cases are still in the process but many have been punished already . " The State Department acknowledged Thailand has improved its system for collecting anti-trafficking data , but says authorities have demonstrated little effort in addressing reports of debt bondage among foreign migrants in commercial sectors , and have not made "  sufficient efforts " to proactively identify trafficking victims . It also warned that the use of harsh criminal defamation laws to prosecute those who researched or reported on trafficking "  may have discouraged efforts " to combat the practice . Rohingya asylum seekers One particular area of concern , according to the State Department , are reports of trafficking of Myanmar 's Muslim Rohingya minority -- many of whom have fled ethnic and religious violence in the country in recent years and pass through neighboring countries , including Thailand . They are among those most vulnerable to being trafficked , the State Department says . "  We 're concerned about the Rohingya -- the refugees and asylum seekers . We are concerned that some of them have been subjected to sex trafficking and forced labor , " said CdeBaca . "  We want the Thai government to investigate and duly address those things . " But when Thailand submitted its 2013 trafficking data to the United States for the Trafficking in Persons project in March , officials said they found no evidence that Rohingya were victims of trafficking , because their transit through Thailand was voluntary . This conflicted with reports from local NGOs and media groups : At least 40,000 ethnic Rohingya and Bangladeshis passed through trafficking camps in Thailand in 2013 , according to Chris Lewa , director of the human rights group , the Arakan Project . Although she points out that it 's a rough estimate because it 's difficult to trace every single migrant boat . On Friday , the Thai Ambassador to the U.S. told CNN that while most of the Rohingya cases involved willful smuggling , towards the end of the reporting period , December 2013 , there were cases of trafficking also . "  Those cases are being investigated and will be dealt with in next year 's report I 'm sure , " he said . Thailand is not alone in struggling to demonstrate it is serious about fighting trafficking . Malaysia , its southern neighbor , has also been downgraded to Tier 3 in this year 's report , and all other nations it shares borders with remain on the State Department 's watch list . Countries like Thailand and Malaysia will need to show "  results " if they want to get off the State Department 's list next year , CdeBaca said . CNN 's Leif Coorlim contributed to this report .	U.S. says Thailand is n't doing enough to fight human trafficking Thailand could face sanctions as a result of State Department 's annual report Thailand 's ambassador to the U.S. says "  significant efforts " have been made to tackle problem Countries need to show "  results " not only promises , State Department says
A suburban Los Angeles school district is now looking at the public postings on social media by middle and high school students , searching for possible violence , drug use , bullying , truancy and suicidal threats . The district in Glendale , California , is paying $ 40,500 to a firm to monitor and report on 14,000 middle and high school students ' posts on Twitter , Facebook and other social media for one year . Though critics liken the monitoring to government stalking , school officials and their contractor say the purpose is student safety . As classes began this fall , the district awarded the contract after it earlier paid the firm , Geo Listening , $ 5,000 last spring to conduct a pilot project monitoring 9,000 students at three high schools and a middle school . Among the results was a successful intervention with a student "  who was speaking of ending his life " on his social media , said Chris Frydrych , CEO of the firm . That intervention was significant because two students in the district committed suicide the past two years , said Superintendent Richard Sheehan . The suicides occurred at a time when California has reduced mental health services in schools , Sheehan said . "  We were able to save a life , " Sheehan said , adding the two recent suicides were n't outside the norm for school districts . "  It 's just another avenue to open up a dialogue with parents about safety . " Teacher suspended after giving student a Twitter lesson In another recent incident , a student posted a photo of what appeared to be a gun , and a subsequent inquiry determined the gun was fake , Sheehan said . Still , school administrators spoke with the parents of the student , who was n't disciplined , the superintendent said . "  We had to educate the student on the dangers " of posting such photos , Sheehan said . "  He was a good kid . ... It had a good ending . " In fact , no student has yet to be disciplined under the monitoring , but it 's not out of the question if analysts find a message warranting action , such as a threat of a campus shooting , Sheehan said this week . "  I can see turning it over to police . That would be a situation in which discipline would follow , " he said . Frydrych 's firm scours the social media postings of Glendale students aged 13 and older -- the age at which parental permission is n't required for the school 's contracted monitoring -- and sends a daily report to principals on which students ' comments could be causes for concern , Frydrych said . The company wo n't disclose its methods and practices in gathering the students ' messages , but it does use key words in its searches . The firm also did n't disclose how it confirms the youths are indeed students of the district . To do the work , Frydrych employs no more than 10 full-time staffers -- as well as "  a larger portion " of contract workers across the globe who labor a maximum of four hours a day because "  the content they read is so dark and heavy , " Frydrych said . "  It 's mostly kids hanging onto a thread of life , " Frydrych said , "  and they 're posting to people also hanging on to a thread . " He declined to disclose how many school campuses have retained his firm , founded this past January in Hermosa Beach , California . Frydrych has been providing technology services to school districts the past 10 years . Geo Listening also monitors whether students are talking about drug use , cutting class or violence . The firm even ascertains whether pupils are using their smartphone during class time , Frydrych said . Florida university suspends fraternity over Facebook posts While critics say the Glendale schools ' contract is an invasion of privacy , Frydrych said his firm helps schools bridge a digital-age communications "  chasm . " "  Parents and school district personnel -- they are not able to effectively listen to the conversation where it 's happening now , " Frydrych said . "  The notion about talking in class is about as old-fashioned as a Studebaker , no offense to the makers of the car . "  When was the last time you sent a kid to the principal 's office for talking in class too much ? I just do n't think it happens too much . So what we kept seeing is the chasm keeps building between how students communicate and the ability to tell adults about what 's going on in their lives , " he said . "  I thought we could bridge that gap . " Some experts in digital media and privacy , however , take exception . "  This is the government essentially hiring a contractor to stalk the social media of the kids , " said Lee Tien , senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a nonprofit that defends privacy , free speech and consumer rights . "  When the government -- and public schools are part of the government -- engages in any kind of line-crossing and to actually go and gather information about people away from school , that crosses a line , " Tien said . He disagreed with school officials who say they are monitoring only public postings . "  People say that 's not private : It 's public on Facebook . I say that 's just semantics . The question is what is the school doing ? It 's not stumbling into students -- like a teacher running across a student on the street . This is the school sending someone to watch them , " Tien said . Sandy Russell , president of the school district 's PTA , said parents have many questions about the monitoring , a topic that will be addressed later this month when the superintendent makes his regular appearance at a PTA meeting . Parents want to know how and why this is being done , Russell said . "  If it supports a child in a difficult situation -- whether it 's bullying or stress level -- and if it helps , any parent would be thrilled to have the help . But how is that happening ? " Russell said . "  When you find something you 're concerned about , what are you doing ? Do you approach the child , with or without the parents ? What does this mean ? When people do n't have information , they make up scenarios , " Russell said . "  Some of the concerns I 've heard is when kids say something nasty about a teacher , will they get in trouble ? I understand that 's not even remotely possible . " Superintendent Sheehan said students wo n't be disciplined for commonplace criticism . "  As far as anything said about teachers , as long as it 's appropriate , it will be ignored , " he said . Frydrych 's firm does n't hack into private postings by students , nor their e-mail or text messages . "  I find it interesting that people keep asking if we 're doing something illegal or snooping or eavesdropping , but what we 're actually doing is looking at public posts , " Frydrych said . "  We do n't see any private posts . " High school learns to love students ' tech habits Students can adjust their privacy settings if they do n't want the world to see their tweets or Facebook updates . Frydrych 's analysts stay abreast of the symbols , phonetic spellings , abbreviations , initials and other code-speak that youths type on social media . Hate , for example , could be spelled "  h8 , " and teens may refer to drugs with such words as "  red , " "  rolling , " and "  blunt , " Frydrych said . In another example , Frydrych 's firm learned how youths use drugs such as liquid hashish through vaporizers , or "  vapes , " which are devices like electronic cigarettes that allow for inhalation without creating smoke , Frydrych said . Teachers may not be aware that students are dipping their mouths into their jacket in order to take a hit off their "  vapor pen , " Frydrych said . Frydrych 's team will be able to spot whether the student or a classmate posts a public message about that activity -- with a message stating , for example , "  ca n't believe a kid is getting high in geography right now , sucking on their vape , " Frydrych said . What school officials do with the daily findings of Geo Listening is up the district , Frydrych said . "  This is n't about our company questioning parents , " he said . "  We fully respect the challenges of being parents . "  We enforce the code of student conduct for every school we serve " by compiling a day-by-day report , he said . "  It 's up to the district to handle it . " His firm is about to expand schools ' monitoring capacity with a new smartphone app that allows students and parents to anonymously report to and correspond with school officials about conduct violations . "  Honestly , we 're not spying on kids . Can we focus back on the problem : The problem is we 're not listening effectively , " Frydrych said . "  And we 're shifting that . "	Glendale , California , schools hire a firm to monitor students ' public posts on social media Geo Listening will follow 14,000 middle and high school students aged 13 and over Critics say the project is like government stalking kids ' social media Superintendent says student safety is impetus , saying one suicidal student was saved
CNN  -- Three faculty members were killed and three other school employees were wounded Friday in a shooting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , a school spokesman said . A female shooting suspect was in custody and a second person was detained , "  not arrested , " spokesman Ray Garner told reporters . Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes left open the possibility that more than one person had been detained . "  We have a suspect and possible persons of interest , " he said late Friday . "  Until we go through everything , we 're not going to say exactly how many or who we have . " He said police were questioning the suspect , whom he would not identify . Of the wounded , two were faculty members and the third was a staff member , he said . Garner said the incident occurred shortly before 4 p.m. in Shelby Hall . Police arrived at 4:01 p.m. ; residence halls were locked down at 4:10 p.m. ; the building was secured by 5:45 p.m. , he said . The suspect was taken into custody outside the building , said Reyes . No weapon has been recovered , he said . The 6-year-old , $ 60 million facility houses the chemistry department and is named for U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama and his wife , Annette Shelby . Garner identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology . He identified the injured as Joseph Leahy , associate professor of biology , in critical condition ; Luis Cruz-Vera , assistant professor of biology , in stable condition ; and Stephanie Monticello , staff assistant , also in stable condition . The wounded were taken to Huntsville Hospital . Classes and athletic events are to be canceled February 15-19 , he said . Asked why students had not been alerted for more than an hour after the shootings , Reyes said , "  I ca n't comment on that part . "	Three killed were faculty members at University of Alabama in Huntsville Police leave open the possibility that more than one person has been detained Shooting occurred about 4 p.m. in Shelby Hall , which is named for senator
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- It 's a date etched in the minds of every Kenyan -- September 21 , 2013 . At the upscale Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi , a youth cooking competition was underway , friends laughed as they sipped coffee and families strolled idly through supermarket aisles . But the relaxing Saturday afternoon was shattered when gunmen descended upon the five-storey facility shooting shoppers indiscriminately . The siege would last four days and the carnage would leave at least 67 people dead . When the terror attack began , Abbas Gullet was one of the first people on the scene . As the head of Kenya Red Cross , he is on the front line of emergency response when disaster strikes in the country -- and this was no exception . "  It 's something that we never expected , " Gullet says . "  We always knew that something may happen , a terror attack -- I think there had been a heightened alert of terror possibility in the country in the last two , three years -- but what I can say is that when it did happen ... we acquitted ourselves very well from an emergency response point of view , " he adds . "  It happened at about 12:30 and by about 1:15 we were there . " Gullet says that day changed his life forever . Taking lead on the scene , he coordinated teams of paramedics , life support ambulances and a psychosocial unit to offer support to families of those injured or killed during the terror attack . Community support is paramount in emergency situations , and during Westgate Gullet says that he could n't have asked for a better response . After setting up mobile blood donation clinics , Kenyans banded together to help in whatever way they could . "  They gave blood ; they gave money ; anything that they could give they were out there to give , " he says . "  Companies came on board , individuals came on board . " Six months on and the Red Cross secretary general is able to reflect on how the aid group can continue to improve following the Westgate attack . "  The lesson learned is that they need to be better prepared , better coordination with the security forces , with the government , " says Gullet . "  Since then we 've taken a backseat and now are working more closely with hospitals -- as the second-line providers ... we know which hospitals can get what type of person , so today if this were to happen , I know where to take the patients and we 're going to do more drills with this hospital . "  But since then as Kenya Red Cross , even our own fast response emergency ambulance services and training , we have moved on another level up from then to now . " A life of dedication Born in Kenya 's north eastern province of Garissa , Gullet lost both his parents when he was just five years old . Raised by his adoptive parents in the coastal city of Mombasa , he says these early events instilled a need to give back , which is part of why he began volunteering with the Red Cross at 14 years old . Over 40 years have passed and the 55-year-old humanitarian is still working as hard as ever . On top of his leading role in Kenya Red Cross , he is also the vice president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , a position he holds since his election in November last year . "  I would say what ticks me and what makes me continue doing this job is the ability and the opportunity it offers me to be able to make a difference in the lives of ordinary people who are vulnerable , " he says . "  The ability to bring back hope to them , to give them back their dignity , to have a smile on their face , to have little kids who can have a basic normal life . " During Gullet 's tenure in Kenya Red Cross , the disaster response organization has grown from an underfunded society to one which now operates with more than $ 23 million in assets . He has established response centers and increased the number of available emergency vehicles with specialized equipment for advanced life support -- run out of Nairobi , the organization controls 53 ambulances , with another 75 arriving in June , and also leases emergency vehicles to counties that ca n't afford to purchase their own . ` Out of the box ' ideas With so many life-saving initiatives to finance , and an increasing number of international , regional and local NGOs fighting also for the same pie , Gullet is often having to get creative when it comes to working out where to get the money his operations require . "  You have to think out of the box to see how you would take this to the next level , " he says , citing the "  crazy idea " of Red Cross opening three hotels , including The Boma , a luxurious hotel in Nairobi . "  It 's the first in this country , the first in the region , the first in many parts of the world that today the Red Cross owns and runs a five-star hotel , " he says . "  Any surpluses or profits that the hotel may make , every penny then is brought back into the humanitarian work of the Red Cross . " Despite his many successes , Gullet says there is still work to be done as he continues to strive for improvements in the emergency medicine field and for more locally-generated funding schemes . "  I want to see a day where there is less aid coming from outside and more being generated locally , " he says . "  Where the African governments would see their national institutions as the first port of call or their preferred choice of partners that can do as good , if not a better , job than what international NGOs would do . " READ THIS : How Westgate changed the lives of Kenyans READ THIS : Rapping for respect in Egypt	Abbas Gullet is the secretary general of Kenya 's Red Cross Was one of the first emergency responders on the scene after the Westgate terror attack Started volunteering with the international humanitarian organization at just 14 years old
CNN  -- I have vivid memories of childhood . The 5-year-old girl with endless questions ; she wanted to discover the secrets of the entire world within minutes . She dreamed of being a doctor once , an engineer another time , and a mother of lovely kids . A dreamer , this is how I would describe the little girl Reem . Reem is a 22-year-old student living in Gaza City . Days passed fast . Reem could n't remember a lot of them , but she had some moments left in her memory -- usually the happy moments of her life -- and those memories were the basis for today 's Reem , the 22-year-old girl who is ME . I remember how happy I was when my teacher announced to the school that I was first in my class . I remember my mother 's voice singing to me before I fell asleep ; I remember my father running behind my kite when I lost it in the air , and I remember me asking my parents for a real monkey as a pet . I ca n't forget the day I finished high school ; I felt so grown up . I remember the day when the school announced the exam results and the tears of happiness my mother shed when I received a grade of excellent , and then I decided to enroll in the college of Business Administration . I can call Gaza City the city of qualifications , where a lot of youth are qualified for good jobs . I am one of those youth who is volunteering in organizations , participating in community service activities , getting trained in various skills and getting more qualified day by day . But many young people like me can not find jobs . See perspectives from Palestinian youth " Sometimes , I feel disconnected from Gaza , but whenever I see the photos of Jaffa , I realize that it 's where I and a thousand refugees belong . I find myself crying , missing a place I have never been to , but it 's where my parents and my grandparents lived . I remember all those bedtime stories my grandmother used to tell me about the land , the fence of roses they had , and her climbing trees and cutting fruits . How I miss that place . But life must go on . My day starts with the smile of optimism and the plan of my day . Waking up early to go to my university ; I have to attend all of my lectures even though some are boring . My friends are a big part of my day . We start with our updates and then go to courses where we can develop our skills . When I arrive home , I feel so exhausted , but still I continue working and studying hard . I am always looking for chances for personal development , whether through volunteer work or at school . I was offered a great opportunity to volunteer with the aid organization Mercy Corps as a founding member of the Why Not ? youth program , and then I had the pleasure of seeing this program blossom into the Global Citizen Corps , or GCC , a cultural exchange between Palestinian and American students . I believe this program is deeply important because it changes the negative impression of Palestinian youth that is too often spread by media . All my friends and 1,000 others are engaged in this program , which develops our personalities , our skills and serves the community . We use digital media as a tool to express what we feel and what we do . We make changes in ourselves , in our community , and we pave the way for global change . We are thinking globally and acting locally . My ambition is to be a researcher in business studies all over the world . I finished my B.A. and a diploma of business studies , and I hope to obtain a scholarship to do graduate work in media and development . I am also interested in the field of project management and human interaction management . I know it is a good ambition to be Ph.D. holder and a worldwide researcher , but as Palestinian girl , I have fewer opportunities , not because I am not qualified or hard-working enough but because I am Palestinian . Usually Palestinian students have fewer opportunities than others to get scholarships , because it 's hard for them to leave the Gaza Strip , as all of the borders are closed . But I have not lost hope , and I will not . I will keep trying to pursue my dream of being the researcher I want to be . It 's true that I am a girl , and girls face some challenges in our society . For example , I ca n't stay a late hour at work . But I am so happy and honored to be a Muslim ; putting the scarf on my head is something that I love . To many foreigners , it might seem to be against women 's freedom , but I can tell that when a lady is convinced of it , it becomes part of her self-esteem , her self-confidence and her protection each day . I feel sad when the world gets angry at Muslim girls while they are peaceful and happy , enjoying their choices and freedom . I found that I 'm not that different from Catherine , who lives in the United States and whom I contact through the Global Citizen Corps . I have realized how similar Palestinian youth are to youth all over the world . Catherine likes some of the food I like , and she loves swimming just like I do . There are also lovely differences between us : I tried to cook what she taught me once , and she is learning Arabic now . Maybe our lifestyle is different . I focus on my own development ; I spend most of my time working to become a more qualified person with more knowledge and skills . I do not work hard because I am super girl or I aspire to be one but because I always want to be ready for the worst situation . In Palestine where I live , surprises can happen at any time , and I do n't want to be caught off guard . I want to make my future secure by being a really good person . I deserve to live . I enjoy my life as it is now , but I hope that when I find a scholarship and live in the West , I will not be obliged to take off my scarf and wo n't hear negative comments about me because I am Muslim . I consider religion a personal freedom that is related to your beliefs and what you feel in your heart . I love letting others live in peace . ... Why ca n't we enjoy peace , too ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Reem calls Gaza City the city of qualifications , but many ca n't find jobs She describes her day filled with school work , friends , studying and volunteering She says she realizes Palestinian youth are similiar to youth all over the world For more , go to In Depth : Generation Islam
ESSENCE  -- Anita Hill will always be linked to the Senate confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court . Anita Hill arrives at the United Nations in New York in May 2006 . In 1991 , her testimony during the confirmation of Clarence Thomas prompted a generation of women to stand up against sexual harassment . On the cusp of the Senate hearing for Sonia Sotomayor , Hill , today a professor of law at Brandeis University , talked to ESSENCE.com about Sotomayor , a former classmate of hers at Yale Law School , and the legacy of her Senate Judiciary Committee testimony all these years later . The following is an edited version of that interview : ESSENCE : What do you think of Sonia Sotomayor as a Supreme Court nominee ? Anita Hill : I think it 's an excellent choice , just on the face of the selection . Here 's a person who has years of experience on the bench , and has distinguished herself in private practice as well , and has been a prosecutor . I think she 's got an incredible breadth of experience . Clearly she 's an exceptional mind , having done very well at her undergraduate school , Princeton , and law school at Yale . But that 's just the beginning . There are other things that I think make her a great choice . ESSENCE : Georgetown professor knows what 's next for Sotomayor ESSENCE : Things like ... being a woman and a person of color ? Hill : Absolutely , that 's part of it . But I think she 's a great choice not simply because she 's a Latina . She has acknowledged that as part of her identity , in a way that I think is very responsible and wise . She has said , "  This is the perspective that I come from . " But she has also said , "  I understand that perspective , but I try not to allow that to lend itself to bias . " I like that kind of embracing of one 's own identity , but also self-reflection . It means she 's going to be aware of who she is and understand how that plays in her decision-making , but she is also going to be quite aware of the rule of law and have great respect for the rule of law , and be able to apply it . We are enriched in the judiciary by having both those concepts in one person , and so what some people have found troubling about her I actually find refreshingly candid and self-aware . ESSENCE : Do you know Judge Sotomayor ? Hill : She and I were in law school together ; she was in the class ahead of me . I know who she is and knew her in law school , but I have not followed her career closely and have n't been involved with her socially . At Yale , I had a very favorable impression of her . She was very friendly and genuine , but also very serious and dedicated to her work . The thing I admire about her in terms of her career is that she came into a situation where she took full advantage of all the opportunities she had in front of her . Not only did she excel in law school -- where she was an editor of the Law Review -- but after leaving law school , she was a prosecutor , she practiced in a law firm , she was nominated and served as a judge at the district court level , and moved on to the appellate court level . All of those things are to be admired and used as an example of what can happen when an individual is really given an opportunity and chooses to respond and accept the full breadth of responsibilities . ESSENCE : After Justice David Souter announced he was retiring , Vanity Fair and others raised the suggestion that President Obama should nominate you for the Supreme Court . What did you think of that idea ? Hill : I actually responded to the Vanity Fair piece . I think there are any number of people , including Sonia Sotomayor , who will be excellent choices . This is a president who has come in and really tried to promote healing between various factions . Nowhere is that more needed than in terms of how we have approached Senate Judiciary Committee hearings . ESSENCE : President Obama 's sentiments on Sotomayor In those hearings , there needs to be a certain level of honesty , but there also needs to be civility and really sticking with the questions that matter about the nominee . I do n't think that there is much chance that that would happen if I were nominated , because of things that people would want to get into , that would n't be helpful to the process . It 's flattering anytime anyone suggests that , and I 've been asked more than once . But , in addition to that being kind of an awkward workplace situation  laughs  , I think the hearing process would really devolve into the kind of politics that would not be good for the court . ESSENCE : When you testified against Clarence Thomas during his Senate confirmation hearing , you took a lot of heat from African-Americans for publicly speaking against a black man . Was that surprising to you ? Hill : No , it was n't surprising . It also was not universal among African-Americans either . Some people understood exactly what I was trying to achieve by testifying , and other people said , no matter what happened , it was inappropriate for me to give the kind of testimony that I gave . The idea that I would be portrayed as trying to do damage to my race was painful . But , as I said , it was n't a universally held position . I certainly tried to understand it . I did n't agree with it , but I tried to understand it based on the pain that people have had inflicted on them by racism . ESSENCE : Dig up your roots ESSENCE : Do you think Clarence Thomas would have been confirmed into the Supreme Court had you been a white woman ? Hill : I believe that different people would have reacted differently . Remember , Strom Thurmond was on the Senate Judiciary Committee . I ca n't imagine that he would have been so willing to embrace Judge Thomas if in fact I had been white . His attitude certainly would have been one that would have changed . And I think that might have been true of some of the other more conservative members of the Judiciary Committee . ESSENCE : My mother used the hearings as a teaching moment . She said if I was ever sexually harassed , I should stand up for myself like Anita Hill . I imagine your experience affected many other women in that way , in terms of empowerment . Hill : I think people had n't learned that they had a right to speak out , that this was not something that they needed to tolerate . I keep hearing these stories from women who were inspired by those hearings . That was n't why I did it . I did it because we were choosing somebody for the highest court in the land who was going to be appointed for a lifetime position , and I thought that the Senate ought to consider the information that I had in determining whether or not this nominee was fit for that position . Almost immediately after my testimony , the prevailing wisdom was that no woman would ever come forward after seeing what happened to me . And amazingly , just the opposite happened . ESSENCE : It 's been 17 years since you testified . Is life completely back to normal , or is it something that still comes up in your regular life ? Hill : It is just a new normal ; it is part of my life . It 's not something I 'm going to try to run away from , nor is it something I dwell on every day . But it is a part of my life , and it 's a part of how other people perceive me and what I 've done in my life . I 'm OK with that . People ask , "  Does it bother you that your name will always be associated with sexual harassment ? " It will only bother me if my name is n't associated with bringing it to an end , or moving the end forward .	Anita Hill testified during Clarence Thomas ' Supreme Court confirmation hearings Hill says Sonia Sotomayor is an "  excellent " choice for Supreme Court Senate Judiciary Committee hearings need "  civility " and "  honesty , " Hill says Hill hopes her name will be associated with bringing sexual harassment to an end
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House Republican leadership upped the ante Thursday in the ongoing debate over the size and scope of the federal budget , unveiling a proposal to cut spending by $ 375 billion over the next five years . House GOP Minority Whip Eric Cantor has been an outspoken critic of Democratic budget proposals . The bulk of the GOP 's proposed savings would come from capping nondefense discretionary spending at the level of inflation . Among other things , the GOP proposal would also create a government spending review commission and eliminate retirement payments for federal workers who retire before the age of 62 . President Obama "  challenged us to come up with budget savings , and today House Republicans encourage him to not only look over our proposed ... common-sense taxpayer savings , but to join our effort , " House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said in a statement . "  For the sake of our young people and America 's long-term fiscal viability , Congress simply can not keep spending money that the president himself admits we do n't have . " Obama asked congressional Republicans to propose new budget reductions during an April 24 meeting at the White House . In May , the administration proposed $ 17 billion in cuts from the more than $ 3.4 trillion in spending approved for next year . Democratic congressional leaders have said that Obama 's proposed reductions are only the start of a long budget review process . They have also argued that more short-term spending is needed to help stimulate a weak economy . Under the current budget plan , the federal government will run an anticipated deficit of $ 1.2 trillion in the next fiscal year . The White House said Thursday the Republican plan fell far short of its claims . An administration official noted that the GOP pledge to use $ 45 billion in future TARP repayments to fund deficit reduction is already part of the president 's plan . The official also pointed out that most of the expected savings Republicans list would come from capping discretionary spending on current programs that go mostly unidentified in Thursday 's release except by category . The plan would also end similarly unspecified domestic programs in areas -- like education and infrastructure -- where significant cuts are unlikely to find the required congressional support . The actual dollar figure in savings that would come from cuts to programs specifically named in the GOP proposal is roughly $ 23 billion over five years -- around a quarter of the $ 100 billion in cuts Obama proposed several weeks ago .	NEW : Proposed savings would come from capping nondefense discretionary spending Plan would also create a government spending review commission In May , the Obama administration proposed $ 17 billion in cuts
CNN  -- In the cold , predawn hours of February 20 , 2007 , shortly after 4 a.m. , armed men stormed into the home I owned with my family and burst into my bedroom , shouting at me to show my hands . My husband had left for work , and our 4-year-old son began to cry with fright . I stumbled out of bed in my nightclothes to the family living area , terrified and confused . Two armed men were coming upstairs from our basement , having searched it without permission , and others were demanding that we tell them the location of my ex-husband , with whom I had not lived for several years . As I had reported to the immigration service on my daughters ' citizenship applications , I had been remarried for four years . The men acted as if they had the right to be in our home , but we knew to ask questions : Who were they ? Did they have a warrant ? They refused to identify themselves or show a warrant , and they put their hands on their guns when we tried to move . They interrogated my 12-year-old daughter and ordered my brother , a U.S. citizen since he was a teenager , to produce his papers . That 's when I realized the men were U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . When they left , they threatened to return . The same scene was happening all over New York : Armed agents surrounding homes , pounding on doors and windows , ordering residents to open the door and storming in , sometimes damaging doors and walls , sometimes pointing guns as they entered . It did n't seem to matter to the agents whether they found the person they were looking for or if frightened people in the home could not produce papers . The agents arrested people even if they had n't been a target . The ICE agents had no judicial warrants ; instead , they claimed that the rudely awakened men , women and sometimes children in the homes had provided consent . We decided to sue and discovered that ICE had embarked on a nationwide program of warrantless immigration sweeps with names such as "  Return to Sender " and "  Community Shield " to invade private homes in search of undocumented immigrants . Last week , more than six years and many court battles later , our class-action suit Aguilar v ICE , which included 22 New York men , women and children , was settled in Federal District Court for a million dollars . ICE has also been required to change national training and policy to conform with existing law to avoid further abuses from home raids . We are proud of this accomplishment , even though we know that home raid operations have continued in the Obama era , most notably in Tennessee and Alabama , where Latinos report ICE engaging in the very same unconstitutional behavior that traumatized my family . During those raids in 2006 and 2007 , thousands of terrified people , mostly Latino , were pulled out of bed . ICE claimed it was looking for people not suspected of a crime , but merely those in violation of civil immigration laws . Although ICE was supposedly seeking fugitives -- people who may have evaded a deportation order -- most of the people they arrested had never had any encounter with the agency before . They were arrested because many ICE agents were operating under a quota policy that gave credit for arrests of any undocumented person , not just the target . Citizens and lawful permanent residents like us were not immune ; if ICE had an old address for someone they were looking for , that address was fair game . In the home of three of the other people in our case , ICE knew it had already deported the person it were seeking . But agents invaded anyway , storming inside after a 12-year-old girl opened the door in her pajamas . ICE invaded the home of another family in our case twice in little more than a year , because when agents did n't find their target the first time , they did n't bother to record the mistake . It seemed that being Latino , and nothing more , was enough to arouse suspicion . ICE declined to enter the homes of white residents who opened their doors in shock . Latino men and women were handcuffed before they were even asked about their status , and some agents even admitted to using the derogatory word "  wet " to describe the Latinos they encountered . I studied the U.S. Constitution in order to naturalize . I knew that the government is not supposed to enter your home without a warrant or handcuff you only because you are Latino . But that night in 2007 , and in the months after , I lost a sense of hope in our government 's ability to make its own agents obey the law . The fact that ICE has agreed to some changes helps me regain that hope . As the country debates immigration reform and enforcement , we owe it to ourselves to hold ICE 's leaders and agents accountable and to make sure that they are subject to the same laws as everyone else . The opinions expressed in these commentaries are solely those of the writers .	Class-action suit brought by Adriana Leon requires ICE to change policy on home raids Agents had stormed into Latino homes in middle of night , pulling people out of bed Leon : ICE agents terrified families and did not have permission or warrants Leon : ICE must be held to the same legal standards as everyone else to avoid abuses
CNN  -- The FBI and police in several countries have launched raids aimed at hackers behind the malicious software Blackshades , which authorities say is used by cyber criminals to remotely hijack computers and carry out crimes like extortion and bank fraud . People familiar with the operation say it is aimed at trying to tackle a growing cyber-crime problem that targets computer users around the world . Hacker forums in recent days have buzzed with reports of police searches being carried out in France and several other countries . Robert Anderson , the FBI 's executive assistant director of the criminal , cyber , response , and services branch , said at a Reuters conference this week that the bureau would be launching an aggressive crackdown on cyber crime , promising arrests and indictments to try to take on the booming international cyber-crime business . "  There is a philosophy change , " Anderson said . "  If we can reach out and touch you , we are going to reach out and touch you . "	Law enforcement targeting Blackshades software , said to be used to hijack computers The effort aims to tackle problem impacting computer users around the world Hacker forums buzzing in recent days about police searches
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's military has rescued 18 hostages held by militants in its oil-rich Niger Delta region , a military spokesman said Monday . File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters . The first group -- nine Filipinos and five Nigerians -- were released on Saturday , while four Ukrainians were released on Sunday , according to Col. Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's joint task force . Nigeria 's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week , its first major operation against the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , an armed militant group that demands a better distribution of the country 's oil wealth . Both the Nigerian military and the militants have said the ongoing fighting has resulted in a high number of casualties . As many as 1,000 have been killed , according to Victor Burubo , a spokesman for the Ijaw National Council which represents the region 's largest ethnic group . However , aid groups and journalists have been unable to verify that figure . "  We want the international community to know that we are getting rid of criminals and terrorists in our communities so foreigners who come here to work and invest are safe , " Abubakar said . Four villages near the militants ' camps have been destroyed in the fighting , Burubo said . However , the military spokesman stressed that Nigerian forces are not targeting civilians , blaming such attacks on the militants . "  We are not attacking villages -- just  militant  camps , " Abubakar said . On Friday , MEND declared "  an all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer . MEND has threatened to blockade oil vessels , and has warned oil companies in the region to leave and "  cease oil production until further notice . " The militant group said Friday the country 's armed forces conducted "  indiscriminate aerial bombardment on the defenseless civilians in the Gbaramatu area of Delta state . " It said the strikes were punishment "  for the humiliating defeat " of the army in raids on two militant camps Wednesday . "  Casualties are mostly women , children and the elderly who could not get away quickly into the bush or high sea , " the militant group said . The military says it is responding to the militants ' attacks on troops , hijackings of vessels , and threats to innocents , such as the "  expatriates who were given ultimatum to leave the region by the militants . " It characterized the various claims by the militants as "  propaganda . " "  We are not at war with any individuals or groups in the region , " Abubakar said . "  Ours is to protect lives and property and also to rid the region of criminals who hide under the guise of struggle agenda to perpetrate crime . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	9 Filipinos and 5 Nigerians released Saturday , 4 Ukrainians released Sunday Nigeria 's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week Operation against militants demanding better distribution of country 's oil wealth Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta has declared "  all-out war "
Editor 's note : LZ Granderson is a senior writer and columnist for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN.com , and has contributed to ESPN 's Sports Center , Outside the Lines and First Take . He is the 2009 Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  award winner for online journalism and the 2008 National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association  NLGJA  winner for column writing . LZ Granderson says criticism of President Obama by the gay community has gone too far . CNN  -- Far from flowing rainbow flags , the sound of Lady Gaga and , quite honestly , white people , stands a nightclub just outside of Wicker Park in Chicago , Illinois , by the name of The Prop House . The line to get in usually stretches down the block , and unlike many of the clubs in Boystown and Andersonville , this one plays hip-hop and caters to men who may or may not openly identify as gay , but without question are black and proud . And a good number of them are tired of hearing how the gay community is disappointed in President Obama , because they are not . In recent weeks , one would have thought the nation 's first black president was also the nation 's biggest homophobe . Everyone from Oscar winner Dustin Lance Black and radio personality Rachel Maddow to Joe Solmonese , the president of Human Rights Campaign , the country 's largest gay advocacy group , seem to be blasting Obama for everything from "  do n't ask do n't tell " to Adam Lambert not winning American Idol . In their minds , Obama is not moving fast enough on behalf of the GLBT community . The outcry is not completely without merit -- the Justice Department 's unnerving brief on the Defense of Marriage Act immediately comes to mind . I was upset by some of the statements , but not surprised .  After the Tuskegee Syphilis Study , President Ronald Reagan 's initial handling of AIDS and , more recently , Katrina , there is little that surprises me when it comes to the government and the treatment of its people . Still , rarely has criticism regarding Obama and the GLBT community come from the kind of person you would find standing in line at a spot like The Prop House , and there 's a reason for that . Despite the catchiness of the slogan , gay is not the new black . Black is still black . And if any group should know this , it 's the gay community . Bars such as The Prop House , or Bulldogs in Atlanta , Georgia , exist because a large number of gay blacks -- particularly those who date other blacks , and live in the black community -- do not feel a part of the larger gay movement . There are Gay Pride celebrations , and then there are Black Gay Prides . There 's a popular bar in the heart of the nation 's capital that might as well rename itself Antebellum , because all of the white patrons tend to stay upstairs and the black patrons are on the first floor . Last year at the annual Human Rights Campaign national fundraiser in Washington , D.C. -- an event that lasted more than three hours -- the only black person to make it on stage was the entertainment . When Proposition 8 passed in California , white gays were quick to blame the black community despite blacks making up less than 10 percent of total voters and whites being close to 60 percent . At protest rallies that followed , some gay blacks reported they were even hit with racial epithets by angry white participants . Not to split hairs , but for most blacks , the n-word trumps the f-word . So while the white mouthpiece of the gay community shakes an angry finger at intolerance and bigotry in their blogs and on television , blacks and other minorities see the dirty laundry . They see the hypocrisy of publicly rallying in the name of unity but then privately living in segregated pockets . And then there is the history . The 40th anniversary of Stonewall dominated Gay Pride celebrations around the country , and while that is certainly a significant moment that should be recognized , 40 years is nothing compared with the 400 blood-soaked years black people have been through in this country . There are stories some blacks lived through , stories others were told by their parents and stories that never had a chance to be told . While those who were at Stonewall talk about the fear of being arrested by police , 40 years ago , blacks talked about the fear of dying at the hands of police and not having their bodies found or murder investigated . The 13th Amendment was signed in 1865 , and it was n't until 1948 that President Harry S Truman desegregated the military . That 's more than an 80-year gap . Not to be flip , but Miley Cyrus is older than Bill Clinton 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " That does n't mean that the safety of gay people should be trivialized or that Obama should not be held accountable for the promises he made on the campaign trail . But to call this month 's first-ever White House reception for GLBT leaders "  too little too late " is akin to a petulant child throwing a tantrum because he wants to eat his dessert before dinner . This is one of the main reasons why so many blacks bristle at the comparison of the two movements -- everybody wants to sing the blues , nobody wants to live them . This lack of perspective is only going to alienate a black community that is still very proud of Obama and is hypersensitive about any criticism of him , especially given he 's been in office barely six months . If blacks are less accepting of gays than other racial groups -- and that is certainly debatable -- then the parade of gay people calling Obama a "  disappointment " on television is counterproductive in gaining acceptance , to say the least . And the fact that the loudest critics are mostly white does n't help matters either . Hearing that race matters in the gay community may not be comforting to hear , but that does n't make it any less true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Blacks tired of hearing about gays ' disappointment in Obama He says black gays strongly support first African-American president He says gay rights movement is not comparable to the civil rights struggle Granderson : Gay movement has to overcome its own racial issues
CNN  -- The end of the line for three fugitive siblings came Wednesday on a rural stretch of Colorado interstate . With guns scattered around their wrecked white Subaru , the suspects made their play . One brother stayed in the car . Another brother stumbled off through the brush to a couple of nearby businesses , only to be picked up after a citizen spotted him , authorities told CNN . The sister , who wrote on her Flickr profile that she liked "  causing mayhem with my siblings , " tried to reload her automatic pistol , officials said . A police officer shot her in the leg . In custody Wednesday evening , the "  Dougherty family " survived a dramatic final scene that seemed foreshadowed . "  It was going to happen somewhere , " Pueblo County Sheriff Kirk Taylor said . Last week , Ryan Edward Dougherty , 21 , texted , "  There 's a time for all of us to die " after he was sentenced in Florida on a criminal charge , according to a Florida sheriff 's office . With that , authorities said , Ryan Dougherty , sister Lee Grace Dougherty , 29 ; and half-brother Dylan Dougherty Stanley , 26 , began a crime spree that included a bank robbery in Georgia and the attempted murder of a Florida police officer . According to Taylor , the trio spent Tuesday night in the San Isabel National Forest about 10 to 12 miles west of Colorado City . The Colorado Springs Gazette quoted a store employee as saying the three apparently purchased a tent at a recreation supply retailer in the city on Tuesday . Their run ended Wednesday morning on Interstate 25 between Colorado City and the town of Walsenburg , authorities said . A deputy spotted the suspect vehicle at a gas station after it left the campground , officials said . It was now bearing Texas tags , Taylor said . Officers were preparing to apprehend the occupants when the car pulled away . A 20-mile high-speed chase ensued . Reaching speeds of more than 100 miles per hour , the fugitives shot at officers , who did not return fire , authorities said . Colorado state troopers deployed a tire-deflation device , and that was the beginning of the end . A MAC-11 machine pistol , a handgun and two AK-47 rifles came flying out when the vehicle flipped and landed on a guard rail , Taylor said . All three of the Doughertys suffered injuries . They were treated and put in custody . They were being held Wednesday evening in Pueblo County as state , federal and local officials discuss when the trio may be returned to Georgia or Florida . The Colorado State Patrol sent a Twitter message indicating each was being charged with four counts of first-degree assault on a police officer . The suspects are wanted for a bank robbery in Valdosta , Georgia , and the attempted murder of a Florida police officer . "  I am proud to say today we won , " said Sheriff Chris Nocco of Pasco County , Florida , where one incident occurred earlier this month . "  The three Doughertys were speeding , " Nocco told reporters . "  It 's ironic they did n't learn their lesson . The Colorado State Patrol attempted to pull them over . In that attempt to pull them over , the Doughertys went back to their MO and started shooting at law enforcement . " On Tuesday , a U.S. magistrate issued warrants for the siblings ' arrest in connection with the August 2 bank robbery , where an AK-47-type assault rifle and a machine pistol were used . They are also suspects in the attempted murder of a Zephyrhills , Florida , police officer that took place the same day -- but five hours earlier and 200 miles away . The officer was n't injured , though occupants in the getaway vehicle fired numerous rounds during a chase that reached up to 100 miles per hour , according to the Pasco County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . One round struck a tire , disabling the police vehicle , the sheriff 's office said . Since then , the siblings had been the subject of an interstate manhunt , with their faces plastered on hundreds of digital billboards from Florida to Kentucky to Texas . According to a timeline of events that officials provided , Ryan Dougherty was sentenced August 1 in Volusia County , Florida , to 10 years ' probation and two years of community control monitoring for convictions on two counts of sending harmful information to a minor . After the sentencing , he sent his mother a text message : "  There 's a time for all of us to die , " according to the sheriff 's office . At 6:30 a.m. August 2 , a witness saw all three siblings leave in a white four-door vehicle from their Lacoochee home . At 6:59 a.m. , Ryan Dougherty cut off his GPS monitoring ankle bracelet near Zephyrhills , the sheriff 's office said . At 7:12 a.m. August 2 , the shooting with the Florida police officer occurred , after which 20 high-caliber casings were found at the scene , the sheriff 's office said . The five-mile pursuit began after the officer tried to pull the vehicle over for speeding on State Road 54 in Zephyrhills , 30 miles northeast of Tampa , authorities said . Then came the armed bank robbery at a CertusBank in Valdosta , at 12:24 p.m. the same day , the FBI said . During that robbery , three people dressed in black with masks entered the bank 's front entrance , the FBI said . Shots were fired at the ceiling , and everyone was told to get down , the bureau said . At least two of the robbers were armed , and the third obtained an undisclosed amount of cash , the FBI said . The two brothers have been living in the same rented residence the past three years in Lacoochee , which is located in Pasco County , the sheriff 's office said . Their sister , who had been living with her boyfriend in Orlando , just began staying with her brothers , the sheriff 's office said . With the most extensive record of the three , Ryan Edward Dougherty has had 14 felony arrests since 2007 , including for alleged burglary , destroying evidence and probation violation , according to the sheriff 's office . Lee Grace Dougherty 's criminal background includes five felony charges . Three of them are pending , all of them hit-and-run offenses in Cocoa Beach , Florida , the Pasco County Sheriff 's office said . Her record also contains six misdemeanor charges , the sheriff 's office said . Dylan Dougherty Stanley 's criminal record shows a possession of marijuana charge , the sheriff 's office said . The sheriff 's office did n't have information on the disposition of the past charges against the brothers and sister . It released photos of Lee Grace Dougherty , with a description of tattoos . Public information officer Douglas Tobin confirmed the photos were taken from the suspect 's Flickr page , which was established in September 2010 . Photos , many from March 2011 , show Dougherty in various poses . "  I have a huge crazy family . I 'm 28 but act like I 'm 17 most of the time , " the profile reads . "  I love to farm and shoot guys and wreck cars . I 'm a redneck and proud of it . I like milk and German engineering and causing mayhem with my siblings . " CNN 's Kara Devlin , Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Charges filed after high-speed chase in Colorado Police call the brother , sister and half-brother "  the Dougherty family " A federal arrest warrant ties them to an armed bank robbery in Georgia They are suspects in the attempted murder of a Florida police officer during a shootout
CNN  -- In a year marred with controversy and national notoriety , Penn State University alumni and boosters finally have something to smile about . In fiscal year 2011-2012 , the school earned $ 208.7 million in donations -- the second-highest annual amount in school history -- according to a release from the Development and Alumni Relations division . Penn State spokesman David LeTorre said the donations "  send a loud and distinct message , " in what has been a particularly challenging time for the school . "  Despite the things that have happened with Jerry Sandusky , Penn State never really lost the support of its alumni , " La Torre said . Muralist replaces Sandusky image The school was thrust into the national spotlight with accusations against former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted last month on 45 of 48 counts related to sexual abuse of boys . The scandal 's fallout included the firings of legendary football coach Joe Paterno and university President Graham Spanier . "  So many alumni were ready to contribute this year , " La Torre said , "  which is proof enough our family our alumni family is there when we need them . " A total of 191,712 supporters donated 323,271 gifts that have put the school ahead of schedule to reach its $ 2 billion fundraising goal by June 2014 for its "  For the Future : The Campaign for Penn State Students " campaign . Since the effort began in January of 2007 , $ 1.6 billion has been raised . "  Fundraising is always challenging , " La Torre said . But , he said , those seeking donations did n't go about it any differently even in light of the highly publicized scandal and an economic downturn . Painful chapter closes with Sandusky conviction "  We knew people were going to ask questions and want answers , " he said . "  The philosophy of Penn State has been to listen and give answers to the best of our ability . " La Torre said anyone donating to the university has a right to specify what the money goes for .	"  Penn State never really lost the support of its alumni , " says a school spokesman During the fiscal year , donations totaled $ 208.7 million That 's the second-highest annual amount in school history
CNN  -- 10:20 Address ends with Obama calling on Americans to "  seize this moment -- to start anew , to carry the dream forward and to strengthen our union once more " Click here to read in chronological order 10:18 Obama acknowledges that his administration has had political setbacks ; says "  some of them were deserved . " Obama says the "  spirit of determination and optimism " is what keeps him fighting 10:17 On discord in politics : "  Democracy in a nation of 300 million people can be noisy and messy and complicated . And when you try to do big things and make big changes , it stirs passions and controversy " 10:13 Obama says he will work with Congress and the military to repeal "  the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are " Obama calls for ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal 10:08 Obama says the threat of nuclear weapons is "  perhaps the greatest danger to the American people " 10:06 Obama details the challenges in Afghanistan : "  There will be difficult days ahead . But I am confident we will succeed " 10:02 Obama mentions Massachusetts special election : "  After last week , it is clear that campaign fever has come even earlier than usual . But we still need to govern . " He calls out Republicans , saying , "  just saying no to everything may be good short-term politics , but it 's not leadership " 9:59 Obama calls on Congress to publish all earmark requests on a single Web site before there 's a vote "  so that the American people can see how their money is being spent " 9:57 Obama says Washington is facing a "  deficit of trust , " and calls for action on "  both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue " to restore credibility 9:54 Obama announces he will establish a bipartisan deficit reduction commission by executive order 9:54 "  We will not continue tax cuts for oil companies , investment fund managers and those making over $ 250,000 a year . We just ca n't afford it " 9:52 Obama proposes steps to "  pay for the $ 1 trillion that it took to rescue the economy last year , " including a partial freeze on some government programs . He says he will enforce the freeze by veto if he has to Broad range of programs targeted by proposed spending freeze Obama proposes almost doubling child care tax credit 9:48 On health care , Obama urges Congress not to walk away . "  Not now . Not when we are so close . Let us find a way to come together and finish the job for the American people " 9:45 Standing ovation after Obama acknowledges first lady Michelle Obama for her efforts to tackle childhood obesity . With all eyes on the first lady , Obama notes , "  She gets embarrassed " as she motions for those in the chambers to sit down 9:44 Obama gets more laughs : "  By now it should be fairly obvious that I did n't take on health care because it was good politics " 9:41 CNN 's Candy Crowley observes : A call for safe , clean nuclear power plans brings GOP to its feet 9:37 Obama announces goal of doubling exports over the next five years , an increase that he says will support 2 million jobs in America . "  To help meet this goal , we 're launching a National Export Initiative that will help farmers and small businesses increase their exports , and reform export controls consistent with national security " 9:36 On climate change : "  Even if you doubt the evidence , providing incentives for energy efficiency and clean energy are the right thing to do for our future -- because the nation that leads the clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the global economy . And America must be that nation " 9:34 On financial reform : "  The lobbyists are already trying to kill it . Well , we can not let them win this fight . And if the bill that ends up on my desk does not meet the test of real reform , I will send it back " 9:29 Obama urges the Senate follow the House 's lead and pass a jobs bill , saying , "  I want a jobs bill on my desk without delay " 9:28 Obama says workers in Tampa , Florida , will soon break ground on a new high-speed railroad funded by the Recovery Act 9:27 On stimulating the economy : "  I 'm proposing that we take $ 30 billion of the money Wall Street banks have repaid and use it to help community banks give small businesses the credit they need to stay afloat . I am also proposing a new small business tax credit -- one that will go to over one million small businesses who hire new workers or raise wages . While we 're at it , let 's also eliminate all capital gains taxes on small business investment ; and provide a tax incentive for all businesses , large and small , to invest in new plants and equipment . " 9:23 Obama credits the creation of 2 million jobs with steps his administration has taken toward economic recovery , adding , "  We are on track to add another one and a half million jobs to this total by the end of the year " 9:20 CNN 's Candy Crowley observes : Always some good theater at these events . Obama talks about the taxes he has cut . No Republican stands to clap , and the president calls them out , "  I thought I 'd get some applause on that one " 9:18 Obama says the bank bailout "  was about as popular as a root canal " 9:16 Obama draws first applause after he says he has "  never been more hopeful about America 's future " than tonight 9:13 On the economy , Obama says "  the worst of the storm has passed " 9:12 Obama says America is being tested , but said "  we must answer history 's call , " conjuring up memories of such times of struggle as the Civil War Battle of Bull Run , the storming of Omaha Beach in World War II and the stock market crash of 1929 9:11 Obama begins his State of the Union address 9:10 Vice President Joe Biden lets out a cheer as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi welcomes Obama 9:08 Obama enters chamber , greets members of Congress , his Cabinet and Supreme Court justices 9:05 Wilson Livingood , the House Sergeant of Arms , introduces Obama 9:01 In holding room , Obama was talking with Sens. Lamar Alexander , John Cornyn and John Thune . He turned to the entire congressional welcoming committee and joked , "  We just brokered a health care deal right here . " 8:48 p.m. . The president 's speech is being written right up until the last moments , according to two White House aides , who say they have not seen a new draft since about noon today . An embargoed copy of the full speech was supposed to be released at 8:30 p.m. , but there 's no sign of it yet because of last-minute changes . 8:38 p.m. Obama en route to Capitol 8 p.m. CNN 's Ed Henry reports : Senior officials said the president 's broad goal was to seize back the mantle of change by talking about the need for a "  new beginning " between Democrats and Republicans that can restore trust in Washington . Along these lines , the president was to make what officials described as a passing reference to the special election in Massachusetts but would not have a "  chastened " tone like Bill Clinton after the 1994 election . Instead , officials said he would use the election defeat as a way to challenge Republicans to meet him halfway on the major issues facing the nation . Officials said he would note that with Republicans now having 41 votes in the Senate , they ca n't just block everything . The first test will come next week when the Senate is expected to begin debate on a jobs bill . The president was to specifically try to sprinkle the jobs bill with small business and corporate tax cuts to win over some Republican votes and call their bluff if they do not come on board . While jobs and the economy were to make up the bulk of the speech , officials said health care would also figure prominently . But they noted the president would not get too specific on the path forward because key lawmakers want to take a deep breath on the volatile issue while ramping up much more time on the jobs legislation . Beyond jobs and health care , officials said the second tier of the agenda would focus on three primary issues : -- Financial regulatory reform , which would give the president another chance to press Wall Street to change the rules of the road to prevent another crisis . -- Climate change legislation , where the president would specifically cite the work of lawmakers in both parties trying to broker a compromise . -- Education reform , where the president would push for an increase of up to $ 4 billion despite lean times for other key parts of his budget . 7 p.m. Excerpts released Complete coverage on the State of the Union address	Obama gives his first State of the Union address Read the transcript of the speech Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell gives GOP response
London  CNN  -- Rebekah Brooks was once feted as one of the rising stars of the British media : She was the youngest person ever to edit a national British newspaper , and made a stellar rise through the ranks of Rupert Murdoch 's media empire . She held the top job at News International , News Corp. 's British subsidiary , for two years after editing the country 's best-selling daily tabloid , The Sun , and its best-selling Sunday tabloid , News of the World . But following allegations of illegal eavesdropping by News of the World journalists when she was editor , she saw her fortunes fade . Brooks resigned as chief executive of News International in July 2011 amid public outrage over hacking allegations and was summoned by police the following week . It was the first time she was arrested and questioned by police investigating phone hacking claims . Brooks kept a low profile after her resignation but was ridiculed in the British press when it was revealed that London 's Metropolitan Police had lent her a retired police horse in 2008 . As politicians became engulfed in the scandal , with allegations that ministers acted improperly in their dealings with News Corp. , Prime Minister David Cameron -- a family friend of Brooks ' husband -- admitted he had ridden the horse . When Brooks appeared before the Leveson Inquiry into press standards in 2012 , she was grilled about her relationship with Britain 's current and former prime ministers and detailed her frequent contacts with Cameron in the run-up to the 2010 election . In October 2013 , Brooks was among seven people to go on trial for phone hacking . She denied all charges of conspiracy "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority , " conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and conspiracy to obstruct a police investigation . On June 23 , jurors found her not guilty of the charges , the UK 's Press Association news agency reported . Before she took the stand in February 2014 , the defense reminded the jury that Brooks was not on trial "  because she was the editor of a tabloid newspaper " or for working for media baron Rupert Murdoch or for "  any political views she may hold " or for "  the support newspapers she edited gave to one party or another . " Rather , the defense said , her trial hinged on whether she knew about and endorsed a "  practice of phone hacking at News of the World during her editorship " ; whether she had encouraged a Sun reporter to pay a public official ; and whether she had asked her husband , Charlie Brooks , and her personal assistant , Cheryl Carter , to "  get rid of things ... to cover up the practice of phone hacking or of paying public officials . " Brooks denied any wrongdoing . Asked by her lawyer if she was ever asked to sanction the practice of phone hacking while editor of News of the World , from 2000 to 2003 , Brooks said : "  No . " During the trial , prosecutors alleged that Brooks had a clandestine affair with co-accused Andy Coulson from 1998-2004 , which they argued showed the pair 's level of trust . Giving evidence , Brooks described her personal life as a "  car crash for many years , " the Guardian newspaper reported . She denied there had been a long-standing affair but acknowledged there had been periods of physical intimacy . Coulson edited the News of the World from 2003 until 2007 , having served as Brooks ' deputy at the tabloid for three years before that . He went on to be David Cameron 's director of communications , resigning from his role with the prime minister in 2011 , when police launched a second investigation into newspaper eavesdropping . When Coulson gave evidence in April - with his wife watching from the public gallery - he said the affair "  should n't have happened , " the BBC and Guardian newspaper reported . But he denied that it meant he and Brooks had shared sensitive stories , the outlets said . The revelations were seized on by UK media covering the case , with one newspaper - The Independent -- headlining its story "  The affair they did n't expose , " a reference to the tabloid newspapers ' history of revealing other people 's cheating . In June , Coulson was found guilty of conspiracy to hack phones . Hard lessons learned Brought up in Cheshire , northern England , in the 1970s , Brooks is said to have decided on a career in journalism at the age of 14 , beginning with a job as a "  tea girl " at her local paper . In her late teens , she moved to Paris , where she is reported to have worked at architectural magazine L'Architecture d'aujourd ` hui and studied at the Sorbonne . On her return to the UK , she worked in regional papers before making the move to Sunday tabloid News of the World in the late 1980s . Starting out as a secretary , Rebekah Wade -- her maiden name -- swiftly made her way up the editorial food chain , becoming deputy editor by the age of 27 . She tells of how , at a corporate golf day shortly after she was appointed , one senior executive ordered her to sew the buttons back on his shirt . Her response is not known . Sexism in the workplace aside , Brooks ' rise through the ranks continued . She was named deputy editor of the hugely popular Sun newspaper , the News of the World 's sister title , in 1998 . In 2000 , she returned to the News of the World , this time in the top job , becoming the youngest-ever editor of a national British paper . While editor of the weekly , Brooks argued for the creation of a U.S.-style "  Sarah 's Law , " which would allow parents with young children to know about anyone convicted of child sex crimes living close to their homes . As part of the controversial campaign , which was inspired by the murder of eight-year-old Sarah Payne in July 2000 , Brooks took the decision to name and shame offenders in the pages of her paper . The lists sparked witch-hunts and riots , as communities across Britain tried to hound pedophiles out of their neighborhoods . It was condemned by police , but Brooks remains unrepentant . In a 2009 speech , she admitted the campaign was "  a blunt and contentious way of informing the public ... hard lessons were learned but I do n't regret the campaign for one minute . " She married soap star Ross Kemp , famous for his hard-man role as Grant Mitchell in long-running British TV show "  Eastenders . " In 2003 , she was promoted again , becoming editor of the Sun , a post she held until 2009 when she was handpicked for the role of News International chief executive by Rupert Murdoch . In the same year Brooks and Kemp divorced and she remarried horse trainer Charlie Brooks . The couple 's wedding party was attended by a host of big names , including the Murdoch clan  Rupert , James and Elisabeth  , the then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown , and future-Prime Minister David Cameron . Brooks and Murdoch had been close for many years : before her downfall Rupert Murdoch was said to have treated Brooks like a daughter . Whether the relationship has survived the scandal remains unclear .	NEW : Rebekah Brooks has been cleared of all charges against her at a phone-hacking trial Brooks was chief executive of News International until she resigned in July 2011 She became the youngest-ever editor of a national British newspaper in 2000 Rupert Murdoch was said to have treated Brooks like a daughter
CNN  -- On the court and on the road all year round , tennis champion Rafael Nadal knows how to enjoy the traveling life . The former world number one has been jet-setting around the globe on the professional circuit since the tender age of just 15 . Along the way , the man crowned the "  King of Clay " has learned a trick or two about performing at his peak whilst living out of a suitcase -- not to mention winning the most sought after titles in tennis . Here he shares his top tips for making a success of life on the road . On a lifetime of travel ... I started to travel like this at the age of 15 so for me , it 's normal . Some days you get tired and you feel "  I want to stay at home a little bit more , " but it 's only the moment . Later when I am in different places , normally I feel very well and happy and excited . See also : What the world spends on business travel On keeping family and friends close ... I normally have a group of good people around me and that helps a lot . Be with the people that you feel comfortable with . When you travel around the world and you visit the same place every year , then you  eventually  feel a little bit like home in most of the places . On the perfect hotel room ... It 's important to have a good space in the room , especially for me because normally we have a lot of things in the room , a lot of racquets  and  I need the space for massage table . I like to feel that everything is completely clean . It 's important to feel that the bed is good ... for the back , for these kind of things . On co-owning a luxury hotel in Mexico ... I am from an island , from Mallorca , so I know what things I really try to find when I visit a place . The views from the hotel to the beach , to the sea are very important to me . See also : Creating the airport of the future All my life I lived in front of the sea and always try to find the right views ... to have the chance to watch the sea from every place . Also  , when you are in a hotel in front of the sea , you need to relax . Here  at the Secrets Aura Resort on the island of Cozumel  is great in my opinion because even if the hotel is 100 % full , you do n't feel it . On packing light ... It depends how long will be the travel but this time ... for almost two months , I travel with three bags . Normally I travel with around five to seven racquets , that 's all .  In a  tennis bag always you put shoes , you put strings , grips , these kind of things that without we can not play tennis . On punctuality ... I am always late . I am relaxed always and at the end , the last moment ,  it 's  tradition for me . On conquering nerves whilst in the air ... If the plane moves , some turbulence , I am nervous flyer . See also : Tablets and Wi-Fi transform flights My hands start to sweat and I know to relax  I have  to listen to music , to try to watch some films . On travel superstitions ... I 'm only superstitious on the tennis court .	Rafael Nadal has been traveling the world on the tennis circuit since he was 15-years-old The multi-grand slam winning champion has become accustomed to life on the road in that time He highlights good hotels , friends and traveling light as key aspects of the successful road warrior 's armor
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer are both through to the last four of the Madrid Masters , although they enjoyed vastly differing victories on Friday . Second seed Nadal defeated Gael Monflis in straight sets , to book his place against compatriot Nicolas Almagro . Nadal outclassed Frenchman Monfils 6-1 6-3 in just 79 minutes and remains on course to regain his world number two ranking next week after a stunning start to his clay-court season . The Spaniard is aiming for his third consecutive clay-court title this year and record 18th ATP Masters success of his career . Earlier in the day , Almagro needed under an hour to dispose of Austria 's Jurgen Melzer 6-3 6-1 , to reach his first-ever masters tournament semifinal . Meanwhile , Federer clinched a revenge win over Latvian Ernests Gulbis , who beat the Swiss maestro in Rome three weeks ago . Defending champion and top seed Federer fought back to win 3-6 6-1 6-4 and will face either Andy Murray or David Ferrer for a place in Sunday 's final . "  I knew it would be a tough match after losing to him in Rome , " Federer told reporters . "  I was always a bit worried . I got off to a slow start in the first set and paid the price . In the second I recovered and won six games in a row and got on a roll . "	Top two seeds Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal reach Madrid Masters semis Federer defeats Ernests Gulbis in three sets while Nadal sees off Gael Monfils Federer 's win over Gulbis avenged his defeat at the hands of the Latvian in Rome
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Internet-based rip-offs jumped 33 percent last year over the previous year , according to a report from a complaint center set up to monitor such crimes . The report said that about 77.4 percent of perpetrators of Internet fraud were men . The total dollar loss from those crimes was $ 265 million . That 's $ 26 million more than the price tag in 2007 , the National Internet Crime Center said . For individual victims , the average amount lost was $ 931 . "  This report illustrates that sophisticated computer fraud schemes continue to flourish as financial data migrates to the Internet , " said Shawn Henry , the FBI 's assistant director of the Cyber Division . Americans filed 275,284 reports claiming to be ripped off on the Internet , the highest number reported since the center began keeping statistics in 2000 . The dollar loss has been on a steady increase since 2004 , while the number of cases referred to law enforcement has decreased steadily since that same year . Complaints to the center have resulted in several arrests , the center said , although information comes only from agencies that voluntarily provide the results of investigations . Henry said the figures show the need for computer users , in businesses and in homes , to be wary and use sound security practices while using the Internet . The center said the top three most frequent complaints were about merchandise that was n't delivered or payment that was n't received , Internet auction fraud and credit/debit card fraud . Other scams include confidence frauds such as Ponzi schemes , check fraud , the Nigerian letter fraud and identity fraud . One popular identity fraud scam used during 2008 involved sending e-mails crafted to appear as if they 'd been sent by the FBI . Sometimes the scammers went so far as to say the mailings were from FBI Director Robert Mueller himself , according to the center . The e-mails would ask the recipient for personal information , such as a bank account numbers , claiming the FBI wanted the information to look into an impending financial transaction . One variation of the scheme , according to the center , was to send an e-mail saying the recipient is entitled to lottery money or an inheritance and the funds can be moved as soon as bank account information is supplied . The FBI has issued warnings about such scams in the past , and Monday 's report included a new one : "  The FBI does not contact U.S. citizens regarding personal financial matters through unsolicited e-mails . " The report said that about 77.4 percent of perpetrators of Internet fraud were men , and about half lived in either California , New York , Florida , Washington , Texas or the District of Columbia . More than 55 percent of those who filed complaints were men . But the report noted that anyone who uses the Internet can be a victim , and that the ages of victims have ranged from 10 to 100 . Internet crime offers unique challenges to investigators . The report said the offender and victim often live in different states and sometimes different countries , requiring multiple law enforcement agencies to cooperate and conquer any issues of jurisdiction . Another big problem is the anonymity of using the Internet . In most instances , a victim never meets the criminal . The Internet Crime Complaint Center is a partnership of the FBI and the National White Collar Crime Center .	Internet users said they were scammed out of a total of $ 265 million last year FBI : Report shows "  sophisticated computer fraud schemes continue to flourish " Americans filed record 275,284 reports claiming to be ripped off Report said that about 77.4 percent of perpetrators of Internet fraud were men
A New York grand jury has declined to indict a white police officer who shot and killed an ailing 68-year-old black veteran in his own apartment , the Westchester County District Attorney 's Office said Thursday . The shooting occurred in November after police responded to a call that Kenneth Chamberlain , who suffered from respiratory and heart problems , had set off his medical alert device , indicating he needed help . The encounter was recorded by audio and video devices which police released to the public yesterday to counter charges they had engaged in excessive force and racial profiling . District Attorney Janet DiFiore called the shooting "  a tragedy on many levels " but said the grand jury had not chosen to indict after hearing from 42 witnesses , including Police Officer Anthony Carelli , who fired the fatal shots . "  There were civilian witnesses , there were police witnesses , there were expert witnesses ,100 exhibits went before that jury . And in this case most of this event was captured in audio of video tape , " DiFiore said . "  All of that information was before the people who made the determination in this case . " Following her announcement , the White Plains Police Department released much of this evidence , including portions of the audio and video tapes and 200 pages of documents . In the very early hours of November 19 , Chamberlain had accidently set off a medical alert pendant he wore around his neck in case of emergency . The company that monitors the device alerted the city which dispatched an ambulance to the scene . Police arrived first and are seen entering on a hallway security camera . An audio tape of a speakerphone inside Chamberlain 's apartment records the dispatcher asking Chamberlain if he is okay . He repeatedly says he is fine and asks for police to go away . "  This is your health center , Full life aid . Mr. Chamberlain do you need help ? , " they ask him at one point . "  Yes , this is emergency , I have the White Plains Police Department knocking on my door and I did not call them and I am not sick , " he replies , then he is heard asking the police to please go away . In the written reports , Officer Stephen Demchuk describes Chamberlain as an irrational man who stuck an 8-inch butcher knife through a crack in the door and jammed it shut with a chair when police tried to enter . Police carried a Taser gun with a video camera on it that recorded about 20 minutes of their determination to get inside . A metal object is protruding through a crack in the door but it is unclear what it is . Next , police can be seen forcing the door open and firing the taser at Chamberlain who is wearing only shorts . He is standing there with only one arm visible at his side and yells "  shoot me , shoot me , mother  expletive  , shoot me : " It is unclear whether the Taser fire strikes him . He is left standing there when the video cuts off . Police say that after the Taser failed they shot bean bags at Chamberlain , then forced their way in . Demchuk says Chamberlain made " "  continuous slashing motions towards my head and face " and that officer Carelli only fired real bullets when Chamberlain went after another officer "  with the butcher knife raised . " Photos of the crime scene show signs of forced entry , blood on the floor and an overturned chair . There is no video of the the shooting . "  He feared for his life , " said Chamberlain 's son , also named Kenneth . "  He kept asking them to go away and that he did n't need their help . " He said his father was an old man who was sick and said police were not justified in forcing their way in when he had committed no crime . Shooting draws parallels to Trayvon Martin case "  They were supposed to be there to help him because of a medical alert , " he said . Chamberlain 's niece , Tonya Greenhill , was outside the door with police , asking them to let her talk to her uncle instead of forcing their way in , she said . "  I heard my uncle begging and pleading them to please leave him alone , " Greenhill said . "  I could begin to almost hear fear in his voice . " Chamberlain , a former Marine , had such severe respiratory problems he could not walk a flight of stairs , according to his medical records . An autopsy released yesterday showed he had a blood alcohol level of 0.11 -- high enough to be considered legally drunk . Greenhill , who lives in the building , said her uncle told them he was fine when they arrived but did not want to open the door . She said she insisted to police that they let him talk to his family , but they refused . David Chong , White Plains public safety commissioner , told reporters : "  We are obligated as a police department never to walk away from an emergency and we 're not going to . " He added that his department would be reviewing the entire case and how they deal with emotionally disturbed people in the future . The city has said it will also conduct an independent review . In wake of the case of Trayvon Martin , the unarmed , black 17-year-old who was shot and killed in Sanford , Florida , by a neighborhood watch volunteer , the Chamberlain case gained national attention with more than 206,000 signing an online petition asking for the district attorney to charge the officers involved in the shooting with murder and civil rights violations . The family said they believed Chamberlain was treated differently because he lives in a housing project and is black . They said could hear one of the police officers on the audio tape referring to Chamberlain by using the N-word . That was not part of the evidence released yesterday , but the district attorney confirmed it was on the tape and said : "  The use of a racial epithet in any context is offensive to the dignity of all of us . "	Grand jury declines to indict police officer who fired fatal shots in November They responded when Kenneth Chamberlain 's medical alert device went off Chamberlain 's family accused police of excessive force and racial profiling The White Plains veteran , 68 , was black ; police said he displayed knives at his door
CNN  -- Seven-time European champions AC Milan breezed into the group stages of the Champions League with a 4-1 aggregate victory over Dutch side PSV Eindhoven . The continent 's top club competition would have seemed inconceivable without the Italian giants but they made light work of their youthful opponents at their San Siro stadium . Two goals from Kevin-Prince Boateng and one from Italy striker Mario Balotelli secured Milan 's passage to the lucrative group stages . After suffering defeat in their opening Serie A game at the weekend to Hellas Verona , Milan restored some pride and ensured they will be in the hat when the draw is made on Thursday . If Milan enjoyed a comfortable night , Scottish champions Celtic had to secure their passage the hard way after coming back from a 2-0 first leg deficit to beat Shakhter Karagandy from Kazakhstan . Shakhter were prevented from conducting their usual pre-match ritual of sacrificing a sheep and were hit by two goals either side of halftime as Kris Commons and Georgios Samaras leveled the tie . And just as it looked like extra time was inevitable , James Forrest finished off a cross from Anthony Stokes to send Celtic manager Neil Lennon sprinting the length of the touchline to celebrate with his players . Elsewhere , two goals from Carlos Vela helped Real Sociedad to a 2-0 victory over French side Lyon , the Spanish side winning 4-0 on aggregate . Zenit St Petersburg booked their place with an emphatic 8-3 aggregate victory over Portuguese side Pa  os de Ferreira , winning 4-2 in Russia . Miguel Danny scored twice . Czech club Viktoria Plzen triumphed 1-0 away to NK Maribor in Slovenia thanks to Stanislav Tecl 's goal as they ran out 4-1 winners on aggregate . In England 's League Cup -- the third most prestigious domestic title behind the Premier League and the FA Cup -- five top flight clubs were in action . Everton needed extra time to beat third tier Stevenage 2-1 , while Aston Villa defeated Rotherham , from the same league 3-0 . Newcastle beat Morecambe , from the fourth tier , 2-0 while Cardiff triumphed 2-0 at Accrington Stanley and Stoke beat Walsall 3-1 . The draw for the third round threw up a tantalizing tie as Manchester United were drawn at home against Liverpool . It is the first game in which Luis Suarez would be available to play for Liverpool after serving a 10-match ban for biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic at the end of last season . Suarez was banned for eight games the previous season after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra .	Italian giants AC Milan move into the group stages of the Champions League Milan beat PSV at the San Siro to win their playoff 4-1 on aggregate Celtic overturn a 2-0 first leg deficit to defeat Shakhter Karagandy Zenit St Petersburg , Real Sociedad and Viktoria Plzen also through
CNN Student News  -- Discussion Questions 1 . When is Black History Month observed ? When did Black History Month get its start ? Who was Dr. Carter G. Woodson ? What was his role in the establishment of Black History Month ? 2 . What are some significant events and milestones in U.S. black history ? Who are some of the individuals who have contributed to black history ? 3 . How does black history help to tell the story of what it means to be an American ? How have African-Americans enriched that story ? What lessons can be learned from the experiences of black history makers ? Learning Activities Use these activities to encourage your students to learn about and appreciate the history , culture and achievements of African-Americans . 1 . A Milestone in U.S. History Remind students that they have witnessed a truly historical event in their lifetime : the election of Barack Obama as the first African-American president . What will they remember about this milestone ? What do they want future generations to know about it ? Challenge students to write letters to students who will be in their place 100 years from now , describing the event and its significance for all Americans . Combine the letters into a book or a Web site , or create a video of students reading their letters . Present the finished product to your school 's historian or media specialist for archiving . 2 . Covering Black History Ask students : What if CNN correspondents had been on the scene to record key moments in black history for the entire world to see ? Organize students into small teams of reporters , and have each team select a time period in American history and a key figure or event that helped to define that time period for African-Americans . Then , have students imagine that CNN was there to cover the historical figure or event . Ask : How do you think that CNN reporters might have covered these stories ? Encourage the teams to write scripts for news stories on their historical figures and events . After students have presented their scripts , have them compare their reports to eyewitness accounts and local newspaper reports that were written at the time . 3 . Harlem Renaissance Inform students that during the 1920s and 1930s , an African-American cultural movement occurred in the United States that was known as the Harlem Renaissance . It was a literary , musical and artistic explosion that was born in Harlem , New York , and it had a profound impact on African-American culture and on the U.S. as a whole . Have your class host a Harlem Renaissance cultural fair . Direct students to online resources to learn about some of the great artists , writers and musicians who were part of the renaissance and their contribution to this cultural movement . Have each student select one of these African-American artists and design a display that tells about the life and times of the artist and the importance of his or her work . Invite guests from your school and community to attend the exhibit . Have students serve as "  roaming curators " to instruct and interest guests in the Harlem Renaissance and the creative works of these great African-Americans . 4 . Profiles in Black History Do your students show a personal interest in science , music , politics , theater , sports or education ? Inspire them to celebrate the contributions of African-Americans by having them write profiles of African-Americans in the categories that interest them . For example , a budding young scientist might choose to profile the inventor of the ironing board , the lawn mower or the space shuttle retrieval arm , all of whom were/are African-Americans . Direct your students to online and print resources and have them conduct research on their chosen individuals . Then , encourage students to write proposals to have their selected persons commemorated in new postage stamps . Students should accompany their proposals with designs for the stamps . In their presentations , students should try to convince classmates why their profiled persons should have a stamp created in their name . Post the designs around the classroom . 5 . Local African-American History Valuable lessons in black history may be found just a few steps away in the stories and documents that can be found in local libraries , historical organizations , universities or colleges , and online . Encourage students to venture out into the community to investigate the history and contributions of black Americans in their city or town . Students might choose to use milestones in black history as a way to organize their research , gathering information on how those events impacted the community and its residents . They may also decide to profile influential black community members . Have students invite community members to a celebration of local black history . 6 . Black History Museum Celebrate black history by creating plans for a local Black History Museum . First , have students decide where the museum should be housed . Suggestions might include a school or local library , an exhibit in an existing history museum , or perhaps a virtual online museum . Next , discuss how the museum should be organized . Students may choose to categorize the content by theme , by specific time periods , by specific dates , by people or by local landmarks . Encourage students to include interactive elements and multimedia in their plans . Then , challenge students to consider what people , events or contributions to include in their Black History Museum . Ask : What messages or lessons do you want visitors to take away from the exhibits ? 7 . Not Just for February Inform students that , while Dr. Carter G. Woodson chose the month of February to recognize the accomplishments of African-Americans , black history can be celebrated all year long . Challenge students to create year-long calendars or timelines that highlight the contributions of African-American newsmakers , illustrate key events in black history , and encourage an ongoing celebration of black culture . Standards Social Studies II . Time , Continuity , and Change Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ways human beings view themselves in and over time . V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/ are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Resources CNN : Black in America 2 : http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2009/black.in.america/ U.S. Census Bureau : Black  African-American  History Month : February 2010 : http://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/releases/archives/facts_for_features_special_editions/014487.html	February is Black History Month These questions and activities help students learn about the history , culture and achievements of African-Americans These questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning styles
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Two doctors who treated Anna Nicole Smith in the months before her death and her lawyer-boyfriend go on trial Wednesday on charges they illegally conspired to provide the actress with drugs . Steven Sadow , the lead lawyer for Howard K. Stern , said the defense team was "  very pleased " with the jury of six men and six women who were sworn in Tuesday afternoon . Opening statements were scheduled for Wednesday morning . Lawyers predicted the trial in Los Angeles County Superior Court could last up to three months . Potential jurors were asked more than 100 questions , including personal questions about their prescription drug use . Smith 's boyfriend Stern , along with Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor , face 23 felony charges , including three counts of conspiracy to dispense and administer controlled substances to a known addict . The three also are accused of conspiring to use false names to obtain drugs for Smith , a practice defense attorneys have argued was intended to protect the celebrity 's privacy . Smith died February 8 , 2007 , from what a Florida medical examiner ruled was "  acute combined drug intoxication . " Judge Robert Perry dismissed several jurors because of what he called "  language problems " or because they expressed opinions suggesting they had already concluded guilt in the case . The judge described one juror as "  dull " and predicted she would become a problem if allowed on the jury . Judge Perry ruled at the end of a 13-day preliminary hearing last fall that there was probable cause to try Stern and the two doctors for involvement in an alleged conspiracy to provide drugs to a known addict . "  Evidence in the record strongly suggests she was an addict , " he said . Perry said "  there was a widespread and ongoing effort " to obtain drugs for Smith , whom he characterized as a "  strong-willed person " intent on getting drugs . The doctors may have been "  blinded by the celebrity of their patient , " Perry said . A defense lawyer said the case could have a chilling effect on doctors who treat patients for pain , since the doctors could be held criminally liable if their prescriptions are deemed excessive . Witnesses described Smith as weak and "  zombie-like " much of the time in the months after September 11 , 2006 , when her 20-year-old son died in the Bahamas hospital room where she was recovering from the birth of her daughter . Sadow argued that Stern should not be charged because he did not know his companion was an addict or that it was illegal to obtain medication with a prescription written out to a false name . "  He 's being charged here with doctor-related activities , which doctors have specific knowledge of and he 's just a layperson , " Sadow told the judge . Prosecution witnesses outlined evidence that the doctors wrote many prescriptions using several names , including Stern 's , for drugs intended for Smith . "  One of their theories is that the mere prescribing of medications using a pseudonym is a crime and it 's rebutted by the fact that some of the most respected hospitals in this city use this practice to protect the privacy of some of their celebrity patients , " Eroshevich defense lawyer Adam Braun said . Prosecutors argued that Stern used the false names to get double doses of dangerous drugs to feed the addiction of the former Playboy model and reality TV star . Kapoor 's lawyer said prosecutors could make it difficult for California doctors to treat their patients for pain . "  If this prosecution is successful , you can all plan to call the D.A. office every time you ask your doctor for a prescription for pain , because that 's going to be the standard , " attorney Ellyn Garafalo said . Perry agreed with Braun 's argument that Eroshevich , a psychiatrist , "  deeply cared for Anna Nicole Smith and was well intentioned " with her treatment . "  I made that observation , " the judge said .	Two doctors and Smith 's boyfriend are charged The trial could last 3 months Anna Nicole Smith died in 2007 of "  drug intoxication "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan says the Pakistani military is behind recent deadly rocket attacks , but Islamabad says it is not responsible . Aminulllah Amarkhil , Afghan chief of eastern border police , said Monday that Pakistani military forces fired 35 pieces of artillery in Kunar province Sunday that , primary reports indicate , killed 20 civilians . Amarkhil said the rocket attacks began at 4 p.m. and last until midnight . Pakistani forces have been firing rockets on five districts of Kunar province , causing villagers to leave their homes , the police official said . "  During the last month , 36 people were killed and 30 people were injured in these attacks , " Amarkhil said . Amarkhil also said the Pakistani military shot 37 rockets in the past week on the Goshta district of Nangarhar province . Afghan President Hamid Karzai met with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari in Tehran , Iran , and discussed the attacks , according to a statement from Karzai 's office . In the meeting , Karzai asked Zardari for more information about the attacks in the bordering areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan . Zardari said the Pakistani side was not aware of such attacks and that the attacks were not carried by Pakistani army , according to the statement .	Afghan police official : 36 have been killed from rocket attacks in the past month Primary reports indicate 20 civilians were killed in an attack Sunday , the official said Afghan President Hamid Karzai meets with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari Zardari says Pakistan was not behind the attacks
CNN  -- The C-Suite . Near mythical in status . The Valhalla you reach in corporate life when you 've made it . So , how do you get there ? The tried and tested route of hard work and influence gets you a long way certainly . Stellar performance gets you noticed . A powerful network , an influential sponsor can give you a turbo boost on your way up . But though they will take you far , when it comes to the C-Suite , what gets you here -- as they say -- wo n't take you there . So , what is the difference that makes the difference when it comes to getting to the top ? In interviews with 268 senior executives , the Center for Talent Innovation researched what marked out their people as destined for the top . They isolated three key qualities for success in corporate life : gravitas , communication and appearance . Gravitas mattered most , with 67 % of those surveyed naming it as the crucial quality . Gravitas marks you out as having what it takes to lead . And if you want to understand how gravitas works , and to harness it in your life , the best place to start is the ancient world . Gravitas is a Roman word which translates dignity , impressiveness , seriousness , influence , weight and presence . And what the Romans understood but the modern world seems to have forgotten is that , to borrow from Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius , it 's possible for all of us to learn to "  carry yourself with authority . " In my book "  Gravitas : Communicate With Confidence , Influence and Authority  Random House  2014 , " I explore what the ancient world has to teach us in the modern age about unlocking our innate gravitas . And if I were to share the absolute essential aspect of gravitas to success in leadership it would be your ability , as "  pilot of the plane , " to handle turbulence . Stability is the essence of gravitas . Stable equilibrium is defined in physics as , "  A state in which the body tends to return to its original position after being disturbed . " This inner emotional ballast is also key when it comes to gravitas . The Sanskrit word "  guru " means "  weighty one , " implying someone who can not easily be knocked over . This stability -- emotionally , psychologically , physically -- is key to your gravitas . I learned most about this principle from a coach called Yoda  his nickname because of the wisdom he exudes  . Yoda transforms the people he works with -- from having jerky , twitchy faces and voices and the knee-jerk reactions of people trying to cope with unsustainable workloads and stressful demands , they take on a far more grounded , centered presence ; they seem wiser , more resourceful ; and they get results -- big time . So , of course , I asked Yoda his secret . What became clear was that Yoda was teaching his clients that you have to be aware of and able to lead yourself before you effectively lead others . Yoda told me a story about one of the young leaders at managing director  MD  level . The MD was focused and ambitious and had started to do the mindfulness practice Yoda had suggested for him . At the beginning of each day he 'd spend 10 minutes becoming calm and centered . It paid off . One day he found himself confronted directly by the chairman in a board meeting . Yoda watched as three times the chairman attacked the young MD 's ideas . Each time the MD calmly and confidently held his ground , swinging the discussion round to his point of view . The chair , disarmed by the MD 's calm , graceful and focused response to his attack , started to listen . He agreed to the MD 's recommendations . Later that day the MD got a call from the CEO of the organization , who 'd watched this exchange of views in the board meeting : "  We 've got 10 new jobs going in the management restructure , which one do you want ? " By staying present and steady the MD had communicated his ideas without creating an argument and without caving in . He 'd held his ground and found his stability even as the political terrain shifted . He had emanated gravitas . Others noticed and his life changed as a result . Leadership of the self starts with knowing yourself . As Yoda told me , self-awareness is key : "  It helps you find a deep and compassionate center in yourself where you 're not dislodged or anxious because of what 's going on around you . You 've got an internal source -- your capacity , your own intelligence . When you learn to rest into that ... it expresses itself through your voice and your own consciousness . " As the Romans understood very well , your ability to manage yourself is a reflection of your leadership of a wider sphere . If you can be trusted to stand firm under pressure it suggests you might be able to manage others . And as the ancient world understood , calming the body is as key as educating the mind . In modern times you 'd do well to learn from them if you want to make your way to the C-Suite . READ THIS : How to channel anger , lust and greed READ THIS : Five ways to resign in style The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Goyder .	Senior executives have named gravitas as the key quality for business success Caroline Goyder says everyone can learn how to carry themselves with authority She says that the ancient world can help executives unlock their inner gravitas "  Leadership of the self starts with knowing yourself , " adds Goyder
CNN  Labor Secretary Tom Perez said Saturday he believes the U.S. economy can "  recover quickly " from the months-long labor dispute that has crippled ports along the West Coast but acknowledged business owners across the country have already suffered losses . Perez helped broker a tentative contract agreement on Friday between dockworkers and their employers after President Barack Obama dispatched him to San Francisco this week . In an interview with CNN hours after the deal , Perez said he 's spoken to many business owners whose livelihoods took a hit because of the protracted dispute . "  I 'm ever mindful of the fact that there certainly has been some damage done , " Perez said . "  If you talk to the citrus farmers whose citrus rotted on the port , that 's damage that has been done . " Perez added , however , that he believes the conflict was resolved before it could do more permanent damage to country 's 2015 economic outlook . "  2014 was the best year since the late 90s in terms of job growth and we see a real hop in the step of this economy , " he said . "  I think in the grand scheme , I 'm confident that we can recover quickly . " Contract negotiations between the Pacific Maritime Association , which represents shipping companies and port operators , and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union , which represents dock workers on the West Coast , started in May . The two parties were unable to come to an agreement and have been without a contract since July . The standoff has been a nightmare for U.S. businesses that use the West Coast ports to import and export their goods . For weeks , vessels carrying thousands of containers have been sitting on the waterfront waiting to be loaded or unloaded , and the problem grew exponentially worse when the PMA temporarily stopped all loading and unloading of ships this month . The heads of the PMA and ILWU hailed the agreement as "  good for workers and for the industry " in a joint statement Friday . "  We are also pleased that our ports can now resume full operations , " they said . Analysts say the process of clearing the ports of the existing congestion could take weeks , if not months . Perez , who has been labor secretary since 2013 , told CNN that playing mediator in the West Coast ports dispute was "  among the most difficult " challenges he has faced so far in office . "  Helping to facilitate resolution involves the development of mutual trust and so I had to do that and I had to do it fast because I did n't have the luxury of time , " he said .	Tom Perez to CNN : Port strike wo n't cause permanent damage to economy Perez : ` I 'm confident that we can recover quickly '
CNN  -- Severe weather tore through the Southeast Sunday night and Monday , killing at least two people and injuring more than 100 . The National Weather Service confirms tornadoes touched down in Alabama and Arkansas . Possible tornadoes were also reported in Mississippi and Tennessee . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared a State of Emergency for all of the state 's 67 counties . The Alabama Red Cross estimates 211 homes have been destroyed and 218 suffered major damage , making them unlivable . Disaster relief crews are responding to the immediate needs of storm victims across the Southeast . There are ways you can help . Red Cross The Alabama Red Cross dispatched two emergency response vehicles to provide food to storm victims and opened shelters in Clay , Center Point and St. Clair County . Disaster teams in Arkansas are helping several displaced families secure emergency shelter after the storms damaged their homes . Local residents can volunteer at the Alabama Red Cross call bank . Contact Whitney Somerville with the Red Cross for details . Go online to make a donation to the Red Cross Disaster Relief fund or text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $ 10 donation from your mobile device . Salvation Army The Salvation Army of Alabama , Louisiana and Mississippi is providing relief services in Jefferson and Chilton counties . Five mobile feeding units sent to the area served over 400 meals on Monday . The organization is assessing additional needs and says it expects to maintain an extended presence in the damaged areas . To support the Salvation Army 's Emergency Disaster Services fund , go online or call 1-800-SAL-ARMY  725-2769  . Designate donations for "  January 2012 Tornado Relief . " Alabama Tornado Animals Alabama Tornado Animals is a group of local Alabama animal rescuers committed to helping lost pets find their way home . The group began in April 2011 after a deadly tornado outbreak devastated the region . The group is again helping to reunite lost pets with their families after Monday 's severe weather . E-mail reports of missing or found pets with a description , post to Facebook or tweet @ALtornadopets . Samaritan 's Purse Samaritan 's Purse sent a Disaster Relief Unit , a tractor-trailer with emergency equipment and supplies , to Trussville , Alabama , northeast of Birmingham . The organization is coordinating volunteers to help with cleanup efforts . Log on for more information on how to participate . Samaritan 's Purse also responded to the April 2011 tornado outbreak in the Southeast and continues to rebuild homes destroyed in that storm . To support the Samaritan 's Purse US Disaster Relief fund , make a donation online .	Severe weather slammed four states Monday morning The Red Cross and Salvation Army are providing food and shelter Alabama Tornado Animals is helping reunite lost pets with their families Samaritan 's Purse is coordinating volunteers to help clean up
CNN  -- One of the emergency responders at last month 's deadly Texas fertilizer plant explosion is now charged with possessing materials for a pipe bomb , a court document states . Authorities on Friday said they are launching a criminal investigation into last month 's blast in the town of West , but have not said if the arrest of Bryce Reed is connected . Local sheriff 's deputies were called on Tuesday to a residence where they found components for a pipe bomb , according to a criminal complaint affidavit . The officers determined that Reed had given the materials to the resident of that home last month . Among the materials found were a galvanized metal pipe , a fuse , coils of metal ribbon and several bags of chemical powders , the affidavit states . Reed , who was arrested early Friday , is charged with possession of a destructive device . "  At this time authorities will not speculate whether the possession of the unregistered destructive device has any connection to the West fertilizer plant explosion , " the U.S. attorney 's office for the Western District of Texas said in a release . If convicted , Reed would face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Reed spoke last month at a memorial for the victims at Baylor University . The arrest details came as authorities said they conducting a thorough criminal investigation into the April 17 fire and explosion that killed 14 in the small town of West . "  This disaster has severely impacted the community of West , and we want to ensure that no stone goes unturned and that all the facts related to this incident are uncovered , " DPS Director Steven McCraw said . On Monday , the state fire marshal 's office said it ruled out four potential causes : weather , natural causes , anhydrous ammonium , and ammonium nitrate in a rail car . The fire began in the fertilizer and seed building , but authorities still were trying to figure out the exact spot , the fire marshal 's office said Monday . The blast happened about 20 minutes after the first report of a fire at the fertilizer facility . It registered on seismographs as a magnitude-2 .1 earthquake and could be felt 50 miles away . The explosion damaged numerous homes , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school , all of which were built within a few hundred feet of the plant . West is about 70 miles south-southwest of Dallas , Scores of investigators have followed up on scores of leads relating to the explosion . At least 60 investigators have been on site each day and have conducted 411 interviews in trying to determine how the fire started and what caused the explosion . "  The citizens of McLennan County and Texas must have confidence that this incident has been looked at from every angle and professionally handled -- they deserve nothing less , " McLennan Sheriff Parnell McNamara said . West Fertilizer Co. , which operated the facility , had been cited by federal regulators twice since 2006 . In 2012 , the Transportation Department 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer $ 5,250 for storing anhydrous ammonia in tanks that lacked the proper warning labels . The agency originally recommended a $ 10,000 penalty , but it was reduced after the company took corrective action . In 2006 , the EPA fined it $ 2,300 and told the owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time . The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality also investigated a complaint about the lingering smell of ammonia around the plant the same year .	NEW : Bryce Reed had the materials to make a pipe bomb NEW : Authorities will not say if the arrest is related to the deadly fertilizer plant blast The state fire marshal 's office has said it ruled out four potential causes The April 17 fire and blast at West Fertilizer Co. killed 14 people
RollingStone.com  -- At her MDNA tour stop in St. Petersburg , Russia , on August 9th , Madonna challenged the city 's gay pride ban by giving away pink wristbands and speaking out at her show , according to The Hollywood Reporter . St. Petersburg prohibits the "  propagation of homosexuality " and "  promotion of gay lifestyles , " and authorities had warned Americans of violent threats . Despite several protests , the pop star handed out pink bracelets to concert attendees in opposition to the city 's policies . A sign above the stage informed concertgoers that the bracelets showed "  tolerance for the gay community " and encouraged fans to wear them . Madonna demanded "  respect , tolerance and love " for the LGBT community during the show , saying , "  We want to fight for the right to be free . " Though she asked the crowd to raise their bracelets in support , the audience reportedly showed a mixed reaction . Later , Madonna revealed the words "  No Fear " written on her back and waved LGBT flags . Madonna 's MDNA tour has caused plenty of controversy . Last week , Elton John ripped the pop star , calling her career "  over . " She displayed World War II-era footage of the Warsaw Uprising at a tour stop in Warsaw , Poland , in response to protests earlier this month . In July , she was booed and called a "  slut " by fans at an unexpected Paris show . France 's far-right National Front party announced they will file a lawsuit against Madonna for her use of Nazi imagery at a tour stop in Paris . She has also canceled the Australian leg of her MDNA tour and was recently sued over an uncleared sample on her 1990 hit "  Vogue . " See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Madonna handed out pink bracelets in support of tolerance of the gay community St. Petersburg , Russia , prohibits the "  propagation of homosexuality " Madonna 's tour has caused plenty of controversy
CNN  -- The new report out of the Congressional Budget Office confirms what Republicans have said all along : Raising the minimum wage could cost hundreds of thousands of jobs . Under normal circumstances , this would be a devastating blow to the Democrats . But these are exciting times . Now , evidence of one thing from nonpartisan sources can be mined and manipulated to read as evidence of the opposite . Earlier , when the CBO said the Affordable Care Act could make 2 million Americans less likely to seek work , that was spun by the left as : Obamacare releases 2 million workers from the pressures of "  job lock . " The minimum wage report is also being spun . In the moments after the report was released , Democrats were already pulling the "  good " bits from the report to tout the strength of their prior arguments . Both sides do that , of course . But the problem with this is that the "  good " talking point Democrats are celebrating is one that was never questioned . By anyone . The "  revelation " that raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour would increase hourly wages for millions of people hardly warrants the "  I told you so " Dems want to deliver . It more warrants a "  no duh . " After all , is anyone truly surprised that paying people more money will mean they make more money ? Where Democrats ca n't get off so easy is on the news that raising the minimum wage will result in a loss of half a million jobs . Although some will try to shrug that off -- such as @benadgatemusic , who tweeted at me , "  oh noooooo .03 % of the workforce ! Nice concern trolling , S.E. " -- most serious folks will recognize that 's no small number . But time and time again , Democrats have insisted that raising the minimum wage will not result in less hiring despite everything you or I have ever learned about supply and demand economics . Paul Krugman , for example : "  The great preponderance of the evidence from these natural experiments points to little if any negative effect of minimum wage increases on employment . " Robert Reich , for another : "  It has been raised consistently , and it has never actually killed jobs . In fact , there has been no relationship between raising the minimum wage and losing jobs . " President Barack Obama : There 's "  no solid evidence that a higher minimum wage costs jobs . " This puts Democrats in a tricky position . Instead of being a little less committed to an economic principle they should have known to be false , they doubled down . Now they 're left explaining not only why raising the minimum wage is still a good idea but why they did n't seem to anticipate these findings . They can spin this all they want . And I 'll even throw them a bone -- the report also says that raising the minimum wage will reduce the number of people living in poverty by an estimated 900,000 . That 's a good thing . The question we have to ask ourselves : Would that be that worth the potential loss of 500,000 jobs ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S. E. Cupp : New CBO report showing minimum wage hike could cost jobs flummoxes Dems She says GOP has long held what CBO said ; Dems are trying to spin hike as poverty-lowering CBO says raising minimum wage could indeed take 900,000 people out of poverty , she says Cupp asks : Is doing that while potentially losing 500,000 jobs worth it ?
CNN  -- A compilation album commemorating the 50th anniversary of the human rights organization Amnesty International features some musicians you might expect : activist artists like Sting , Elvis Costello and the Dave Matthews Band . But it 's the singers you would n't expect who are causing the biggest stir : namely , Miley Cyrus and Ke $ ha . Even more surprising ? The pop princesses join 80 or so fellow musicians in offering their renditions of classic tunes by the venerable Bob Dylan . On the four-CD collection , "  Chimes of Freedom : The Songs of Bob Dylan Honoring 50 Years of Amnesty International , " Cyrus sinks her teeth into "  You 're Gon na Make Me Lonesome When You Go " from the legendary songwriter 's 1975 album , "  Blood on the Tracks . " Ke $ ha 's sparse cover of Dylan 's 1963 recording "  Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right " has found a fan in Rage Against the Machine 's Tom Morello , who admits it 's one of his favorite cuts on the compilation . Morello himself contributes a haunting take of "  Blind Willie McTell " under his solo alter ego , the Nightwatchman . "  It 's been my dream to be on a record with Miley Cyrus and Ke $ ha , and I commend them , " the guitarist said with a hint of a smile . "  I , too , am nondenominational in my activism . If you 're down for the cause , then the Nightwatchman is down with you . " "  I think that Amnesty International believes in everything Bob Dylan stands for , " added Ziggy Marley , who puts a reggae twist to "  Blowin ' in the Wind . " "  The best way to honor what he has done is not by imitating it but translating it into your own voice . " In 1962 , Amnesty International evolved into a movement advocating freedom , justice and human dignity for people around the globe . That same year , Bob Dylan released his self-titled debut album for Columbia Records . Over the course of the next half-century , he has chronicled social issues and the human condition with an empathetic voice . "  The idea that Bob Dylan started at the same time as Amnesty International , and now we 're doing the songs of Bob Dylan for Amnesty International to celebrate their 50th year , is something that is significant in the universe , " Marley said . Even though Joe Perry has enjoyed a lengthy career with Aerosmith , he has yet to meet his fellow Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , despite donating a bluesy version of Dylan 's "  Man of Peace " to the Amnesty project . "  He 's the enigmatic Bob Dylan , and I 've never crossed paths , " Perry confided . "  A good friend got me a signed 8x10 for my birthday . It says , ` To Joe , keep your hands on the wheel . From Bob . ' It 's one of my prized possessions . "	Amnesty International celebrated its 50th anniversary with a compilation album About 80 musicians offered their renditions of classic tunes by the venerable Bob Dylan The four CD collection is called "  Chimes of Freedom "
CNN  Marie Holmes was watching cartoons with her kids when she won the Powerball jackpot . But at the time , the 26-year-old single mom in North Carolina had no idea she was about to be $ 127 million richer . It was n't until the next day , when she saw a friend post online about the lottery numbers , that she realized she had the winning ticket . Even then , she did n't believe it until she double-checked the numbers with her mother . Then , she screamed . "  I scared my kids because I was jumping up and down in the house , " she said , beaming on Monday after North Carolina lottery officials handed over a giant check with her name on it as confetti rained down from the ceiling . Their startled reaction was just the first of many ways Holmes said her children -- ages 7 , 4 , 3 and nine months -- are going to see their lives change because of the prize , she said . "  This is going to make a huge difference for them , " she said . "  They 're going to be able to go to school , not have to worry about paying for it . They 're going to be able to live a comfortable life and not worry about struggling . " Holmes is from the coastal town of Shallotte , North Carolina . The winning ticket , Holmes said , was in a $ 15 batch her mom picked up for her at a convenience store on the way to church . The other two winning tickets of this month 's Powerball jackpot were purchased in Texas and Puerto Rico , and the three winners split a jackpot listed by lottery officials at $ 564 million . Split three ways , that comes to $ 188 million each , if the winners took the payout over time . A lump-sum payment is smaller , but still , $ 127 million is no small change . Even after taxes . Holmes ' win is the largest in North Carolina 's history , officials said . Holmes told CNN affiliate WECT last week that she thought she was going to have a heart attack when she found out she 'd won . "  I do n't know if I want to cry , smile , what , I 'm just grateful for this moment . I 'm thankful that I can bless my kids with something that I did n't have , " she said . But she was more measured on Monday . "  I 'm not sure how I feel right now , " she said . "  I do n't believe it yet . " Holmes has supported her children in the past with jobs at Walmart , Food Lion supermarket , KFC , McDonald 's and Subway , lottery officials said . She 's been living with seven of her family members in one home . Now she 's hoping to get each of them their own place to live . Since the day earlier this month when she realized she 'd won , Holmes said her life has already changed . She was sandwiched between a lawyer and financial adviser as she accepted her winnings Monday . Security , she said , now has to accompany her whenever she goes outside -- something she 's still adjusting to . She told reporters Monday she wants to keep her kids out of the spotlight to make sure they 're safe . She said she 's still consulting with advisers about how to spend the money , which she 's accepted in the $ 127 million lump-sum payment  totaling $ 87.9 million after taxes  . . For now , she said she plans to donate to churches and cerebral palsy charities . She 's also hoping to travel , possibly leaving the United States for the first time to visit Paris . And she wants to go back to school . The prize , she said , means everything to her as a mother . "  Anything my kids ask for , I can actually get it for them , and I do n't have to tell them , ` no , ' " she said . Asked by a reporter if she would still tell them no anyway for good reasons , Holmes smiled and did n't hesitate . "  Yes , " she said .	"  I was jumping up and down in the house , " Powerball winner Marie Holmes says The 26-year-old single mom accepted a $ 127-million lump sum payment Now she says her four kids are "  going to be able to live a comfortable life and not worry about struggling "
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson blasted Rep. Duncan Hunter 's suggestion that ISIS fighters have crossed the United States ' southern border into Texas . "  Let 's not unduly create fear and anxiety in the public by passing on speculation and rumor , " Johnson said Wednesday on CNN 's "  Situation Room . " Hunter , a California Republican , claimed on Fox News on Tuesday night that he 'd learned from Border Patrol officers that at least 10 ISIS fighters had been caught trying to cross the Mexican border -- and that "  you know there 's going to be dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol . " Johnson said those claims are n't supported by "  credible , specific intelligence to that effect . " He said public officials should "  be responsible in what we decide to share with the American public , so that the public is informed . " His comments came after a Homeland Security spokeswoman called Hunter 's statement "  categorically false . " "  I look at the intelligence reports from overseas , from our southern border , from our intelligence community virtually every day , numerous times a day , to be on the lookout for something of that nature , " Johnson said . U.S. winning fight against ISIS recruiting , official says "  So what I would say to the American public is , we 're vigilant in looking out for individuals of suspicion that may be crossing our border , and we have no specific intelligence that ISIL is planning to come into the U.S. through our southern border , " he said , using another acronym for ISIS . Hunter spokesman Joe Kasper said the congressman stands by his comments . "  A high level source informed the congressman -- it was also said that DHS is actively discouraging any talk of IS on the border , " Kasper said . "  The congressman was conveying what he knows -- and what he was told , " he said . "  And as for DHS ' statement , it makes sense that the left hand of DHS does n't know what the right hand is doing -- it 's been that way for a long time and we do n't expect that to change . No surprise there . " Self-funded and deep-rooted : How ISIS makes its millions	Homeland Security secretary says ISIS fighters have n't crossed into the U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter claimed Tuesday that at least 10 had crossed the southern border Secretary Jeh Johnson calls those claims "  speculation and rumor "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban leader has instructed fighters in Afghanistan to target U.S. and other coalition troops in response to the United States sending more troops into the war . U.S. Army soldiers , right , watch two Afghan soldiers at ISAF 's Camp Bostick in the eastern Kunar province . A two-page statement sent to CNN instructs fighters to start new attacks against coalition troops and Afghan parliament members , and urges suicide bombers to strike . The statement was written by Mula Birather , a Taliban chief of at least 12 military groups in Afghanistan . Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid confirmed to CNN that the statement came from Birather . The statement also warned Afghans to not get "  near U.S. troops anywhere because we will target them any where they are and if anybody is killed in a attack on them we will not be responsible for their death . " The statement comes as U.S. troops begin increased deployments in Afghanistan . President Barack Obama approved sending 4,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March and pledged to send 17,000 more . Col. Greg Julian , a spokesman for U.S. Forces-Afghanistan , responded to the statement . "  The Taliban extremists are promising to bring more death and destruction to Afghanistan and limit the freedom of movement of all Afghans , " Julian said . "  They offer no hope for the future , and only seek to kill ... We will continue working side-by-side with our Afghan partners to improve security and demonstrate to these ruthless murders and criminals that they will not stop progress in Afghanistan . " Meanwhile across the border in Pakistan , the country 's military intensified its drive against the Taliban in the country 's restive tribal regions , reclaiming a key town in the northwest district of Buner . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	Taliban leader instructs fighters in Afghanistan to target U.S. , coalition troops Statement written by Mula Birather , chief of at least 12 Afghan military groups U.S. troops are beginning increased deployments in Afghanistan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When U.S. citizen Edward Snowden decided to flee to Hong Kong because of its "  spirited commitment to free speech and the right of political dissent , " he may not have anticipated that some in the city would launch a protest backing him . Several hundred demonstrators took to Hong Kong 's streets in the rain Saturday voicing support for Snowden a week after the 29-year-old computer technician , who is believed to be hiding out somewhere in the city , revealed himself as the source of leaked documents exposing an international surveillance program of internet and telephone communications operated by the U.S. National Security Agency  NSA  . The revelation of his presence -- as well as his claims that Hong Kong had been subject to the surveillance -- has sparked heated speculation whether Hong Kong , a special administrative region -- one that is semi-autonomous -- of the People 's Republic of China , would prove to be a safe haven for him . Snowden said his intention was to "  ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate . " "  We 're rallying in order not to disappoint him and to ask Hong Kong to protect his well-being , not to extradite him , and to uphold Hong Kong law , " said blogger , activist and protest organizer Tom Grundy . Amid the blowing of whistles and chants of "  Protect Snowden ! " and "  NSA has no say ! " the protest brought together representatives from 27 civil rights , labor rights , and left-wing democratic groups , as well as many ordinary members of the public as well as media . Under the drizzling sky , protesters determined to show their support held laminated placards and umbrellas painted with slogans . Adi Koul and Jesus Meza , students from the University of Texas at Austin who are studying abroad in Hong Kong , said they found the protest "  really refreshing . " "  As Americans , it 's kind of disheartening to know -LSB- the surveillance program -RSB- is going on behind our backs and we do n't have a say in it , " said Koul . "  It 's empowering to see people who are n't necessarily American fighting for something they feel is a universal human right . " Ruth Jopling brought her daughters , Amber , aged eight , and three-year-old Jade , along to the protest ; the children held cut-out masks on sticks bearing Snowden 's image . "  It 's not just about our generation , but the next generation as well , " Jopling said . Amber echoed her mother 's sentiment : "  When I grow up , I can tell my children about this . " Organizers claimed an overall turnout of 900 protesters ; police said the demonstration had a peak turnout of 300 -- a relatively small showing compared to major protests in Hong Kong , which have attracted hundreds of thousands of people . Grundy said plans for the protest only began on Monday , and that he would be pleased if 1,000 people turned out in the end . The three-hour protest , which kicked off in a garden in the city 's business district and went on to the U.S. consulate and the Hong Kong government headquarters , failed to gain a strong sense of momentum , hampered in part by the narrow looping route allocated by the city 's authorities . At each rallying point , only a small group was able to gather around to hear the keynote speakers ; most protesters were relegated to standing single or double file some distance away . By the time the protest moved outside the government headquarters to deliver an open letter to the city 's leader , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung , the crowd had dropped to about 100 people . Snowden 's arrival in the city has heightened simmering fears about the ever-encroaching hand of Beijing in the city 's affairs and freedoms . While Hong Kong has its own de facto constitution , judiciary , and legal system under the "  one country two systems " policy , a deep mistrust runs in the city toward the government under Leung , who is widely viewed as being under the thumb of the Chinese central government . In a televised interview with Bloomberg Wednesday , Leung repeatedly insisted he "  does not comment on individual cases , " when asked how Hong Kong would handle Snowden 's case . His stonewalling infuriated many Hong Kongers . "  Judging from -LSB- this interview -RSB- , I think he 's waiting for instructions from Beijing , " said Oiwan Lam , a blogger and activist with in-media , the civil advocacy group that organized the protest with Grundy . According to Hong Kong law , if the U.S. was to request the city to surrender Snowden , Beijing could step in only if its defence or foreign affairs would be significantly affected by Hong Kong 's actions . Beijing is not allowed to interfere with any asylum proceedings . Nevertheless , many have expressed fears that Beijing will quietly influence Hong Kong 's handling of Snowden 's case . "  Hong Kong 's decisions are all based on the Chinese government , " said Sherry Hung , 24 , a graduate student at Hong Kong Baptist University . "  I do n't think Hong Kong can help Snowden , " she added , although she said it was important to show her support at the protest . Others also note that Hong Kong has a track record of cooperating with the United States . In particular , they fear Hong Kong will not respect due process in the Snowden case , instead enabling him to be quietly whisked away . Local media in Hong Kong last year reported on the case of a Libyan dissident who launched legal action against the city 's government , accusing them of aiding in his "  extraordinary rendition " and subsequent torture in prison . "  The biggest Western government -- the U.S government -- is his enemy . Now he can only count on us , the power of Hong Kong civil society and our legal system , " Ip Lam Chong of in-media told protesters . "  I see this incident as a stress test for Hong Kong society and its legal system . " Claudia Mo , a member of the Hong Kong legislature who addressed the protesters , said the city of Hong Kong "  owes Snowden at least some response . " "  The U.S is supposed to be the champion of democracy , but it 's been conducting blanket surveillance on a global scale , " she said . "  If the guy at the top has access to all our lines of communication , how is ... anyone ever going to start a revolution ? "	Several hundred protesters took to Hong Kong 's streets Saturday to support Edward Snowden Snowden has been hiding out in Hong Kong since fleeing the United States Mass speculation that Hong Kong may not provide safe haven for Snowden Snowden case has resparked simmering fears of Beijing 's interference in Hong Kong 's affairs and freedoms
CNN  -- You may not even know such a kingdom exists , but it already has a king . Anthony "  Romeo " Santos , known to his fans simply as Romeo , is the self-proclaimed king of bachata , and though he remains relatively unknown to the English-speaking world , he is poised to take the music world by storm with his unique bachata fusion . Bachata , which originated in the Dominican Republic , is music that predominantly speaks of heartbreak and sadness . The sound is a danceable track heavy on guitar and percussion . With his sultry voice , soulful lyrics and way of mixing the traditional island rhythm with more current hip-hop and R&B beats , Santos is considered a pioneer of the genre , nearly single-handedly making it a mainstream success . Santos began his career as lead singer of the group Aventura in the mid-1990s but has since ventured on his own . He just released "  Formula Volume 2 , " the sequel to his hugely successful first solo album , 2011 's "  Formula Volume 1 . " While "  Volume 1 " included vocals from the likes of Usher and Lil Wayne , "  Volume 2 " expands on these collaborations . "  When I was doing ` Formula Volume 1 , ' I had so many ideas that I knew one album was not going to be enough . In this album , I 'm offering a fusion of bachata with different genres : Jamaican reggae , Bob Marley type of reggae and dance hall , " Santos said . The new album features duos with Marc Anthony , Carlos Santana , as well as Drake and Nicki Minaj , both of whom offer vocals in Spanish . "  It 's actually great for both of us , for the artist and for myself , because they 're also trying to do something unique and different , and these types of collaborations allow that , " Santos said . The album has already released various singles that have quickly climbed to the top of the charts . "  Odio , " the track that features Drake , has become Santos ' eighth No. 1 hit on Billboard 's U.S. Hot Latin Songs chart . The track also debuted at No. 45 on the Hot 100 , the highest-charting debut for a Spanish language song in the chart 's 55-year history . Santos also recently announced that he will become the first Latin solo artist to headline a concert at New York 's Yankee Stadium , and the first Latin act to perform at the iconic stadium since the Fania All Stars in 1973 . "  I understand the big responsibility , and I 'm honored , " Santos said at a news conference at the stadium to announce the performance . "  I grew up in this neighborhood , near Yankee Stadium , and I would walk around with my cousin and we were just trying to buy tickets to see a baseball game . I never even imagined that I would be performing , and to just make it to this point in my career as a solo artist is just extremely wonderful , and I 'm just like , wow , this is crazy . " It is a big-scale concert planned to meet the ever-growing demand for tickets to his shows . That 's definitely a long way to come for the Bronx-born Dominican/Puerto Rican singer who says he found most of his musical influences on the streets of his old neighborhood . "  I grew up listening to bachata , to some of the greats of the genre . But it was very natural for me to create this type of fusion and to incorporate new beats , " he said . "  I was born and raised in the Bronx , and growing up here , you would go down the block , and on one corner you would hear bachata , on another corner some salsa , and of course there was hip-hop and R&B all over the place . So for me , it is very organic to have these combinations . " Crossover , however , is not a term Santos is comfortable with . While both solo albums include English language tracks , he says bachata and Spanish are his strong suits , and rather than making an all-English album , Santos said he encourages the English-speaking audience to cross over , too -- into his world . "  I 'm a bachatero for the most part ; that 's what I want to do . I offer one or two English language tracks on this album , but ` el fuerte ' is always bachata , " he said . "  When I reached out to these artists and said , ` Look would you consider singing with me , you do n't have to sing in Spanish , but you know it 's a Spanish record , ' they accepted right away . And I have to say , it was actually Drake 's idea to sing in Spanish . Nicki 's , too . " Santos also happens to be a major heartthrob . He has amassed a huge fan base , mostly of women who swoon over his suave , romantic vocals , which , in traditional bachata style , speak of love lost and gained . But , he said , it was n't always that way . "  Growing up , I was n't the best-looking kid , and you know , I personally do n't feel like a sex symbol . I think the girls like me because I 'm very passionate , and I 'm very romantic with my lyrics , " he said , laughing , "  I 'm not saying I 'm the ugliest guy in the planet , but I am definitely no model . " Whatever the formula , it has been successful , something Santos credits to his upbringing . "  Having great parents has a lot to do with the success . Dedication , too . Anyone can achieve anything they want if they are just disciplined , if they have ethics , and then just try to reinvent yourself . Originality plays a big factor in anyone 's career . " Are music fans ready for Romeo Santos ' original view of the world ? The odds look good .	Bachata music originated in the Dominican Republic and mostly speaks of heartbreak , sadness The music is danceable and is heavy on guitar and percussion Anthony "  Romeo " Santos , a rising star in the bachata world , will play Yankee Stadium Santos just released "  Formula Volume 2 , " the sequel to his successful first solo album
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's party got the most votes in Israel 's national election Tuesday , but a respectable showing by centrists could slow or halt a rightward swing in the government . Netanyahu 's Likud Beitenu won between 31 and 33 Knesset seats in the Israel election , TV exit polls reported , winning the most , as expected . Jewish Home , an extreme right party with a charismatic leader named Naftali Bennett , got between 11 and 12 seats . But the Yesh Atid party , a new centrist movement devoted to helping the middle class and halting military draft exemptions for ultra-Orthodox civilians , came in a surprising second place with at least 18 seats , according to the exit polls . Netanyahu told weary but elated supporters early Wednesday he plans to form a government "  as broad as possible " and pursue his goals with "  many partners . " "  I believe the results of the election represent an opportunity to make changes that the people of Israel want to see and that will serve all citizens of the state of Israel , " he said . "  I plan to lead those changes and to that end we must establish a government that is as broad as possible , and I 've already started out on that task . " He cited a number of principles a new government will embrace : security , preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons , economic responsibility in the face of the global financial crisis , increasing equality in sharing burdens and lowering the cost of living , including the cost of apartments . Israel defies international criticism of settlement plans "  It is a great privilege but it is also a great responsibility , " Netanyahu said . "  I believe the results of the elections represent an opportunity to make changes that the people of Israel want to see and  that  will serve all of the citizens of the state of Israel . " But the centrists and leftists attracted waves of voters displeased with , among other things , Israel 's high cost of living , and more supportive of talks with Palestinians . At first glance , the initial result reflects a politically polarized electorate , with possibly an edge to the rightists . Yossi Beilin , a politician who is staunchly in the peace camp and one of the chief architects of the Israeli-Palestinian peace initiative called the Oslo Accords , said he thinks that it will be impossible for Netanyahu to form his own government and he hopes none of the center-left parties join his government . "  The center-left in Israel is alive and kicking . It 's almost the majority , or half and half , " he told CNN . "  All the talks about the demise of the left are over for the time being . " Yesh Atid 's leader is a dynamic figure -- Yair Lapid , a longtime prominent journalist whose late father , Tommy Lapid , led Shinui , a onetime secularist party that took on the influence and power of the ultra-Orthodox . Yesh Atid also calls for reforming the governmental system , improving education , jump-starting the economy through small-business assistance and providing housing assistance for military veterans and young couples . The Labor Party , whose leader Shelly Yacimovich campaigned solely on economic concerns , apparently won 17 seats , according to exit polling . Before the election , she was expected to finish in second place , so that is a surprise . She and other centrists were working to tap into the disaffected Israelis who took to the Tel Aviv streets in 2011 to protest frustrating economic conditions . Hatnua , the party of former Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , who is focused on talks with Palestinians , gained seven seats . Another poll says Meretz , a longtime left-wing party , gained at least five seats . "  Politics is often about expectations , " said David Makovsky , an Israeli analyst at the the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  Once the public thought that Netanyahu was a shoo-in , it assumed his victory and looked for a fresh face that would be focused on issues that he has not prioritized . This explains the meteoric rise of a new party  Yesh Atid  which said it would focus on the middle class and find a way so the ultra-Orthodox participate in burden-sharing by joining either the compulsory army or civilian form of mandatory service . " One party in Israel never gets a parliamentary majority of more than 60 seats , so parties must rely on coalition-building . The question is whether Netanyahu will stay on the right or move to the center . Will Netanyahu form a right-wing coalition with Jewish Home and religious blocs such as Shas -- which earned between 11 and 13 seats , exit polls show ? Or will he move to the center and try to form a coalition with Yesh Atid , for example , and others ? Or is it possible that a center-left coalition could be cobbled together , without the right wing ? Netanyahu and his party sensed Yesh Atid 's momentum . He called on his backers to come out and vote . "  The Likud government is in danger , go vote for us for the sake of the country 's future , " he was quoted as saying . Opinion : Do n't expect an Obama-Netanyahu blowup After the exit polls rolled in , Netanyahu thanked Israelis on Facebook for his showing and indicated that he wants to "  a very wide government " as the hard work of coalition building begins on Wednesday . "  The  election  results observed are a great opportunity for many changes for the benefit of all citizens of Israel . The complications ahead of us are many and wide , as from tonight I will start my efforts to form a very wide government as possible . " Michael Singh , managing director at the Washington institute , said the result reflects polarized politics in Israel . The immediate consequences of the result is that coalition building will be quite difficult and time-consuming , he said . The worst-case scenario would be government paralysis and maybe another election sooner rather than later . While he said it 's possible that a centrist coalition led by Yesh Atid , which means "  there is a future , " and Labor could emerge , Singh thinks Netanyahu and Lapid will form a government . Likud celebrated after the results came in . Danny Danon , a Likud party member expected to serve in the next Knesset , was asked why the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has n't been front and center in the campaign . Both talks and the issue of Iran were not as prominent among factors as expected by many observers . Domestic issues , in contrast , played a large role in the campaign . Israel has no partner among Palestinians , Danon said , and noted that peace initiatives have been tried but have n't borne fruit . He cited the situation in Gaza , where militants fire missiles into Israel despite the country 's departure from that Palestinian territory . Israel launched an offensive against Palestinian militants in Gaza last year after enduring missile fire on its territory . The next government , he said , will reach out to Palestinians "  but will also continue to make sure Israelis are strong and safe . " Israel does n't "  want to see an al Qaeda state in our backyard , " Danon said . Makovsky said the election is good news for the Obama administration , which has had prickly relations with the right-wing Netanyahu government . It comes after a high turnout -- the percentage of eligible voters who cast a vote was 66.6 % , just 1 % more than the 2009 election . "  It 's unclear if Netanyahu wanted a pure right-wing option in the first place , " he said . "  But Washington can breathe a sigh of relief that Netanyahu will need to reach accommodation with some parties at the center of the map who essentially would like to see progress on the Palestinian issue as well as on economic issues . " CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Kareem Khadder and Nicola Goulding reported from Israel .	Netanyahu 's party wins but the centrists do well , exit polls show Will the new government be more centrist or move right ? Yesh Atid comes in second , Labor third , exit polling says Far right Jewish Home gets 12 seats
A former BP engineer has been charged with destroying 200-plus text messages about the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , including one concluding that the undersea gusher was far worse than reported at the time . Kurt Mix faces two counts of intentionally destroying evidence requested by authorities , federal prosecutors announced Tuesday . The charges mark the first criminal case brought in conjunction with the 2010 blowout in the Gulf of Mexico , which spewed nearly 5 million barrels of crude into the sea . Mix had been assigned to estimate the size of the spill , and one of the messages investigators recovered "  includes real-time flow-rate analysis " during an effort to plug the damaged well . That data contradicted the company 's public statements about the ongoing disaster , according to an FBI agent 's affidavit outlining the charges against him . The effort , called a "  top kill , " involved plugging the ruptured deep-sea well by pumping heavy drilling fluid into it from the surface , nearly a mile above . "  Before Top Kill commenced , Mix and other engineers had concluded internally that Top Kill was unlikely to succeed if the flow rate was greater than 15,000 barrels of oil per day , " the Justice Department said in a statement announcing the charges . On the first day of the operation , Mix sent a message back to his supervisor that read , "  Too much flowrate -- over 15,000 and too large an orifice , " an FBI affidavit outlining the charges states . That data indicated "  that Top Kill was not working , contrary to BP 's public statements at that time , " the affidavit states . When the operation began , the publicly announced estimate of the spill by BP and federal agencies was 5,000 barrels a day , though BP had acknowledged the amount was likely higher . The day after Mix 's message , the U.S. government raised its estimate of the spill amount to 12,000 barrels a day ; two days later , BP announced that the "  Top Kill " attempt had failed . According to the affidavit , an early estimate of the blowout Mix produced ranged from 64,000 barrels a day to 138,000 ; another ranged from 1,000 to 146,000 per day . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ultimately concluded that about 59,200 barrels of liquid oil a day flowed from the well before it was capped , making it the worst oil spill in U.S. history . In a statement issued Tuesday , BP said it was cooperating with Justice Department and other investigations into the spill , which lasted nearly three months . The company had no comment on the allegations against Mix but said it "  had clear policies requiring preservation of evidence in this case and has undertaken substantial and ongoing efforts to preserve evidence . " Mix , of the Houston suburb of Katy , resigned from BP in early 2012 , the affidavit states . He made his first appearance before a federal judge in Houston on Tuesday afternoon on the charges , which were filed in New Orleans . Prosecutors said Mix deleted a string of more than 200 messages from his iPhone about October 4 , 2010 , after he had been told to collect electronic files related to the disaster and prepare to turn them over to a company working for the oil giant 's attorneys . He would face a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 on each count if convicted . The Gulf Restoration Network , a New Orleans-based environmental group , said it was pleased to see criminal charges stemming from the spill . "  It is telling that the Department of Justice 's charges against Kurt Mix surround efforts to cover up the fact that BP 's public estimates of the oil flow rate were far lower than the actual flow rate , " the group said in a statement on the arrest . "  Establishing accurate flow rates is an important step forward in ensuring that BP pays the highest possible price for every drop of oil that they discharged into the Gulf . " An estimated 4.9 million barrels  206 million gallons  of crude oil poured into the Gulf of Mexico after the April , 20 , 2010 explosion that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon and killed 11 men aboard . The disaster damaged the region 's fishing and tourism industries , a temporary federal ban on deepwater drilling left oilworkers idled , and scientists are still studying the long-term effects of the disaster on the Gulf ecosystem . BP announced last week that it had reached a settlement estimated at $ 7.8 billion with thousands of businesses and individuals who filed damage claims in the wake of the spill , and a federal criminal investigation of the disaster is ongoing . In September , a government report on the spill found that BP , rig owner Transocean and well cement contractor Halliburton shared responsibility for the explosion , but BP was "  ultimately responsible " for operations at the site . BP and Halliburton sued each other in April 2011 , each claiming the other was to blame for the deadly explosion and resulting leak . A federal judge in New Orleans ruled this year that Halliburton is not liable for the some of the compensatory damages sought by third parties , leaving BP on the hook for the majority of those claims , while a similar decision came down regarding Transocean .	Former BP engineer is accused of destroying text messages about the spill "  Too much flowrate -- over 15,000 , " one of the messages notes Crude oil poured into the Gulf after a blast on a drill rig in 2010 The oil spewed for nearly three months
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's impact on pop culture is indelible . But perhaps his biggest legacy will be how he changed the music industry . Jackson 's impact on the music business still reverberates today . "  As a performer he changed history ... his singing , his songwriting , his choreography , his dancing , his business acumen , " said Howard Bragman , a public relations expert who worked with Jackson to launch the singer 's shoe line with L.A. Gear . "  He rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time , " Bragman said . Jackson crossed color lines and broke down barriers between musical genres . He followed in the footsteps of Elvis and the Beatles to create a transnational fan base that prefigured the era of globalization . And Jackson became a canny power broker who helped lead artists from stage performers into major boardroom players . "  That gets lost in the last five and 10 years , with all the litigation battles -- what he did the first 30 years to set the landscape for these other artists , " said James Walker , an entertainment attorney . "  Michael transcended race before Michael Jordan , before Oprah , before Tiger Woods , before Barack Obama . "  You ca n't underestimate what his did for black artists -- and artists as a whole -- as a business man , " Walker added . His 1982 album "  Thriller " has sold more than 50 million records worldwide -- a record that , considering the decline of record sales in the wake of new media , is likely to stand for some years to come . "  Records just do n't sell that much anymore . The industry has changed . ... Now it 's in shambles because of technology , " said Gideon Yago , head of the IFC Media Project and a former correspondent for MTV News . Videos that accompanied the album became landmarks that set the industry standard , as MTV and cable television began to proliferate , creating ready outlets for a growing marketing tool . At the time , Jackson 's label had to fight to get onto MTV , which then featured only rock artists . "  Walter Yetnikoff  former president of CBS records  drew a line in the sand and said , ` We believe in this guy and you 're going to play his videos or we 're going to pull all our videos , ' " Walker said . "  What he did was so cutting-edge regarding videos ; he defined the video age as we know it , " said Tommy Mottola , who succeeded Yetnikoff as head of CBS . Though his personal finances were in disarray at the end of his life , Jackson made some canny business decisions at the height of his power -- most notably buying half the Beatles music catalog in 1985 for $ 47.5 million . "  When you look at his royalties and his copyrights , he 's probably got a half a billion to a billion  dollar  catalogue , " Walker added . The current value of his estate is unclear . His debts stood at about $ 500 million , according to a Wall Street Journal story earlier this month . As the music industry model moved more toward live events in the face of dwindling album sales , two billionaire businessmen stepped in to bank on Jackson 's comeback with a series of concerts scheduled in London . Tom Barrack , head of hedge fund Colony Capital , teamed with Philip Anschutz , owner of AEG Live , to plan a third-act comeback for Jackson , with a sold-out 50-date stand at AEG Live 's O2 arena scheduled to begin next month . Future business plans included a world tour , a Broadway musical and even a "  Thriller " casino . "  You are talking about a guy who could make $ 500 million a year if he puts his mind to it , " Barrack told The Los Angeles Times in an article last month . "  There are very few individual artists who are multibillion-dollar businesses . And he is one . " Billboard magazine estimates $ 85 million in ticket sales from the sold-out concert series . Additional packages , merchandise and secondary market sales could have raised the total to $ 115 million . AEG Live declined to comment . "  There will be a process put in place for ticketing  refunds  . I do n't know what it is at the moment , " said Lucy Ellison , spokeswoman for O2 stadium . "  We 'll leave it for his family to say what they want to say before we discuss ticketing information . " Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . CNN 's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report	Jackson transformed the role of artists as power brokers Estate includes ownership of half the Beatles catalogue Bragman : "  He rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time " Report : Debts estimated at $ 500 million at the time of his death
Washington  CNN  -- Turkey will serve as a "  protecting power " for the United States in Libya , senior State Department officials told CNN on Sunday . As a protecting power , Turkey will represent the United States in Libya , including acting as consular officers on behalf of U.S. citizens in Libya and looking after American diplomatic facilities in the country . Turkey can also pass messages between the United States and Libya , as what little communication remains between the two countries is likely to come to a grinding halt now that the U.S. is bombing Libyan targets as part of enforcement of a no-fly zone . Levent Sahin Kaya , Turkish ambassador to Libya , told CNN he will represent America in Libya along with the United Kingdom and Italy . Although the United States has not formally suspended ties with Libya , the U.S. State Department shuttered its embassy earlier this month and withdrew all of its diplomats from the country . The State Department also ordered the Libyan embassy in Washington closed and ordered its diplomats to leave the country . It recognized Ali Aujali -- the former ambassador who resigned from the regime in protest of its violence against citizens and joined the opposition -- as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people . Officials said Libya has not yet identified a protecting power of its interests in the United States . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey will also represent Italian and British interests Turkey will represent U.S. interests in Libya It will look after American diplomatic facilities Turkey can also pass messages between the two nations
London  CNN  -- The bestselling erotic novel "  Fifty Shades of Grey " may have done more than spice up readers ' love lives . Firefighters in London say it could be to blame for a rise in the emergency calls from people stuck in all kinds of awkward situations -- some involving handcuffs . Read more : Explaining ` Fifty Shades ' wild success The wildly-popular trilogy details the S&M - flavored love story of a recent college grad and a billionaire CEO . It 's also credited with boosting sales of sex toys , driving women to hook-up sites and fueling a craze over sexual domination . So , it 's not surprising there would be a downside . In the past three years , London 's fire crews have been called to 79 incidents involving people trapped in handcuffs . "  I do n't know whether it 's the Fifty Shades effect , but the number of incidents involving items like handcuffs seems to have gone up , " said Third Officer Dave Brown . "  I 'm sure most people will be Fifty Shades of red by the time our crews arrive to free them . " Such red-faced moments are among more than 1,300 calls involving people being trapped "  often in everyday household items " since 2010 , the fire service said . Such calls are not just awkward ; they end up costing the taxpayer . London Fire Brigade puts the cost of these 1,300 calls at  # 377,000  $ 580,000 . But it 's not just London where E L James ' erotic fiction has been making an impact . Virginia Representative Jim Moran said the trilogy is a hit in a camp housing high-value detainees within the Guantanamo Bay prison complex . "  Rather than the Quran , the book that is requested most by the  high-value detainees  is Fifty Shades of Grey . They 've read the entire series in English , but we were willing to translate it , " he said in an interview with The Huffington Post . The insight into the prisoners ' reading habits was provided by military officials showing a congressional delegation around Camp Seven , the Democrat said . "  I guess there 's not much going on , these guys are going nowhere , so what the hell , " he is quoted as saying . The trilogy has sold more than 32 million copies in the United States alone since the first installment was published in 2011 . With a film version due for release next year , London 's firefighters may have to respond to many more calls . So , the fire brigade has a word of advice to offer : Use a little common sense . And if you try handcuffs , always keep the keys handy .	"  Fifty Shades " could be behind rise in emergencies involving handcuffs , London firefighters say The city 's firefighters have been called to 79 handcuff incidents in the past three years A U.S. congressman says prisoners in Guantanamo are also fans
CNN  -- Was the killing of Osama bin Laden legal under international law ? The administration says yes , absolutely . Experts are unsure . Attorney General Eric Holder told members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday that the U.S. raid on bin Laden 's compound was lawful "  as an act of national self-defense . " Bin Laden "  was the head of al Qaeda , an organization that had conducted the attacks of September the 11th , " Holder said . "  It 's lawful to target an enemy commander in the field . " The raid "  was conducted in a manner fully consistent with the laws of war , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . Carney declined to offer specifics , but said "  there is simply no question that this operation was lawful . ...  Bin Laden  had continued to plot attacks against the United States . " Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama had all issued orders to kill or capture the al Qaeda leader . "  The authority  during the raid  was to kill bin Laden , " CIA Director Leon Panetta said Tuesday during an interview with PBS . "  Obviously , under the rules of engagement , if he had in fact thrown up his hands , surrendered , and did n't appear to be representing any kind of threat , then they were to capture him . But they had full authority to kill him . " A number of experts have told CNN the question of actual legality may come down to bin Laden 's response at the moment U.S. Navy SEALs burst into his room . "  If a person has his hands in the air , you 're not supposed to kill him , " said Steven Groves , a fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation . Navi Pillay , the United Nations high commissioner for human rights , told reporters she wants a "  full disclosure " of the key facts . U.S. officials have revised their account of the assault on the compound in Pakistan . Bin Laden was not armed during the 40-minute raid , they now say , but he put up resistance to U.S. forces . The al Qaeda leader was moving at the time he was initially shot , according to a U.S. official who has seen military reports of the incident . The official declined to describe the movements more specifically . Asked if bin Laden tried to grab a weapon or physically attack a commando , the official would say only that "  he did n't hold up his hands and surrender . " Officials earlier claimed that bin Laden was an active participant in the firefight that erupted , implying that he was armed and gave the SEALs little choice but to shoot him . Groves , citing the Geneva Conventions and international humanitarian law , told CNN that , based on the most recent White House account , "  there is nothing to indicate anything illegal happened . " Bin Laden , considered a combatant by virtue of his position as head of al Qaeda , needed to immediately make clear a desire to surrender , if that was his decision , in order to avoid being shot . That apparently did n't happen , Groves said . "  The United States offered bin Laden the possibility to surrender , but he refused , " Martin Scheinin , the United Nations ' special rapporteur for human rights , said Tuesday . "  Bin Laden would have avoided destruction if he had raised a white flag . " Geoffrey Robertson , a human rights lawyer who has defended WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange among others , made clear that international law requires any killing to be done in self-defense . If members of the SEAL team "  reasonably  believed there was  a risk to themselves , then the killing was justified , " Robertson asserted . But given the changing White House account of the raid , "  there needs to be an inquiry , " he said . Cherif Bassiouni , head of DePaul University 's International Human Rights Law Institute and a former U.N. war crimes investigator , said that the "  killing of any individual sought by law enforcement in the course of a lawful arrest is always a question of facts . Did the person resist ? Did the person have a deadly weapon ? Were the arresting officers in fear of their lives ? These are all pertinent questions . " Bassiouni stressed that any "  extrajudicial execution of an unarmed person is in violation of international law . " "  It is necessary for the Navy to conduct an internal investigation into the appropriateness of the use of armed force , " Bassiouni told CNN . "  However , it is also important not to make the Navy SEALs be the scapegoats for  any  secret orders which the public is unaware of to simply kill bin Laden no matter what . " Was the incursion of U.S. forces into Pakistani territory without the clear permission of Islamabad legal ? In response to that question , the U.S. intelligence official echoed Holder 's and Carney 's remarks , asserting that "  since 9/11 , the U.S. has had the authority to kill Osama Bin Laden . " "  The operation was the subject of a rigorous legal review and was planned in strict accord with American law , " the official said . "  As a matter of international law , al Qaeda has attacked the United States and continues to pose an imminent threat to the United States . As such , the United States may use force against al Qaeda consistent with its inherent right to national self-defense under international law . " The operation "  was conducted under the CIA 's authorities contained in federal law , unlike most military operations which are under the control and legal authority of the Defense Department , " the official noted . Bin Laden was an indicted international criminal who had evaded all attempts to apprehend him , Robertson said . As a consequence , he asserted , the operation was legal . Groves argued the use of the SEALs in Pakistan does "  present complications , " though he noted that there has been a "  kind of a wink and a nod game  the U.S. government has  been playing with the Pakistanis for years " in terms of predator drone strikes and other attacks against Islamic extremists on Pakistani soil . Bassiouni argued that "  the mission to capture was legal , even though there are some questions under international law about one state sending its forces into another state to kidnap a person wanted for trial . " The issue first arose in the early 1960s , Bassiouni noted , when notorious Nazi Adolf Eichmann was kidnapped by Israeli agents in Argentina and subsequently brought to Israel for trial . Half a century later , that issue remains a matter of sharp dispute . CNN 's Richard Greene and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	The administration says the mission leading to bin Laden 's death was legal Experts indicate the question of legality may come down to bin Laden 's reaction to the raid If bin Laden clearly tried to surrender , his killing may be illegal under international law Experts are divided on the legality of the use of U.S. troops in Pakistan
CNN  -- A Southern California assemblyman resigned Wednesday after a recording of him whispering about sexual exploits to a colleague was made public . Assemblyman Mike Duvall said he was resigning so his actions did n't remain a distraction for colleagues . Former Republican Assemblyman Mike Duvall was at an appropriations committee meeting in July when a microphone picked up his licentious conversation . "  I am deeply saddened that my inappropriate comments have become a major distraction for my colleagues in the Assembly , who are working hard on the very serious problems facing our state , " Duvall said in a statement on his Web site that had been set up for his 2010 run for the Assembly . "  I have come to the conclusion that it would not be fair to my family , my constituents or to my friends on both sides of the aisle to remain in office . " On video and audio footage from the California Channel , a television organization that tracks California governance , Duvall is heard laughing at times as he tells of an extramarital affair with a colleague 's female staffer who is 18 years his junior . He said he likes spanking her . He also mentions another woman , who his colleague said was "  hot . " "  I talked to her yesterday . She goes , so are we finished ? No , we 're not finished . And I go , but you know about the other one the other one does n't know about you , " Duvall said on the audio portion of the tape . CNN affiliate KCAL-TV has reported that both women are lobbyists and that one works for a firm that represents a utilities company . Duvall was a member of the Assembly 's Utilities and Commerce Committee and the Rules Committee , according to Assembly Speaker Karen Bass . San Diego-based Sempra Energy said that it is "  investigating this matter and the recent media reports that named one of our employees . " "  The employee has denied the speculative media reports , " the company said in a statement . "  Our investigation will be conducted to ensure not only that our policies on employee conduct are strictly adhered to , but also that our employee is treated fairly . " Despite his resignation , the former representative of the 72nd assembly district may face further political turmoil for his apparent transgressions . "  In response to inquiries , the resignation does not remove the responsibility of the Assembly Ethics Committee from reviewing the matter , " said Bass in a statement . According to the California State Assembly Web site , Duvall served two terms as an assemblyman , beginning in 2006 . He is a former city councilman of Yorba Linda , California , which is about 40 miles east of Los Angeles . Duvall and his wife have two children , according to the Web site .	Assemblyman Mike Duvall 's phone conversation about his affairs was recorded Duvall is heard laughing as he tells of his dalliances with two female staffers Duvall served two terms as an assemblyman , beginning in 2006
CNN  -- Is Gail Kelly the most powerful woman in Australian business ? She 's got to be up there . This is the chief executive of the country 's second largest bank -- Westpac -- overseeing a whopping US$ 613 billion in assets and over 36,000 employees . It 's quite a portfolio , and all the more impressive considering the 57-year-old mother-of-four started out as a bank teller a little over 30 years ago . Born in South Africa to British parents , Kelly originally taught Latin at high schools , before working at Nedcor Bank in Johannesburg -- becoming head of human resources just five months after giving birth to triplets . The family moved to Sydney and in 2002 Kelly became the first female CEO of a major Australian bank -- the Commonwealth Bank . Today she is the 62nd most powerful woman in the world , according to Forbes , but admits the notoriously male-dominated banking world has been a "  tough area to crack . " Now the boss at Westpac , Kelly made it her mission to have 40 % women in senior management positions by 2014 -- a target she smashed in 2012 . How has she achieved her phenomenal success and what is her vision for the future of Australia 's oldest bank ? CNN 's Leading Women sat down with the financial trailblazer to find out . "  I grew up in a very strong , nuclear family . My father was a sportsman . He represented South Africa in a couple of sports , so he was a very positive person and someone who encouraged you to be your best and give your best with everything that you do . And so I grew up in this environment that was nurturing , supporting , but certainly encouraging . " "  42 % of our management team are women . So we 've reset the goal to 50 % by 2017 . Because that 's when Westpac becomes 200 years old as an institution -- the oldest bank , and indeed the oldest company in Australia . So that 's a lovely point to reflect on . " "  When I got to be a CEO I said : ` Right . I 'm now going to tackle gender inequality head-on . I 'm going to make a difference , and lead by example , and actively put in place policies and practices to support women . ' " "  The banking world is a particularly tough area to crack for women . I was in a forum yesterday where there would have been 60 leaders of banks and insurance companies and I was literally the only woman . " "  My husband being a paediatrician was awesome . With four children -- three of them triplets -- I needed a lot of help and support at home . He did more than his fair share of everything in the home and I could not have done what I 've done without that . " "  Nelson Mandela was an outstanding leader and a mentor for me . I was in South Africa at the time he was released . I was in South Africa when he was inaugurated as the first president . And he - after the 27 years of imprisonment , a lot of it in solitary confinement - truly understood that his vision , his purpose , was to transform South Africa , a reconciled South Africa . " "  My advice would be : dig deep . Gather all your courage in your hands . You 've been offered this opportunity because you are worthy . You do n't have to be 100 % ready for this job . You do n't have to be 80 % ready for this job . You do need support around you and you do need a determination and a preparedness to work hard . But back yourself . " Debate : Is Aussie politics too blokey ? Learn : Five things you did n't know about Janet Yellen	Meet Gail Kelly , CEO of Australia 's second largest bank , Westpac Mother-of-four was a bank teller before becoming boss of country 's oldest company Westpac now has 40 % women in senior management jobs , thanks to Kelly 62nd most powerful woman in the world , according to Forbes
The Supreme Court on Tuesday will confront its biggest case of the term so far , another high-profile challenge to affirmative action in college admissions . The planned hour of oral arguments raises anew thorny , unresolved questions over race and remedies . The justices are being asked to decide the constitutionality of a voter referendum in Michigan banning race - and sex-based discrimination or preferential treatment in public university admission decisions . The high court just 16 weeks ago affirmed the use of race at the University of Texas , but made it harder for institutions to justify such policies to achieve diversity . In that dispute , a white student said the college 's existing affirmative action policy violated her "  equal protection " rights , while civil rights supporters of such programs claim Michigan 's ban also has the same effect . A federal appeals court last year concluded the affirmative action ban , which Michigan voters passed in a 2006 referendum , violated the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection guarantees . It was the latest step in a legal and political battle over whether state colleges can use race and gender as a factor in choosing which students to admit . "  The question before the Supreme Court is whether you can have a constitutional amendment enacted by the people of a state that prevents the legislature from adopting affirmative action , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a prominent Washington attorney . "  Is that a form of discrimination against minorities , or is it actually an implementation of a colorblind Constitution that itself ends discrimination ? " The law was passed seven years ago with support of 58 percent of voters . It was added to the state 's constitution , and bars publicly funded colleges from granting "  preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin . " That prompted a series of lawsuits and appeals from a coalition of civil rights groups and University of Michigan faculty and students , who counter the law actually burdens state residents , denying them the opportunity to persuade state and college officials to apply affirmative action . "  Proposition 2 unconstitutionally gerrymanders Michigan 's political process , " said Sherrilyn Ifill , president of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund , "  and relegates the critical topics of racial diversity and access to educational opportunity to a separate , distant , and far more cumbersome playing field -- one that is unplayable for all practical purposes . " Many of the prestigious institution 's faculty and student body say classroom diversity remains a necessary government role . Michigan voters approved the ban after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2003 that while state universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit , they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted . The current ban "  embodies the fundamental premise of what America is all about : equal opportunity under the law , " said Bill Schuette , Michigan 's attorney general . "  Entrance to our great universities must be based upon merit . " The referendum effort was led by Jennifer Gratz , who was at the center of the decade-old high court case . As a white student , she was put on the waiting list for undergraduate admission to the state 's largest university . She eventually attended another school , and became the lead plaintiff in a subsequent discrimination lawsuit . After the Supreme Court 's 2003 decision , she began a public campaign to end racial preferences in admissions . "  This will be an important day in the fight for true equality , " said Gratz , who is now CEO of the XIV Foundation , which advocates for "  equal treatment . " "  How the court rules in this case will have national importance , determining whether or not citizens have the right to choose equality over discrimination . " The Michigan ban also prohibits the state from considering race and gender in public hiring and public contracting decisions . But the current high court case deals only with the college admissions portion . Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial . The Brown v. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools , but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states that initially refused to integrate . In the 1978 Bakke case , the justices ruled universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity , and that allows for the use of affirmative action . That issue involved a discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to law school . The referendum issue has been around at least since 1996 , when California voters endorsed Proposition 209 , which bans use of race , sex , or ethnic background by state agencies in areas of education , and government hiring and contracts . The U.S. Supreme Court in 1997 refused to consider lawsuits challenging the law , also known as the California Civil Rights Initiative . But the high court under Chief Justice John Roberts has made the issue a key part of its docket in recent years , and it could serve as a major legacy of the current conservative majority . A ruling in the Michigan appeal however may be limited in scope . "  The Michigan case is n't an opportunity for the conservatives on the court , for example , to say that affirmative action 's unconstitutional , " said Goldstein . "  But the justices can send signals to state legislatures , and to the public more generally , that either affirmation action is something they think should be encouraged , or something for which they 're very suspicious . " Two years into Roberts ' tenure , the conservative majority in 2007 struck down public school choice plans in Seattle and Louisville , concluding race could not be a factor in the assignment of children to schools . Those school districts had sought to use raced-based criteria to achieve diversity . The debate in recent years is whether and when affirmative action programs -- while constitutionally permissible now -- would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met . Now-retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor -- who wrote the key ruling a decade ago in the initial Michigan cases -- said , "  The court expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary to further the interest approved today . " The justices are now being asked once again to decide whether Michigan 's current policy in this case meets that legal and social test . Justice Elena Kagan will not hear this petition , leaving the possibility of a 4-4 high court tie and no important precedent being established . The case is Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action , Integration , and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality by Any Means Necessary  12-682  . A written ruling could come as late as June .	Court will hear oral arguments on Tuesday in Michigan case Challenge again raises thorny , unresolved questions over race Michigan referendum banned race and sex discrimination in admission decisions
CNN  -- The family of Marlise Munoz has long said the pregnant Texas woman was brain dead , but now it has the medical records to confirm it , lawyers said Friday . "  We have recently received Marlise Munoz 's medical records , and can now confirm that Mrs. Munoz is clinically brain dead , and therefore deceased under Texas law , " attorneys Jessica Janicek and Heather King said in an e-mail . Meanwhile , the judge in the case has recused herself from "  all remaining proceedings " and asked that another judge be assigned , according to the order for recusal . No reason for the recusal is cited , and Melody McDonald , a spokeswoman for the Tarrant County District Attorney 's Office , said the office learned late Wednesday afternoon that the judge had stepped down . The case was transferred to the 96th District Court in the county , according to a court order signed Friday . "  I do not have any other details , and we will have no further comment at this time , " she said . Munoz 's husband , Erick , asked a court Tuesday to force a hospital to take her off a respirator , ventilator and other machines , saying her wishes should n't be disregarded just because she is pregnant . Erick Munoz filed an emergency motion as well as a complaint against John Peter Smith Hospital , both with the same goal : to have the hospital disconnect the machines so that her family can take her body and give her a proper burial . "  Marlise Munoz is legally dead , and to further conduct surgical procedures on a deceased body is nothing short of outrageous , " her husband says in the motion . Erick Munoz -- like his wife , a paramedic by training -- said previously that doctors told him his wife "  had lost all activity in her brain stem , " and an accompanying chart stated that she was "  brain dead , " according to his lawsuit . The hospital referred requests for comment to the Tarrant County District Attorney 's Office , which said it will defend the medical facility against the lawsuit . It is legal counsel for John Peter Smith Hospital "  in a number of civil areas . " In a brief court document filed Friday , the civil defendant said simply , "  Tarrant County Hospital District d/b/a JPS Health Network generally denies , each and every , all and singular , the allegations contained in Plaintiff 's Original Petition and demands strict proof of the same . " At this time , no hearing has been scheduled in the case . Hospital spokesman J.R. Labbe said last month that doctors were simply trying to obey a Texas law that says "  you can not withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . " Munoz 's husband responded by saying that "  Marlise can not possibly be a pregnant patient -- Marlise is dead . " Furthermore , he argued that her wishes -- relayed , he said , in conversations but not in writing that she not be on "  life-sustaining " measures when she is brain dead -- should n't be treated differently from a man or other woman simply because of her pregnancy . Mother of pregnant woman on life support : Change the law Last month , Erick Munoz discussed with CNN affiliate WFAA his wife 's wishes and how their shared occupation had helped shape her views . "  We 'd seen things out in the field . We both knew that we did n't want to be on life support , " he said . "  We reached a point where you wish your wife 's body would just stop . " Lynne Machado , Marlise Munoz 's mother , said Tuesday the family is not talking about the case but said she and her husband , Ernest , agree with Erick Munoz that their daughter would want to be removed from the machines . ` Against the expressed will ' of family As the lawsuit details , the story began at 2 a.m. on November 26 , when Erick found his wife unconscious on the kitchen floor . At the time , she was 14 weeks ' pregnant with the couple 's second child . Soon after that , she was taken to John Peter Smith Hospital , where Erick Munoz says he was told that his wife "  was for all purposes brain dead . " The family also says the fetus may have been deprived of oxygen . In the lawsuit , he says subsequent measures taken at the hospital -- and , in turn , the state law used to justify them -- amount "  to nothing more than the cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body against the expressed will of the deceased and her family . " "  Marlise Munoz 's death is a horrible and tragic circumstance , but by no means should  the hospital  be entitled to continue cutting into her deceased body in front of her husband and family under the guise of ` life-sustaining ' treatment , " the lawsuit says . Dr. Jeffrey Ecker , director of obstetrical clinical research and quality assurance at Massachusetts General Hospital , works on complicated pregnancies and prenatal diagnosis . He says nothing scientifically in Marlise Munoz 's pregnancy is black and white . "  A lot depends , first of all , on how long the patient here was deprived of oxygen , or otherwise compromised . We can certainly use tools like ultrasound and MRI to sometimes see where there has been injury as a result of low blood pressure or low oxygen . But just seeing that things look well is n't the same as saying that things will be well , " he told CNN . "  Those things ca n't perfectly predict health and outcome . And there are certainly occasions where as we look as best as we can tell , a fetus seems to be developing appropriately and meeting all its milestones , and yet after birth , after delivery , there is evidence of profound compromise , " Ecker said . Tom Mayo , a Southern Methodist University law professor who helped write the applicable Texas law , said he believes the hospital is misinterpreting it . "  She 's not a patient anymore , " he said . "  And so I do n't see how we can use a provision of the law that talks about treating or not treating a patient in a case where we really do n't have a patient . " The Texas law states that a "  person may not withdraw or withhold life-sustaining treatment under this subchapter from a pregnant patient . " Mayo said , "  The provision they seem to be relying on is called the pregnancy exclusion . More than 30 states have this pregnancy exclusion in their law . ... If they 're relying on that provision , I think Texas law in that respect does not compel the provision of life-sustaining treatment . " When ` life support ' is really ` death support ' CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Elizabeth Landau and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospital "  denies each and every " allegation by woman 's family Family has said Marlise Munoz is brain dead , and medical records now prove it , lawyers say Munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken , and hospital has said it must follow state law Family : Munoz has no life to sustain , and hospital 's treatment is "  cruel and obscene mutilation "
CNN  -- The first weekend of this year 's Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival was blessed by gorgeous sunny weather -- until a sandstorm swept through the desert Sunday night . The swirling dust clouds prompted Red Hot Chili Peppers frontman Anthony Kiedis to quip , "  I feel like Lawrence of Arabia . ... I 'm going to go home and throw up a sandbox for my small child . " One of his band mates -- it was hard to see which through the haze -- added , "  I feel like Woody Guthrie during the Dust Bowl . " The Chili Peppers , who were headlining Coachella for the third time , soldiered through cuts from their current album , "  I 'm With You , " mixed with hits like "  Under the Bridge , " "  Dani California " and "  Give it Away . " An enthusiastic crowd sang along , their voices slightly muffled by the scarves and pieces of clothing they 'd pulled over their noses and mouths . A few resourceful concertgoers even managed to get their hands on surgical masks . Ironically , the weather conditions seemed to benefit electronic artist Derek Vincent Smith , who goes by the moniker Pretty Lights . Performing in the adjacent Outdoor Theatre , his show featured a dazzling display of lasers and lights , whose brilliant hues were enhanced by the dusty backdrop . The most coveted souvenirs from Sunday night were Wu-Tang beachballs . The legendary rap icons kicked it old-school , tossing out oversized black-and-yellow inflatables stamped with the group 's trademark "  W. " In the crowd , three blonde girls tussled over one beachball , while a man nearby hugged his tightly against a chainlink fence , trying to deflate it before a shirtless guy in an Indian headdress could snatch it from him . It was a scene straight out of WWE with a soundtrack provided by one of the greatest rap groups of all time . The dust has n't even settled on this year 's Coachella -- or in this case , been swept away -- but festival goers were already speculating who might appear on the 2014 bill . Disappointment ran high when this year 's line-up failed to include the Rolling Stones , especially after a Coachella date briefly appeared on the Stones ' website in December then mysteriously disappeared . There was speculation that the Chili Peppers were a last-minute fill-in -- a point the band not-so-subtly referenced during its Sunday night set , when it played a snippet of the Stone 's "  Beast of Burden . " One act you probably wo n't be seeing at Coachella anytime soon -- the Smiths . Even though the band 's guitarist , Johnny Marr , played three Smiths songs during his solo set on Friday , he tells CNN it is n't true that festival organizers are constantly throwing big bucks at him and Morrissey to reunite on stage . "  No , " he says with a hint of steel in his soft speaking voice . "  It 's just kind of my nature to move forward . "	A sandstorm whipped through the last day of Coachella Red Hot Chili Peppers closed out the festival , playing their hits and "  Beast of Burden " by the Rolling Stones The Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr says there 's no reunion with Morrissey in the works
