CNN  -- A big part of being president is making decisions , and one of the key decisions a would-be president can make is who he or she marries . Cindy McCain has a master 's degree in special education . She is part owner of her father 's business . It 's not like deciding whether to press the nuclear button , but first ladies in the United States can wield enormous influence in politics and in society . They 're not elected . They 're not paid . There 's no precise job description . But whether it 's an elegantly dressed Jacqueline Kennedy giving Americans a tour of the White House , Eleanor Roosevelt speaking on civil rights or Hillary Clinton saying "  I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies , " first ladies are praised , criticized , adored and scorned -- but never ignored . The two women poised for the job , 54-year-old Cindy McCain , wife of Republican Sen. John McCain , and 44-year-old Michelle Obama , wife of Democratic Sen. Barack Obama , come from strikingly different backgrounds . Watch the different styles of potential first ladies " McCain is the only child of a wealthy Arizona businessman , James Hensley , founder of Hensley & Co. , a major distributor of Budweiser beer . Her stake in the business is estimated to be at least $ 100 million . She refused to release her full tax returns , saying "  I am not the candidate , " but later provided summary pages of her 2006 taxes without details . Cindy McCain has a master 's degree in special education . She met John McCain in 1979 when he was the U.S. Navy 's liaison to the Senate . He was 18 years older than she . He divorced his wife and married Cindy in 1980 . The McCains have four children , including a daughter adopted from an orphanage in Bangladesh . A tall , striking blonde with blue eyes , Cindy McCain has had health issues including a near-fatal stroke in 2004 and a battle with prescription drugs that she says is behind her . In an interview with CNN , McCain said her priority in life is charity . "  I 've been internationally involved in many , many things , " she said . "  Land mine removal , children 's health care , poverty around the world -- and I will continue that . " On the campaign trail , always dressed impeccably , she stays "  on message " but did take a swipe at Michelle Obama after her statement , "  For the first time in my adult lifetime , I 'm really proud of my country . " "  I do n't know about you , " McCain said in February , " ... I 'm very proud of my country . " Michelle Obama has a blunt style and a wry , quirky sense of humor that goes over well with supporters . She does n't mince words . In an interview with CNN , she said , "  I think race is always -- still , in this country , it 's always on the table . " Michelle Obama was raised in a working-class family in Chicago , Illinois , but educated at some of America 's elite universities : Princeton and Harvard Law School . She was hired by a top-flight law firm in Chicago and met Barack Obama when she was assigned to mentor him . They married in 1992 and have two young daughters . Michelle Obama cuts an impressive figure -- tall , slim and dressed in Jackie-Kennedy-like sheath dresses . If her husband is elected , she will make history as the first African-American first lady . She has given insights into her husband 's domestic behavior : He does n't pick up his socks . Cindy McCain praises her husband as a fighter who wo n't give up . Will we learn more of substance ? Their husbands offer starkly different views of what they would do in office and Americans often look to their first ladies as a window into the thinking of the president . We 're all ears .	First ladies can wield enormous influence Michelle Obama , Cindy McCain have sharply different backgrounds But both are well-educated and successful in their own careers
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- A bat that apparently had trouble flying instead tried to hitch a ride on the space shuttle Discovery , NASA officials said . The free tail bat was last seen clinging to the space shuttle Discovery 's external fuel tank just before launch . The animal was last seen clinging on the foam of the external tank of the space shuttle moments before the Discovery launched , officials said . NASA officials had hoped the bat would fly away on its own , but admitted the bat probably died quickly during Discovery 's climb into orbit . Discovery 's seven-member crew , which lifted off from Kennedy Space Center on Sunday , is on a 14-day mission to deliver supplies needed to expand the International Space Station . NASA officials noticed the bat before shuttle 's liftoff and brought in a wildlife expert to look at video images of it . The expert said it appeared to be a free-tailed bat that probably had a broken left wing and an injured right shoulder or wrist . The launch pads at the space center are near the Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge , so NASA has sirens to scare away animals that get near the shuttles . The bat is n't the first to try hitching a ride into space . NASA officials said they noticed one of the creatures on a tank of a shuttle in 1998 . That bat flew away as the shuttle 's massive engines ignited . The crew of the Discovery safely docked at the International Space Station on Tuesday . It was unclear whether its stowaway was still clinging to the shuttle .	NASA : Bat was last seen clinging on space shuttle Discovery before launch Wildlife expert says bat appeared to have broken wing or injured shoulder Discovery is on 14-day mission to deliver supplies to International Space Station
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal drug officials say they 've arrested 124 people and busted 56 labs in the largest illegal steroid investigation in U.S. history . The Drug Enforcement Administration says it busted 56 steroid labs in 27 states . The 18-month investigation , dubbed "  Operation Raw Deal , " targeted traffickers who allegedly imported raw materials from China and used them to make anabolic steroids , human growth hormone and insulin growth factor , the Drug Enforcement Administration said . "  Today we reveal the truth behind the underground steroid market : dangerous drugs cooked up all too often in filthy conditions with no regard to safety , giving Americans who purchase them the ultimate raw deal , " DEA Administrator Karen Tandy said in a statement . Authorities made arrests in 27 states , including busts in Los Angeles , California ; New York City ; San Diego , California ; Providence , Rhode Island ; and Kansas City , Missouri . They seized more than 530 pounds of raw materials and 11.4 million steroid dosage units in the United States , officials said , enough to supply hundreds of users . Most of the arrests were made between Thursday and Sunday , the DEA said . Chinese authorities cooperated with the investigation , which targeted 37 companies in China , the DEA said . So far , one Chinese lab has been shut down , officials said . The Chinese "  have done everything " they were asked to do , said DEA spokesman Rusty Payne . Watch DEA officials say bust is only the beginning " The operation , according to the DEA , also cracked down on underground trafficking of counterfeit medications as well as Web sites that were distributing materials that helped in converting raw steroid ingredients into the finished product . "  DEA successfully attacked the illegal steroid industry at every level of its distribution network-from the manufacturers in China who supply the raw materials , to the traffickers in the United States who market the deadly doses , " the DEA statement said . Besides China , other countries which cooperated in the operation included Mexico , Canada , Belgium , Australia , Germany , Denmark , Sweden and Thailand , officials said . E-mail to a friend	Authorities arrest 124 people , shut down 56 labs Investigators seize raw materials imported from China China cooperates with probe , shuts down one lab
CNN  -- For years tech pundits have been searching for an "  iPhone " killer -- a mythical new device that would dethrone Apple 's mighty handset as the most admired or popular smartphone . It may be already here . For the first time , Samsung 's Galaxy S III overtook Apple 's iPhone 4S to become the world 's best-selling smartphone model for the third quarter  July through September  of 2012 , according to new research by Strategy Analytics . The Galaxy S III shipped 18 million units worldwide , compared with 16.2 million for the iPhone 4S . That 's 11 % of all smartphones shipped on the planet . Yes , this is the phone in those mocking TV ads that show annoying fanboys and fangirls in a thinly disguised Apple store line , obsessing over their impending purchase while a happy Galaxy S III owner saves a place in line ... for his parents . Released in May , the Android-based Galaxy S III boasts a bigger touchscreen and longer battery life than the iPhone 4S , along with more megapixels in its camera and the ability to run on 4G cellular networks . Some tech sites have rated it the best smartphone on the market . But the Galaxy S III reign atop the sales rankings will likely be short-lived . As Strategy Analytics pointed out , iPhone 4S sales waned in the third quarter as consumers waited for the iPhone 5 , which went on sale September 21 . Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5s that first weekend and is expected to sell many millions more during this holiday shopping season .	Samsung 's Galaxy S III was the world 's best-selling smartphone in the third quarter For the first time ever , it surpassed sales of the iPhone 4S But Apple will likely reclaim the sales crown next quarter with the new iPhone 5
CNN  -- The mother of a college student who died of alcohol poisoning at Cornell University is suing Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity for $ 25 million in a lawsuit that alleges fraternity pledges bound her son 's wrists and ankles and forced him to drink alcohol in a hazing ritual on the night of his death . George Desdunes , 19 , was a sophomore member of the fraternity when he died in February . The wrongful death lawsuit , which was filed by Marie Lourdes Andre in Brooklyn Supreme Court on Monday , alleges he was kidnapped by a group of Sigma Alpha Epsilon pledges and forced to drink alcohol and other substances while being quizzed about the fraternity . "  The kidnapping and ensuing events were part of a long-standing fraternity ritual that was authorized and encouraged by SAE chapter officers and members , " reads the complaint . He was then left on a couch in the fraternity house where he lived , where he was found by a housekeeper the next morning . Desdunes , an aspiring doctor , had a blood alcohol content of 0.409 % -- more than five times the legal limit -- when he was found , according to the lawsuit . "  It 's every parent 's nightmare , " said William Friedlander , Andre 's lawyer , who added that the lawsuit is "  not about the money , " but to bring attention to the issue of hazing . "  Our object is to get the secret rituals out in the open , " Friedlander said . "  It 's a way to hold  fraternities  accountable for their policies . " The lawsuit cites at least three other alcohol-related deaths of Sigma Alpha Epsilon members or pledges , including , most recently , the 2009 death of University of Kansas pledge Jason Wren . The parents of California Polytechnic State University student Carson Starkey , who died of alcohol poisoning as a Sigma Alpha Epsilon pledge in 2008 , settled a similar lawsuit against the fraternity , said their lawyer , Douglas Fierberg . "  The circumstances leading to Carson 's death are substantially similar to the circumstances leading to George 's death , " Fierberg said . In a statement addressing Andre 's lawsuit , officials at Sigma Alpha Epsilon 's national headquarters said that the Cornell chapter of the fraternity was suspended after Desdunes ' death . "  Sigma Alpha Epsilon maintains stringent policies and guidelines for its chapters as part of its risk-management program and reaffirms its zero-tolerance policy for actions that do not comply with our regulations , " the statement reads . "  Members are expected to adhere to our fraternity policies and to uphold behavior consistent with our creed , ` The True Gentleman . ' " Cornell University , located in Ithaca , New York , withdrew recognition of the fraternity for at least five years . "  George Desdunes ' death was a tragedy for our campus community , " said Tommy Bruce , Cornell 's vice president of communications , in a statement . "  We want to be clear that Cornell University neither condones nor tolerates hazing or the type of activities that we understand contributed to George 's death . " "  The matter is now in litigation , and we will be following it closely as it progresses through the courts , " Bruce said .	Sophomore member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon died with blood alcohol content of 0.409 % Suit filed by his mother says fraternity pledges tied him up , forced him to drink Fraternity 's national office says Cornell chapter suspended after the death Lawsuit cites three other alcohol-related deaths of SAE members or pledges
CNN  There was nothing to separate Guinea and Mali after the group stage at the African Cup of Nations so lots had to be drawn to decide which team would progress to the quarterfinals . On this occasion , luck favored Guinea , one of the nations in west Africa ravaged by the Ebola virus . It was a rare -- the last time lots were drawn at the continental tournament was in 1988 -- and unfair way to settle second place in Group D according to both managers but ultimately it 's Guinea boss Michel Dussuyer and his team that will face Ghana on Sunday in Malabo , Equatorial Guinea . Two balls , numbered ' 2 ' for second place and ' 3 ' for third place , were placed in a bowl and the rest was left to chance Thursday . "  Amara Dabo , from the Finance Division of the Guinea Ministry of Sports picked the ball numbered ' 2 ' and Boubacar Diarra , president of the Mali Football Federation was the loser after picking out ball number ' 3 , ' " Africa 's governing body said on its website . The outcome left Diarra in tears and former Mali international Frederic Kanoute tweeted his displeasure about the method used to separate the sides . Guinea last beat Ghana in 1977 , a year after registering its best showing at the African Cup of Nations by making the final . In the three other quarterfinals : Ivory Coast faces Algeria , Tunisia plays host Equatorial Guinea and Congo meets DR Congo .	Guinea benefits from the luck of the ` draw ' at AFCON Guinea , not Mali , makes the last eight after lots drawn They could n't be separated on head to head , goals scored and goal difference Guinea faces Ghana on Sunday
The Frisky  -- Over the weekend , while dining with George Clooney in Italy , Elisabetta Canalis waved her hand in the air , showing off a bauble on her ring finger . Fellow diners , and naturally the paparazzi , thought the item on her finger was an engagement ring . Which made everyone assume that George had popped the question . But George 's rep says that is not the case-and that it was a napkin ring Elisabetta had put on her finger as a joke . Hilarious ? So was this a joke or is Clooney 's camp trying to cover for him ? It 's hard to say , but several other celebrities have claimed engagement rumors were sparked by misunderstandings . And let 's just say that a few of them walked down the aisle in secret shortly thereafter . The Frisky : Oops ! 11 celebs with super-short marriages A "  swell " proposal Back in March , Miranda Kerr was spotted with some bling on her ring finger . But she swore she and Orlando were n't engaged . "  No , we 're not engaged . You ca n't always believe everything you read , " she said to the press . "  We were in Cannes at the film festival and it was so hot that my fingers were swelling . I was wearing it on that finger because that 's the only one it would fit on . It was totally an innocent thing . " They got hitched in secret four months later . Just saying . The Frisky : 5 celeb siblings with really weird careers A token from Tyra 's past Last summer , rumors spread that Tyra Banks was wearing a diamond on her ring finger , and that she was engaged to her long-time beau , John Utendahl . But her spokesperson said that was n't the case . "  Tyra is not engaged-it 's her high school ring and she wears it almost every day . " The two have yet to tie the knot , so maybe the ring really does say "  Class of 1993 . " The Frisky : Angelina Jolie and 9 other stars who played Marilyn Monroe "  Vaughniston " denied , denied , denied In 2006 , everyone was yapping that Vince Vaughn had proposed to Jennifer Aniston on a tropical vacation . Jen herself squashed the rumors . "  I 'm not engaged and I do n't have a ring and I have n't been proposed to . Normally we do n't even acknowledge these things because they 're endless , at this point . The thing that got me was that I was getting phone calls from Greece ! My Aunt Mary in Greece is getting accused of lying ! ... Okay , so you 're on a romantic location . You 've got the beach , you 've got the sunset , but no , no , you 're going to wait for an airplane ride ? " She has a point . This one obviously never panned out . ScarJo spotted scouting dresses In February 2008 , Scarlett Johansson was spotted stopping by Monique Lhuiller 's bridal shop in L.A. with her sister and mom . Which naturally sparked rumors that she was planning a wedding with Ryan Reynolds . Her rep was quick to deny the story , saying , "  A family member is getting married , not -LSB- Scarlett -RSB- . She is not engaged . " Less than a year later , she and Ryan married in a secret ceremony in Canada . Katy Perry and 7 other celebs who have crashed prom A rocker 's promise Last month , Bret Michaels ' on-again , off-again girlfriend was spotted wearing a ring . Bret went out of his way to explain that they are n't rushing to the altar . "  No . We are not engaged yet . It 's a work in progress , " he said . "  What happened is she has a beautiful promise ring . A promise ring , a friendship ring with benefits . So , it 's - that 's what we call it . " I believe him just because I can hear the fear of commitment in his voice . Model 's ring is from a "  friend " Bar Rafaeli was caught wearing an engagement ring a few months back . She said , "  No , there was n't -LSB- a proposal -RSB- . Let me explain : these rings , which are beautiful and made by a friend of mine , wo n't fit any other finger except this one . " Or , uh , you could always wear the rings on your right hand ? I bet we hear about her and Leonardo DiCaprio 's wedding soon enough . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Clooney 's rep says Canalis put a napkin ring on her finger as a joke Johansson denied being engaged after she was spotted at a bridal shop in L.A. Rafaeli was caught wearing an engagement ring a few months back
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A day before embarking on a trip to Latin America , President Obama described his planned talks with Latin American leaders as discussions among equals . President Obama refuses to criticize Latin American leaders . "  Times have changed , " Obama told CNN en Español Wednesday . Referring to his planned meeting later this week with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , he said , "  My relationship with President Lula is one of two leaders who both have big countries , that we are trying to solve problems and create opportunities for our people and we should be partners . "  There 's no senior partner or junior partner . " Obama and Lula da Silva are among leaders scheduled to attend the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago . Obama refused to criticize the leaders of Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador , who have taken measures to change their constitutions to extend their holds on power . "  I think it 's important for the United States not to tell other countries how to structure their democratic practices and what should be contained in their constitutions , " he said . "  It 's up to the people of those countries to make a decision about how they want to structure their affairs . " Asked how he plans to interact with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a fierce critic of the United States who once described former President George Bush as the devil , Obama offered no criticism . "  Look , he 's the leader of his country and he 'll be one of many people that I will have an opportunity to meet . " Though he said he believes the United States has a leadership role to play in the region , Obama qualified that role , saying , "  We also recognize that other countries have important contributions and insights . We want to listen and learn as well as talk , and that approach , I think , of mutual respect and finding common interests , is one that ultimately will serve everybody . " Asked about Cuba , Obama , who recently eased restrictions on travel and sending money to the island , offered a prod and a carrot to Havana . "  What we 're looking for is some signal that there are going to be changes in how Cuba operates that assures that political prisoners are released , that people can speak their minds freely , that they can travel , that they can write and attend church and do the things that people throughout the hemisphere can do and take for granted , " he said . "  And if there is some sense of movement on those fronts in Cuba , then I think we can see a further thawing of relations and further changes . " Obama sought to distance his administration from that of his predecessor , noting that he plans to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where "  some of the practices of enhanced interrogation techniques , I think ran counter to American values and American traditions . " He said his team has spoken with the Spanish government about a Spanish judge 's call for an investigation into the role of Bush administration officials in the detention of five Spaniards at Guantanamo . But he did not dwell on his predecessor 's legacy . "  I 'm a strong believer that it is important to look forward and not backward and to remind ourselves that we do have very real security threats out there . " Though the U.S. image abroad may have suffered in recent years , "  there 's a reason why there are consistently so many immigrants to our country from Latin America , " he said . Obama lauded Mexican President Felipe Calderon , with whom he is to meet Thursday in Mexico City , as having done "  an outstanding and heroic job in dealing with what is a big problem right now along the borders with the drug cartels . " He vowed that the United States can be counted on to help . "  We are going to be dealing not only with drug interdiction coming north , but also working on helping to curb the flow of cash and guns going south , " Obama said . Obama described himself as "  a strong proponent of comprehensive immigration reform , " and said he has met with the congressional Hispanic Caucus "  to try to shape an agenda that can move through Congress . "	Obama heading to Summit of Americas this week in Trinidad and Tobago He says U.S. should not tell "  countries how to structure their democratic practices " "  We want to listen and learn as well as talk , " Obama says
CNN  -- The White House is running out of time , and ideas , for turning the economy around before the fall elections . Almost three years into recovery , the U.S. economy added only 80,000 jobs in June , marking its third consecutive month of poor job growth . The Wall Street Journal noted that the United States gained just 225,000 jobs in the past three months combined , making it the weakest quarter of job growth since the labor market began to recover in 2010 . The unemployment rate , still 8.2 % , has been stuck above 8 % for 41 straight months , the longest streak since the Great Depression . A government report found that 85,000 Americans left the workforce in June to enroll in the Social Security Disability Insurance program . That means that more workers joined the federal government 's disability program in June than got new jobs . How did the White House respond to the anemic report ? "  There are no quick fixes to the problems we face that were more than a decade in the making , " Alan Krueger , chairman of the President 's Council of Economic Advisers , said in a written statement . In other words , any chances for economic recovery before the fall elections look slim . More importantly , there is a profound lack of urgency from the White House for any large scale , serious reforms . In fact , Krueger went on to claim the economy really is n't as bad as we think . "  The economy has now added private sector jobs for 28 straight months , for a total of 4.4 million payroll jobs during that period , " he said . The obvious problem here is that Obama has been president for more than 40 months . The White House conveniently blames Republicans for decades of lost jobs , but forgets to mention the United States lost 4.3 million jobs in President Obama 's first 13 months in office . Krueger concluded , " -LSB- I -RSB- t is important not to read too much into any one monthly report and it is informative to consider each report in the context of other data that are becoming available . " This is n't the first time the White House has used this excuse . In fact , the Romney campaign was quick to put together a list of the 30 times the White House has used this same excuse , dating back to November 2009 . Is the White House perhaps telling us something more significant : that we should n't read too much into the entire term of Barack Obama 's presidency ? In Ohio on Friday , Obama excused the jobs report by again claiming he inherited the worst economy since the Great Depression . He added that the jobs report is "  a step in the right direction " and that "  it 's still tough out there . " The president appears intellectually and ideologically spent , and it 's not just Republicans saying that . Robert Reich , former Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration , wrote recently , " -LSB- T -RSB- he excuse is wearing thin . It 's his economy now , and most voters do n't care what he inherited . " He added , " -LSB- H -RSB- e has to show he understands the depth and breadth of this crisis . " It 's not so clear the president does . On Monday , he again called to repeal the Bush tax cuts on the highest earners , a contentious partisan issue that the public knows will not be solved before the elections . In his weekly address he continued to push for more construction projects and increased financial aid for college students . Even to Keynesian economists on the left these are hardly bold policies a party can rally behind . The economy is shaping up to be the most important factor of the 2012 elections , yet the president seems content to rest his re-election chances on worn-out , recycled policy proposals and ad hominem attacks on Mitt Romney . It 's hard to see how this is a winning strategy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : U.S. economy continues to experience poor job growth He says President Obama is n't proposing any bold ideas Obama tends to place blame for economic woes on Bush administration , Bennett says Bennett : Obama 's campaign is focusing on worn-out proposals , attacks on Romney
CNN  -- Sitting in a meeting at NASA 's Science Advisory Committee on Monday afternoon , I heard the news that Sally Ride had died . She was important to everyone in that room -- mostly space scientists and NASA officials . But for a handful of women like me , she was an irreplaceable leader . Sally Ride , first American woman in space , dies Sally Ride was n't the first woman to go into space , or to want to do so , much less the first woman qualified to do so . She would have been the first to tell you that . But as the first U.S. woman in space , on STS-7 , the seventh flight of America 's new space shuttle , she was the first woman astronaut most Americans knew about . And she used that fame for good . The first woman in space was Valentina Tereshkova , a Soviet cosmonaut whose pioneering flight took place only two years after her colleague Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space . At NASA , in contrast , there was a 20-year gap between human  male  space flight and Ride 's historic flight . iReport : Sally 's first launch confirmed ` women could achieve their dreams ' Her giant step for womankind happened two decades later than it should have . That 's why it was so important , especially for those of us women trying to succeed in male-dominated arenas . As STS-7 blasted off in 1983 , I was finishing up my doctorate in physics -- astrophysics , to be more precise -- just as Ride had done a few years earlier . Most of my classmates were men , and I often felt out of place . Whether she shared that sense of being an outsider or not does n't matter -- the important thing was that , thanks to her notoriety as a NASA astronaut , I found out about one more precious role model , someone in whose steps I could hope to follow .  OK , not the astronaut part -- I am far too chicken for that .  Ride made success seem attainable , even in the men-only world of physics . Born in 1951 , Ride , like all women her age , grew up in a United States led by men , where it was major news if a woman became a pilot , ran for political office or headed a Fortune 500 company . She was part of a wave of accomplished women who broke through the barriers . Ride was one of the first six women accepted by NASA for astronaut training in a class of 35 selected in 1978 . They were all pioneers , but after the STS-7 crew was announced , Ride 's name became a household word . Share your tributes to Sally Ride The press attention at the time was relentless , but she weathered it with evident calm . For a student like me , it was empowering to see such a talented , poised , accomplished woman take on this challenge -- one of the "  first woman this-or-that " breakthroughs I had dreamed about as a child . One of Ride 's astronaut classmates , Kathryn Sullivan , became the first American woman to walk in space . In 1984 , Sullivan and Ride were crew mates on the STS-41-G flight , Ride 's second time in space . Both flights were on the Challenger . Ride was training for her third shuttle flight when the Challenger exploded , on January 28 , 1986 . That led to a three-year moratorium on NASA human space flight . Ride served on the NASA board investigating the Challenger disaster , then left NASA in 1987 . For her , the bloom must have been off the space shuttle rose . Sally Ride opens a new frontier for others Ride could easily have rested on her laurels . Instead , she took on the great challenge of science literacy , especially for girls . She had gotten her doctorate in physics at a time when few women did so . She knew firsthand the joy of doing science and the satisfaction of helping advance knowledge . That must be one of the reasons she worked toward a world in which other women were encouraged to do science , not pushed away . iReport : Sally Ride inspired me to dream In 2001 she started a company , Sally Ride Science , that runs science camps and daylong festivals for middle school girls as well as trains science teachers . Sally Ride Science is a partner in the GRAIL MoonKAM , a camera on NASA 's Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory satellite now orbiting the moon , the first NASA flight project dedicated fully to education and public outreach . Her company is also involved with EarthKAM on the International Space Station . The "  KAM " in both names stands for Knowledge Acquired by Middle School Students -- that was Ride 's grail . Light Years : Tributes pour in for Sally Ride In the early 1960s , as NASA was selecting the Mercury 7 to be America 's first astronauts , several dozen U.S. women underwent similar evaluation , in secret . A group of women later known as the Mercury 13 , including some of the finest aviators of the day , passed the same grueling physical and psychological tests as the Mercury 7 . According to Martha Ackmann , author of "  The Mercury 13 : The Untold Story of 13 American Women and the Dream of Space Flight , " some of the women scored better on the tests than their male counterparts of the Mercury 7 . But none was ever accepted by NASA for training . Unlike Ride , the names of the women pilots and would-be astronauts are not widely known today : Jerrie Cobb , Bernice Steadman , Janey Hart , Jerri Truhill , Rhea Woltman , Sarah Ratley , Jan and Marion Dietrich , Myrtle Cagle , Irene Leverton , Gene Nora Jessen , Jean Hixson and Wally Funk . Some 40 years later , happily , they have been celebrated as pioneers and recognized with awards such as the Adler Planetarium 's Women in Space Science award in 2005 . I suspect these women appreciate the recognition but would rather have done what Ride did . They would rather have flown in space . News : Memories of my space flight with Sally Ride Still , 343 hours in space was n't all that Ride was about . Her true passion was opening doors for younger women , so they can follow their interests and talents without restrictions . Today , middle school students at Sally Ride Science learn the excitement and fun of science , the thrill and the challenge . Ride got to walk that walk in a big way . Her legacy is that other women do , too . Share your tributes to Sally Ride with us on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Sally Ride , America ' first female astronaut , died this week Meg Urry : For a handful of women , she was an irreplaceable leader She says Ride was part of a wave of accomplished women who broke through barriers Urry : In later years , Ride took on science literacy , opening doors for younger women
New York  CNN  -- Timothy Haydock , an emergency room physician and Kennedy family friend , took the stand Thursday in the trial of the son of the late Robert F. Kennedy . Douglas Kennedy is accused of twisting one nurse 's arm and kicking another in January as he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York hospital with his newborn son . Haydock , who was with Kennedy at the time of the incident , previously asserted that the "  nurses were the only aggressors " and is considered a key witness for the defense . His testimony largely fit the defense 's narrative that Kennedy 's actions , captured on hospital surveillance video , were the result of an overly aggressive hospital staff and the product of a father 's instincts to protect his child . Nurses describe alleged assault by Kennedy son He said one of the nurses had been trying to "  exercise unnecessary control over the behavior of the father and son , " and lunged at the pair . Judge John Donahue -- not a jury -- is hearing the case involving misdemeanor charges of harassment and child endangerment . Kicking off the trial , the two sides outlined significantly divergent scenarios of what happened at Northern Westchester Hospital . One of the nurses , Anna Lane , testified Monday that she 'd initially reached in to hold open an elevator door to prevent Kennedy from leaving that way . When he headed toward a stairway door , she ran to it and put her hand on the doorknob . "  I had my hand behind my back and he grabbed my left hand -- which was on the doorknob -- and twisted my arm , " said Lane . Kennedy raised his foot and kicked another nurse , Cari Luciano , who 'd come to help before entering the stairway , Lane added . But he only got down as far as the next landing , where he was met by security . The defense team was tough on the nurse . Suggesting she had an ulterior motive given Kennedy 's high profile , lawyer Robert Gottlieb questioned a tearful Lane why , if recounting her story was so emotionally difficult , she had recounted her version of what happened so soon after the incident on NBC 's "  Today Show . " After Kennedy was arraigned in February , his attorney released a statement stating that nurses initially agreed to let him take the baby outside and demanding "  appropriate disciplinary action " be taken against Lane and Luciano . Abusive or protective ? Kennedy 's son on trial over alleged assault of nurses	NEW : Timothy Haydock said a nurse was trying to "  exercise unnecessary control " Timothy Haydock is an emergency room physician and Kennedy family friend His testimony is expected to wrap up by 5 p.m. Thursday
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's fiery prime minister ratcheted up rapidly-escalating tensions with Israel on Tuesday , comparing Ankara 's once-close ally in the Middle East to a "  spoiled boy " and announcing additional sanctions would soon be imposed . "  We are completely suspending all of these , trade relations , military relations , related with the defense industry , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan said , according to the semi-official Anatolian Agency . "  All of these are completely suspended and other measures will follow this process . " Asked to clarify whether this meant Turkey will halt more than $ 3 billion in bilateral trade , an official in the Turkish prime ministry , speaking on condition of anonymity under government protocol , insisted Erdogan was not referring to trade relations . "  He was referring to the defense industry , " the official said . "  Nothing more than the measures that have been announced so far . " Last week , Turkey declared it was downgrading relations with Israel , suspending all military agreements between the two countries and giving senior Israeli diplomats less than a week to leave Turkish territory . "  If the current steps are regarded as ` plan B , ' there will be a ` plan C , ' " Erdogan said on Tuesday in his first public comments on the matter since Ankara imposed sanctions on Israel . Erdogan 's government is incensed that Israel refuses to apologize or pay compensation for eight slain Turks and one Turkish-American . The humanitarian workers and activists were shot dead by Israeli commandos in a botched 2010 raid on an aid convoy that was trying to bust Israel 's sea blockade of Gaza . But "  Israel does not want to see a further deterioration in the relationship with Turkey , " said a senior Israeli government official , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . "  There have been a number of proposals on the table to prevent a deterioration and unfortunately they have not been successful , but from our point of view a deterioration in the relationship serves neither side 's interests . " Multiple Israeli sources said they are doing what they can to be responsible and reverse the negative dynamic . Some Israeli officials believe the current troubles between the two countries are minor bumps that can be smoothed out with time and the proper diplomacy . Others believe the deteriorating relationship has little to do with Israel and more to do with a reorientation of Turkish foreign policy towards the Muslim world . A possible Erdogan trip to Gaza is contributing to that school of thought . Diplomats in Cairo and Ankara tell CNN that Erdogan is tentatively scheduled to visit Cairo next week . There is growing speculation in local media that the Turkish prime minister may try to visit Gaza via Egypt 's Rafah border crossing . "  This is a process that will continue until the last moment , " Erdogan said Tuesday , according to Anatolian , when asked about a trip to Gaza . "  We will make the final decision there , talking to our Egyptian friends and brothers . According to that , there may be a trip to Gaza . " Despite deteriorating political relations between Jerusalem and Ankara , trade has grown substantially between the two countries over the last year , according to Turkish government statistics . On Monday , Stanley Fischer , governor of the Bank of Israel , gave a speech in which he highlighted the importance of Israel 's economic ties with Turkey . He noted that Turkey 's economy was the largest in the region , with a gross domestic product in excess of $ 700 billion , and that Turkey is becoming a key player in regional trade . Turkey is a significant Israeli trading partner , Fischer said , and damage to the trade relationship between the two countries could have serious consequences for Israel . Yigal Schleifer , Washington-based editor at Eurasianet and expert on Turkish-Israeli relations , argues the Middle Eastern "  outsider " status that once drew Turkey and Israel together into an alliance during the 1990s has changed , as Turkey has grown economically and established closer political ties with Arab neighbors . "  The paths have diverged , " Schleifer said . "  What you have left is two countries with different visions currently for their position in the region . So Turkey wants to build a more unified region with more open borders that ultimately helps trade and ultimately helps Turkey see itself as a regional leader . Israel sees itself as isolated in the region , increasingly threatened and increasingly concerned with security issues . " Prior to the report about Erdogan 's comments Tuesday , Amos Gilad , a senior Israeli defense official , told Israeli radio that despite the reports , Turkey is not disengaging from Israel . Contrary to what is being reported , he said , the Israeli military attache to Turkey is continuing his work there . CNN 's Watson and Comert reported from Istanbul ; Flower reported from Jerusalem . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy in Cairo contributed to this report .	Tensions between the two countries are rising An official says trade relations will not be suspended The tension stems from a 2010 raid on a Gaza aid convoy Israel says it does not want a further deterioration of relations with Turkey
CNN  -- In a quiet corner of Singapore 's upscale Marina Bay Sands , a sparkling pavilion of glass and steel has been built out over the water . Designed by Peter Marino , Louis Vuitton Island Maison is the latest in a long line of collaborations between high-end fashion labels and globally renowned architects . In recent years , Prada , Christian Dior , Gucci and Hermes have all briefed some of the world 's finest designers -- including Doriana & Massimiliano Fuksas , Herzog & de Meuron and Rem Koolhaas -- to create spectacular outlets that they hope will embody the essence of their products . According to Marino , who has designed stores for Chanel , Hublot and Ermenegildo Zegna all over the world , the modern fashion store is an extension of brand identity . "  When  people  go shopping , they want the legitimate experience of the brand , " he told style website Business of Fashion recently . "  If you 're there in the store , the idea is to see the merchandise , touch the merchandise and hopefully get some kind of emotional response out of it , " he said . For high-end labels , this means competing to create spectacular retail spaces and experiences that convey the highest luxury , style , quality and extravagance . In the gallery above , CNN highlights some of the most striking examples of fashion store architecture from around the globe .	High-end fashion labels are investing millions to create luxury shopping experiences Renowned architects such as Peter Marino have designed stores around the world The in store experience has become an extension of the brand identity
CNN  -- The first complete gorilla genome has been mapped by scientists giving fresh insights into our own origins . Gorilla are the last of the genus of living great apes  humans , chimpanzees , gorillas and orang-utans  to have their DNA decoded , offering new perspectives on their evolution and biology . "  The gorilla genome is important because it sheds light on the time when our ancestors diverged from our closest evolutionary cousins around six to 10 million years ago , " says Aylwyn Scally , postdoctoral fellow at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , Cambridge and lead author of the report . "  It also lets us explore the similarities and differences between our genes and those of gorilla , the largest living primate , " he added . Read more : Mapping out a new era in brain research A team of researchers examined more than 11,000 genes in humans , chimpanzees and gorillas , looking for evolutionary clues . Initial findings have revealed that 15 % of the gorilla genome is closer to human DNA than to our nearest evolutionary relative , the chimpanzee . Researchers found that genes relating to sensory perception , hearing and brain development showed "  accelerated evolution " in all three , but particularly in humans and gorillas . Having the entire length of the gorilla genome now means scientists can start to compare all the four great apes at every position on the genome , Scally says . It forms the baseline , he says , from which to move forwards and really explore why and when our genes and those of the great apes diverged . "  Did it happen quite quickly or was it something that gradually happened ? At the moment we do n't know , " he said . "  It could have been some climatic change that separated humans in the east of Africa from chimpanzees in the forest -- that 's an idea some have floated . If we can see some imprint of it in the genome that would be very , very useful information . " Scientists used the DNA of a female western lowland gorilla  called Kamilah  who resides at San Diego Zoo . In the wild , it is the most widespread species of gorilla , according to the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  , with a estimated population of 100-200 ,000 individuals . The majority are found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , west Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and Angola . Its cousin , the eastern lowland gorilla , is less prevalent  fewer than 20,000 individuals  and can only be found in the rainforests of the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , says WWF . The research is published in the science journal Nature .	Scientists have completed the DNA map of an African western lowland gorilla Research hopes to shed light on human evolution and biology Western lowland gorilla population estimated to be 100-200 ,000 individuals in the wild
CNN  -- Strategically located in the eastern Mediterranean , Cyprus has stood at one of the geographical , cultural and economic fault-lines between East and West since ancient times . In mythology , it was the birthplace of the Ancient Greek goddess of love , Aphrodite , however the island has seen plenty of conflict throughout its history . When the Roman Empire divided in the 4th century , Cyprus came under the rule of the Byzantine Empire , developing the Hellenistic-Christian culture that remains the hallmark of Greek Cypriots today . But for the next 1,500 years , Cyprus remained at the mercy of successive waves of foreign invaders . During the Arab-Byzantine wars between the 7th and 11th century , Cyprus was subject to everything from small piratical raids to full-scale assaults in which thousands were slaughtered . The cycle of invasion and foreign rule continued to the mid-20th century as Cyprus fell variously to Richard I of England during the Third Crusade , the French under the Lusignans and the Venetians in the 15th century . Read more : What 's Cyprus ' connection to wine and the crusades ? When the Ottoman Empire launched a successful full-scale attack in 1570 , the scene was set for the divisions between Turkish and Greek Cypriots that exist on the Mediterranean island until today . Cyprus in the 20th century By the time Cyprus came under British administration in 1878 , Greek Cypriots were already agitating for union with Greece . A referendum in 1950 that was boycotted by Turkish Cypriots came out heavily in favor of union with Greece . Inter-communal violence fractured the Turkish and Greek Cypriot communities after the country gained independence in 1960 and Turkey threatened to invade in a series of events that became a Cold War flashpoint in 1963 and 1964 . Only the involvement of U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson halted a Turkish invasion when he stated that the U.S. would not stand beside the NATO member in the event of a Soviet invasion of Turkish territory . In July 1974 , the Greek military junta backed a coup d'etat in Cyprus . In response Turkey launched military intervention and by August it had landed thousands of troops and successfully partitioned the island along what is known as the "  Green Line . " Around 180,000 Greek Cypriots were forced south and some 50,000 Turkish Cypriots moved into vacant properties in the northern Turkish occupied zone . Cyprus has existed as a de-facto divided country ever since and the events of the bloody summer of 1974 still dominate , not just the politics of the island , but Greco-Turkish relations in general . In 1983 , the administration in northern Cyprus declared the "  Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus  TRNC  " ; an entity that is not recognized internationally by any country other than Turkey . Efforts to resolve the conflict have ended in failure . Attempts at reconciliation In 2004 , the Annan Plan , named after then U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan , led to a referendum on reunification which was supported by Turkish Cypriots but rejected by the Greek side as being too heavily weighted in favor of the Turkish side . Despite this setback , Cypriots have been chipping away at partition . In 2008 , Greek Cypriots demolished a key section of the barrier dividing the island 's capital city Nicosia . Ledra Street -- a pedestrianized shopping area -- became the sixth crossing point on the divided island . At the time , the move was welcomed by then leader of the Turkish north Ferdi Sabit Soyer who was reported as calling it "  a positive development . " In 2004 , Cyprus gained accession to the European Union which recognized its entry as a whole but suspended its legislation in the Turkish north , saying that "  these areas are outside of the customs and fiscal territory of the EU . But the EU notes that this does not affect the personal rights of Turkish Cypriots as EU citizens . " Economic ups and downs Erratic growth in the 1990s -- largely due to fluctuations in tourist arrivals that reflected the island 's political instability -- gave way to stronger growth . The Republic of Cyprus was first listed as an advanced economy by the International Monetary Fund in 2001 . According to the IMF , Cypriots are among the most prosperous people in in the Mediterranean region with GDP per capita surpassing $ 26,000 in 2012 . Economists say the turnaround was made all the more spectacular when partition is taken into account . After 1974 , Cypriots in the south lost 65 % of their hotel and tourist accommodation , 46 % of its industrial sector and 56 % of its mining and quarrying production . Read more on Cyprus : Betting on an off-shore gas bonanza The Republic of Cyprus experienced rapid economic growth as it rebuilt its tourism industry after losing much of its infrastructure in the north after the invasion of 1974 . In the north , however , the economy struggles . According to the CIA World Factbook , its GDP remains one quarter the size of the south and , with Turkey its primary public and private investor , its per capita GDP is around half that of the south . Meanwhile , Cyprus has successfully parlayed its role as a hub between East and West , rising as a significant business center in the region and becoming a haven for the assets of many wealthy Russians In 2012 , however , the growth story faltered and Russian bank accounts along with those of Cypriots and EU citizens with unsecured funds were badly hit . In a major economic crisis , Cypriot banks exposed to local property companies , the Greek Debt Crisis and hammered by a junk rating downgrade by international ratings agencies , Cypriot banks teetered on the verge of collapse . Only a â ‚ ¬ 10 billion  $ 13.7 billion  EU bailout package , which included those losses for depositors , averted a financial disaster that threatened to drag the Mediterranean financial sector down with it . Ironically for partitioned Cyprus , the solution from the Eurogroup was to split the country 's second largest bank - the Cyprus Popular Bank - into two banks ; one "  bad " which would be wound down over time and one "  good " that would be absorbed by the Bank of Cyprus . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Island on the eastern edges of the Mediterranean Sea has had a long history of conquest It has been conquered by Arab armies , the Venetians and the Ottomans and was a British colony In 1974 , Turkish forces invaded Cyprus partitioning the north into a zone for Turkish Cypriots Until recent the recent banking crisis the Republic of Cyprus has grown to have one of the most successful economies in the region
CNN  -- Marc Marquez continued his scintillating form in 2014 with another pole position at qualifying on Saturday for the French Grand Prix . The reigning MotoGP world champion clocked a time of one minute 32.042 seconds -- a new lap record at the Le Mans circuit -- ensuring he will start Sunday 's race at the front of the grid for the fifth successive time this season . Joining him on the front row is compatriot Pol Espargaro , who was over half-a-second behind on his Yamaha with Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso finishing third fastest . The Ducati rider 's compatriot , Valentino Rossi claimed the fifth fastest time on his Yamaha behind Germany 's Stefan Bradl . Double world champion Jorge Lorenzo will start from sixth place on the grid . Marquez , 21 , became the sport 's youngest-ever champion last year and has carried that winning mentality into 2014 , riding to victory in the first four races of the season to clock up a maximum 100 points . The Honda rider already leads the overall standings by 28 points from compatriot Dani Pedrosa -- who qualified a disappointing ninth fastest on Saturday -- with six-time champion Rossi lying third having amassed 61 points .	Reigning world champion continues incredible form with pole at Le Mans , France Marquez has now topped qualifying at all five races this season The 21-year-old will be going for a fifth successive win of season in Sunday 's GP
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's two daughters had another reason to high-five their dad 's election to the presidency Tuesday night : they 're getting a puppy . President Bush 's dog Barney walks in the White House Rose Garden in 2007 . "  Sasha and Malia , " Obama said in his victory speech at Chicago 's Grant Park , "  I love you both so much , and you have earned the new puppy that 's coming with us to the White House . " The new White House pet will follow in the paw-steps of a menagerie of animals that have had the run of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue over the years . The Bush family shared their eight years at the White House with a cat , a feisty English springer spaniel and two Scottish terriers -- all of whom have their own pages on the president 's Web site . The Clintons ' Washington stay included a cat , Socks , who did not get along with their chocolate Labrador retriever , Buddy . And Millie the springer spaniel 's canine view of life in the White House -- as "  told to " then-first lady Barbara Bush -- became a best-seller that outsold the memoirs of President George H.W. Bush . While many presidents took to heart President Harry Truman 's admonishment -- "  If you want a friend in Washington , get a dog " -- first pets have come in all shapes , sizes and species . Thomas Jefferson kept two grizzly bears in a cage on the White House lawn , while John Quincy Adams is said to have let his alligator use a bathtub inside . Calvin Coolidge walked his raccoons on a leash . Theodore Roosevelt 's sons escorted their pet pony onto the White House elevator to cheer up a sick sibling . And perhaps the strangest of all : Martin Van Buren briefly owned two tiger cubs , a gift from the Sultan of Oman . Pets have sometimes been a boon to a president 's image . But some have also taken a bite out of their popularity . Animal lovers howled in protest when Lyndon B. Johnson picked up his beagles , Him and Her , by the ears to provide photographers a better view . On the other hand , Richard Nixon -- running for vice president and accused of accepting illegal campaign contributions -- successfully defended himself in his famous "  Checkers Speech . " The only gift he ever accepted was "  a little cocker spaniel dog " that his daughter named Checkers , Nixon said . "  And I just want to say this , right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we are going to keep it , " he added . Come January , the Obamas will make history by becoming the first African-American family to move into the White House . But if Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , get what they 've been promised , the new tenants will keep one long-standing tradition alive ... and wagging .	President-elect Obama promises his daughters a puppy White House has a history of president pets -- from dogs to tiger cubs President Bush had three dogs and cat , President Clinton a dog and cat
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Everyone knows Boston is a city steeped in history , but on a steamy hot summer day , one of the best places to experience the city is from the ocean or the harbor . Codzilla boats zip passengers around Boston 's inner harbor . A new high-speed thrill ride called Codzilla -- a 70-foot turbocharged boat that makes 180-degree turns at close to 40 knots  43 mph  -- takes passengers out of the inner harbor into the Atlantic . White-knuckled riders are tied down with seat belts but still hold on to the railings with one hand and cling to their belongings with the other so they do n't fly overboard . Teenage boys like Ben Whatley from Michigan think Codzilla is "  pretty cool . " Younger brother Jeremy agrees while huddling with his grandmother . If you want both history and a boat ride , take one of Boston 's famous Duck Tours . Operated on amphibious vehicles from World War II , the tours take you through downtown historic Boston . Then the bus becomes a sea-going vessel , settling into the harbor for a short cruise . It 's a great way to see both sides of the city . When you get back on land , the New England Aquarium awaits with a "  Sharks and Rays " exhibit that wraps up September 1 . It includes a large touch tank where visitors can pet stingrays and small sharks . Megan Moore , a visitor program specialist at the aquarium , is excited to teach people that most sharks are not scary . Out of the 900 different species of sharks and rays , Moore says , only 10 to 15 have ever been known to attack a human , mostly because they confuse people with food . Sea dragons , jellyfish and harbor seals are among the other sea creatures on display at the aquarium . If you 'd rather see animals in their own habitat , you can board a whale watch tour at the harbor just outside the aquarium . Tours take about three hours on a high-speed catamaran to the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary . It 's been a protected area since 1992 and is a rich feeding ground for all kinds of marine life . Tour operators guarantee whale sightings on every excursion . Visitors this year are seeing large numbers of humpback , fin and even endangered right whales . There are also lots of dolphins , seals and sea birds . Finally , to experience Boston in a historic way , head to the Public Garden and take a peaceful 20-minute glide in a Swan Boat . The boats have been an important part of the garden every spring and summer since 1877 . Operator and owner Lyn Paget 's great-grandfather got the idea for the first boat from the opera Lohengrin , in which a prince rescues his princess in a boat drawn by a swan . Paget calls the experience "  magical " because the world speeds ahead but the Swan Boats never change . "  We have generations of people that have passed through here . When you come down with a friend , or child or a grandchild , their experience is going to be the same that it was for you , and there are n't too many places where you can do that anymore , " Paget said . Fran Fifis is a senior producer who has worked in CNN 's Boston bureau since it opened in 1998 .	Boston 's harbor and ocean attractions are great choices for summer visitors Codzilla turbo boat rides take passengers out of the inner harbor into the Atlantic Swan Boats have been operating in Boston Public Garden since 1877
CNN  Last summer , amid startling news reports of manipulation , mismanagement and possibly death caused by failures at the Department of Veterans Affairs , Congress came together and passed legislation to overhaul veterans ' access to health care . I was proud to sponsor the Veterans Access , Choice and Accountability Act of 2014  the Choice Act  , and deliver good news to veterans : They would have a choice when it comes to accessing health care they deserve , and many would have the option of seeing their local physician . Now , the VA is trying to take the choice away . A mere six months after the Choice Act was signed into law , and only three months after veterans began to receive their Choice Cards , the President 's budget attempts to reallocate the law 's emergency funds that are solely meant to pay for veterans ' health care in their communities . The VA says these funds are n't being used quickly enough because veterans are n't interested in getting care from their local physicians . That could not be further from the truth . Thousands of veterans are struggling to access the care they were promised through the Choice Act because of the VA 's flawed implementation of the law and foolish interpretation of the 40-mile rule in the distance criteria . When Congress passed the Choice Act , the intent was that veterans be allowed to access local health care if they can not receive the VA care they need within 40 miles of their home , or their wait time for an appointment is more than 30 days . Unfortunately , the VA decided to narrow the interpretation of the 40-mile rule , choosing to take into account only the distance of a VA medical facility from a veteran 's home and not whether the VA facility can actually provide the services the veteran needs . Veterans are being told they can not use their Choice Cards because they live within 40 miles of a VA facility , even though that facility does not offer the care they require . The VA is denying the access the law was intended to provide and forcing veterans to choose between traveling hours to a VA medical facility , paying out of pocket or going without care altogether . Veterans simply want what they were promised in the Choice Act : the choice to access the care they deserve in their community . In my hometown of Hays , Kansas , a veteran is forced to drive 200 miles several times a month for routine cortisone shots because the VA outpatient clinic just 25 miles from his home does not offer the shots he needs . One would think this veteran could use his Choice Card to visit a local physician or local hospital to get the shots he needs -- but the VA is denying access to this care . Thousands of veterans across the country are facing this same frustration . Why is common sense not prevailing at the VA ? Why is the VA not bending over backward to take care of veterans ? As a member of the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee , I have questioned VA Secretary Bob McDonald and other VA officials for months in hearings , personal meetings , phone calls and correspondence about the VA 's flawed interpretation of the 40-mile rule and what can be done to fix the problem . Congress specifically included language in the Choice Act that gives the VA the authority and flexibility it needs to provide veterans with access to care outside the VA when the care needed by a veteran is "  either unavailable or not cost-effective to provide at a VA facility . " But for some reason , the VA refuses to use the authority Congress gave it and put the best interest of veterans first . Enough is enough . In the absence of VA action , I authored legislation that would make certain veterans are not dismissed or forgotten just because of where they live . The Veterans Access to Community Care Act of 2015  S. 207  would require the VA to utilize its authorities , including the Choice Act , to offer community care to veterans who are currently unable to receive the health care services they need from a VA medical facility within 40 miles of where they live . This legislation enjoys broad bipartisan support in Congress and has been endorsed by numerous veterans ' organizations , including the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , AMVETS , Vietnam Veterans of America and the National Guard Association of the United States . When Congress passed the Choice Act , we called on the VA to live up to its commitment to care for those who have sacrificed for our country -- and we will not back down . We ought to always err on the side of what is best for the veteran , not what is best for the Department of Veterans Affairs .	Veterans ' Choice Act was signed into law in August 2014 Jerry Moran : VA is denying the access the law was intended to provide
CNN  -- AMC killed it for some fans of "  The Walking Dead . " The network posted a #RIP photo on social media after the East Coast airing of the series ' midseason finale , revealing the death of a main character . Fans who had yet to watch the show were incensed . On Monday , AMC posted an apology to viewers on the show 's official Facebook page . "  We heard your feedback to last night 's post , and we 're sorry , " the post read . "  With zero negative intent , we jumped the gun and put up a spoiler . Please know we 're going to work to ensure that , in the future , possible spoilers by official AMC social feeds are killed before they can infect , certainly before the West Coast  U.S.  broadcast of The Walking Dead . As always , thank you for watching , and keep the comments coming . We appreciate all of your support . #RIPSpoiler " The apology was met with comments ranging from "  No need to apologize " to "  You know ... you could make up for it with a new sneak peek from February ... " The spoiler did n't hurt the ratings , however : 14.8 million viewers , a 23 % increase from last season . According to Forbes , "  The Walking Dead " took over social media during Sunday 's episode , with a 238 % increase in mentions over the prior week . "  The RIP hashtag specific to the episode was used by nine percent of people engaging on social media  Sunday  night , and three percent admitted that they cried because a character on the show cried , " Forbes reported . " ` The Walking Dead ' has officially made the zombie genre emotional . " The series returns on February 8 .	AMC posted a spoiler after Sunday 's airing of the show Fans were angry that a character death was revealed On Monday the network apologized
The U.S. military went into Somalia with one goal in mind : Kill Ahmed Abdi Godane , the leader of Al-Shabaab . One day later , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said flatly , "  We certainly believe that we hit what we were aiming at . " What he did not say is whether Godane is dead . The United States is "  assessing the effectiveness right now " of the attack launched hours earlier , Kirby said Tuesday , including who , if anyone , was killed . He did acknowledge that U.S. Special Operations forces flew aircraft that , along with unmanned aircraft , "  destroyed an encampment and a vehicle using several Hellfire missiles and laser-guided missiles . " No American troops were on the ground . The attack was directed at Al-Shabaab and , specifically , its leader Godane . He has headed the network as it has terrorized East Africa , killing Somali officials , aid workers and others in a spate of suicide bombings . Godane allegedly was behind 2013 's brazen , ghastly siege of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall . It 's not just what Godane , who has pledged his group 's allegiance to al Qaeda , has done that made him a target . It 's what Al-Shabaab was planning to bring through more bloodshed , chaos and terror to the region . The U.S. government ca n't say yet whether Godane survived the attack in south-central Somalia . But if he did not , Kirby surmised , East Africa is now a safer , better place . "  If he was killed , this is a very significant blow to their network , to their organization , " the Pentagon spokesman said , "  and we believe their ability to continue to conduct terror attacks . " An Al-Shababb Twitter account said one person was killed in the attack , but it was n't Godane . " ` Ahmed Abdi Godane ' is alive and doing fine , " the tweet from HSM Press Office said , calling itself an "  official mujahedin account " in the Islamic land of Somalia . CNN was unable to verify the authenticity of the report . Somali official : ` Never heard such a huge ... blast ' Tipped off by what Kirby called "  actionable intelligence ... strong enough " to suggest Godane 's whereabouts , U.S. commandos flew -- aided by drones overhead -- into an area south of the African nation 's capital Mogadishu around 6:20 p.m.  11:20 a.m. ET  Monday . Lower Shabelle Gov. Abdikadir Mohamed Nur Sidii characterized the attack near the port city of Barawe as so ferocious . "  It jolted the entire region . " "  I never heard such a huge and deafening blast as the result of the airstrike , " Sidii said . Kirby did n't elaborate on exactly how much firepower was used , beyond that there were multiple Hellfire and laser-guided missiles . Somali intelligence officials counted at least four such missiles . The targets were what the Pentagon spokesman described as "  an encampment " and a vehicle inside it , not to mention Al-Shabaab leaders believed to be there . Kirby said that he expects the attack -- like others U.S. forces have conducted against terror groups -- sends a message . "  The operation that we 've conducted , we believe , is an example of the U.S. government and our allies and partners ' commitment to the people and the government of Somalia , " he said , "  to detect , deter , disrupt and defeat violent extremists who threaten progress in the region , as well as threaten to conduct terrorist attacks against innocent people around the world . " To figure out if the operation achieved its goals , the U.S. military will need help . That 's because , Kirby explained , no American forces were on the ground before or after the mission . He did n't specify who would get to the bottom of what happened , saying simply , "  We continue to work with partners in the region . " U.S. has gone after Al-Shabaab before The United States has previously gone after Al-Shabaab in Somalia . That includes at least two strikes this past year ordered by President Barack Obama 's administration . That 's part of a long-running , multinational effort targeting the group , including an operation launched last week to cut off the group 's supply lines along the Somali coast . Al-Shabaab has been on the defensive of late . Its militants have started to withdraw from the port city of Barawe in recent days . On Monday , the African Union Mission in Somalia announced that military forces had retaken several important towns in the Middle Shabelle and Hiiran regions . But no one is counting Al-Shabaab out quite yet . The group has shown its audacity and violent ways before . It has been blamed , and taken responsibility , for attacks on city streets , at markets , at prisons and a United Nations compound in Mogadishu . It 's most high-profile attack came last year at Nairobi 's upscale Westgate mall , when terrorists casually walked into the mall , pulled out weapons and began gunning down shoppers . The gunmen were accused of torturing some hostages before killing them . As many as 67 people died in the siege , and parts of the mall were destroyed . That and many of these other attacks occurred under Godane 's watch . If he 's now gone , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said , it would be a serious blow to Al-Shabaab . "  Ahmed Godane is a very ruthless figure in the group , he dominates the group , " Cruickshank said . "  You could see a kind of leadership struggle emerge if , indeed , he was killed . " But it would n't necessarily be a fatal one . Godane rose to power in 2008 , after all , when a U.S. airstrike killed then-leader Aden Hashi Ayrow . "  It 's a network , and we understand that , " Kirby said Tuesday . "  We are mindful that there remain other leaders of the organization , at large . " What is Al-Shabaab ?	Pentagon spokesman : U.S. used manned , unmanned aircraft in Somalia attack It was launched based on "  actionable intelligence , " targeted group 's leader , he says No details on whether Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane is dead or alive The U.S. has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year
CNN  -- Two Georgia men have filed a lawsuit claiming that prominent Atlanta , Georgia , pastor Eddie Long coerced them into sex . The suits , filed Tuesday in DeKalb County , Georgia , allege that Long used his position as a spiritual authority and bishop to coerce young male members and employees of his New Birth Missionary Baptist Church into sex . A spokesman for Long told CNN on Wednesday that the allegations are "  a case of retaliation and a shakedown for money by men with some serious credibility issues . " Long "  categorically and adamantly denies these allegations , " said spokesman Art Franklin . "  Defendant Long has a pattern and practice of singling out a select group of young male church members and using his authority as Bishop over them to ultimately bring them to a point of engaging in a sexual relationship , " the suits allege . Long is considered one of the nation 's top black preachers . His church has more 25,000 members , according to the suit , and was the site of Coretta Scott King 's 2006 funeral , attended by then-President George W. Bush and three previous presidents . King was the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The pastor took one plaintiff , Anthony Flagg , 21 , on overnight trips to a half-dozen American cities in recent years , Flagg 's suit alleges . "  Long shared a bedroom and engaged in intimate sexual contact with plaintiff Flagg including kissing , massaging , masturbating of plaintiff Flagg by defendant Long and oral sexual contact , " the suit says . Long took the other plaintiff , Maurice Murray Robinson , 20 , to Auckland , New Zealand , in October 2008 for his 18th birthday and engaged in oral sex with him , Robinson 's suit alleges . "  Following the New Zealand Trip , Defendant Long regularly engaged in sexual touching , and other sexual acts with Plaintiff Robinson , " Robinson 's suit alleges . "  It is very unfortunate that someone has taken this course of action , " Franklin , Long 's spokesman , said Tuesday . "  Our law firm will be able to respond once attorneys have had an opportunity to review the lawsuit . " Long frequently denounces homosexual behavior . A 2007 article in the Southern Poverty Law Center 's magazine called him "  one of the most virulently homophobic black leaders in the religiously based anti-gay movement . " "  Everybody knows that a bishop or church pastor ... can not have any sort of sexual relations or sexual relationship with one of your parishioners , " the lawyer , B.J. Bernstein , said at a news conference Tuesday evening . "  And even worse to have it with two young men who trusted him and got to know him at a very young age . " Bernstein said she has alerted federal authorities about the allegations . In June , Robinson was arrested and charged with burglary in connection with a break-in to Long 's office . An iPhone , iPad and other items -- more than $ 1,300 worth -- were taken from the office , according to the police report . On Tuesday , Bernstein said the theft was Robinson 's attempt to retaliate against the pastor . She said that once Robinson began telling others about his experience with Long , "  he realized he was n't the only one . " "  It made -LSB- Robinson -RSB- angry , " she said . Both plaintiffs said the pastor , his church and church employees gave them cash and lavish gifts that ranged from cars to college tuition . The suits also said that Long framed the sexual relationships as religious in nature . The suits allege that Long chose the plaintiffs to be his "  Spiritual Sons , " a program that allegedly includes other young men from the church . "  Spiritual Sons are taken on public and private jets to U.S. and international destinations , housed in luxury hotels and given access to numerous celebrities including entertainment stars and politicians , " the suit alleges . Flagg moved into a home owned by another New Birth pastor when he was a high school junior , according to the suit , where Long would sometimes share a bed with him . Flagg was eventually put on the church 's payroll , his suit alleges , with Long personally delivering his checks . Flagg 's suit says that Long presided over a spiritual "  covenant " ceremony between the two of them . "  It was essentially a marriage ceremony , with candles , exchange of jewelry , and biblical quotes , " Bernstein said Tuesday . "  The bishop -LSB- told -RSB- him I will always have your back and you will always have mine . " Robinson 's suit alleges that "  Defendant Long would use Holy Scripture to discuss and justify the intimate relationship between himself and Plaintiff Robinson . " The lawsuits are seeking unspecified amounts of punitive damages from Long on various counts , ranging from negligence to breach of fiduciary duty . The suits allege that various staff members working for Long , his church and the Longfellows Academy -- which the suit describes as an offshoot ministry of New Birth -- "  knew of Defendant Long 's sexually inappropriate conduct and did nothing to warn or protect -LSB- the plaintiffs -RSB- . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Long spokesman denies charges , calls them "  shakedown " and "  retaliation " Two men file lawsuits against Atlanta-area pastor Eddie Long One suit alleges that Long used his position to coerce sex The Southern Poverty Law Center had called pastor "  virulently homophobic "
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Rep. Vern Buchanan , a self-made Florida millionaire , is only in his third term in Congress , but he already is in charge of fundraising for the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee , and he sits on the powerful House Ways and Means committee . But all that could be jeopardized . Federal investigations underway could result in Buchanan serving his next term behind bars . CNN has confirmed there are no fewer than four congressional and federal investigations into Buchanan 's business practices , his campaign finances and his alleged attempt to try to stop a witness from talking . Congress : Same hours , half the work Now that witness is stepping forward in an exclusive interview with CNN . Buchanan 's former business partner says the congressman schemed to launder money from his car dealerships into his campaign coffers , and then tried to get others to cover it up . Many of the questions surrounding Buchanan go back to his auto dealerships in Florida where he made his millions , and back to the days when he worked with his former business partner Sam Kazran . Their partnership started at what is now a weed-filled lot , the former North Jacksonville Hyundai dealership . Eventually they owned four dealerships together . "  I respected him , " Kazran says of their early years together . "  I believed him . " But Kazran says he was naive , and that he soon found out the man he believed in was interested in only two things : money and power . "  Mr. Buchanan is a very selfish person , and in my opinion people who go to Congress have got to do good for the people they represent , " Kazran says . Kazran presented to CNN the same information , documents and testimony he has given to federal investigators . The two men had a falling out over their finances , and they 've been suing each other for years . Buchanan says Kazran is a disgruntled partner and has lied about what happened . At the center of Kazran 's allegations is a cash swap scheme used to finance some of Buchanan 's campaigns . He says employees were forced to write checks , then were reimbursed with cash drawn from Buchanan 's car dealerships . "  It was to a point where I said , ` Chief , we ca n't give you this kind of money . At which point he said , ` Just run it through the corporation , ' " Kazran said . "  What he said to me was ` Get people to write a check to the campaign and then pay them back through the corporation . ' " Kazran did , and he was soon calling in managers , salesman , even assistants . People who never gave money to campaigns were suddenly writing big checks to Buchanan for Congress and , according to Kazran , getting reimbursed from the dealership . It added up to almost $ 70,000 at Kazran 's dealership alone , he said . Senate close to deal to extend low interest rates on student loans "  I remember one of the partners jokingly saying , ` Boss , you have all the money in the world . Why do you want us to pay you the money ? ' And he said , ` Well , it does n't look good if it 's coming from me . ' " Kazran took his detailed allegations to the Federal Elections Commission , which was already looking into Buchanan 's campaign finances . Investigators there wanted to know not only about how the cash-swap scheme was set up , but if the congressman knew about it . Kazran says there is no question the congressman knew all about it . The FEC 's initial report found "  reason to believe " that Buchanan "  knowingly and willfully violated " federal election laws . Read the initial FEC report  pdf  . But in a later report the FEC pulled back , saying it found credibility problems with both Kazran and Buchanan and not enough corroborating evidence to back up Kazran 's testimony . The FEC then dropped the investigation into Buchanan , stating , "  While there is some other evidence in the record that is consistent with Kazran 's general allegations , other evidence supports Buchanan 's denials or is ambiguous . " Read the FEC report  pdf  . The FEC eventually fined Kazran $ 5,000 in a settlement because he admitted reimbursing employees for campaign contributions . Kazran has never disputed his involvement , but he says he did it because Buchanan told him to . While the congressman has said the later FEC report proves he 's innocent , the findings at the FEC were more convoluted , stating it came "  close to supporting a finding that it is more likely than not " that Buchanan violated the law . And that 's where things get much more serious for the congressman . During the FEC probe , Buchanan pushed to settle a lawsuit Kazran had brought against him . At the last minute , with a $ 2.9 million settlement offer from Buchanan dangling in front of him , Kazran says he was given an affidavit to sign . According to Kazran , the congressman and his attorneys were asking him to sign a statement that was a lie , that Buchanan knew nothing about the campaign cash swap . Kazran says Buchanan and his team were trying to force him to lie about Buchanan 's role in the campaign cash scheme in exchange for the nearly $ 3 million cash settlement , money which Kazran says he desperately needed , as his finances were in trouble and his wife was suffering from cancer and was undergoing expensive medical treatments . "  A lot of the language of it was really to distance himself ... , " said Kazran . "  In short it said that Mr. Buchanan had nothing to do with it . " Kazran 's lawyer , Robert Stok , says it was clearly an effort to lean on Kazran when he was vulnerable . "  He was holding the settlement in escrow , " Stok says . "  He basically said , ` We can settle , but there 's one little thing remaining . All you have to do is sign this affidavit . We release the settlement and everything will be rosy for you . ' " Kazran refused to sign and took the affidavit to federal investigators . Now , CNN has learned that Buchanan is being investigated for attempting to tamper with a witness in a federal investigation . After CNN 's repeated requests for interviews were ignored , CNN decided to find Buchanan as he emerged from a hearing . Buchanan would not respond fully to any questions and quickly walked away from CNN 's camera . When asked if he tried to get Kazran to sign the affidavit , Buchanan responded "  No , no , no , no . No I did n't , " adding that he needed to get to another meeting , and that CNN should contact his office . When asked if he used the affidavit to hold up the $ 3 million settlement with Kazran , Buchanan replied : "  No . " In a recent report , released quietly several weeks ago , the Office of Congressional Ethics wrote : "  There is substantial reason to believe that Buchanan attempted to influence the testimony of a witness in a proceeding before the FEC in violation " of federal law and House ethics code . Read the OCE 's report on the affidavit  pdf  . Now a full House ethics committee is looking into it . CNN has also learned that the FBI is conducting its own investigation . In addition , the Office of Congressional Ethics also found "  substantial reason to believe " that Buchanan failed to disclose unearned income on his financial disclosure forms from 2007 to 2010 . Read the report  pdf  . Salvatore Rosa , a former chief financial officer for Buchanan 's business interests for five years , said in a recent deposition conducted by Buchanan 's attorney that he submitted a federal whistle-blower complaint to the IRS with allegations that Buchanan violated federal tax laws , including tax evasion , fraud and conspiracy to commit tax evasion . In the deposition , Buchanan 's attorneys asked Rosa if he stood to gain a "  financial windfall " by filing the complaint . Rosa said "  potentially . " The deposition did not provide details of the alleged violations of tax law . Rosa declined an interview with CNN . Buchanan 's office responded to CNN 's interview request with a statement saying the charges are "  politically motivated , " that the congressman did nothing wrong , and "  We are confident that the Justice Department and House Ethics Committee will reach the same conclusion . " On Friday , lawyers for Buchanan filed a legal motion in Sarasota , Florida , to seal all documents in the Kazran case and to stop Kazran and his lawyers from speaking publicly about it . Buchanan 's lawyers said news stories about the congressman are "  publicly disparaging " his character . Stok said : "  As an American citizen , both Congressman Buchanan and I have the fundamental right of free speech . ... Mr. Buchanan 's motion is yet another in a series of frivolous efforts to attempt to shut down the case ... and to conceal his wrongdoing behind a shroud of secrecy . " CNN 's Nicole Boucher contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Four probes looking at various allegations against Rep. Vern Buchanan , R-Florida Ex-business partner : Buchanan used cash-swap scheme to finance his campaigns FEC initial report finds "  reason to believe " Buchanan violated election laws Buchanan , a top House GOP fundraiser , says allegations are "  politically motivated "
Istanbul  CNN  -- An organization that monitors freedom of the press is harshly critical of the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a new report , accusing it of waging "  one of the world 's biggest crackdowns on press freedoms in history . " The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists concludes 76 Turkish journalists are in prison , "  at least 61 in direct relation to their work . " "  Turkey 's imprisonments surpass the next most-repressive nations , including Iran , Eritrea , and China , " the watchdog group adds in the report published Monday . Read more : Turkey arrests journalists in alleged terror plot The Turkish government has routinely defended its record by arguing that journalists have not been imprisoned for crimes related to their writing and reporting . "  Of all the people imprisoned in our country , the great majority of those who are tried to be linked with journalist identity are the ones who are deprived of their liberty on the grounds of serious offences such as membership of an armed terrorist organization , kidnapping , possession of  an  unregistered firearm and  a  hazardous substance , bombing and murder , " wrote Justice Ministry Sadullah Ergin , in a July 10 letter that was published in an appendix to the committee 's report . Read more : Turkish journalists detained in Syria released But this is not the first time international journalist-freedoms organizations have criticized Turkey . The Paris-based group Reporters Without Borders ranked Turkey 148 out of 179 countries -- below Russia and the Democratic Republic of Congo -- on its press freedoms index for 2011-2012 . According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , 70 % of the journalists imprisoned in Turkey are ethnic Kurds "  charged with aiding terrorism by covering the views and activities of the banned Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . " The PKK has been waging a guerrilla war against the Turkish state since the early 1980s . More than 30,000 people , most of them ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict . In recent months , PKK-related violence has spiked to levels unseen in Turkey in more than a decade . According to Turkish justice ministry statistics cited by a recent International Crisis Group report on the Kurdish conflict , more than 7,000 people have been detained recently on suspicion of having ties to a "  terrorist organization . " Read more : Turkish journalists missing in Syria finally phone home In a February 2012 letter written from prison published in the committee 's report , Hamdiye Ciftci of the pro-Kurdish Dicle News Agency claimed she was arrested for publishing images of police allegedly breaking the arm of a 14-year-old Kurdish boy participating in an anti-government protest . "  If you do n't work for the system covering orderly pieces of news , they try to bend you to their will with pressure and intimidation . And if this does not work , you will end up in prison , " Ciftci wrote . She was eventually released last April , after spending nearly two years in prison awaiting trial . According to the committee , at least 20 other media workers associated with Dicle News Agency are still in prison and "  jailed in direct connection to their work . " The watchdog group also specifically singled out Erdogan , accusing the tough-talking prime minister of creating a climate of self-censorship in Turkey after nearly a decade in power . "  Erdogan has publicly deprecated journalists , urged media outlets to discipline or fire critical staff members , and filed numerous high-profile defamation lawsuits , " the report says . Read more : Turkey remembers murdered journalist The report highlights the case of TV anchorwoman Nuray Mert . "  My TV program was abruptly taken off the air after Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan targeted me in his election campaign speech in the city of Konya in May 2011 , " Mert wrote , in a letter printed by the committee . She credited Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party with removing "  the hegemony of the military , " which has overthrown at least four governments in the past 50 years . But she also accused Erdogan 's government of generating "  authoritarian policies in milder forms and under different brands . " Those sentiments were echoed by journalist Ahmet Sik . An early supporter of legal investigations into an alleged terrorist network of ultranationalists with the aim of militarily overthrowing Erdogan 's government , Sik is currently being tried for writing a book allegedly at the behest of the same organization . His book , an expose of the infiltration of the police department by adherents of a particular brand of Islam , was banned and police raided newspaper offices to collect copies of it . Sik was released last March after being detained for more than a year , but the court case against him is ongoing and the journalists he was arrested alongside of are still in jail . In a phone interview with CNN on Monday , Sik said his arrest was meant "  to send the message : If we can arrest even these people , then we can definitely come after you . " Erdogan defended his record in a CNN interview broadcast last month . He was asked by Christiane Amanpour , who is also a member of the Committee to Protect Journalists ' board of directors , whether it is off limits in Turkey to criticize the prime minister . "  For the last 10 years , I have been fighting against criticism in very harsh terms , " Erdogan responded , speaking through an interpreter . "  I 've been very patient , but I was not patient from time to time , and I had to actually file a lawsuit against those critics . But after a while , I withdrew my applications and I gave up on my rights , let 's say . But insult is one thing ; criticism is another thing . I will never put up with insult . But I will always say yes and put up with criticism . " Last July , Erdogan 's government passed an amendment that reduced penalties some journalists face for their work . "  This new legal feature would effectively serve as an amnesty for press-related offenses and would affect a significant number of cases concerning journalists in Turkey , " wrote Namik Tan , Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , in a letter to the Committee to Protect Journalists . But the amendment did nothing to change Turkey 's much-criticized anti-terrorism law , which has been invoked repeatedly to prosecute critics of the government . "  The big mental block in Turkey , unfortunately , is the extraordinary breadth of the terrorist definition : It goes far beyond what anyone in the European Union would say is terrorism , " said Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst with the international Crisis Group , a non-profit conflict mediation organization . "  It is very out of date and prosecutors are using it , apparently , with a free pass from the ruling party , who could change the law if they wanted . " Sik , the investigative reporter facing charges of participating in a plot to overthrow the government , believes that press freedom in Turkey is not possible until the anti-terror statutes are thrown out completely and the criminal code is brought fully in line with that of the European Union . For now , Sik said , "  journalists have two options : either go to jail or overlook injustices in the interest of self-preservation . "	The Committee to Protect Journalists blasts Turkey 's prime minister "  Turkey 's imprisonments  of journalists  surpass the next most-repressive nations , it says A government minister says those being held committed serious crimes The committee says 70 % of the journalists imprisoned in Turkey are ethnic Kurds
CNN  -- Few can claim to have had a bigger impact on the glittering coaching career of new Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola than Juan Manuel Lillo . Guardiola won a remarkable 14 trophies in his four years at Barcelona and regards the relatively unknown Spanish coach as his mentor . Lillo took his first coaching job at the tender age of 16 and went on to manage 13 clubs in his 19-year career , including Mexican side Dorados Sinaloa , where Guardiola finished his playing career . The pair met after Lillo had led lowly UD Salamanca to the top flight when he was still just 29 and a firm friendship began . Ironically , an 8-0 Spanish league defeat by Guardiola 's Barcelona lost Lillo his last coaching job , at Almeria , but the 47-year-old remains a keen student of the game . CNN World Sport caught up with Lillo to ask him about his relationship with Guardiola and his thoughts on the Spaniard 's move to the league-leading German Bundesliga club . Do you think Guardiola will have a lot of success at Bayern ? For example , another Champions League , a league title or two ? That 's something no one knows , it 's all up in the air . What I do know is that he will give them a playing style that will allow them to succeed and that he will help make those players into better people and better footballers . For me , that is what success is . If the ball hits the post instead of going in the goal , no one knows . What I do think is that he will be able to take them to a level where they are always right there in a position to win . But who knows if a Chelsea comes and sends you home despite you having them on their back heels next to their own goal for 70 minutes of the match -- that 's football . Do you think Bayern was a good choice ? Who am I to say what is a good or bad choice for someone else , but I think people will wait to see if it goes well or badly for him to say it was a good choice . Personally , I think it was a good choice because they have quite a few players that have that criteria and quality he looks for in various positions . They have already had success playing a similar style and have tasted what it can bring them , and finally they have the money to be able to go out and get the players that they currently lack to be able to play his way . We 're also talking about one of the most important clubs of all time , that has a long history and currently has a very strong squad . I think they 're a really good team and that both of them made a good choice . What did you see in Pep the first time you saw him play ? The first time I saw him play , it made me so ecstatic that he could always keep the entire team in his head and know what to do in each situation to benefit the whole team . And he was so young when he did that ! That ability to make everyone around him better ... Knowing all that , did you think he would be a good coach ? You 've got to remember that I 've always seen a coach that used to play , never a player that used to coach . Saying that , similar to a guard in basketball or a center back court player in handball , he was a rigorous organizer . What emerged from his playing days was a man concerned with the collective . He 's a very involved manager ; it has something to do with his personality , I think . He 's a very good person . He 's the type of person who thinks of solidarity , of the needs of everyone else , so of course his style of play was like his personality . Did his success at Barcelona surprise you ? People forget he worked his way up from the second team at Barcelona . They did n't have the first-team players , but it was still a difficult category with a lot of nuances . He earned his marks there and then went on to win titles . Winning a title sometimes obviously requires a bit of luck -- if luck is n't with you , you wo n't win anything -- and he also had players like Messi . With people like that it makes it that much easier , but regardless , the merits of Pep are that he gave them a style , a criteria of play . He gave them an order ... he 's given them lots of things that allowed them to succeed . Do you think part of his decision to choose Bayern was because of the stability it offers as opposed to , for example , Chelsea ? I do n't know if Pep made his decision thinking in the negative aspects of other clubs . Knowing him a bit , I think he made this decision solely because of what he liked at this club rather than what he did n't like at another club . Pep follows his heart a lot , so if he liked this club , he liked it , that 's it . He did n't stop to think "  in this place , there 's this . In this other place there 's that . " No . I do n't know if Chelsea even came to him , we just know that Bayern made a move for him . Do you think if he has a lot of success at Bayern , he would go to another country/club for another challenge ? I do n't know , we have to wait and see . What I will say is that he 's the type of person who just because things are going well , he wo n't necessarily stay there . And if things are going badly , he wo n't necessarily leave just because things are bad .	Pep Guardiola 's mentor Juanma Lillo says his former player will be a success at Bayern Former Barcelona coach Guardiola called Lillo the best manager he ever played under Lillo says Guardiola will make Bayern 's squad better players and better people Guardiola will join the German giants in July after a year 's sabbatical from soccer
Hong Kong  CNN  -- One of the most dramatic developments from the trial of disgraced senior politician Bo Xilai is n't what was said in court , but that the arguments were revealed at all . The public received updates released on social media -- a first in a country where most court proceedings are held in secret and the outcome far from doubt . While official state media has given cursory coverage to the trial , Chinese netizens fed an online frenzy of commentary about the case , which was the top trending topic Thursday on Sina.com 's Weibo , a Chinese Twitter-like microblogging site . "  The live coverage of Bo 's case on Jinan Intermediate Court 's Weibo feeds is awesome and a huge progress for media coverage on trials ! " wrote Weibo writer Youyoulaihaiyouqu . Followers of the Jinan court 's Weibo account jumped from less than 10,000 on Wednesday to more than 330,000 by Friday morning as the court fed updates of the bribery case against Bo , whose downfall last year was laced with tales of murder and corruption , creating the Communist Party 's biggest political crisis in decades . "  While it 's difficult to say whether Beijing censored the material -- foreign journalists were not allowed inside to cover the trial , so it 's unclear how closely the official remarks hewed to what actually went down in the courtroom -- it is certainly China 's first live-microblogged show trial , " noted Isaac Stone Fish in Foreign Policy . Once heir apparent for a place at the top of China 's political elite , Bo is on trial on charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . His wife , Gu Kailai , was convicted last year of murdering a British businessman in a case that began Bo 's downfall . On Thursday , Bo gave a spirited defense against the bribery charges -- which in itself surprised observers . According to posts by the court , Bo contested the claim that he had taken bribes from Tang Xiaolin , a businessman in the northeastern industrial city of Dalian , where Bo used to be mayor . After watching a video in which Tang detailed how he sent Bo money , Bo remarked , "  I saw an ugly performance by a person who sold his soul , " the court said . There were two surprising elements from the dispatches Thursday from the court , according to Cheng Li of the Brookings Institution . The first was that Bo has dared to reject the allegations against him , and the poor performance of the prosecution which Li described as "  terrible . " He said any deal that had been done before the trial appears to be unraveling . "  All of a sudden , in my view , Bo Xilai has decided not to co-operate , but not completely . Because he did not go too far to condemn other leaders or reveal some other problems ; this is probably what worried some of the leadership the most , " Li said . While official state media offered little commentary on the proceedings , Chinese netizens were n't afraid to wade in . "  After reading the whole transcript of the trial , I realized that the prosecutors actually failed to offer direct proofs of Bo taking bribes . Instead , they talked a bunch of issues that do n't really have much to do with the accusations , " wrote Yuxin . Shudongjunaishudong : "  Bo Xilai thought high of himself , abusing the power for personal gains and fooled the public . But he did n't know that those who misuse the power which granted by people will be severely punished according to the discipline of the Party and the law of the country . " Still , many supporters on Weibo applauded Bo 's tenure as mayor of Chongqing , where he made his name as an anti-graft crusader . "  You  referring to Bo  will always remain a great secretary in the eyes of Chongqing people ! " wrote Suzui . Some heralded the live-blogged trial as turning a page for transparency in China ; others wondered whether Bo 's defense itself was blessed by the state , as evidenced by the court 's release of his statements . But the court 's feverish stream of dispatches on Thursday had slowed significantly on Friday , adding to the belief that the outcome of the trial in China -- where only 0.1 % of cases return a not guilty verdict -- is of little doubt . "  I never care about politics but I think it 's worth following right now because of Bo Xilai , but I can tell the result has been scripted , now is only a process to make people think that our country is fair and transparent , " wrote Xiao Kui Kui-Cindy . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz , Jethro Mullen , Vivian Kam and Hala Gorani contributed to this report	Live updates from the Bo Xilai trial were posted on a Chinese microblogging site First time in a country where court proceedings are secret and outcome predetermined Observers were surprised by the spirited defense offered by Bo , the disgraced politician The flow of live updates decreased significantly on the second day of the trial
CNN  -- Summer is inching upon us , and that means kids at public pools will be splashing , barbecues in the backyard will be blazing and a slate of blockbusters will start crowding around "  The Avengers " at cineplexes . While all this is going on , one song will be blaring from car radios , tinny laptop speakers and hot dog stands at the beach . And that tune will be deemed the song of the summer . Of course , each year around this time , anyone with fingers and a Twitter account -- let alone a published byline -- is eager to latch onto a budding chart hit and declare that , yes , this one particular three-minute confection of perfection is definitely going to be the song of the summer . And if , by chance , that song still happens to be heavily crackling across the airwaves at an hourly rate in August , well , good for those pop prophets . Pat on the back . You were right . Bravo . But let 's just state the obvious : pop does have a way of weaving itself into the fabric of our summer experiences .  Think of these recent , inescapable scorchers : Katy Perry 's "  I Kissed a Girl " and "  California Gurls " in 2008 and 2010 , respectively , the Black Eyed Peas ' "  I Got ta Feeling " in 2009 and LMFAO 's "  Party Rock Anthem " last year . So why , then , does n't anyone ever focus on the big hits that come along in December , or , for that matter , February ? Is there some law that decrees June , July and August are the only zeitgeist-approved months on the calendar ? Well , no . But song of the winter just does n't have the same sexy ring to it , and who wants to cruise around sleeveless with the windows down when it 's 24 degrees outside anyway ? That brings us to 2012 's upcoming stretch of sunny days , and Carly Rae Jepsen . Many sites will inform you that the 26-year-old Canadian 's bouncy , string-laden "  Call Me Maybe " is a song of the summer shoe-in  or , at the very least , one of the top contenders  . And almost like clockwork , the single has inched up to No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , just as Gotye 's six-week reign on top with "  Somebody That I Used To Know " seems to be winding down . Not up on Carly Rae or "  Call Me Maybe " ? You 've been living under a rock , we see . Below are the only three points you 'll need to know : Her first big break : The Mission , British Columbia , brunette placed third on "  Canadian Idol " in 2007 . Her first album , "  Tug of War , " was released in her home country the following year , and her EP "  Curiosity " arrived this past February on Valentine 's Day . How she blew up : Fellow Canadian Justin Bieber and his manager , Scooter Braun , signed Jepsen earlier this year to a deal with their Schoolboy Records label . "  Call Me Maybe " : As the legend goes , Bieber and girlfriend Selena Gomez heard the song on the radio while visiting Canada in January . An alternate music video for "  Call Me Maybe "  different from the official clip  features Bieber and Gomez , as well as pals Ashley Tisdale and members of Big Time Rush , lip-syncing along with the track . The vid went viral , and has more than 74 million views . To date , the single has topped the charts in Canada , Australia and the UK , and gone Top 10 in over a dozen other countries . It 's worth pointing out that while there has been lots of speculation that it could be the "  perfect pop song , " Jepsen 's breakout hit has been breaking out for quite some time now . It was first released in September , and by April it had become a radio staple here in the States . But with June looming in the distance , it 's tricky to peg this slice of disco-pop that 's been around for eight months as the definitive song of summer 2012 . For starters , Carly Rae has some stiff competition in the forms of her pal Justin Bieber 's Timberlake-like single "  Boyfriend " , Maroon 5 's ode to antiquated communication methods "  Payphone , " Train 's similarly upbeat stomper "  Drive By " and Pitbull 's "  Men in Black 3 " soundtrack jam "  Back in Time . " She also faces peaking early in the summer with "  Call Me Maybe , " then having it slide away by the time fireworks start shooting off , in the wake of other new tracks that will catch the ears of iTunes-clicking tweens . Last summer , for instance , Maroon 5 and Christina Aguilera 's "  Moves Like Jagger " did n't come along until late June . By August , "  The Voice " coaches ' pair-up was unavoidable on radio , and it went on to spend four weeks atop the Hot 100 . But it 's late May , and right now you probably just want to know whether or not "  Call Me Maybe " is going to be the hands-down song of summer 2012 . We 'll certainly concede that it was the song of spring . As for summer ? We 'll say definitely ... maybe . Sorry , Carly .	One song will soon be blaring in the background , and that tune will be the song of the summer Many sites will inform you that Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " is a shoe-in We 'll certainly concede that it was the song of the spring
CNN  -- The second-highest ranking official in Iraqi President Jalal Talabani 's political party resigned Saturday , along with four other high-ranking Kurdish politicians , officials said . Iraqi President Jalal Talabani could be jeopardized by the resignations of five key members of his party . Khosrat Rasul , the vice president of the Kurdistan Regional Government , resigned , along with four other members of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan  PUK  , according to Kurdish lawmakers . Rasul is a battle-scarred veteran of Kurdish rebellions against former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein . Kurdish members of the Iraqi Parliament say the resignations threaten the delicate balance of power in Iraqi Kurdistan , a semi-autonomous region in northern Iraq . It has been the most stable part of the country since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion . "  It looks very serious , " said Ala Talabani , the president 's niece and a PUK member , as well as a member of Parliament . She spoke by phone from the Iraqi Kurdish city of Sulaimaniya , long a stronghold of the PUK . "  It 's about corruption , " Ala Talabani said of the resignations . "  They are asking about the resources and the money . Who is spending it . And who is in charge of the income of the party . " "  It 's not good , " said Mahmoud Othman , a member of the Iraqi Parliament and an independent Kurdish politician . "  The PUK is one of the main two -LSB- Kurdish -RSB- players , " he added . "  A problem like this will upset the whole situation . " Iraqi Kurdistan broke free from Baghdad 's control after the 1991 Gulf War . Since then , the region has been divided between two rival Kurdish factions , Talabani 's PUK and the Kurdistan Democratic Party , led by Massoud Barzani . For several years throughout the 1990s , the groups battled each other in the mountains and valleys of northern Iraq . Those historic divisions faded somewhat following the United States ' overthrow of Hussein . For the past five years , the Kurds have worked together in Baghdad to enhance the Kurdish region 's position in Iraq . Kurdish politicians deftly took advantage of divisions between Sunni and Shi'a Arab factions . They successfully lobbied to maintain Kurdistan 's militia of pesh merga fighters . Demands to expand the Kurdish zone of control and win the right to exploit oil deposits in Kurdish territory have increased tensions between Kurdish and Arab politicians . The resignation of Rasul and his allies threatens the power base of Talabani , the first Kurdish president in Iraqi history . "  If it is not fixed by Talabani by tomorrow , this could change the entire landscape of Kurdish politics , " said Hiwa Osman , the Iraq country director of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting . Iraq 's three northern Kurdish provinces are scheduled to hold regional elections in May . Talabani is expected to travel to Kurdistan to hold emergency meetings with Rasul and his other former comrades-in-arms . This is not the first time the stout Kurdish leader has faced a rebellion from within the ranks of his followers . Kurdish observers say these disputes usually stem from disagreements over money and power .	5 politicians in Kurdish Iraqi President Talabani 's PUK party resign PUK and Kurdistan Democratic Party rivals for power in Kurdistan Official says resignations are over corruption , questions of where money goes Resignations could threaten power base of Talabani , first Kurdish president
London , England  CNN  -- The release of confidential U.S. diplomatic cables by WikiLeaks achieved many things : making a star -- and wanted man -- of its main protagonist Julian Assange as well as redrawing the world 's foreign policy map . But also hidden among the cables are stories that reveal an often overlooked phenomenon : dictators , governments and leading industrialists being drawn to football 's cultural and political power like moths to a flame . The cables outline how powerful people have tried to harness football for their own ends and how the game has been used by ordinary fans as a crucible of opposition in otherwise restrictive societies . Below details the "  soccerleaks " worth knowing : Myanmar 's junta considered buying Manchester United Myanmar 's de facto leader General Than Shwe was almost talked into buying one of the world 's most popular football clubs , Manchester United , for $ 1 billion by his favorite grandson Nay Shwe Thway Aung . In the end , such an investment only months after nearly 150,000 people were killed by Cyclone Nargis , was deemed inappropriate . "  The grandson wanted Than Shwe to offer $ 1 billion for Manchester United , " the cable explains . "  The senior general -LSB- Shwe -RSB- thought that sort of expenditure could look bad , so he opted to create for Burma a league of its own . " According to a cable in June 2009 called "  Cronies Launch New Soccer League " , select businessmen were told that -LSB- General -RSB- Than Shwe had "  chosen " them to be the owners of the new professional soccer teams . The brainwave came from Zaw Zaw , chairman of the Myanmar Football Association and a rising "  crony " with multiple business interests in everything from rubber to jade mining , and Aung who , according to exile website The Irrawaddy , is a hated Manchester United-supporting playboy . The cable concluded that the new league "  may be a way for the regime to distract the people from ongoing political and economic problems . " According to FIFA.com , the league has been a resounding success ; average attendances have risen from 2,000 to 13,000 . Mysteriously , Zaw Zaw relinquished the ownership of his club Delta United , but not before he had further curried favor with the General . In a separate cable titled "  Update on Crony Zaw Zaw 's activities " , it was revealed that : "  Contacts confirm that Zaw Zaw hired Senior General Than Shwe 's grandson to play on the -LSB- Delta United -RSB- team . " Bulgarian football riddled with mafia cronies The opening sentence of one cable emanating from the U.S. embassy in Sofia says it all . "  Since the fall of Communism , Bulgarian soccer has become a symbol of organized crime 's corrupt influence on important institutions . " The cable "  Bulgarian Soccer Receives a Red card for Corruption , " dated January last year , lists a litany of shady crime figures and mafia bosses who , it is claimed , all control Bulgaria 's top football clubs in an effort to not just launder the proceeds of their criminal activity , but to launder their reputations too . Accusations of match fixing and illegal betting have led to attendances in the league to plummet as Bulgaria 's football fans desert a game which they feel has now become a symbol of corruption . Bulgarian football is , according to the cable , a dangerous thing to be involved in . "  The last three presidents of Lokomotiv Plovdiv , which has been periodically owned by the crime group VIS , have been assassinated . " Questions on corruption in Bulgarian football sent to the Bulgarian Football Union by CNN have so far remained unanswered . Sierra Leone coach implicated in drug smuggling ; currently in jail The problems that face Sierra Leone , following its brutal , bloody civil war , paint a bleak picture . To make matters worse , the country is now on the frontline of the war on drugs , with the West African state being used like many others in the region as a transit point for cocaine being shipped to Europe from South America . According to the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime , at least 50 tons of cocaine , with a street value of $ 2 billion , enters West Africa en route to Europe every year . One WikiLeaks cable entitled "  Cocaine Bust : Minister of Transportation Sacked " from August 2008 refers to a bizarre incident when an aircraft with over 700 kilograms of cocaine was found abandoned at Lungi airport . The minister for transportation , Ibrahim Kemoh Sesay , was fired after a close relative , national football team coach Mohamed Sesay , was arrested in the scandal . "  His -LSB- Mohamed 's financial -RSB- contributions during the election , according to rumor , earned the ministerial position for -LSB- Ibrahim -RSB- Kemoh Sesay and the coach the position of the national football team for himself . If the allegations are true , these positions were strategically selected and likely used to facilitate narcotics trafficking beyond this particular case . " Mohamed Sesay is currently serving a five-year jail term . "  He was team coach for the 2010 African Cup of Nations qualifiers , " Sorie Ibrahim Sesay , spokesperson for the Sierra Leone Football Association and a distant relative of both men , told CNN . "  This was a man instrumental in getting funds for the federation because of his political influence with the government ... but we had this problem and he was relieved of his duties . " President Ahmadinejad personally sacks the Iranian national coach A cable from June 2009 titled "  Iran 's First Fan : Dissatisfaction with Ahmadinejad May Extend From the Soccer Pitch to the Ballot Box , " reveals the extent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had draped himself around the national team to improve his popularity . " -LSB- Ahmadinejad -RSB- has staked a great deal of political capital in Iranian soccer , " the cable read . "  A personal fan and former player , Ahmadinejad has made several press appearances practicing with Team Melli -LSB- the national team 's nickname -RSB- ... in an effort to capitalize on soccer 's popularity with constituents . " The cable alleges that Ahmadinejad personally sacked the coach , national hero and record international goal scorer Ali Daei , in an attempt to save Iran 's faltering 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign . He also insisted that star midfielder Ali Karimi be recalled . Ahmadinejad 's faith in football was such that he believed the team had to win a vital qualifier against the UAE two days before the presidential election because he " ` can not afford a loss on the eve of the election in such a tight race . " In the end Iran beat the UAE 1-0 at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran thanks to an Ali Karimi goal . The elections ended in bloodshed a few days later . Karimi led the team onto the pitch for Iran 's final , crunch game against South Korea wearing a green armband , allegedly to show solidarity with the Green Revolution raging back home , proving that presidential patronage does n't guarantee obedience . The team drew 1-1 and never made it to South Africa . Entire Eritrea national team disappears after loss ; turn up in Australia A recent Human Rights Watch report detailed just how bad the situation is in Eritrea , with its semi-permanent state of conscription and reports of political prisoners being held in starvation conditions in underground prisons . With travel outside the country effectively banned , athletes and footballers -- the lucky few allowed to leave Eritrea -- have taken the chance to flee while on international duty . One cable from the U.S. embassy in the capital Asmara , titled Eritrea 's "  Squabbling Colonels , Fleeing Footballers , Frightened Librarians " details how the national football team , nicknamed the Red Sea Boys , took the chance to defect once they had lost to Tanzania 4-0 , opening a window on conditions in the country . "  Only the coach and an escorting colonel reportedly returned to Eritrea .  One wonders why , given their likely fate .  , " the cable said . " -LSB- President -RSB- Isaias -LSB- Afewerki -RSB- has previously claimed the CIA was luring Eritrean youth abroad ; if the soccer team has in fact defected , he will undoubted try to twist logic in some way to blame the United States . " President Afewerki denied that the team had disappeared , but 11 of the 12 players arrived safely in Australia , claiming political asylum . But , rather ominously , it looks like it will be a while before the -LSB- former -RSB- Red Sea Boys will see their families again . " -LSB- President -RSB- Isaias -LSB- Afewerki -RSB- is clever , very good at operational security , and two decades younger than Mugabe . " Football riots in Jordan highlight deep divisions A cable from July 2009 entitled "  Jordanian Soccer Game Halted Amidst Anti-Regime Chants , Hooliganism Towards Palestinians " details how a match between two of the country 's most decorated clubs , Al Faisaly and Wihdat , was called off after rioting between fans . "  Jordanian police intervened to stop fan violence and the chanting of anti-regime slogans , " explained the cable . "  The unrest began when Faisali -LSB- sic -RSB- fans started to chant slogans against Palestinian-origin Jordanians , including Queen Rania . " Al Wihdat -- once described as Palestine 's unofficial national football team by Yasser Arafat -- represents the Jordanians of Palestinian origin who make up as much as 70 % of the population . Al Faisaly represent the Hashemite Jordanians , who see themselves as the "  true " Jordanians and fear becoming a minority in their own country . Often the simmering hatred explodes during Jordan 's biggest derby match . "  The game exposed the growing rift between East Bankers -LSB- Hashemite Jordanians -RSB- and Palestinians in Jordan , " the cable concluded . "  The King 's silence on the event is noteworthy , as is a reluctance among our contacts to discuss the issue . " A few days after the cable was released the issue once again made international headlines when 250 Wihdat fans were injured during riots when Wihdat beat Faisaly 1-0 . Al Jazeera reported that police beat several fans to death . The government has since opened an enquiry into the violence .	Hundreds of thousands of cables released by WikiLeaks Football has featured prominently in many of the cables Presidents , gangsters and businessmen have all tried to harness the game 's power CNN gives you the six best WikiLeaks football stories
CNN  -- Pakistan cricket legend Imran Khan has described how the unfolding crisis in Haiti revived harrowing memories of a similar earthquake in his own region . The devastating 7.6 magnitude quake struck northern Pakistan and the divided Kashmir region in October 2005 , claiming the lives of almost 80,000 people , according to official estimates , and leaving millions homeless . Khan , who is now a prominent politician and campaigner for social issues in Pakistan , told CNN Thursday that he was left numbed by the scenes which greeted him as he traveled to some of the worst-affected areas in the aftermath . "  It was one of the most traumatic experiences I 've ever had . Just watching human suffering , he said . "  It was the children that really disturbed me ... their crushed limbs . "  There were so many people needing attention . I remember seeing makeshift hospitals where they were amputating . That was difficult to take . "  Families were torn apart as parents lost their children and children were orphaned . Whole families were caught inside buildings , while few escaped . " Khan recalled being overwhelmed by the sight of an entire town being reduced to rubble . "  We arrived in the town of Balakot and it was totally flattened . You do n't know what to do or say . So many people needing help at one time and you do n't have the infrastructure , you do n't have the hospitals to help . " Desperation grips Haitian capital Balakot was one of the worst-hit places , with one in 10 of about 20,000 residents killed , according to the local government of the Mansehra district , where the town of is located . Thousands more were injured . Pakistani authorities later planned to move the town in the country 's North West Frontier Province to a completely new location , owing to its current position on a volatile fault line . The destruction of Balakot brought home to Khan how much people had lost . "  Their livelihoods disappeared overnight , " he said . "  They had nothing , no business , money , food . "  From what I 've seen on television it 's similar to what is happening now in Haiti . Clearly they  Haiti  wo n't have the resources to cope with it , so it will require a real outside effort . " While acknowledging the importance of the international aid effort , Khan pointed to role ordinary Pakistanis played in 2005 . "  It was incredible . The government was incapacitated but there were little charities and groups forming all over the area trying to help . "  I was in an earthquake-hit area on the second day and I 'll never forget seeing a three-mile queue of people trying to get to what was a largely remote area to help with whatever they could put in their cars . "  The government was paralyzed but people came forward , from rich to poor , young to old . " He also pointed to the success volunteer networks had in adopting villages and towns , taking responsibility for providing basic shelter , food and medicine . "  Everyone took responsibility , " recalled Khan . "  Each group would look after a specific issue until the local population was able to get back on its feet . "  It 's so important that the aid effort continues months after the disaster . "	Earthquake struck northern Pakistan , divided Kashmir region in 2005 , claiming 80,000 lives Imran Khan recalled being overwhelmed by the sight of an entire town being reduced to rubble Khan : "  Their livelihoods disappeared overnight . They had nothing , no business , money , food " The politician and former cricketer said Haitians must be supported in the longer term
Even among terrorism watchers , the Algerian group Jund al Khilafa has not been a daily preoccupation . But on Sunday this obscure cell found a 55-year old French hiker , Herve Gourdel , wandering in the rugged and beautiful Djudjura National Park in central Algeria . The innocent mountaineering enthusiast provided the group with an opportunity to catapult itself onto the world stage and burnish its credentials as one of the  relatively few  jihadist groups to declare allegiance to Abu Bakr al Baghdadi and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . Its leader , Gouri Abdelmalek , had declared Jund al Khilafa 's loyalty to ISIS earlier this month ; the name means "  Soldiers of the Caliphate . "  There are other groups with the same name in Kazakhstan and Egypt . In carrying out its threat to behead Gourdel , the group said it was responding to an appeal by ISIS spokesman Muhammad al-Adnani to kill "  the spiteful and filthy French " because of their support for military action against the group . A video message showing the execution was designed to resemble those carried out by ISIS , as were the words of one of the militants , who said : "  Let the French people know that their blood is cheap for their president , and it is the same as you made the blood of the Muslim women and children cheap in Iraq and Sham  Syria  . " So does that mean that ISIS ' message spreading like wildfire across the Maghreb ? And what does Gourdel 's tragic murder tell us about a more general threat to Westerners ? Jund al Khilafa is no ISIS . It is a small splinter group of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , an al Qaeda affiliate prone to disunity . Abdelmalek , sentenced to death by Algeria in 2012 , was the commander of AQIM 's central region . By then , he 'd been an active in the militant Islamist insurgency in Algeria for 12 years . He said his fighters were abandoning AQIM because of "  the certain deviation of the methods of the mother organization al-Qaeda , and that of the Islamic Maghreb . " Jund al Khilafa holds no territory and can not threaten Algeria 's main cities -- though occasional suicide attacks can not be ruled out -- let alone launch attacks beyond Algeria . French intelligence analysts say there are plenty of such groups roaming the densely-forested mountains , beyond the authority of the state , some mixing jihad with banditry and smuggling . Their main threat is to Algerian troops : Jund al Khilafa killed 10 soldiers in an ambush in April close to where Gourdel was seized . It is not the first -- and likely will not be the last -- jihadist outfit to quit al Qaeda for the millennarian message of al Baghdadi . This week , a group of the same name in Egypt declared its allegiance to the ISIS leader as the Caliph and threatened attacks on US diplomatic missions . A group of jihadists in Yemen made the same pledge last week ; so did a group in Pakistan . So far none of the big fish among al Qaeda 's affiliates have gone over to ISIS . But in a joint statement , AQIM and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula have expressed solidarity with the people of Syria and Iraq in the face of U.S. military action -- while studiously avoiding any expression of support for ISIS . That 's not to say that smaller groups like Jund al Khilafa are irrelevant . ISIS can use their declarations as propaganda , ` evidence ' that its path is the true one and the tide is flowing in its favor . Some analysts see a "  bidding war " developing among these groups and cells , as they seek attention and support . Geoff Porter , who runs the North Africa Risk Consulting , says the murder of Gourdel poses a challenge to AQIM . "  Will it ratchet up its activities to reclaim primacy among the Maghreb 's jihadi groups ? Will it condemn the kidnapping as futile and reckless ? Will it try to pull Jund al-Khilafa back into its fold ? " he asks . And even if Jund al Khilafa 's reach is limited , other militants might be tempted to follow its example -- hence the announcement by the French government of preventive security measures Thursday in the wake of Gourdel 's killing . There is one other takeaway from the murder of Gourdel . It is another sign that an ever-growing ` arc ' of territory is now too perilous for even the most adventurous of travelers : from the Atlantic coast of Africa through the Maghreb , much of the Middle East , Somalia , Yemen and on to Pakistan . The famous Paris-to-Dakar motorized rally was abandoned in 2008 because of security threats and moved to South America ; backpackers have long since crossed the scenic Swat Valley in Pakistan off their list . More recently the fabled city of Timbuktu in Mali saw multiple abductions of Westerners by terrorist groups , excursions to St. Catherine 's monastery in Egypt 's Sinai Desert were halted earlier this year after a bomb attack , and the beautiful coastline of northern Kenya has become a virtual no-go zone thanks to raids by al Shabaab . Even well-protected commercial ventures , like the uranium mine in Niger owned by French company Aveva and the In Amenas refinery in southern Algeria , have been subject to terror attacks . Many travelers will now add to that list the breathtaking scenery of the Tizi Ouzou mountains in Algeria .	Before Sunday , the Algerian group Jund al Khilafa was little known The videotaped beheading of a French hiker changed that The group cited an appeal by ISIS spokesman Muhammad al-Adnani That appeal was for ISIS followers to kill "  the spiteful and filthy French "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Indians live with noise . Funnel-shaped loudspeakers mounted atop houses of worship blare before dawn . Painting a big "  Horn Please " sign on the rear bumpers of trucks , buses and vans muscling their way down the country 's clogged roadways is common now . Giant generators roar in neighborhoods during power outages . Residents bear the crackle of machines from factories that might be operating clandestinely in officially non-commercial areas . Rarely is a celebration -- religious or social -- held without loud music . But Indian policy-makers have prepared what they call a road map aimed at controlling pervasive noise . And one of the latest steps they have taken is to give comfort to citizens at bedtime . They have defined night in legal terms . "  The nighttime has been defined  10 p.m. to 6 a.m.  and restrictions have been imposed on the use of horns , sound-emitting construction equipments and bursting of firecrackers during nighttime , " the federal environment ministry said . It also outlined what constitutes a public place and limits sound amplification from such locations . Residents will have to keep their music below new limits , as set by amendments to the nation 's noise rules , the ministry said . Indian officials also announced noise-monitoring stations in major cities , including New Delhi , Mumbai and Bangalore , by September . Eighteen more cities will join the system by 2011 , the ministry said . "  With the new system in place , a systematic national level monitoring and reporting network in the country will be available , as in case of air and water pollution . " Environmentalists welcome the moves . Nevertheless , they see enforcement as a big challenge -- and awareness even bigger . Anumita Roychowdhury , an expert at the nonprofit Centre for Science and Environment in New Delhi , said noise violations occur despite existing laws and court orders . "  People have to develop self-discipline and authorities the capacity to monitor noise and enforce the laws to contain its high levels across the country , " Roychowdhury said . So far , both are limited , she added .	Indian policy-makers have defined nighttime to control pervasive noise Residents will have to keep their noise below new limits Noise-monitoring stations to be installed in major cities like New Delhi , and Mumbai by September
CNN  -- President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping just announced a major agreement to cut carbon emissions in both countries and tackle global warming over the coming decades . As the news site Vox puts it , "  This is a big deal . " It 's a big deal for citizens of both countries who will literally breathe easier due to reduced pollution . It 's a big deal for the future of our planet . And it 's even a big deal for Republicans , who had used inaction on the part of China to justify not doing anything about climate change here at home . And yet Republican leaders , many of whom remain inexplicably skeptical of the conclusive science about climate change , insist they will use their new congressional majority to try to obstruct clean air and water regulations enacted by the Environmental Protection Agency . For added measure , they will try to force President Obama to approve the construction of the Keystone pipeline extension . They will , apparently , be joined by centrist Democrats like Sen. Mary Landrieu , facing a tough run-off election for her seat in Louisiana in December . In other words , just as China is finally taking a significant step forward in reducing climate change emissions , the United States risks taking two steps back . China 's economic growth already exceeds ours , and the International Monetary Fund has projected that in 2016 China will overtake America as the world 's biggest economy . China has already passed the United States in the share of the world 's college enrollment , producing more than twice as many college graduates each year . Will China also beat the United States in the race to address climate change and profit from doing so ? The Keystone XL pipeline is a great test case . The disastrous environmental impact of the pipeline is obvious . Simply mining the tar sands -- let alone consuming the actual oil down the road -- will release an incredible amount of carbon into the atmosphere . Then the thick tar sands crude would go into the 1,179 mile long Keystone XL pipeline , winding past family farms and playgrounds and lakes and water reservoirs as it makes its way from Canada to Texas . The current Keystone pipeline , which runs from Canada to the Midwest , leaked a record 12 times just in its first year of operation . Even if you 're a conservative who does n't believe the vast majority of the world 's scientists agree that climate change is both real and man-made , hopefully you still believe in facts . And the facts suggest that the Keystone XL pipeline is a bad deal not just for America 's environment but also for our economy . In 2008 , in its original application to the State Department seeking pipeline approval , the company TransCanada said the Keystone XL pipeline would involve "  a peak workforce of approximately 3,500 to 4,200 construction personnel . " But by 2011 , when the pipeline project had become controversial , TransCanada told a House subcommittee the project would create 20,000 jobs . TransCanada and the American Petroleum Institute have also alleged that an additional 119,000 jobs would be directly or indirectly created by the pipeline . Yet an independent academic study found the project would indeed create "  no more than 2,500-4 ,650 temporary direct construction jobs for two years " and that , in fact , spills and the cost of damage from the pipeline could kill more jobs than it creates in the long term . Well , at least the pipeline would help working families in America by lowing gas prices , right ? Wrong . According to analysis by both CNN and Bloomberg , the pipeline would actually raise gas prices by creating a way for oil produced in the Midwest to make it to coastal refineries for exporting . What the Keystone XL pipeline clearly would do is divert investment away from renewable energy -- and investments in renewable energy produce more bang for the buck . Every $ 1 million invested in fossil fuels creates just 5.3 jobs while the same amount invested in clean energy creates 16.7 jobs . In other words , if America builds the Keystone XL pipeline , not only are we not getting a lot of short-term jobs out of the deal and risking the economic cost of crude spills , but we 're failing to put investment into green energy opportunity that will yield far more jobs now and in the future . It 's plain to see which choice makes sense not only for our planet but for our economy and working families . Earlier this year , the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate released a report detailing that over the next 15 years , worldwide efforts to limit carbon emissions would cost about $ 4 trillion , which is about 5 % more than would already be spent on infrastructure upgrades to power plants and public transit and other systems . But once you factor in things like lower fuel costs plus fewer deaths from pollution and lower medical bills , this greening actually saves money . But what it also does is create big potential to make money from the companies -- and countries -- leading the way . Solar technology alone generates over $ 100 billion per year in revenues worldwide , a figure steadily climbing . Currently , China makes 64 % of the world 's solar panels and their production is expected to double by 2017 . The United States is lagging behind in this and other rapidly expanding green markets . There was a time when Republicans openly accepted the realities of climate change and championed public policy solutions . Now the issue has become yet another partisan football . Projects like the Keystone XL pipeline are championed by conservatives not because they make any rational or economic sense but because they are convenient symbols for protesting climate science and President Obama . Meanwhile , as Republicans bury their heads in the sand , China has an eye toward the future . If we do n't catch up and take real steps to join the green energy future now , America risks being left behind -- drowning in a crude-like pool of our own economic irrelevance .	Sally Kohn : The U.S.-China agreement to cut carbon emissions is a big deal Kohn : Republicans need to wake up to the fact that global warming is real and man-made She says the Keystone XL pipeline would be bad for climate and U.S. economy Kohn : GOP should n't treat climate change as partisan football and set U.S. behind
CNN  -- The chairman of one of India 's fastest-growing banks , the sister of a Bollywood actor , a Times of India journalist and the chief of India 's Anti-Terrorism Squad were among Indians killed in the four-day terrorist siege in Mumbai . National Security Guard troops salute slain commando Gajendra Singh on Saturday in New Delhi , India . Eighteen foreigners , including five Americans , were killed in attacks on nine sites Wednesday through Saturday in India 's commercial capital ; at least 165 Indians died . Several news outlets reported that Ashok Kapur , chairman of Yes Bank , was killed Wednesday at the Oberoi hotel . He had gone there to have dinner with his wife and some friends , who escaped the carnage , the Indian newspaper Business Standard reported . His body was found not in the restaurant but on the hotel 's 19th floor , a bank spokesperson told the paper . Kapur was one of the founders of the bank and held a 12 percent stake in it , Business Standard said . His long banking career included ventures in Singapore and the Netherlands , and he was an adviser to India 's wealthy Tata family , the paper reported . Bollywood actor Ashish Chowdhury 's sister , Monica Chhabaria , and her husband also were killed Wednesday at the Oberoi , CNN-IBN reported . The actor waited outside the hotel for word of his sister , who he said had stopped answering phone calls after the siege began . Chowdhury has appeared in numerous Indian films . He had a small role in the U.S. film "  Fight Club , " starring Brad Pitt . The body of Sabina Sehgal Saikia , a Times of India consulting editor and food critic , was recovered Saturday from the Taj hotel , CNN-IBN reported . As the terrorists were seizing control of the hotel , Saikia had sent a text message to hotel employees saying , " They are in my bathroom , " CNN-IBN said . She was not heard from again . Hotel staff were also among the many dead . Boris Rego , a management trainee at the Taj Mahal hotel , was killed Thursday , his brother told CNN-IBN . Kevin Rego said his 25-year-old brother was working in the hotel 's restaurant when gunmen barged in and opened fire . Boris made several phone calls to his family in Goa , the last one coming in about 2:30 p.m. Thursday , Kevin Rego told CNN-IBN . "  There was commotion in the background . All he said was ` Daddy ... Kevin ... Kevin . ' Then his voice trailed off , and there was silence , " his brother said . The chairman of the company that owns the Taj told said the hotel 's general manager lost his family in a fire the broke out in the hotel Wednesday night . "  I went up to him today , and he said , ` Sir , we are going to beat this . We are going to build this Taj back into what it was , ' " Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . The bodies of Karambir Kang 's wife and two children of were burned beyond recognition in the fire , The Times of India reported , citing hotel sources , but it was unclear whether they were killed in the blaze . Thousands turned out Saturday in Mumbai for the funeral of Hemant Karkare , chief of Maharashtra state 's Anti-Terrorism Squad , who was shot to death Wednesday as the siege unfolded . He was one of at least 17 police officers who died in the attacks . Karkare 's cremation was delayed while his two daughters made their way home from the United States and England , The Times of India reported . A military funeral was held Saturday in Bangalore for Maj. Sandeep Unnikrishnan , a National Security Guard commando who was killed at the Taj hotel , The Times of India reported . iReport.com : Share tributes to those lost The body of another Security Guard officer , Gajendra Singh , was taken to New Delhi before being transported for last rights in his native Dehradun , The Times reported . He was killed at Mumbai 's Chabad House , a Jewish community center where American-born rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg and his Israeli wife , Rivka , were killed along with another American rabbi , Leibish Teitelbaum . IBN listed the other slain police officers as :	NEW : Hotel employee , Taj GM 's wife and two sons reported dead Ashok Kapur , chairman of Yes Bank , reported killed at Oberoi Hotel Body of Sabina Sehgal Saikia , Times of India consulting editor , found Hemant Karkare , chief of Anti-Terrorism Squad , among 17 police killed
CNN  -- Now , this is a weird one . On Wednesday , Manti Te'o was a well-liked college football star . A day later , he was the butt of the latest Internet fad -- posting pictures of yourself with your arm around an imaginary girlfriend . They call it "  Te'oing . " The nation was abuzz Thursday with talk of Te'o after the sports website Deadspin reported Wednesday that the girlfriend Te'o said died as his team marched toward the BCS National Championship Game not only did n't die -- she never existed . Te'o , 21 , said Wednesday that he 'd been tricked into an online relationship that ended with him being told the woman had died from leukemia . He said he 'd been taken in by a "  sick joke . " Notre Dame said Te'o was the victim of an "  elaborate hoax . " The Manti Te'o hoax , in 30 posts But many fans , sports experts and media critics took to the airwaves and the Internet , questioning that someone could pull the wool over Te'o 's eyes for so long , and saying he had to be in on it . "  The level of hoax would have to be so elaborate that it really would strain credulity , " said Howard Kurtz , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " and Newsweek 's Washington bureau chief . The media also took its share of lumps , with Kurtz and others questioning why reporters covering Te'o 's emotional tale did n't do more to check the young linebacker 's story . Meanwhile , the story became overnight social media sensation , spawning a seemingly endless discussion of the whys and hows of the baffling case . And while none of those commenters claimed to have any inside knowledge , the Heisman Trophy was front and center in many of those theories . Te'o was among the top candidates for the trophy , which goes to the best college football player in the United States . He did not win . "  Manti Teo faked having a girlfriend for Heisman Votes !!!!! " tweeted Cliff Harris , one of many outraged fans to voice the sentiment . Opinion : Te'o tale a mirror to our gullibility ? Others said such a plan would need years of impractical planning . "  He most likely did n't make it up . To make it up , he 'd have to have been scheming enough to make it just elaborate enough and just the right story to get people to pay attention , " said a commenter using the handle Choo on a CNN.com story . "  He 'd also have to have known that he would have played really well the exact game that she "  died . " He 'd also have to be  unfazed  by it all . He 'd also have to have the ability to lie straight-faced . I just do n't think he is that smart or sneaky . " Eddie George is a Heisman Trophy-winning former Ohio State running back and NFL star . He met Te'o at the Heisman ceremony and said he thought he was a good kid . Asked to comment on the echo chamber online , George said , "  I ca n't believe that it could be . " He added , "  If it turns out that this was done for recognition and to get publicity for the Heisman , that would be despicable , deplorable . " The Heisman is a carefully choreographed mating dance . Even before a season starts , universities erect billboards and create media strategies to announce to the world that they have an athlete worthy of the game 's most prestigious trophy . Timeline : How the story unfolded While touchdowns and tackles are still the determining factors , a good storyline helps . And Te'o 's heart-wrenching tale of determination in the face of two tragedies -- the death of his grandmother and his girlfriend within hours -- had all the elements . It reached its apex on September 15 when he led the Fighting Irish to a 20-3 thrashing of Michigan State . He credited the deaths in propelling him in the game in which he had 12 tackles , the most he had all season . "  I will be honest , throughout the game you are still thinking about it , but football allows me to be in a little realm , a little world that I know , " he said afterward . "  I can honor them by the way I played . It was for them , for my girl and my grandma , and for all my loved ones who have passed on . " Sports fans lapped it up . He was a hero with a halo . Until , that is , the article appeared on Deadspin , the same site that in 2010 published explicit pictures allegedly sent by NFL quarterback Brett Favre to a New York Jets sideline host . Now , he 's the butt of jokes and the center of swirling questions about whether he or someone else is behind the hoax . Opinion : Does Te'o story make you laugh or cry ? Deadspin said it had traced the hoax to a former classmate of the woman whose face appears in the Twitter profile of Te'o 's alleged girlfriend . The woman , according to Deadspin , had no knowledge of the hoax but said she recalled the classmate asking her to send him photos of herself similar to those used in the profile . Te'o did not answer a call to his room at a Florida training facility , where he is preparing for the NFL combine . CNN has not been able to locate the man Deadspin named in its article as being behind the hoax . However , Te'o tried to clear up some of the speculation with a statement Wednesday . "  This is incredibly embarrassing to talk about , but over several months I developed an emotional relationship with a woman I met online , " he said . "  We maintained what I thought to be an authentic relationship by communicating frequently online and on the phone , and I grew to care deeply about her . "  To realize that I was the victim of what was apparently someone 's sick joke and constant lies was , and is , painful and humiliating . " But David Haugh , a Chicago Tribune sports columnist , said Te'o has more explaining to do . "  It does n't add up . Obviously the explanation , it bears further explanation , " Haugh said . "  I think you want to hear from Manti Te'o himself beyond the statement . Because if he is truly a victim of a cruel hoax , as Notre Dame put it , then he has nothing to hide . " Te'o in his own words	NEW : "  Te'oing " -- picturing a person with an imaginary girlfriend -- becomes a fad Some are questioning whether the girlfriend story was made up for publicity "  I ca n't believe that it could be , " says Eddie George , a Heisman trophy winner Te'o says he was the victim of a "  sick joke "
New York  CNN  -- It came as no surprise to anyone who is a baseball fan that last year on September 28 a flurry of articles marked the 50th anniversary of Ted Williams ' final game . Williams ended his career as few major leaguers do , with a home run in his final at bat . But this year as we approach the 51st anniversary of the game that ended Williams ' career in 1960 , it is time to turn our attention to novelist John Updike . It is the story Updike wrote for the New Yorker , "  Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu , " that has allowed Williams ' last hurrah to take on a life of its own and that last year prompted critic Charles McGrath to argue that "  Hub Fans " is "  probably the most celebrated baseball essay ever . " Thanks to Updike , Williams ' last home run is far better known than his even more remarkable feat -- which took place exactly 70 years ago this month -- of going six for eight on the final day of the 1941 season to lift his average to .406 and become the last man in baseball to hit .400 . Like Updike , I was at Williams ' final game . I cut the graduate school poetry class I normally went to three afternoons a week for the chance to see Williams end his career . I had expected to get stuck sitting in the center field bleachers , but Fenway Park was not even half filled . Only 10,454 fans showed up for the game with the Baltimore Orioles . The Red Sox were a seventh-place ball club in 1960 , and even for Ted Williams , most Bostonians were unwilling to take off work on a Wednesday afternoon so gloomy that in the sixth inning the stadium lights were turned on . I got good seats along the third base line , and in the fifth inning I was able to move down to the field boxes next to the visitors ' dugout . The ushers could not have cared less . Before the game Williams was honored with a Paul Revere silver bowl and speeches from Boston 's mayor and Red Sox television announcer Curt Gowdy , but the ceremonies felt perfunctory . Like the small Fenway Park crowd , they reflected Boston 's divided view of Ted Williams . He was someone to admire but not to love , and in his final game he stayed true to form . In his last time at bat in an otherwise meaningless game , Williams pulled his miracle . In the eighth inning on the third pitch to him , he hit a towering home run to right field that cleared the Red Sox bullpen with plenty to spare . It was the 521st home run in a baseball career that had been interrupted by service as a Marine pilot during World War II and the Korean War . The home run was the perfect stage exit , but as Williams trotted around the bases with his head down , he made no effort to dwell on the drama of the moment . Once in the Red Sox dugout , he refused to come out despite the chants of "  We want Ted , " and when at the start of the ninth inning manager Mike Higgins sent Williams out to his left field position , then instantly replaced him , he jogged back to the Red Sox dugout with his eyes firmly on the ground . As he had done since the end of his first year in the major leagues , Williams refused to tip his hat to the applauding fans . The Ted Williams whom Updike describes is a man divided between pride in his craft and determination to avoid making himself vulnerable to the whims of fans . But what sets Williams apart in Updike 's account is that his internal and external struggles have taken place before thousands in stadiums across the country . In his role as a marquee athlete , he has not had privacy since his rookie year of 1939 . As much as our contemporary culture will allow , Ted Williams is a man of mythic dimensions , In Updike 's story , ironically titled to sound as if it belonged on the sports page , Williams is both "  Achilles , the hero of incomparable powers and beauty , " and a figure who at rest looks like "  Donatello 's David . " But always he is larger than life . Circling the bases following his home run , Williams moves for Updike "  like a feather caught in a vortex . " Updike was able to capture more than any of us saw that afternoon at Fenway Park , and with the passage of time , his story of Ted Williams ' final game has become more powerful than the original experience . Updike 's account is all that thousands who were never at Fenway Park that fall afternoon , and who now outnumber those of us there , know of the heights on which Williams left the game . If Williams is our Achilles , then Updike is our Homer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : This year marks 70th anniversary of Ted Williams ' .400 season Mills says John Updike told lyrical story of Williams ' final game Williams hit a homerun in his last at bat , delighting a sparse crowd Williams declined to acknowledge the cheers of the fans
CNN  -- In 2013 , events such as the U.S. government shutdown , hot-button issues such as marriage equality and ramped-up debates about privacy and surveillance made headlines and caught readers ' attention . Many of the perspectives published by CNN Opinion were shared widely on social media . Here are some of the most shared op-eds from the year . Dan Riffle : Marijuana is safer than alcohol For more than 80 years , our government has spent tens of billions of taxpayer dollars fighting a war against marijuana . We arrest three-quarters of a million adults every year , 87 % for simple possession rather than production or sales of marijuana . Courtrooms turn into assembly lines churning out probationers -- mostly minorities -- with convictions that will make it almost impossible to find employment . The result ? Marijuana is universally available , used by almost half of Americans at some point in their lives , and we 've enriched murderous drug cartels fueling violence in Mexico that has claimed more than 60,000 lives . Read more ... Dan Riffle is a former assistant prosecutor and the director of federal policies at the Marijuana Policy Project , the primary financial backer of the 2012 campaign to regulate marijuana in Colorado . Note : On the subject of marijuana , Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's opinion piece in the CNN Health section was hugely popular : Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Why I changed my mind on weed I was too dismissive of the loud chorus of legitimate patients whose symptoms improved on cannabis . Instead , I lumped them with the high-visibility malingerers , just looking to get high . I mistakenly believed the Drug Enforcement Agency listed marijuana as a schedule 1 substance because of sound scientific proof . Surely , they must have quality reasoning as to why marijuana is in the category of the most dangerous drugs that have "  no accepted medicinal use and a high potential for abuse . " They did n't have the science to support that claim , and I now know that when it comes to marijuana neither of those things are true . It does n't have a high potential for abuse , and there are very legitimate medical applications . Read more ... Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a practicing neurosurgeon , is the multiple EmmyÂ ® - award winning chief medical correspondent for CNN . LZ Granderson : The courage of teachers Each day more than 55 million students attend the country 's 130,000 schools . Each day , parents and guardians entrust some 7 million teachers with the education of our children . And on a normal day , that is all we expect teachers to do -- teach . But on those not-so normal days , we are reminded that for six hours a day and more , five days a week , teaching is not the only thing teachers are charged with doing . On those not-so-normal days , we are reminded that teachers are also asked to be surrogate parents , protectors , heroes . Read more ... LZ Granderson , who writes a weekly column for CNN.com , was named journalist of the year by the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association and was a 2011 Online Journalism Award finalist for commentary . He is a senior writer and columnist for ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com . Follow him on Twitter @locs_n_laughs . Bruce Schneier : The Internet is a surveillance state Welcome to a world where Google knows exactly what sort of porn you all like , and more about your interests than your spouse does . Welcome to a world where your cell phone company knows exactly where you are all the time . Welcome to the end of private conversations , because increasingly your conversations are conducted by e-mail , text or social networking sites . And welcome to a world where all of this , and everything else that you do or is done on a computer , is saved , correlated , studied , passed around from company to company without your knowledge or consent ; and where the government accesses it at will without a warrant . Welcome to an Internet without privacy , and we 've ended up here with hardly a fight . Read more ... Bruce Schneier is a security technologist and author of "  Liars and Outliers : Enabling the Trust Society Needs to Survive . " Hanna Rosin : Men dither while women lead in the world The pictures in the news , day after day , tell the story : House Speaker John Boehner looks like he has n't slept in weeks . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell looks like he swallowed a lemon . Sen. Ted Cruz looks bizarrely smug while the world crumbles around him , and President Barack Obama can only shake his head and loosen his collar . The only Washington type who was smiling on the front page of the newspaper this week was Janet Yellen , newly nominated by Obama to be the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve , and anointed by one observer as the most powerful woman in world history . Oh , and there was one other person smiling in Washington : Christine Lagarde , chief of the International Monetary Fund , who was in the U.S. capital for the organization 's annual meeting and who said just about the only sensible thing anyone in town has said all week on the debt ceiling crisis : "  I hope that in a few weeks ' time , we will look back and say , ` What a waste of time that was . ' " Read more ... Hanna Rosin is the author of "  The End of Men : And the Rise of Women , " now out in paperback . She is co-founder of Slate 's DoubleX , a Web magazine about women issues . John Sutter : The most unequal place in America Many people in Lake Providence , Louisiana , never will climb out of poverty . The tools simply are n't available . Only 9 % of kids from the bottom fifth of the earners in Lake Providence will make it into the top fifth , according to research from Harvard University and the University of California , Berkeley . America has tried to create systems that are designed to ferry people from one side of the lake to the other , or to at least stop them from sinking further . Government programs help pay for health insurance and day care . Food stamps have kept families from going hungry . And public schools have proved to be one of the best routes out of poverty . In Lake Providence , however , the education system seems to underscore class divisions . Kids from the north side of the lake go to Briarfield Academy . Mascot : the Rebels . Graduation rate : 100 % . It has no formal scholarship program , its principal said . On the south , there 's only one public high school . Mascot : the Panthers . Graduation rate : 72.5 % . Read more ... John D. Sutter is a columnist for CNN Opinion and head of CNN 's Change the List project . Follow him on Twitter , Facebook or Google + . E-mail him at ctl@cnn.com . Matt Bors : The generation we love to dump Can we stop worrying about Millennials yet ? Can we ? Maybe ? I know it 's very scary to be reminded that you are aging , but older people can probably stop pretending young people are going to destroy the planet . We got this .  By the way , thanks for leaving it in tip-top shape . Those of us born between 1980 and 2000 are not nearly as God-awful as the writers who constantly profile our tech-addled , be-hipstered people would have you believe . Read more ... Matt Bors was born in 1983 and was a 2012 Pulitzer Prize finalist in editorial cartooning . He regularly tweets stuff on Twitter and has a new book out : "  Life Begins at Incorporation . " David Rothkopf : President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it Hillary Clinton is likely to be the next Democratic presidential nominee because she is the best-known active Democratic politician , because she has repeatedly triumphed over adversity and because she has made herself well-liked at a time that politicians are typically viewed with contempt . But she is likely to be the next president , the first woman to be president of the United States , because of the quality of her character and her work on behalf of the American people . With some luck , she will use the next two years to restore her energy and prepare for what lies ahead . Because regardless of what political party in which you may find yourself , it is hard to deny that she elevates our political discourse in ways that few , if any , others do on the contemporary stage . Read more ... David Rothkopf writes regularly for CNN.com . He is CEO and editor-at-large of the FP Group , publishers of Foreign Policy magazine , and a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Follow him on Twitter at @djrothkopf . Suze Orman : Gay Americans pay more taxes for fewer rights We all have 83-year-old Edith Windsor to thank for in pushing the issue of same-sex marriage equality on to the national front . Edie and her partner , Thea , were together for 40 years . How many marriages do you know that have lasted that long ? But when Thea died in 2009 , Edie was hit with a $ 363,000 federal estate tax bill because as a same-sex couple , they were not eligible for the unlimited marital deduction . Are we really a nation that says it is fair and just to demand Edie pay a $ 363,000 penalty because she is gay ? Read more ... Suze Orman is a personal finance expert and hosts "  The Suze Orman Show " on CNBC . She is a best-selling author of ten books , including "  The Money Class . " Bob Greene : Taxpayers , you deserve your money back We pay federal income tax with one solitary and bedrock expectation : We are handing our money over so that the federal government will run . Some people may not like how the government operates ; some may not care for a particular president or a particular member of Congress or a particular government program . We accept that , as we pay our taxes . We pay those taxes because we have to . We know that we do n't get to withhold those taxes just because we may dislike some of the people or programs the taxes are funding . But when we are told that the government has been shut down -- that it has been closed for business -- that 's different . We paid for that service . We had no choice . Read more ... CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose 25 books include "  Late Edition : A Love Story " ; "  Duty : A Father , His Son , and the Man Who Won the War " ; and "  Once Upon a Town : The Miracle of the North Platte Canteen . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	CNN Opinion rounds up ten of the most shared pieces of 2013 LZ Granderson : On not-so normal days , teachers are also asked to be heroes Bruce Schneier : Welcome to an Internet without privacy ; we 're here with hardly a fight David Rothkopf : Hillary Clinton is likely to be the next president of the U.S.
CNN  -- Six days after official election results awarded him victory in Iran 's presidential elections and four days after he compared the putative losers to fans of a losing soccer team , unleashing a wave of fury in his country , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said in a broadcast aired Thursday his remarks had been taken out of context . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad complained Thursday that earlier comments had been taken out of context . "  I was addressing those who started riots and set up fires and attacked people , " he told the state-run news agency IRINN in an interview . "  I said these -LSB- people -RSB- are nothing , they are not even part of the nation of Iran . They are alien in relation to Iran . " Ahmadinejad said that the official results , which gave him an overwhelming margin of victory that many Iranians are challenging as rigged , mean that "  everybody is victorious ... We are a big family , and we have to put our hands together . " In Sunday 's remarks to a rally at Vali-e Asr Square in Tehran , he said , "  The Iranian nation is united . In a football match , there are 50,000 to 70,000 spectators . Those whose team has lost are angry and will do anything to vent their anger . Forty million people participated in the elections in Iran . They themselves were the players , and they determined -LSB- the outcome -RSB- . "  Now four or five dirt or dust creeping from the corners may do something . But you must know that the pure river that is the Iranian nation will not allow them to put themselves on display . " His reference to unhappy Iranians as "  dirt " or "  dust " was seen by many as particularly galling , and he offered a qualified apology on Thursday . "  I am sorry about the degree of accuracy of the news that some publicize , " he said . "  The very clear statement of the president is being distorted . " He said that he had noted that all 40 million Iranians had emerged as victorious in the elections , not just those who may have voted for him . And he attempted to include supporters of Mir Hossein Moussavi , the opposition leader who reportedly lost , in his embrace . "  These all are victors of the election forum ; they are all dear , " he said . "  We are all brothers . And I even said the road is open . Everyone should come . And nobody has the right to ask anybody else whom did you vote for . This means this is how much the government cares for the rights of the people . " Watch report on online sites that support Ahmadinejad " He added , "  I am sorry that some people base their movements and political activities on these rumors that are basically untrue , and I hope this will be corrected . " Key religious conservatives have publicly complained of Ahmadinejad 's treatment of the protesters in rallies demanding a new vote . Watch the latest from the streets of Tehran " One of the critics was Habibolah Asgharoladi , a senior member of a key conservative voting bloc allied with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , which represents Tehran 's influential bazaar merchant class . Asgharoladi has accused Ahmadinejad of treating the pro-Moussavi demonstrators improperly and urged him to treat them with more respect . These developments marked an extraordinary rebuke to Ahmadinejad and a rare public airing of the existing rift among ruling conservatives . Watch report on conservatives ' reaction " Other segments of Iranian society are planning to hold rallies , including the Association of Combatant Clerics . The group of influential clerics has requested permission to demonstrate on the streets of Tehran on Saturday , Iran 's government-funded Press TV reported . Khamenei has asked the authority , the Guardian Council , to recount some of the votes . But Moussavi and his supporters are demanding fresh elections .	Ahmadinejad 's comparison of election losers to soccer fans unleashed wave of fury "  I was addressing those who started riots and set up fires , " he says in broadcast President of Iran attempts to embrace opponents : "  These all are victors " Key conservatives have complained of Ahmadinejad 's treatment of protesters
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- The trial for seven people accused of manslaughter in connection to an earthquake that killed more than 300 people in the Italian city of L'Aquila was pushed back Saturday to mid-October . The seven -- six scientists from the Italian National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology  INGV  and a member of the Civil Protection Agency -- were members of a governmental panel that prosecutors accuse of giving a "  rough , generic and ineffective assessment of the seismic risk " before the earthquake struck in April 2009 . The seven , members of a so-called "  major risks " panel , published "  inaccurate , incomplete and contradictory information about the dangers of seismic activity undermining the protection of the population , " prosecutors have said . The attorney for defendant Enzo Boschi , then-president of the INGV in Rome , told CNN Saturday that the defense had asked for a postponement of 20 days to study new documents and videos submitted by the prosecution . The court 's next hearing was scheduled for October 15 . Only two defendants , Bernardo De Bernardinis , then vice-director of the Civil Protection Agency , and Mauro Dolce , head of the seismic office at the agency , appeared in court Saturday . Professor Domenico Giardini , current president of the INGV , told CNN the trial was not about science but about the way information was communicated . "  Since people have died , it 's necessary to give an answer to the question , ` could some of the deaths have been avoided ? ' " he said . "  The trial is basically on that , on the number of weak points in the communication chain . " He said parallels could be drawn between what happened in L'Aquila and elsewhere in the world , such as Japan . "  We all have to work on new , and more clear , protocols , on the transfer of information , " he said . His colleagues on trial were "  among the best scientists in the world , " he added , but had taken on an extra responsibility by their presence on the major risks commission . The city of L'Aquila has requested 50 million euros  $ 68 million  in compensation over the quake . The Civil Protection Agency had organized a meeting of the major risks panel in L'Aquila on March 31 , 2009 , amid concern among the city 's residents over ongoing seismic activity . After that meeting some members of the commission made reassuring statements to the press . Six days later , the magnitude-6 .3 quake hit the city and surrounding areas , causing wide destruction and loss of life . The American Association for the Advancement of Science  AAAS  wrote to Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano in June last year to express "  concern " over the indictment of its Italian colleagues . The American Geophysical Union  AGU  also published a statement last year in which it said the criminal charges brought against the seven accused were "  unfounded . " "  Despite decades of scientific research in Italy and in the rest of the world , it is not yet possible to accurately and consistently predict the timing , location , and magnitude of earthquakes before they occur , " the AGU statement said . "  It is thus incorrect to assume that the L'Aquila earthquake should have been predicted . The charges may also harm international efforts to understand natural disasters and mitigate associated risk , because risk of litigation will discourage scientists and officials from advising their government or even working in the field of seismology and seismic risk assessment . " Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	A senior Italian scientist says the trial is about how information was relayed Six scientists and a government official are charged over the 2009 quake Prosecutors say they gave misleading information about the risks The tremor killed more than 300 people and caused huge damage
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British singer Leona Lewis was "  understandably shaken " after a man attacked her during a book signing in central London Wednesday afternoon , a spokeswoman for her record label said . Leona Lewis was signing copies of her book "  Dreams " when a man assaulted her , police say . A 29-year-old man was arrested after he punched Lewis at the Waterstones bookstore in Piccadilly Circus at 4:36 p.m.  10:36 a.m. ET  , according to a Scotland Yard statement . She was signing copies of her new autobiography "  Dreams " when the "  unprovoked attack " happened , said Sarah Weinstein Dennison of the RCA Music Group . "  The police were called immediately , and medical attention has been sought , " Dennison said . "  Leona is understandably shaken and apologizes to the fans she was unable to meet and complete signings . " There was no information released on how seriously she was hurt . The police statement said the man was arrested on "  suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm . " "  He is currently in custody at a central London police station , " police said . Lewis , 24 , got a career boost when she won the music talent competition on British television show "  The X Factor " in 2006 . She got three Grammy nominations last year based on her debut album , "  Spirit . " Her second album , "  Echo , " is set for release next month , according to her Web site .	British singer was signing copies of her book at London store A man is accused of punching her , police say Lewis won Britain 's "  X Factor " show in 2006 ; her new album is out next month
SLEEPY EYE , Minnesota  CNN  -- A 13-year-old Minnesota boy whose family has rejected chemotherapy to treat his cancer is with his mother near Los Angeles , California , and they may be planning to travel to Mexico , authorities said Wednesday . Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February . Brown County Sheriff Rich Offmann cited "  reliable information " in making the announcement to reporters , adding that Colleen Hauser may be seeking treatment for her son 's lymphoma just south of San Diego , California , in Mexico . "  I 'm confident we will find them , " Offmann said . "  I 'm hoping for Daniel 's sake we will find them . " Anthony Hauser , Colleen 's husband and the boy 's father , has been cooperating with law enforcement , Offmann said . Earlier Wednesday the boy 's father said he believed his son and his wife had already left the country . "  I will say this : I have left a call to where I think they could possibly be , " Anthony Hauser said from his home in Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , about 85 miles southwest of Minneapolis . Asked whether he believes that they have gone to Canada , he said , "  I 'm not saying it 's Canada . You know , that is n't where I left my call . " He made his comments a day after a Minnesota judge issued an arrest warrant for Colleen Hauser , who failed to appear with the boy at a court hearing . A judge scheduled the hearing to review an X-ray ordered by the court to assess whether Daniel Hauser 's Hodgkin 's lymphoma was worsening . A doctor testified at the hearing that the X-ray showed "  significant worsening . " In a news release , the Brown County Sheriff 's Office said the father had been "  cooperative " in helping them find his son but added , "  the investigators can not speculate on the sincerity of the information that Anthony Hauser has provided . " The sheriff 's office has been in touch with the FBI , and the boy has been entered in the Missing and Exploited Children network , it said . Anthony Hauser testified at the hearing that he last saw his wife at the family 's farm on Monday night , when she told him she was going to leave "  for a time . " He later said he would like his wife and son to return . "  I 'd like to tell them , you know , ` Come back and be safe and be a family again , ' " he said . "  That 's what I 'd like to tell them . " Watch father urge the pair to come back " District Judge John R. Rodenberg of Brown County , Minnesota , said the boy 's "  best interests " require him to receive medical care . His family opposes the proposed course of treatment , which includes chemotherapy . "  It is imperative that Daniel receive the attention of an oncologist as soon as possible , " the judge wrote . During Tuesday 's hearing , Dr. James Joyce testified that he had seen the boy and his mother on Monday at his office . He said the boy had "  an enlarged lymph node " near his right clavicle and that the X-ray showed "  significant worsening " of a mass in his chest . In addition , the boy complained of "  extreme pain " at the site where a port had been inserted to deliver an initial round of chemotherapy . The pain was "  most likely caused by the tumor or mass pressing on the port , " testified Joyce , who called the X-ray "  fairly dramatic " evidence that the cancer was worsening . Watch CNN 's Dr. Gupta discuss Daniel 's chances " Rodenberg ordered custody of the boy transferred to Brown County Family Services and issued a contempt order for the mother . Philip Elbert , Daniel 's court-appointed attorney , said he considers his client to have a "  diminished capacity " for reasons of his age and the illness and that he thinks Daniel should be treated by a cancer specialist . Elbert added that he does not think Daniel -- who , according to court papers , can not read -- has enough information to make an informed decision regarding his treatment . Daniel 's symptoms of persistent cough , fatigue and swollen lymph nodes were diagnosed in January as Hodgkin 's lymphoma . In February , the cancer responded well to an initial round of chemotherapy , but the treatment 's side effects concerned the boy 's parents , who then opted not to pursue further chemo and instead sought out other medical opinions . Court documents show that doctors estimated the boy 's chance of five-year remission with more chemotherapy and possibly radiation at 80 percent to 95 percent . But the family opted for a holistic medical treatment based upon Native American healing practices called Nemenhah and rejected further treatment . In a written statement issued last week , an attorney for the parents said they "  believe that the injection of chemotherapy into Danny Hauser amounts to an assault upon his body , and torture when it occurs over a long period of time . " Medical ethicists say parents generally have a legal right to make decisions for their children , but there is a limit . "  You have a right , but not an open-ended right , " Arthur Caplan , director of the center for bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania , said last week . "  You ca n't compromise the life of your child . " CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Police think mom , son may be headed toward Mexico Dad says he called where he thinks they could be , wo n't say if it 's Canada "  Come back and be safe and be a family , " Anthony Hauser urges wife and son 13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court say
CNN  -- The tobacco industry was once a well-funded behemoth in American politics , and while Big Tobacco 's power is slowly eroding , its influence is far from gone . Once President Obama signs the new tobacco bill , the tobacco industry will be subject to federal regulation . President Obama on Monday signed a bill that gives the Food and Drug Administration power to regulate the manufacturing , marketing and sale of tobacco . Anti-tobacco activists champion the legislation as a historic step forward for public health , but even some who have fought tobacco concede that the tobacco companies scored some wins in the final legislation . "  It 's a great victory for the public health community , but I would not overestimate the demise of the tobacco industry and their ability to lobby , " said Paul G. Billings , vice president of national policy and advocacy for the American Lung Association . In the past century , the tobacco industry has been distinctive in its ability to avoid coming under the authority of the FDA , while almost every other consumer product has been subject to federal regulation . Congress voted in 1965 to require all cigarette packages to carry warning labels , a warning that was made under the surgeon general 's name five years later . The legislation Congress approved this month , known as the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act , would give the FDA power to ban candy and fruit-flavored cigarettes , widely considered appealing to first-time smokers , including youths . It would prohibit tobacco companies from using terms such as "  low tar , " "  light " or "  mild , " require larger warning labels on packages that show pictures of the effects of tobacco use and restrict advertising of tobacco products . It also would require tobacco companies to reduce levels of nicotine in cigarettes . Similar legislation , introduced by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , more than a decade ago , failed to make it through Congress . Patrick Reynolds , whose grandfather founded the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , said the passage of the bill "  marks the diminished clout of the tobacco lobby on the Hill . " Stanton Glantz , a longtime anti-tobacco advocate and director of the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at the University of California , San Francisco , said the public health community has made "  gigantic progress " over the past few decades , but he sees the FDA bill as a win for Philip Morris USA , the nation 's biggest cigarette company . At last week 's annual National Conference on Tobacco or Health , a large anti-tobacco gathering , in Phoenix , Arizona , Glantz said only about half of the room applauded when it was announced that the legislation passed . "  People were talking about making lemonade out of lemons , " he said . "  Basically , the public health people cut a deal with Philip Morris . " Philip Morris , which is owned by Altria Group Inc. , was the only major tobacco company to endorse the legislation , although the company has expressed some First Amendment reservations about parts of it . Glantz argues that the legislation legitimizes the tobacco industry at a time when "  legitimacy was being lost . " His biggest complaint : The bill creates a 12-member advisory board through which all regulations will flow . Tobacco industry representatives will hold three nonvoting seats . "  Putting three guys on this committee would be a little bit like putting three mobsters on the Department of Justice committee on organized crime , " Glantz said , echoing the sentiment of other strong tobacco-control advocates . R.J. Reynolds said one of its early objections to the legislation was that Philip Morris had a role in crafting it . "  The only way a company can grow is at the expense of another , " said Maura Payne , vice president of communications for Reynolds American Inc. . Philip Morris argues the bill wo n't create a commercial advantage for it and instead will create a framework for an emerging market of "  reduced-harm products . " "  For adults who use tobacco products who want to avoid the health risks of smoking , the best thing for them to do is quit , " said William Phelps , a spokesman for Altria . "  Our goal would be to design the best products that we can and then , under federal authority , make those products available to adults who do not quit . "	President Obama signs bill putting tobacco under FDA legislation The bill is a win for Philip Morris , anti-tobacco advocate says Grandson of R.J. Reynolds founder : Bill marks "  diminished clout " of tobacco lobby
CNN  -- Four days of heavy rains triggered a landslide that killed 12 children and eight adults near Mount Kilimanjaro in northern Tanzania , authorities said Friday . Five of the children were under six , said Suzan Kaganda , a police department spokeswoman . The death toll could go up as rescue crews search the area for people reported missing , Kaganda said . Most victims of the late Tuesday landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name , Kaganda said . The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction . U.N. officials warned last month that east Africa is facing mudslides , crop destruction and waterborne diseases as a result of heavy downpour triggered by El Nino weather patterns . Most east African countries have been water-starved in the past few years , exacerbating the results of floods , because a lot of greenery disappeared in the drought .	Most victims of the landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name U.N. warned east Africa is facing mudslides , crop destruction and waterborne diseases related to El Nino weather patterns The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction
On Wednesday , al Qaeda 's virulent Yemeni affiliate which is known as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  confirmed the death of the group 's deputy leader and co-founder , Saeed al-Shihri , in a video message posted to jihadist websites . It was a confirmation of what was long suspected : that Shihri was killed in a U.S. drone strike several months ago . And it also amounted to a concession that the al Qaeda affiliate is under an enormous amount of pressure . In the past three years more than 30 al Qaeda leaders and other senior operatives in Yemen have been killed by U.S. drone strikes , according to a count by the New America Foundation . The militants killed by those drone strikes included Anwar al-Awlaki , the fiery Yemeni-American preacher who served as a key ideologue for the group and has been an inspiration for a wide range of militants living in the West , including the Tsarnaev brothers who are accused of bombing the Boston Marathon in April . Not all of the drone strikes in Yemen have found their targets . New America Foundation 's review of reliable media reporting of those strikes found that somewhere between 38 and 71 of the casualties were civilians , which included Awlaki 's 16-year-old son . A Yemeni tribal leader close to AQAP says the drone strikes have sown mistrust within the group , where there is "  a feeling that the Americans have infiltrated its ranks , especially with the killing of several of its leaders . " Al-Shihri , a Saudi who spent six years at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , was first reported killed in January . The Yemeni government quickly confirmed Shihri 's death , but until now AQAP had denied it . AQAP 's video message confirming Shihri 's death was delivered by Ibrahim al-Rubaish , another Saudi who was also formerly held at Guantanamo Bay . In the 11Â 1/2 - minute video , which we have reviewed , Rubaish gushes about Shihri 's devotion to al Qaeda 's cause . Rubaish says Shihri was "  searching for martyrdom , " trumpeting his combat against U.S. forces in Afghanistan where he suffered serious injuries to his hands and legs , and lost an eye . Shihri was released from Guantanamo in November 2007 , and entered a Saudi rehabilitation program and was then released . Rubaish says Shihri subsequently planned an attack on the U.S. Embassy in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , which killed 10 Yemeni policemen and civilians . But Shihri grew complacent . "  Lax security measures during his telephone calls enabled the enemy to identify and kill him , " Rubaish declared in his eulogy . Shihri 's death in the U.S. drone strike is part of larger story of AQAP decline over the past two years . In 2011 , AQAP had gained significant territory in Yemen as it exploited the popular uprising against longtime Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh . Its core membership grew from approximately 300 members in 2009 to around 1,000 three years later , according to Gregory Johnsen , the author of the authoritative book "  The Last Refuge : Yemen , al-Qaeda , and America 's War in Arabia " . But the jihadist group lost all of these gains within about a year . An offensive by the Yemeni army that was supported by U.S. intelligence last year pushed AQAP out of the central Yemeni province of Abyan , forcing AQAP 's fighters to flee to the remote desert province of Hadramaut . The group has since been reduced to carrying out much smaller attacks ; nothing compared to the massive suicide bombing it was able to conduct in the heart of the Yemeni capital in May 2012 , which killed upwards of 100 soldiers as they rehearsed for a military parade . And despite its focus on attacking U.S. targets , AQAP has not tried to attack one since its October 2010 attempt to plant bombs hidden in printer cartridges on cargo planes destined for the United States .  Last year AQAP plotted to send an operative with explosives in his underwear aboard a plane bound for the United States , but that operative was actually secretly working for the British and Saudi intelligence services , so the plot was never a real threat . Despite all the losses AQAP has suffered its capable chief bomb maker , Ibrahim al-Asiri , remains at large . Al-Asiri was the brains behind AQAP 's failed "  underwear bomb " attempt to bring down a Detroit-bound U.S. airliner on Christmas Day 2009 . AQAP 's overall leader , Nasser al-Wuhayshi also remains at large , Wuhayshi is AQAP 's founder and his continued survival is surely important for the organization . AQAP could regenerate , particularly if Yemen sees more upheaval , but for now , the group is on the run from the Yemeni army and U.S. drone strikes , fearful of spies in its midst , is unable to launch large-scale attacks , and boasts a dwindling cadre of leaders . AQAP , in short , is struggling to survive .	Al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen confirms death of a key leader Peter Bergen says it amounts to a concession that the group is in deep trouble Militants in Yemen were riding high in 2011 , but drone campaign has set them back , he says Bergen : Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is struggling to survive
CNN  -- Think back to that prehistoric era before the internet existed . Around this time every year the dreadful reality of Christmas shopping would dawn : you would soon have no choice but to face the music and that music would be none other than a hypnotic rendition of Jingle Bells following you into every store , turning you into yet another mall zombie like the rest of them . Today , with the modern miracle that is e-commerce , most of us buy many of our gifts via computer without a single festive melody or human interaction . It may be a welcome modernization for consumers , but does it take a little magic out of the whole experience ? Now , with an innovative new hybrid shopping concept , we 'll be able to enjoy aspects of both worlds . This season sees the advent of ` digital storefronts ' , giant touchscreen store windows where customers can browse through a retailer 's items with a single swipe . Once they find something they can hit the ` order ' button and a link will be sent to their mobile phone , allowing them to pay through PayPal or with a credit or debit card . "  It  brings the best of online and new technologies to the physical world , " says Steve Yankovich , vice president of innovation and new ventures at eBay , who have recently partnered with retail experience firm Westfield Labs to launch a series of digital storefronts at the Westfield San Francisco Center . Retailers Sony , TOMS and Rebecca Minkoff have all set up ` Connected Glass ' points in the mall , which provide customers with a virtual shop within a real mall . Of the three , only Sony has a physical outlet there . "  The Digital Storefronts in Westfield San Francisco Centre are a great alternative to empty spaces in the mall . The opportunity is for brands to expand their footprint by offering vertical shopping experiences . Connected glass does n't require a square footage retail space . Therefore , it allows retailers to have a presence in areas with heavy foot traffic , where a square footage retail space would n't be possible or affordable , " said Yankovich . Of course , with digital storefronts you still have to make the time to visit , but once you do you get all the benefits of quick browsing and purchasing that are often lacking in a traditional store . This way , shoppers can scroll through goods and have them sent to a pick-up point or delivered to their door , mostly with free delivery and in some cases on the same day . New York design outfit Kate Spade also recently collaborated with the online retailer , to connect their digital storefront to an option similar to eBay 's same day delivery service , eBay Now , which delivers items in about an hour from the time of purchase . The company 's ` Connected Glass ' technology could be widely installed on unused surfaces in the future , particularly in busy airports and train stations . Monday this week was ` Green Monday , ' normally eBay 's busiest sales day of the year .	eBay introduces digital storefronts that converge online and offline shopping Giant touchscreen windows installed in Westfield San Francisco Center Shoppers can browse products , order and have them delivered to their door for free
We 're not done yet . That was the message terrorists of Al-Shabaab gave to Kenya on Wednesday , as officials still sorted through rubble and clues left in the wake of the recent massacre that took 67 lives at a Nairobi shopping mall . Read more : How does Al-Shabaab get its money ? The Somali militant group handed the threatening statement to regional media , which passed it on to CNN . For four days , starting on September 21 , Al-Shabaab fighters spread gunfire and flames through Nairobi 's Westgate Shopping Mall , leaving it partially destroyed , stained in blood and littered with bodies . CNN 's Zain Verjee : I ca n't get image of Westgate bodies out of my mind Members of Kenya 's government were mute about what they had seen inside after emerging from an inspection there earlier this week . CNN learned that the Westgate mall attackers tortured some of the hostages . Military doctors said militants severed hands , cut off noses and , in some cases , hanged hostages . CNN has seen photographic evidence of one dead victim with a hand amputated . In the coming days and weeks , members of Parliament are expected to grill intelligence officials to find out more about how the attack occurred . Forewarned ? A number of Kenya 's Cabinet members and defense officials were warned about the possibility that Al-Shabaab was planning to carry out such an attack a year before gunman stormed the Nairobi mall , according to several police and intelligence sources . The warnings were made by the country 's National Intelligence Service as part of regular situational reports given to Cabinet members , the inspector general of police , members of the National Security Advisory Council and military intelligence officials . CNN has seen an electronic version of those reports , which contain an extensive list of terror threats from several regions across Kenya over an extended period , but they also specify Al-Shabaab posed a threat to several targets , including Westgate Shopping Mall . The news about the intelligence warnings comes amid revelations that the mall favored by Westerners and tourists was long considered a possible terror target . Kenyans debate : Time to get troops out to Somalia ? Al-Shabaab made statements claiming responsibility , including saying on Twitter that it sent the gunmen in retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in an African Union military effort against the group , which is al Qaeda 's proxy in Somalia . Kenyan forces killed five terrorists , and 11 others are in custody over possible links to the attacks , President Uhuru Kenyatta has said . But an immense amount of work remains to learn how Al-Shabaab was able to pull off such a well-coordinated and brazen attack . The terror group was thought to be badly bruised by recent losses in its Somalian homeland . Kenyan military intervention Last year , the Kenyan military was part of a peacekeeping force that defeated Al-Shabaab forces to liberate the key Somali port of Kismayo . Since Kenya launched attacks against Al-Shabaab in Somalia in 2011 , the group has hurled grenades at Kenyan churches , bus stops and other public places . The mall attack was the deadliest terror attack in Kenya since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy there in 1998 , killing 213 people . Terrorism experts say the attack bears eerie similarities to the 2008 siege of a hotel in Mumbai , India , another upscale target with Western appeal . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistani terrorist group , held the hotel for more than three days , killing 166 people .	The Somali terrorism group al-Shabaab issued a threatening statement to Kenya Wednesday Al-Shabaab fighters held the mall for four days Kenyan forces say they killed five terrorists and took at least 11 into custody
CNN Student News  -- October 21 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Libya New York City & Los Angeles Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Washington  CNN  -- A House panel voted Thursday to subpoena the White House for documents related to the solar energy company Solyndra . The House Energy and Commerce Committee 's subcommittee on oversight and investigations voted along party lines , 14 to 9 , in favor of issuing the subpoenas for internal documents regarding the decision to issue more than half a billion dollars in federal loan guarantees in 2010 to Solyndra , which later filed for bankruptcy . The decision followed a contentious debate among subcommittee members , with Republicans accusing the Obama administration of stonewalling , and some Democrats calling the subpoena resolution politically motivated . Rep. Cliff Stearns , the Republican chairman of the subcommittee , said the White House Office of Management and Budget earlier this year "  repeatedly failed to cooperate with our investigation and we agreed to put off a vote on that subpoena " in hopes that engaging the White House could avoid the need for subpoenas . "  Only after repeated failed attempts to engage the White House did the committee notify the White House " that it intended to discuss possible subpoenas , Stearns said . "  This finally got the attention of the White House counsel , " who then met with lawmakers Wednesday , he said . "  Unfortunately , the White House was unable or unwilling to answer even the most basic questions . " Democrats slammed the subcommittee 's move , though some acknowledged the White House could be more forthcoming with information in the case . Veteran Rep. John Dingell , D-Michigan , said after the vote : "  I 've never seen a procedure quite like this . " "  We are protesting here a sweeping subpoena , " he said . Since Republicans have "  been able to find nothing " wrong in what they 've looked at so far , they have "  increased the size of the net and reduced the size of the holes in the net as they go about this fishing expedition . " The White House accused the House panel of choosing "  a partisan route . " "  This administration has cooperated extensively with the committee 's investigation by producing over 85,000 pages of documents , including 20,000 pages produced just yesterday afternoon , " White House spokesman Eric Schultz said in a statement . "  Administration officials have participated in multiple briefings and hearings , and the White House has also already provided over 900 pages of documents in response to requests we have received . And all of the materials that have been disclosed affirm what we said on day one : this was a merit-based decision made by the Department of Energy . " Schultz called the subpoenas "  unprecedented and unwarranted . " Federal analysts looking at the proposed Solyndra loan in 2009 warned then of possible problems , as well as pressure from the White House to speed up a decision , according to a memorandum released last month by congressional investigators . Approved in May 2010 , the Energy Department 's loan allowed Solyndra to build a factory in Fremont , California , to produce state-of-the-art solar panels . Solyndra filed for bankruptcy in late August and closed its doors , however , putting more than 1,000 people out of work after it received $ 535 million in loan guarantees . The bankruptcy leaves the federal government unlikely to get the loan money back . President Barack Obama touted the company in a widely publicized visit last year . A source familiar with the congressional investigation said the White House has provided e-mail communications with details about who at the White House was looped in on the deal while red flags were being raised about the financial soundness of the company . White House Chief of Staff William Daley announced last week that he is ordering a 60-day independent review of the state of the Energy Department 's loan portfolio . The review will include recommendations about how to improve the loan monitoring process . The review will be headed by Herb Allison , a veteran of both the Obama and last Bush administrations who oversaw the Troubled Asset Relief Program  TARP  , among other things . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Josh Levs and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : White House : The "  unprecedented " subpoenas are part of a "  partisan " effort Stearns : The White House is "  unable or unwilling " to answer basic questions The House subcommittee voted on party lines in favor of subpoenas Federal analysts looking at the Solyndra loan in 2009 warned of possible problems
CNN  -- Well , that 's one way to crowdsource . "  Parks and Recreation " star Aziz Ansari tweeted Sunday that he was bored on a flight , and what followed had all of the makings of a Hollywood movie . The comic questioned why there has never been a film about a haunted plane : "  Would n't that be dope ? " He then started tweeting ideas and a script for a project he dubbed "  Ghost Plane . " Quicker than you could say "  I 'll make you a star , " #GhostPlane took off . "  Dude . For real . Is any studios into GHOST PLANE ? I can make it cheap . It 's all one location . Just the plane , " Ansari tweeted . The idea goes like this , according to Ansari 's tweets : "  Open on Indian guy RAJ  Aziz Ansari  saying bye to his parents . He gets on the plane . But this plane is actually a GHOST PLANE . #GhostPlane . " "  Raj uses the plane washroom pre-takeoff . He sees a face in the mirror . ` This might be a ghost ' he thinks ... #GhostPlane , " the actor added . Do n't even worry about casting . There 's a role for Jennifer Lawrence as "  Flight attendant Anne " and fellow Academy Award winner Tom Hanks as "  The Captain . " But our favorite character might be embodied in this tweet : "  A mysterious man in a hoodie : ` If you want to stop the dolls . You need my help . ' He lifts the hood : ITS LIAM NEESON AS HIMSELF ! #GhostPlane . " Because of course it 's Liam freaking Neeson . Fans were really into it . On person tweeted , "  Now I ca n't sleep because @azizansari is telling the most magnificent story #GhostPlane " while another said , "  A studio needs to pick up @azizansari 's #GhostPlane IMMEDIATELY . If not we 'll just make a kickstarter . It 'll be cheap . " We will have to wait to see how it all pans out . Ansari said , "  Sorry everyone . #GhostPlane is on pause . I just got home and have to be up early to shoot Parks . I 'll try to finish this sometime . " What a cliffhanger .	Comedian and actor Aziz Ansari got bored on a flight Sunday He started tweeting ideas for a film about a haunted plane Unfortunately , the tale ended on a cliffhanger
SINGAPORE  CNN  -- Hundreds of customers flocked to the Singapore office of troubled insurer American International Group Inc.  AIG  on Wednesday , many hoping to pull their investments and policies from the company . People in Singapore queue outside the office of AIA , a subsidiary of AIG . The crowd formed just hours after the U.S. Federal Reserve Board authorized the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to lend $ 85 billion to a crumbling AIG . In return , the federal government will receive a nearly 80 percent stake in the company . One person who lined up in Singapore , retired teacher Wong Yoke Inn , said she was going to pull her investments from AIA even though it would cost her about $ 3,000 -- the equivalent of about $ 2,000 in the United States . She joined an orderly crowd whose members were each given a number and a time to return to meet with a representative of AIA Singapore -- AIG 's division in the island nation . AIA tried to allay investors concerns in a statement distributed outside the Singapore office and posted on the company 's Web site . "  AIA Singapore has more than sufficient capital and reserves ... to meet our obligations to policyholders , " the statement said . "  The funds maintained in Singapore are segregated from American International Group , Inc.  AIG  and are held specifically for the purpose of meeting our obligations to policyholders . " The U.S. government announced Tuesday night that it would act to save America 's largest insurer from filing for bankruptcy . Such a move almost certainly would have further roiled world markets already reeling from the bankruptcy filling of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch to Bank of America . AIG has $ 1.1 trillion in assets and 74 million clients in 130 countries .	Hundreds queue outside AIG subsidiary in Singapore following news of U.S. bailout U.S. Fed announces $ 85 billion loan to one of world 's largest insurers Singapore offices try to ease worries of policyholders
New details fueled debate Monday over security at the upcoming Winter Olympic Games in Sochi : Wanted posters of a terrorism suspect on the loose , warships at the ready and a video threat from beyond the grave . Russian President Vladimir Putin stressed that his country has stepped up security and is prepared to handle any threats . But some U.S. lawmakers -- and at least one Olympic athlete -- have said they 're worried about the situation . Hotels warned about terror suspect Police in Sochi have handed out fliers at area hotels warning of a woman they believe could be a terrorist and who may currently be in the city . One flier , obtained by CNN , asks workers to be on the lookout for Ruzanna "  Salima " Ibragimova , described as the widow of a member of a militant group from the Caucasus region . The woman , according to the flier , may be involved in organizing "  a terrorist act within the 2014 Olympic region . " CNN obtained a copy of the flier , which is dated January 15 , from security staff at a hotel in Sochi . The flier claims authorities have received information about Ibragimova 's possible arrival in the region last week . Photos of Ibragimova have flooded television and social media reports from Sochi . Some describe her as a "  black widow " -- a notorious type of terrorist that 's emerged in Russia 's clashes with Chechen separatists . Many of them are wives of insurgents killed by government forces , and they 've been blamed for high-profile suicide bombings . Security experts stressed Monday that the woman is likely one of many suspects authorities are trying to find . "  I guarantee they 're talking about this one black widow , " former CIA officer Mike Baker said , "  but there are others that they 're also worried about . " Video threat emerges amid security concerns Official : U.S. military at the ready as contingency plan The U.S. military will have up to two warships and several transport aircraft on standby under a contingency plan to help evacuate American officials and athletes from the Winter Olympics , if ordered , a U.S. official said Monday . The State Department would take the lead in organizing and evacuating Americans , if necessary , the official with direct knowledge of the plan told CNN . Moscow would have to ask for such assistance before the United States would act , the official said . But planes and ships are clearly there "  if something happens like a major terrorist attack and we need to get Americans out , " the official said . U.S. contingency planning calls for warships to launch helicopters to Sochi from the Black Sea . C-17 transport aircraft would be on standby in Germany and could be on the scene in about two hours . Other aircraft contracted to the State Department would also play a role in any emergency . A video threat from beyond the grave In a video that surfaced Sunday , two young men believed to have been suicide bombers in last month 's back-to-back bombings in the Russian city of Volgograd made an ominous promise . "  We 've prepared a present for you and all tourists who 'll come over , " the video says . "  If you will hold the Olympics , you 'll get a present from us for the Muslim blood that 's been spilled . " The video was posted on a well-known jihadi forum website Sunday and apparently was recorded before the Volgograd attacks , which targeted a train station and a trolley bus and claimed the lives of more than 30 people . Report : 7 militants killed in Dagestan counterterror operation Putin pledges stepped up security Putin has pledged that visitors to Sochi for the Winter Olympics will be kept safe . Russia has plenty of experience in keeping international events secure , Putin said , pointing to the G8 and G20 summits as examples . Access to Sochi is under heavy restriction ahead of the games , and Putin said Sunday in an interview with half a dozen Russian and international broadcasters that about 40,000 members of Russia 's police and security forces would be guarding events . Security analysts have warned that terrorists targeting the Games may try to strike elsewhere in Russia during the Olympics . Putin says gays ` can feel safe ' at games U.S. lawmakers : Games wo n't be safe U.S. Sen. Angus King , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said he would n't go to the Games himself , "  and I do n't think I would send my family . " Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , also called on the Russian government to be more cooperative with the United States on intelligence sharing ahead of the Games . "  Their level of concern is great , but we do n't seem to be getting all of the information we need to protect our athletes in the Games . I think this needs to change , and it should change soon , " Rogers said . U.S. lawmakers : Winter Olympics are n't safe In recent weeks , U.S. law enforcement agents have been conducting interviews with people in the United States with ties in the Caucasus region , CNN has learned . The region , which includes Dagestan and Chechnya , has been the scene of unrest and is in southern Russia , hundreds of miles from the venue of the Games . The interviews are informational and do not mean there are any particular threats being investigated , a U.S. official said . Law enforcement officials do "  knock and talk " visits to meet people and to identify any potential issues . FBI agents conducted similar visits after last year 's attack at the Boston Marathon . When asked whether he thought Americans would be safe at the Games , former CIA and NSA director Michael Hayden said he trusts Russia 's ability to provide security . "  I think Americans will be quite safe , " he said . Will security concerns impact athletes ? Over the weekend , at least one Olympic athlete said he was worried . "  My concerns with Sochi is safety in a way , because it 's in a crazy war zone in a way , " French snowboarder Xavier de la Rue said . "  It 's in the middle of all these countries that want to kill Russia , so it 's just scary 'cause I know that we 're going to be a target in a way , although they do very well their job at keeping it safe but yeah , that 's something that scares me a bit . " Tara Lipinski , who won a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics and will be attending this year 's games , said she feels safe -- and hopes competitors will , too . "  There have been so many threats at the Olympics , " she told CNN Monday . "  I think athletes are used to that , and they know that , OK , we 're going to hear about this . But when we go , we have people that are surrounding us and telling us where we should be and where we should n't be . And hopefully they do feel safe . " CNN National Security Analyst Frances Fragos Townsend described the security climate in Sochi as "  the most dangerous threatened environment that we 've seen for the Olympics . " But she said competitors should n't have to worry . "  They 'll go to real extremes to protect the athletes and the venues . ... There 's a big falloff , though , when you talk about the families and the tourists , " Townsend said . "  There really is , I think , a far greater vulnerability . "	Police fliers warn that a terror suspect could be in Sochi Official : Ships and aircraft will be ready to evacuate Americans if necessary Video on jihadist website threatens Winter Olympics next month Russian President Vladimir Putin says Olympics will be safe
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela said a lot of great things . But after his death , he 's being widely credited on social media with a phrase he did n't utter . Amid the deluge of tributes to South Africa 's first black president , who died Thursday aged 95 , many Twitter users were paying homage to Mandela by posting the following quote : "  Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . " They attributed the words to Mandela , but as The New York Times reported more than two years ago , the words actually come from a bestselling book by self-help author and spiritual teacher Marianne Williamson . The misattribution to Mandela was already well established in 2011 , The Times says , and how he came to be given credit for the quote "  remains a mystery . " His death has now prompted a revival in the mistaken citation . Despite efforts to dispel the confusion , tweets linking Mandela to the quote were still chugging along at a steady rate early Friday , blending in with the array of memorable phrases he really said . Paris Hilton angered by fake tweet Mandela 's death also sparked a more malicious type of misquoting . A Twitter account under the name @DeletedTweets posted a tweet purporting to be from Paris Hilton in which she appeared to misattribute the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech to Mandela . But Hilton later fired back angrily , tweeting , "  Whoever made that stupid fake tweet lacks respect to the loss the world is mourning right now . Same goes for all the blogs who ran with it . " Her real tribute to Mandela ? "  He was a true Hero & the world is a better place because of him . May he rest in peace . " By early Friday , the @DeletedTweets account appeared to be inactive . Misquotes of public and historical figures are nothing new . In 1989 , two academics published "  They Never Said It : A Book of Fake Quotes , Misquotes and Misleading Attributions . " In the extended exercise in debunking , Paul F. Boller and John George attempted to put paid to misleading myths that had grown up around words linked in the popular consciousness to people like Winston Churchill and George Washington . ` Mangled to meme ' But since then , the Internet has dramatically increased the velocity at which such falsities spread . After the killing of Osama bin Laden in May 2011 , words incorrectly attributed to King and Mark Twain quickly snowballed on social media . The phrases were being used by people to express discomfort with celebrations of bin Laden 's death . In an online inquest into what happened with the mistaken King quote , Megan McArdle of The Atlantic remarked that "  the speed of dissemination is breathtaking : mangled to meme in less than two days . " She also noted the resilience of false quotes . "  Fake quotations are pithier , more dramatic , more on point , than the things people usually say in real life , " she wrote . "  It 's not surprising that they are often the survivors of the evolutionary battle for mindshare . " Some people are using the Internet to try to fight back against rampant misattributions to major figures . The website fakebuddhaquotes.com says it 's dedicated to sorting true from false , around 2,500 years after the Buddha 's time on earth . Those who would like to keep Mandela 's real remarks separate from the fake ones have a long road ahead .	Mandela 's death appears to have prompted a revival of the false attribution Paris Hilton slams a fake Mandela tweet purporting to be from her
CNN  -- Katt Williams ' aggressive behavior at a Seattle bar and an odd exchange with police landed the comedian in jail Sunday , police said . Williams "  exchanged words with patrons in the bar , brandished a pool cue at a bar manager and refused to leave the business , " and later refused to show identification to a police officer who had been called to the scene , a Seattle police news release said . The 41-year-old comic , who was in Seattle to perform his stand-up comedy show over the weekend , was booked into the King County jail on charges of assault , harassment and obstruction , police said . He was released on bond Monday morning , a jail official said . CNN requests for comment from Williams and his representative have not been answered . Officer Michael Virgilio wrote in his report that he responded to a call for police help at the World Sports Bar Sunday afternoon . The manager told him that Williams had returned to the bar after being involved in a dispute with a customer the night before , Virgilio said in his arrest report . "  I suppose you 're going to ask me to take my hands out of my pockets , huh ? " Williams said to Virgilio , according to the report . Williams refused to give his name or show an ID , but "  yelled out a  California  driver 's license number , " the officer wrote . When Virgilio warned he would arrest him for obstruction unless he produced an ID , Williams responded "  No . " The comedian then turned around and placed his hands behind his back "  on his own accord , " the arrest report said . "  Two of Williams ' associates were standing nearby and were pleading for Williams to calm down , " the officer wrote . While being handcuffed and searched , Williams "  made several comments about how he was going to sue the department , " the report said . "  He stated he had been arrested over 30 times in the last few months and every time he was released prior to being booked into jail , " Virgilio wrote . "  He made comments regarding my employment with the city of Seattle and how it would end as a result of his arrest . Williams stated he had millions of dollars and this arrest would not affect him . " After the search turned up Williams ' passport in his pocket , the officer asked why he had n't just handed it over . "  You asked for my driver 's license , " he quoted Williams saying . "  I did n't have it ! " Then , it got worse , the arrest report said . "  Williams became aggressive and resistant and his actions forced me to take him to the ground for a short period of time . He was subsequently placed in the back of my patrol car . " Williams was playing pool in the bar when Sunday 's trouble started , the report said . "  An argument began and quickly escalated . " When the manager tried to separate Williams from the couple with whom he was arguing , Williams yelled at him for "  protecting the customers from the famous guy , " Virgilio wrote . "  Williams picked up a pool stick , raised it up and pointed it at  the mananger 's  face , " the report said . "  The mananger  continued to state if he had n't stepped back the stick would have hit in the the face . " When the manager asked him to put the stick down , Williams said "  What if I do n't ? " and jabbed the stick toward him again , the report said . "  At one point during the altercation , Williams followed a family outside of the bar where , as the family got into their car , Williams flicked a cigarette through a car window at a woman , striking her just below her eye , " the police news release said . "  Williams also threw a rock at the family 's car . " Officer Virgilio said he would request additional charges against Williams , including reckless endangerment , because the rock hit a window in the family 's car , "  directly next to an 8-year-old girl . " "  Had the glass shattered or the rock had penetrated the window it could have struck and harmed the 8-year-old victim , " he said . Williams began his career as a stand-up comic , gaining attention in 1999 for comedy club appearances . Television appearances on the BET network led to more success . His 2006 HBO special "  Katt Williams : Pimp Chronicles Pt .1 " raised his profile to a higher level . He has acted in several movies , including Eddie Murphy 's "  Norbit , " and his voice is featured in several popular cartoons , including "  The Boondocks . " His often-raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Katt Williams was first arrested for refusing to give police his ID , police say A bar manager and patron say Williams threatened them after playing pool He "  flicked a cigarette through a car window at a woman , " police say The 41-year-old comic was in Seattle to perform his stand-up comedy show
CNN  -- The news editor of the Zambian newspaper The Post has gone on trial for allegedly circulating obscene material to politicians , the newspaper states on its Web site . Zambia President Rupiah Banda has branded the childbirth photos pornographic . In early June , Chansa Kabwela wrote to the country 's vice president , health minister and several non-governmental organizations to highlight problems in the country 's health-care system -- especially the problems pregnant women faced during a strike by health-care workers . In her letter , Kabwela included several photos of a woman giving birth in a parking lot outside a hospital from which she had been turned away , according to Reporters Without Borders . The country 's president , Rupiah Banda , branded the photos pornographic and called for Kabwela 's arrest and prosecution , according to the press freedom organization . "  Kabwela 's arrest is shocking and the grounds are ridiculous , " the organization said in a statement on its Web site after the arrest . Now the trial into the alleged obscene photos has begun in the Lusaka magistrate 's court , the newspaper Web site says . One of the first witnesses , Kenneth Ngosa , a senior private secretary to the vice president , told the court he was immediately disturbed by the pictures he found inside the letter , according to the paper . The Post described the courtroom as "  packed to capacity " and said "  people from all works of life including musicians and opposition political party members " had come to support Kabwela . Defense lawyer George Chisanga has asked the court to look into whether the president 's order to arrest and prosecute Kabwela could influence the course of justice . A joint statement from several Zambian media organizations , published on The Post 's Web site , calls for the government to amend the law on obscenity to clarify what constitutes obscenity and material that can corrupt morals . The statement concedes that the pictures were in bad taste , but notes that they were sent on behalf of a good cause : to end the strike . CNN efforts to obtain comment from both The Post and the Zambian government have been unsuccessful . According to the latest figures from the World Health Organization , in 2004 the mortality rate of children under 5 years old in Zambia was 182 per 1,000 live births . In the United States , under-5 mortality rate was 8 per 1,000 live births in 2006 . Skilled health personnel attended only 43 percent of childbirths in Zambia in 2002 , according to the health organization .	News editor of Zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material Chansa Kabwela sent pictures of a woman giving birth in a parking lot to President She says she wanted to highlight problems in country 's healthcare system President Banda branded the images pornographic and had Kabwela arrested
InStyle.com  -- Style , beauty and a certain je ne sais quoi is in the genes for these ultra-glamorous mother/daughter duos . Goldie Hawn and Kate Hudson Goldie made a name for herself starring in romantic comedies that highlighted her sense of humor as well as her acting chops . If that sounds familiar , it 's because it 's the same exact career trajectory her gorgeous daughter Kate Hudson chose to take . Along with loads of talent , these two also share a love for a laid-back California-girl style . Blythe Danner and Gwyneth Paltrow Acclaimed actress Blythe Danner passed along regal good looks and a whole lot of talent to her Oscar-winning daughter . The consummately chic Gwyneth Paltrow is well on her way to becoming a lifestyle guru for her generation with her tip-filled e-mail newsletter GOOP . InStyle.com : Hollywood 's hottest moms And , although her sexy ultra-minis may seem far afield from her mother 's sophisticated suits , she draws inspiration from Blythe : "  In her , I see the incredible beauty of someone who has lived a life . " Demi Moore and Rumer Willis Rumer Willis scored more than just Demi Moore 's raven locks and high cheekbones -- the up-and-coming actress has an all-access pass to her mother 's killer wardrobe . Despite this shared resource , Rumer has developed her own enviable edgy-glam style , a true departure from mom 's ever-ladylike looks . Madonna and Lourdes Leon With one of the world 's most famous women as your mom , Lourdes Leon has some pretty tall -- and expensive -- shoes to fill . But the teenager , who is helping her mum design a line of clothing for Macy 's , is out to prove she 's a creative force to be reckoned with , too . InStyle.com : Mother 's Day gifts under $ 100 "  She reminds me of me when I was younger . She just goes for it and tries different things , " Madonna said recently about Lourdes  aka Lola  . Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri Susan Sarandon and her daughter Eva Amurri have no shortage of talent or style . Eva 's racking up the acting credits with stints on Californication and How I Met Your Mother and drawing all eyes on the red carpet in boldly hued designs by pal Chris Benz . It 's no wonder Eva should befriend the fashion elite -- her mother took her to Todd Oldham and Diane von Furstenberg shows when she was just a kid . Jane Birkin and Charlotte Gainsbourg Seeing as how her mother had an Hermes bag named after her  the Birkin  , it 's no surprise that Charlotte Gainsbourg has become a style icon herself . In addition to being a popular French actress and pop singer  another hand-me-down from mom  , Charlotte is also Nicholas Ghesquiere 's muse for Balenciaga -- check her out in the house 's new fragrance campaign . Isabella Rossellini and Elettra Wiedemann As Ingrid Bergman 's daughter and granddaughter respectively , Isabella Rossellini and Elettra Wiedemann were born into serious Hollywood royalty . Both mother and daughter are also spokeswomen for Lancôme -- quite a distinction ! Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer may share the same patrician profile and wheat-blond locks , but the gifted pair are no mirror image when it comes to wardrobe . While the legendary Streep favors long , retro-inspired gowns , her ingenue daughter can be spotted out in ultra-modern little draped dresses . Mamie will have plenty of opportunities to air her style on the red carpet -- following in her prolific mom 's footsteps , she has three movies coming out this year . Bianca Jagger and Jade Jagger As a Studio 54 fixture and '70s glamazon , Bianca Jagger set more than a few trends , much like her jewelry designing daughter Jade does now . The younger Jagger also inherited her mom 's effortlessly chic style and exotic good looks . Katie Holmes and Suri Cruise The paparazzi descended as soon as little Suri was born and have yet to let up on the tot and her famous mother . InStyle.com : Suri Cruise 's cutest outfits The twosome have been spotted doing everything from going to ballet class and makeup shopping to eating ice cream together . And with a side gig as a designer , Katie is teaching her mini-me to be quite the fashionista . See more mother/daughter muses at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Susan Sarandon and her daughter Eva Amurri have no shortage of talent or style Paparazzi descended as soon as Katie Holmes ' daughter Suri Cruise was born Bianca Jagger set more than a few trends , now her daughter Jade does
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Michael Jackson collapsed at his rented mansion last month , the singer 's arms were riddled with marks and their veins had collapsed -- both characteristics found in intravenous drug users , sources told CNN on Tuesday . A source says Michael Jackson had "  paper white skin . As white as a white T-shirt . " The revelations add to the speculation that prescription drugs played a part in Jackson 's death on June 25 . The exact cause is pending toxicology results that are n't due for at least another week . A source involved with the investigation into Jackson 's death told CNN that Jackson had "  numerous track marks " on his arms -- and that those marks "  could certainly be consistent with the regular IV use of a drug , like Diprivan . " The sources did not want to be identified because the investigation is ongoing . The source said investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in the singer 's $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills , but he would not confirm whether Diprivan was among them . Watch what sources say on condition of Jackson 's body " He also cautioned that it was too soon to say whether an intravenous drip of Diprivan caused the track marks . Some appeared fresh ; others older , he said . The new ones could have resulted from the IVs that paramedics used when they tried to revive Jackson after he was found unconscious . Another source with knowledge of the case said Jackson 's veins were collapsed in both arms , suggesting frequent intravenous drug use . The first source said Jackson 's body was "  lily white from head to toe , " perhaps the result of vitiligo -- a condition that causes the skin to lose melanin and produce slowly enlarging white patches . The second source said Jackson had "  paper white skin . As white as a white T-shirt . " The singer also did not have any hair -- a lingering effect , possibly , of an accident in 1984 when Jackson suffered burns to his scalp while shooting a commercial for Pepsi . Also , said the second source , Jackson was emaciated -- despite the vigor he 's seen displaying in a taped rehearsal clip shot two nights before his death . The drug Diprivan , known by its generic name Propofol , is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a general anesthetic . Last week , a nutritionist -- Cherilyn Lee -- said Jackson pleaded for the drug despite being told of its harmful effects , because he had difficulty falling asleep . Sources close to Jackson told CNN that the insomniac singer traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during a world tour in the mid - '90s . The California state attorney general 's office is helping the Los Angeles Police Department in Jackson 's death investigation . The office confirmed it is investigating some doctors who treated Jackson over the years . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration is also looking into the role of drugs . Los Angeles police have interviewed Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They impounded Murray 's car , saying it might contain evidence , possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Through his lawyers , Murray has released several statements , saying he would not be commenting until the toxicology results from Jackson 's autopsy are released . Dr. Neil Ratner , the anesthesiologist who accompanied Jackson during the HIStory tour in the mid - '90s , also refused to comment , although he acknowledged Jackson suffered from a sleep disorder . CNN 's Susan Chun contributed to this report .	Source cites "  numerous track marks " on Jackson 's arms when medics came 2nd source says Jackson 's veins were collapsed in both arms Sources also say Jackson was emaciated , did n't have any hair Toxicology reports are at least a week away
CNN  -- Jennifer Lawrence is n't just an Oscar-winning actress . She 's now a chart-climbing singer , too . Lawrence 's song "  The Hanging Tree " from "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I " debuted at No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . That chart tracks the top 100 popular songs in the U.S. each week , and Lawrence 's single is sandwiched between Nick Jonas ' "  Jealous " and Meghan Trainor 's "  Lips Are Movin ' . " That 's not bad for an actress who 's claimed she has a "  tone-deaf " singing voice . "  I do not like singing in front of other people . That 's my biggest fear , " Lawrence told David Letterman on "  The Late Show " in November . "  I 'm , like , scarred from my childhood because I have a mother who would just tell me that I was amazing at everything and that I could do everything , and I ca n't . " Oh , but it would seem she can . According to Billboard , Lawrence is just the 13th acting Oscar winner to also notch a spot on the Hot 100 chart . She follows in the footsteps of stars like Bing Crosby , Julie Andrews , Cher , Jamie Foxx , Meryl Streep and Jennifer Hudson . "  The Hanging Tree " was written by "  Hunger Games " author Suzanne Collins and Lumineers musicians Jeremiah Fraites and Wesley Schultz . Lawrence shares a credit on the song with James Newton Howard , who provided the score for "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I. " The soundtrack for the movie , which features Lorde , Bat for Lashes , Charli XCX and CHVRCHES , is proving just as popular as Lawrence 's song . Since its debut November 17 , it 's remained in the top 10 on Billboard 's Soundtracks chart and is at No. 40 on Billboard 's Top 200 albums chart . "  Mockingjay -- Part I , " the third installment in the four-part "  Hunger Games " franchise , has also been the expected hit at the box office . It 's earned $ 231 million domestically since it opened November 21 . ` Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 ' : What 's the verdict ?	Jennifer Lawrence 's "  Hunger Games " song debuts at No. 12 Called "  The Hanging Tree , " she sings it in the latest "  Hunger Games " movie Lawrence has joked that she ca n't sing and hates doing it
Canandaigua , New York  CNN  -- "  Can you say that again ? You put a bullet through the wall in your house ? " Angela Price begins this evening at work like any , listening to troubled veterans in need of a sympathetic ear or immediate help . She reaches for a pen and paper . She 's a trained responder for the Veterans Affairs Department 's National Suicide Prevention Lifeline in the upstate New York town of Canandaigua . She asks a series of questions : "  Where 's the gun at now ? ... OK , so the gun is nowhere near you ? ... OK , I 'm glad that you 're safe , " she says , somewhat relieved but still concerned about the caller . Price is one of some 20 responders , counselors , social workers and health tech assistants staffing 15 phone lines and three chat lines at the center at any given time . She talks with the caller for 45 minutes . He shot a bullet into the wall of his house and then went for a drive . She is able to coax him to pull over , calm him down , and arrange for follow-up care . Most of the callers want information regarding mental health and other medical services available to them provided at their local VA hospitals . But for others , the call they 're making is a last resort . Each year , more than 30,000 people kill themselves , 20 percent of them veterans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That 's 18 veteran suicides a day . Every call presents another opportunity for the hot line responders to try to prevent another tragedy . The crisis center , staffed around the clock seven days a week , opened in July 2007 , largely borne from widespread criticism that the department was not responding adequately to veterans in crisis . Janet Kemp , the Veterans Administration Suicide Prevention Coordinator , says the phones have n't stopped ringing since the hot line 's inception . "  It 's about being able to provide them with immediate assistance , immediate resources , appointments . It assures that we 're not going to let them drop through the cracks after they hang up the phone , " Kemp says . Before the VA suicide prevention program began , that was n't always the case . Jim and Marianne Schulze told CNN in early 2007 that their son Jonathan , an Iraq combat veteran , killed himself in January of that year , after being told he was No. 26 on a waiting list to get checked into a VA hospital . The Schulzes said their son had been suffering with post-traumatic stress disorder for nearly two years . He died with an extension cord wrapped around his neck , a picture of his daughter by his side , they said . Six months later , the VA Suicide Prevention Lifeline opened . To date , the crisis center has received almost 250,000 calls . "  The health techs assist the counselors in getting the person the services they need at the time , " Kemp says . "  If they need emergency services or information , the health techs can pick that up , and find the person who can help them in their local area , and make those connections . " If necessary , the center arranges an emergency rescue , or in less dire circumstances , a wellness checkup at the caller 's home . The center also follows up the next day , according to Kemp . The 2010 hot line budget is more than $ 15 million , including staffing , phone and contract costs and more than $ 4 million for public messaging campaigns , according to the VA. . The center 's newest feature is a chat line for those who prefer computer-oriented communication , especially young vets such as those who served in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Since that 's been open , we 've talked to several thousand people over the chat and have been able to facilitate some rescues through that service . " Chat counselor Rich Barham recalls an incident while chatting with a Navy vet who barricaded himself in his house , with two children asleep upstairs , as he suffered flashbacks from Iraq . Barham sent help . "  When the police broke in , I heard he had a gun , and I was hoping bad things were n't going to happen to him , " Barham says . "  We were able to get his wife on the phone , and he was taken to the hospital and she was able to come home to take care of the kids . " Hot line responder Christopher Maginn is in the Army Reserves , and he just returned from serving in Afghanistan . "  For me , it 's kind of hitting two birds with one stone , because I get to work with guys that have worn the uniform , and I still wear the uniform today , so , it 's always meant a lot to me to work here , " says Maginn . Many callers are recent Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who struggle with reintegration , he said . Often , they 're too proud to pick up a phone and ask for help . The main goal is "  to listen to them , and to validate what they 're going through , and provide them services , " he said . Kemp says it 's all in an important day 's work . "  I feel lots of times it 's their last hope , their last chance , and if we can provide that little bit of hope , and get them to realize that they called and there are options , " says Kemp . "  It 's an amazing feeling . " The phone number for the hot line is 800-273-TALK  8255  . The chat line is at www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org .	Many hot line callers are young vets of Iraq , Afghanistan wars struggling with reintegration Some call for info on medical , mental health services ; others call as a last resort Center emerged from criticism that VA not properly responding to vets in crisis Hot line 's number is 800-273-8255 ; chat line available at http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
CNN  -- It would n't be Christmas without a celeb in a onesie . Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson joined "  LIVE with Kelly and Michael " hosts Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan for a little Christmas karaoke smack down on their show . The trio donned Christmas onesies and Johnson offered his version of "  Here Comes Santa Claus . " The star posted a picture of his performance on Instagram with the caption "  Here comes Santa Claus , here comes Santa Claus right down Santa Claus lane ... " #KaraokeKING #LIVEWithKellyAndMichael #ChristmasEveShow #RealGsWearOnesies . " He was n't the only one enjoying the festivities . Taylor Swift had earlier posted a selfie with her adorned tree and later tweeted "  My dad just gave me ten lint rollers for Christmas , not for lint but ` because you always have glitter all over you ' . Great start , Swifts . " Based on Beyonce 's Instagrams she 's enjoying a white Christmas with husband Jay Z , a helicopter and plenty of snow - all the better to chill the bottles of bubbly she snapped photos of buried in the white stuff . Twitter let us know that Jennifer Lawrence spent some time giving back by visiting Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville , Kentucky . Victoria 's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio posted a picture of a smooch with fiance Jamie Mazur next to their tree with the caption "  All I want for Christmas #itsthattimeoftheyear #christmas #holiday . " Kim Kardashian reminisced about past holidays by posting a picture of her and sisters Khloe and Kourtney when they were little girls , wearing their festive pajamas and nightgowns . Her caption read simply : "  Merry Christmas ! "	The Rock performed in a onesie Taylor Swift 's dad got her lint rollers Beyonce had a cold Christmas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Judge Sonia Sotomayor has spoken for years about how her experiences as a Latina woman have influenced her public and private life . Judge Sonia Sotomayor has been meeting with lawmakers in advance of her confirmation hearings . In her speeches , she often discussed her "  Latina soul " and explained how even the traditional dishes of her Puerto Rican family shaped her views . And she often said that she hoped those experiences would help her reach better judicial conclusions than someone without such a varied background might reach . The line was almost identical every time : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would , more often than not , reach a better conclusion . " That sentence , or a similar one , has appeared in speeches Sotomayor delivered in 1994 , 1999 , 2002 , 2004 and 2001 . In that speech , she included the phrase "  than a white male who has n't lived that life " at the end , which sparked cries of racism from some Republicans . Those instances were included in documents Sotomayor sent Thursday to Capitol Hill , part of her response to the lengthy questionnaire sent to her by the Senate Judiciary Committee before her Supreme Court confirmation hearing . Sotomayor supporters brought up the 1994 speech themselves , after former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , radio host Rush Limbaugh and others labeled Sotomayor a racist over the remark . Gingrich has since recanted . The supporters point out that Republicans did not object to those remarks in 1998 during Sotomayor 's confirmation to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit . Sotomayor has spent the last three days in meetings with senators on Capitol Hill answering their questions about her judicial record -- and defending those comments . While the judge has made no public comments herself about the matter , others have . See Sotomayor 's key rulings " "  She told me she had used the phrase before but that she would not be using it again , " said Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine . "  She 's clearly a very bright individual who learns from her past mistakes , " Collins said . But Collins said she was "  still uncomfortable that she -LSB- Sotomayor -RSB- made the statement , particularly as a sitting judge . " "  I can understand her explanation that it was intended to be a statement to inspire the young people to whom she was talking and that it did not reflect how she approaches cases before her , " she said . "  But that 's why I want to read more of her cases to make sure that is the case . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said after meeting with Sotomayor that the judge had told her , " ` It was a poor choice of words . If you read on and read the rest of my speech you would n't be concerned with it , but it was a poor choice of words . ' " But Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was n't mollified . "  If it was a bad choice of words , it was a bad choice of words repeatedly ... leading one to believe that it probably was n't just an isolated statement but a core belief , " he said . Sotomayor 's point -- that a person 's experiences influence how he or she sees the world -- does n't sit well with some Republicans , who believe that viewpoint means the law takes a back seat to a more nuanced judgment . It also highlights a basic difference in how many conservatives and liberals view the federal judiciary . Many conservatives seek a strict adherence to the law as it is written , while many liberals believe that the circumstances of individual cases could lead to differing decisions even if two cases appear nearly identical on the surface . CNN 's Dana Bash and Emily Sherman contributed to this report .	Sotomayor discusses her "  Latina soul , " how Puerto Rican dishes shaped her She said she hopes experiences would help her reach better judicial conclusion "  Wise Latina " comment used in 1994 , 1999 , 2002 , 2004 and 2001 speeches Sen. Feinstein : Sotomayor described remark as "  a poor choice of words "
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  The casket is draped with an American flag , and Walter Scott is dressed in a dark suit . A white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite NFL team . It says : "  Tradition , the Cowboys way . " A few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home For Funerals in Charleston , South Carolina . Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the Scott family . They are not at Friday night 's visitation , the mayor says . The stress of the past week since Scott was fatally shot in the back by a North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is too much . They went by the funeral home earlier but they are exhausted , he says . They need their privacy now and at Saturday 's funeral and burial , he says . "  This is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , " he says , adding they share the grief of their neighbors in North Charleston and with the Scott family . "  It breaks everyone 's hearts , wherever we live . " Meanwhile , police continue to investigate the incident in which Scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from Slager . On Friday afternoon , police met with a man who was in Scott 's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight . The passenger 's name was n't in a police report obtained by CNN . The passenger was detained briefly after the shooting , one officer wrote in the report . Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend . But he did not identify the friend by name , nor did Thom Berry , a South Carolina Law Enforcement Division spokesman , who confirmed Friday 's meeting . Slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge . Video shot by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back as he runs away . Slager had told investigators he feared for his safety after he and Scott tussled over his Taser . His lawyer , Andy Savage , said Friday he "  has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has . " Savage 's office said in a written statement that it has yet to receive "  any investigative documents , audio or video tapes , other than a copy of Mr. Slager 's arrest warrant . " The news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that Slager belongs to "  is no longer involved in the case . " On Thursday , dash cam video and a new witness emerged from the day Scott died . The dash cam footage shows Slager talking calmly to Scott during the traffic stop . Scott apparently says he has no insurance on the vehicle , and Slager returns to his car to do paperwork . Moments later , Scott gets out of his car and bolts . A foot chase ensues . Scott never reappears on the dash cam video , but a witness later takes video of the officer shooting Scott several times in the back as he is running away . "  Nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer 's life or the life of another was threatened , " National Urban League President Marc Morial said . "  The question here is whether the use of force was excessive . " On Thursday , a new witness emerged in the case . Gwen Nichols told CNN 's Brian Todd that she saw a scuffle between Scott and Slager at the entrance to a vacant lot . "  It was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ` What do you want ? ' or ` What did I do ? ' type of thing , " Nichols said . "  I did n't hear Mr. Slager saying : ` Stop ! ' " Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $ 18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop , according to court records . That may be why he ran , an attorney for the family said . Criminal defense attorney Paul Callan said he believes Slager 's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case . "  Defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting --  that  this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation , a physical altercation with a suspect , " Callan said . "  And that would constitute manslaughter under law , as opposed to murder , and it makes a huge difference in sentencing . " In South Carolina , a murder conviction requires a measure of premeditation . What we know about Officer Slager The investigation has been turned over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division , or SLED . In a statement released Thursday , SLED said its investigators found troubling inconsistencies from the very start . "  We believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter , " SLED Chief Mark Keel said in a statement . "  The cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions . " Feidin Santana , who took the video of the shooting , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that he was walking to work when he saw Slager on top of Scott , who was on the ground . He said he could hear the sound of a Taser in use . Santana said he did n't see Scott go after the Taser , as Slager initially claimed . He said he believes Scott was trying to get away . "  Mr. Scott never tried to fight , " Santana said . Neither the struggle nor the use of a Taser was captured on video , because Santana started recording shortly after that . His video shows Scott running away from Slager before the officer aims his gun . Slager fires eight shots toward Scott , striking him five times . A timeline of events While the initial traffic stop may have seemed to be perfectly normal and professional , and the foot chase a reasonable choice , an analyst saw little justification for that last act . "  I 'm not familiar with South Carolina police training , but I guarantee you that they do not teach to shoot a fleeing unarmed man in the back , " said Jim Bueermann , president of the Police Foundation , a Washington-based nonprofit . There are several claims in the initial police reports that are not supported in Santana 's video . And there may be more to the investigation than just whether Scott 's killing was justified , CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos said . "  If it 's determined that multiple officers attempted to cover for the shooting officer , and it 's shown that those reports were false , this will be a devastating blow for law enforcement everywhere , " he said . Who was Walter Scott ? CNN 's Polo Sandoval reported from Charleston and Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Jason Carroll and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Mourners attend visitation service for Walter Scott Police meet with man who was passenger in his car when it was pulled over Michael Slager 's lawyer says police are n't being helpful at this point
CNN  -- Malawi 's high court ruled in favor of pop superstar Madonna on Friday , saying she will be able to adopt a young girl from the country , said Zione Ntaba , a spokeswoman for the attorney general 's office . Madonna walks with her Malawian son , David Banda , in Lilongwe , Malawi , in March . "  In our judgment , " the court wrote in its ruling , "  the welfare of infant CJ will be better taken care of by having her adopted by the foreign parent rather than for her to grow up in an orphanage where she will have no family life , no love and affection of parents . " Madonna issued a statement saying she is "  extremely grateful for the Supreme Court 's ruling on my application to adopt Mercy James . I am ecstatic . ... My family and I look forward to sharing our lives with her . " The young girl at the center of the current case is Chifundo James , whose first name translates to "  mercy " in Chichewa , Malawi 's national language . Madonna , 50 , took her effort to adopt the three-year-old to Malawi 's highest court last month after a lower court ruled the adoption did not meet local law . Malawi requires applicants for adoption to have lived in the country for 18 months before they may be granted permission . That condition was waived in 2006 , when Madonna adopted another Malawian child , David Banda . Madonna has two other children who are not adopted . Mercy has lived in an orphanage for most of her life ; her teenage mother died shortly after childbirth . Meanwhile , child rights group Eye of the Child told CNN it agrees with Friday 's high court ruling . The group had earlier opposed the adoption . "  There was legal confusion about this case , " said Maxwell Matewere , executive director of Eye of the Child . "  We are happy that the high court is able now to give us direction . This provides an important precedent . " But the man believed to be the father of Chifundo told CBS 's "  The Early Show " that he did not want Madonna to adopt the young girl . "  I 'm crying . I need my baby , " James Kambewa said . "  I do n't know where I can find any help . " Kambewa told CBS that he wants to raise the child . "  I do not want my baby to be adopted because I want to take care of her and I 'm capable to take care of my baby . ... Mercy , she is a Malawian -- so  I  need her to grow as a Malawian , as well with our culture . " The court said it does not know who the girl 's father is . Madonna 's long-term charitable involvement in the country was considered when the court decided in her favor , according to the judgment . Madonna has been involved with Malawi for several years and made a documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " to highlight the poverty , AIDS and other diseases devastating children in the country . She also co-founded a nonprofit group , Raising Malawi , that provides programs to help the needy . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this story .	50-year-old singer had filed a petition to adopt Chifundo James Madonna 's application to adopt was rejected in April because of residency law She has three other children , including adopted son David Banda
CNN  -- When Barack Obama took office in 2009 , it was clear that if he could do four big things , his presidency would probably be judged a success . The first , of course , was to pull the country out of its desperate economic crisis . The second was to extricate it from the Iraq War . The third was to finally achieve comprehensive health care reform . And the fourth was to make meaningful progress on arresting global warming . This last challenge was in some ways easiest to ignore : While you were shoveling snow last month , you probably did n't feel the urgency of climate change , though according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , it was in fact the fourth-hottest January since record-keeping began . But over time , it could prove more consequential than the other three combined . Five years later , Obama 's record on it is a mixed one . He wo n't get any significant legislation on the matter passed through this Congress -- or any legislation at all , to be honest . But using the power of the presidency , he may just have a bigger impact on global warming than most anyone predicted . That 's the good news . The bad news is , it almost certainly wo n't be enough . It 's easy to forget how the political environment has changed compared with just a few years ago . Before Obama took office , it looked as though Democrats and Republicans might work together to do something about climate change . Sen. John McCain had sponsored a bill to create a cap and trade system for carbon emissions , which at the time was considered a conservative solution to the problem , as it utilized market forces to control emissions . Many other prominent Republicans supported cap and trade as well . In 2008 , Newt Gingrich and Nancy Pelosi starred together in an ad imploring the country to address climate change . Yet today , opposition to doing anything about climate change has become the default Republican position . Even though many rank-and-file Republicans understand that the planet is warming , the tea party view has come to dominate their party . Climate denialism approaches the status of gospel truth among many Republicans in Congress , and it 's echoed regularly on the major conservative media outlets , from Fox News to the most popular talk radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity . As hatred of Obama and anything he touches has become the single highest Republican value , there is zero chance that they will join in any effort to address climate change . This has left the administration with two choices : do nothing or use the executive branch 's regulatory power to reduce carbon emissions wherever it could . It chose the second path . The administration 's latest move , which the President announced Tuesday , is a new measure mandating an increase in fuel efficiency for medium - and heavy-duty trucks , which account for 20 % of carbon emissions from transportation despite making up only 4 % of all vehicles on the road . This follows on a truly historic regulation the administration created in 2012 , which will double fuel efficiency for passenger cars by 2025 , to an average of 54.5 miles per gallon . And few people remember how much the 2009 stimulus bill focused on climate change . Time magazine 's Michael Grunwald , who wrote a book about the bill , argues that it was the largest green initiative in American history , pouring $ 90 billion into clean energy technologies , energy efficiency , upgrades to the electrical grid and a whole host of other efforts that could have a significant impact on carbon emissions over time . In 2009 , the Environmental Protection Agency officially made it policy to treat carbon emissions as a danger to human health and thus subject to its regulation . This January , the EPA published emission standards for new power plants that make it all but impossible for coal plants to be built  even though few coal plants were planned , given the recent natural gas boom  . Its next task is to set new limits for the existing power plants that account for so much of our emissions . Finally , it 's clear that climate change will play a significant role in the administration 's foreign policy efforts during Obama 's second term . Secretary of State John Kerry has long been an advocate for action , and as he told an audience in Indonesia , climate change is a threat as great as terrorism , poverty or weapons proliferation . American efforts to reduce emissions will be for naught if other countries do n't take action as well -- China passed the U.S. a few years ago to become the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases and continues to build coal plants at a furious pace -- and Kerry 's tenure will be judged in no small part by how much progress he can make in this area . That all sounds like relatively good news . The administration has worked on many fronts to reduce carbon emissions , which have declined in three out of the five years Obama has been in office . That 's in part due to the fracking boom that has made natural gas competitive with coal , but many of the administration 's steps could yield significant long-term benefits . Even so , these measures will get us only a fraction of the distance we need to go in order to make a real impact on climate change . Ask a climate scientist , and you 'll get a depressing take on our future , where things like moving from coal to natural gas do only the tiniest bit to delay what could be catastrophic consequences of climate change in decades to come . NOAA has also noted that 2013 tied for the fourth-hottest year on record . So we can give Obama credit for what he 's done , and he should certainly keep trying to do more , even in the face of unceasing opposition from Republicans and well-heeled interest groups . Politics , as the old saying has it , is the art of the possible . Truly fixing the problem in a comprehensive way , given our current political environment , may never have been possible . Years from now , we 're likely to look back and say that Obama gave it a good shot . But it was n't nearly enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman says Obama wo n't get climate change legislation through Congress Opposition to anything on the issue has become default GOP position , he says Administration is left to do what it can through regulatory power , he writes Waldman says that unfortunately , it wo n't be enough in the long run
CNN  -- Four Swedish nationals will stand trial in Copenhagen Friday in what officials describe as the most serious ever Islamist terrorist plot in Scandinavia . The alleged plot , which counter-terrorism officials in the United States and Scandinavia believe was directed by al Qaeda operatives in Pakistan , targeted Jyllands Posten , the Copenhagen-based newspaper responsible for publishing controversial cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . The four persons are alleged to have planned a gun attack on the newspaper , followed by "  the execution " of hostages . The cell 's alleged plans were thwarted by a joint operation by Swedish and Danish security services , which tracked the alleged terrorists as they drove from Sweden to Denmark in December 2010 , with a submachine gun , a silencer , and several dozen 9mm submachine gun cartridges . The four persons - Mounir Dhahri , 46 , of Tunisian descent , Munir Awad , 31 , of Lebanese descent , Sahbi Zalouti , 39 , of Tunisian descent , and Omar Aboelazm , 32 , of Egyptian descent - are charged with plotting to kill a large number of people at the newspaper . They have denied the charges . Western security services believe the plot was part of a broader al Qaeda conspiracy , authorized by Osama bin Laden , to strike Europe with attacks mirroring Pakistani terrorist group Lashkar e Taiba 's Mumbai attack in November 2008 , which killed nearly 200 people . In October 2010 , the U.S. State Department issued an unprecedented travel advisory warning Americans of the potential for a similar attack in Europe . Dhahri , the suspected ringleader of the cell , Awad , and Zalouti had all travelled to Pakistan in early 2010 . Awad and Zalouti - travelling separately - were arrested by Pakistani authorities in August 2010 before they could reach North Waziristan and were subsequently deported , according to a Swedish counterterrorism source . Dhahri evaded capture , and he is believed to have received training in Pakistan and then went to Sweden shortly before the group allegedly began to plot their attack , according to the source . Awad , the Lebanese-born suspect , had long been on the radar screen of Swedish counter-terrorism services . He was suspected of having joined up with jihadist militants in Somalia in 2006 , before fleeing the country when Ethiopian troops launched a military operation against Islamist militants there , according to a Danish security source . By October 2010 , Swedish security services had begun tracking the cell , placing listening devices in their apartments . A Swedish counter-terrorism source told CNN the group only settled on attacking the newspaper shortly before the planned attack , and often squabbled . On the evening of December 28 , 2010 , three of the alleged cell members set off from Stockholm in a silver Toyota rental car with Dhahri at the wheel . Security services continuously monitored the progress of their vehicle , including from the air . Zalouti bailed from the journey at the last minute , and was later arrested in Stockholm , according to court documents . It was just after 2 a.m. when their vehicle crossed the iconic Oresund bridge connecting the two countries . When they reached Copenhagen , they were initially unable to find the address where they planned to sleep . Just after 10 a.m. on December 29 , Danish police , concerned the men may be about to try launch their operation , moved in to make the arrests . Authorities had already taken precautions . When they learned the group was planning to travel down to Denmark to allegedly carry out the operation , they secretly disabled their weapons , according to a Swedish counter-terrorism source . Plastic wrist strips were also found in their car , according to court documents , and security services said they believed the materials were going to be used to handcuff hostages . Security services believe the plan was to try to take up to 200 journalists hostage at the newspaper and execute many of them , a Swedish counter-terrorism source told CNN . "  Our assessment is that their plan was to try to get access to the Jyllands-Posten building and carry out a Mumbai-style attack , " the head of Denmark 's intelligence service , Jakob Scharf , said in a press conference after the group was arrested . Cash amounting to $ 20,000 was also recovered from the suspects , and a pistol and ammunition were found in one of their apartments , according to court documents . The trial may shed light on what officials believe are connections between the alleged plotters and al Qaeda terrorists in Pakistan . In total , police made more than a thousand recordings of the plotters ' conversations , some of which are expected to be played in court . A Swedish counter-terrorism source has told CNN that investigations have revealed a complex set of connections between the plotters and a network linked to Ilyas Kashmiri , a senior Pakistani al Qaeda operative who Western intelligence believe orchestrated al Qaeda 's plans to hit Europe with Mumbai-style attacks . Swedish security services established that Awad , the alleged Lebanese-born plotter , moved in the same circle as "  Farid , " a Stockholm-based militant of Moroccan descent who is suspected of acting as facilitator for Ilyas Kashmiri 's terrorist network , according to a Swedish counter-terrorism source . Also involved with Kashmiri 's network was David Headley , an American of Pakistani descent who pleaded guilty two years ago to helping plot the Mumbai attacks . According to an interview of Headley by India 's National Investigation Agency that was obtained by CNN , Headley met with Farid in 2009 in relation to a plot Headley himself was planning against the Jyllands Posten newspaper . The newspaper and its cartoonists has been targeted by several plots in recent years , including a plot by a Norwegian al Qaeda cell broken up in July 2010 . Western counter-terrorism officials say that despite the reported death of Kashmiri in a drone strike in June 2011 , al Qaeda has not given up its hope to launch gun and hostage execution attacks in Europe because of the huge publicity and fear such attacks would create .	Four Swedish nationals are to stand trial for an alleged Islamist terror plot in Scandinavia They are charged with plotting an attack against Jyllands Posten , a Copenhagen newspaper The newspaper published controversial cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed The plot was thwarted by authorities
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Explosions near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan killed a dozen people Friday , authorities said . A car bomb outside the home of a former lawmaker killed 10 and wounded 30 in Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province , said Nazir Kurt , a senior police official there . The lawmaker 's son , who was the target of the attack , survived the blast , he said . Earlier , a bomb blast killed two people and wounded three in northwest Pakistan 's tribal region , a senior Pakistani government official said . The bomb was planted on a road near the village of Dara Bazar in the Bajaur Agency , one of the seven districts that make up Pakistan 's tribal region , said Islam Zeb , a senior administrator in the district . The bomb was remotely detonated , Zeb said . It was was not immediately clear who was targeted in the blast or who was killed . CNN 's Nasir Habib and Journalist Saboor Khattak contributed to this report .	Car bombing kills 10 in Quetta and wounds 30 more A bomb blast in the tribal region kills two and wounds three , an official says The bomb was detonated remotely near the town of Dara Bazar , the official says
CNN  -- David Beckham 's Olympic dream is over after the soccer star revealed he has not been included in the British squad for the forthcoming Games in his home city of London . Coach Stuart Pearce has left the Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder out of his squad for the 16-team football competition , rejecting the chance to include the 37-year-old midfielder as one of his three players over the age of 23 . "  Everyone knows how much playing for my country has always meant to me , so I would have been honored to have been part of this unique Team GB squad , " Beckham said in a statement released via his representatives . "  Naturally I am very disappointed but there will be no bigger supporter of the team than me and like everyone , I will be hoping they can win the gold . " Should Beckham be in Britain 's Olympic squad ? Beckham was part of Sebastian Coe 's team which convinced the International Olympic Committee to grant London the right to host the Games for a third time in 2005 . The former Manchester United and Real Madrid player was on a provisional 35-man list for the British squad , but Beckham insists he is still looking forward to the Olympics , which start next month , despite the snub . "  As a Londoner I was really proud to have played a small part in bringing the Olympics to my home town as part of Seb 's team , " he said . "  I ca n't wait for the Games to begin and enjoy every moment along with the rest of Great Britain . " Reports in the British media have suggested Beckham 's former United teammate Ryan Giggs has been selected as one of Pearce 's three over-age players , along with Liverpool 's Craig Bellamy and Micah Richards of Manchester City . The choice of 38-year-old Welsh midfielder Giggs , England international defender Richards and Wales forward Bellamy would provide Pearce with cover in all areas of his squad . Beckham has not played international football since coming on as a substitute during England 's 3-0 win over Belarus in 2009 . Football culture : Who are you ? Warrior or tika taka technician ? His omission provoked surprise on social-networking site Twitter as well as criticism for Pearce , with former Premier League midfielder Robbie Savage , who played with Beckham in United 's youth team , labeling the GB coach as "  clueless . " Former England striker Gary Lineker added : "  There are arguments for and against DB selection . What i do n't understand though , is why string him along by including him in a short list ? "  On another note ... Will be brilliant to see Ryan Giggs finally have the opportunity to play in a major tournament . " Team GB has been drawn in Group A of the tournament , alongside Senegal , two-time champions Uruguay and United Arab Emirates . Pearce 's team will begin their campaign against Senegal at Giggs ' home stadium Old Trafford on July 26 -- the day before the Olympics officially start .	David Beckham has been left out of the British Olympic soccer squad The midfielder not included as one of three over-age players in the under-23 squad Beckham : "  I am very disappointed but there will be no bigger supporter of the team " The 37-year-old was part of London 's successful bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games
Johannesburg  CNN  -- I 've been to Africa many times in my career , but nothing could have prepared me for a trip that would turn into this moment . As the energetic crowd of South Africans and numerous world leaders surrounded me Tuesday inside Johannesburg 's FNB stadium , I wanted to minister through song and lift my heart toward the memory of Nelson Mandela . But just days before , I would have never thought I 'd be there , performing in the rain , participating in history . It was a moment I 'll never forget . About six months ago , my team booked me for a run in South Africa . We were scheduled to hit Johannesburg , Durban and Kimberley . I was very excited to come minister to the people of South Africa and as soon as I landed on Thursday , I became so grateful to be in the presence of these amazing people within this beautiful country . Upon arriving at the hotel , I sat glued to the TV as the news broke of the passing of Africa 's favorite son and global role model . Not wanting to miss an opportunity to embrace a culture most African-Americans never experience , I asked to go to Mandela 's home in Johannesburg . As I arrived , there was a huge crowd outside . I stood in the streets and danced with my people , hugged my people and tried my best to embrace their loss . Honestly , I wish I could have learned more about him when I was younger . I wish that I was more familiar with how it felt when Mandela was released from prison when I was 24 . I could have learned a lot more about forgiveness . For only a heart modeled after God 's hands could embrace the same hands that embarked pain . So standing in the rain today , preparing to perform right before the President of the United States addressed the world , I took a deep breath , said a prayer and reminded myself "  this is not about me . " This is for all of the men and women who 've passed on and never saw this dream come true for their homeland . I imagined them embracing him , the souls of the beaten , the hurt and the martyrs who finished their race before Tata 's and welcomed him home like a proud soldier . My mom is there in that number as well , and I hope that I , too , made her proud today . My 13-year-old son wants me to teach him everything about Mandela when I come home . He better get ready , because his dad has now been to class ! I pray my presence on stage today will reflect the love I have for this country . I know their struggle , but I also know that they will have victory as long as they embrace the heart of their hero . MADIBA ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kirk Franklin .	Gospel artist Kirk Franklin performs at Nelson Mandela 's memorial service Tuesday He finishes up just before President Barack Obama delivers his remarks Franklin : Mandela 's was ' a heart modeled after God 's hands '
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  Boko Haram insurgents have kidnapped 80 people in northern Cameroon , officials said , an attack that comes as troops from neighboring Chad entered Cameroon to join the fight against the terrorist group . The attacks happened in the villages of Mabass and Makxy in the Mayo-Tsanaga Division of the Far North Region of Cameroon on Sunday morning , Saiid Abdulkarim , a journalist for the state broadcaster , told CNN . Three of those kidnapped were found dead , Abdulkarim said . The Cameroonian government did not immediately comment . Meanwhile , thousands of Chadian troops arrived in Cameroon to join that country 's soldiers in the fight against Boko Haram . The governor of Cameroon 's Far North Region , Mijiyawa Bakary , told CNN that the first contingent of Chadian troops arrived in a convoy of more than 400 vehicles , and a second wave of soldiers were expected to arrive soon . The Chadian soldiers "  are coming in with dozens of tanks , armored vehicles and other military equipment , " Cameroon defense ministry spokesman Col. Didier Badjeck said . The Chadian parliament unanimously voted Friday to send troops to Cameroon and Nigeria to join in the fight against Boko Haram . The move comes after Cameroon 's President , Paul Biya , made a strong call for international cooperation in the fight against Boko Haram . Biya told diplomats recently that Boko Haram was "  a global threat " that calls "  for a global response . " "  Such should be the response of the international community , including the African Union and our regional organizations , " he said . Chadian officials concluded that Boko Haram also poses a danger to Chad . Chadian President Idriss Deby said attacks on Cameroon by the terrorist group could destroy Chad 's economy . "  We ca n't remain indifferent to what is happening to our neighbors , " Deby said . "  Cameroon is the entry and exit point for Chad economically . " Much of what is imported to Chad comes through the Cameroonian seaport of Douala , and Chad 's crude oil is transported through a pipeline that runs from southern Chad to a floating facility 11 kilometers  almost 7 miles  off the Cameroon coast . The presence of Chadian troops on the front could be key to reversing the gains so far made by the terrorist group . Trained in desert combat , Chadian forces played a critical role in fighting jihadists in northern Mali , where they became major allies to French troops in the fight against terrorists there . In fact , they were instrumental in the killing of some high-profile jihadists . The involvement of Chadian troops marks a major shift in Cameroon-Chad anti-terrorism cooperation . In the past year , it focused mostly on securing individual borders . While Chad is the first country to put boots on the ground in Cameroon , the international community and regional bodies are also expressing concern . On Friday , the Russian ambassador to Cameroon , Nicolay Ratsiborinski , said his country will supply Cameroon with modern and sophisticated military weapons . He said the equipment will include heavy artillery , armored cars and missiles . Michael Stephen Hoza , U.S. ambassador to Cameroon , also said his country would help train Cameroon soldiers and offer equipment for the fight . Boko Haram has been staging cross-border raids on Cameroon , the latest being the attempt by the insurgents to take over a Cameroon military base in Kolofata . Cameroonian troops killed 143 of them , and lost one soldier . On January 3 , Boko Haram fighters briefly took over control of a military base in Achigashia , forcing Cameroonian soldiers to retreat and then for the first time use airstrikes against the insurgents . Attacks on military installations mark a big shift in Boko Haram operations in Cameroon . Initially , they would cross the border and either attack to steal food or kidnap nationals and expatriates in exchange for ransoms . Cameroon has already deployed about 7,000 troops across the Far North , where Boko Haram has scaled up attacks over the past six months .	Boko Haram from Nigeria kidnaps 80 people after attacks on villages in Cameroon The attacks come as troops from neighboring Chad arrive in Cameroon to help fight the terrorist group
CNN  -- Swedish Crown Princess Victoria gave birth to a baby girl early Thursday , the Royal Court announced . The baby girl is now second in line to the throne of Sweden , as the first grandchild of the king and queen , the court said on its website . Her mother is first . The father , Prince Daniel -- the former personal trainer of the crown princess -- was present at the Karolinska hospital in Stockholm during the birth , the court said . The child 's name will be announced Friday or Saturday , her father said . Visibly moved , the prince described the baby as "  a very cute princess " in an appearance on Swedish television Thursday morning . "  Well , when I came down from the room , the little princess was laying on her mother 's chest , and it looked like they were having a very cozy time , so it was hard to take my eyes off them , " he said on CNN affiliate TV4 . "  The Crown Princess is feeling fantastic , she is so happy and everything has worked out well and the little daughter and the Crown Princess are feeling very well , " he said . Admitting he was "  very nervous " during the birth , he said "  everything has worked out well , " and thanked the hospital staff for the "  wonderful care they have provided us . " "  And I would also like to thank everyone who for the last nine months have shared our joy , which we have really appreciated , " he said . The baby weighed 3280 grams  7 pounds , 3 ounces  and was 51 cm  20 inches  long , the Royal Court said .	The child is second in line to the Swedish throne , after her mother The baby 's name has not been announced yet Her father describes the child as "  a very cute princess " in an emotional appearance
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby was disbarred from practicing law in the nation 's capital on Thursday . I Lewis "  Scooter " Libby was convicted to lying to a grand jury and investigators last year . The former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney was convicted last year of lying to a grand jury and federal agents probing the leak of the identity of a CIA operative , Valerie Plame Wilson . "  When a member of the Bar is convicted of an offense involving moral turpitude , disbarment is mandatory , " the District of Columbia Court of Appeals wrote in its opinion , which is posted on its Web site . "  When convictions on more than one count are involved , disbarment is mandated if any one of them involves moral turpitude , " the court added . Last July , a court sentenced Libby to a 30-month prison term . President Bush later commuted Libby 's sentence , calling it "  excessive . " Despite the commutation , Libby still had to pay a $ 250,000 fine and serve two years probation . Unlike a presidential pardon which wipes a person 's crimes off the books , Bush 's commutation of Libby 's sentence only means that he does not have to serve the prison sentence . He is still considered guilty of the crime he was convicted . The president stopped short of an outright pardon , noting that "  our entire system of justice relies on people telling the truth . " The clemency grant raised eyebrows among legal observers and prompted criticism from Democrats . William Jeffress , one of the attorneys who helped defend Libby in the criminal trial , told CNN , "  We are not surprised by the appeals court decision , because clearly under the rules this is automatic . " Jeffress could not say whether Libby might apply for reinstatement if he is pardoned . He gave no indication such a pardon is anticipated . Although the White House has declined to say whether Bush might go beyond his decision to commute Libby 's jail time , both Bush and Cheney have expressed strong support for Libby . Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , told CNN a presidential pardon could indeed open the door for Libby to try to regain his license to practice law . "  Whether it would be granted is another matter , " she said , given ethics standards that a bar would normally consider . Sloan 's group is pursuing a civil suit on behalf of Plame Wilson , claiming damage from White House disclosures of her identity and connection to the CIA . Although the suit has been rejected by a federal court , the group Friday will file a brief ahead of an appeals argument May 9 . Case history dating back to the Iran-Contra affair of the 1980s could affect Libby 's prospects for regaining his law license if he is granted a full pardon . Elliott Abrams , an assistant secretary of state during the Reagan administration , received a full presidential pardon for making false and misleading statements to Congress . Lawmakers had investigated illicit U.S. arms sales to Nicaraguan rebels at a time Congress had voted to halt such aid . An appeals court in 1995 rejected a Washington law board 's proposed suspension and sanctions against Abrams , concluding that "  a full and unconditional presidential pardon attached not just to the criminal conviction , but also to the conduct that was or may have been the basis of the conviction . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	District of Columbia court blocks "  Scooter " Libby from practicing law Libby convicted of lying to grand jury and investigators in CIA leak case President Bush commuted Libby 's 30 month sentence , calling it "  excessive " Libby was Vice President Dick Cheney 's chief of staff
CNN  -- Editor 's Note : Christina Blanch is a comics scholar . Cofounder of CAPE , she recently taught a new online course on Gender through Comic Books . Gender issues are strewn throughout the comics industry and have been for decades , from the way this particular branch of pop culture portrays traditional male and female roles , to the treatment of costumed attendees  "  cosplayers "  at Comic Cons , to the disproportionately small number of women working in the comic book world . The study of gender is as misunderstood as comic books are ; while gender is thought of as a topic for women , comic books are thought of as a boy 's club . Of course , neither characterization is accurate ; gender is about men and women just as comic books are also for men and women of all ages . Gender as shown in popular media is not reflective of "  real " life . Think about American media , and the portrayal of women not just in comics but in magazines , films and other mediums . Esthetic standards have changed over the decades from the hourglass ideal to size zero models , from looking naturally physically fit to using medical treatments and/or Photoshop to modify bodies . These media standards can be attributed to the male gaze . The "  male gaze , " as students of film know , is a term coined in the mid-1970s but timeless in meaning ; the tendency of pop art to default to a heterosexual male point of view because , by and large , that 's who makes it . This unconscious "  entitlement " where men are watchers and women are watched  and exploited  creates a sense of entitlement . One that is alienating and excludes anyone who is not a straight white male . Caped crusaders on patrol - meet the real life superheroes When people think of comic books , they generally think of its predominant genre , superheroes . And it should come as no surprise that many of the superhero comic books have major gender issues . In superhero comics , both men and women are portrayed with near unattainable bodies ; men are massively muscular while women can make lingerie models look bashful . When women comment negatively on how comics females are sexualized , the common reply from men is , "  Hey , guys are n't realistically portrayed either , so what 's the big deal ? " The difference , of course , is that superhero men in comics look like body builders and athletes while most female superheroes today look more like porn stars . The women athletes of today do not look how superheroes portray them . Why is this ? Because the superhero industry caters to an audience of adolescent males . Or , is the "  male gaze " simply the unintentional norm in comic books ? Are superheroines victims of the "  male gaze " ? Are feminine superheroes those who embody the traditional male-defined ideas of femininity or those that espouse the ideal of liberated , empowered women ? Or are they simply women who dismiss all tropes of "  femininity " and are simply themselves ? Think about Wonder Woman , one of the oldest and best-known female superheroes . She is seen as a feminist icon , featured on the cover of the first issue of Ms. Magazine . Yet she runs around in a bathing suit . And even though her clothes never change , depending on who draws her , she can look family-friendly on a toy you would n't hesitate to buy your daughter or like a pole dancer on the cover of a graphic novel . Superman and Spider-Man do n't suffer this . It 's almost impossible to sexualize Superman , who in the current movie ` lost ' his strong man underpants making him less sexualized , and in my opinion completely impossible to sexualize Spider-Man . In fact , Spider-Man is often drawn swinging through the air in flexible poses in a skintight costume and I have never once thought of him as sexualized . There should be room for all kinds of bodies in comic books , not just the ones that are currently culturally celebrated . The problem of the notions of beauty extends far beyond comic books . The male gaze , intentional or not , is present in comic books . Comic books can be powerful , and I argue that the way comics represent women affects the way people view women and how they view themselves . The only way to stop this is to talk about the issue , even if it is uncomfortable . In order for something to change , it has to be acknowledged . My ` Gender through Comic Books ' class was one step in that direction . As a comic book fan , for every powerful female superhero like Supergirl or Batgirl , there are so many more that are only eye candy for male readers . The real power of Wonder Woman and other female superheroes is that they rise above the pin-up girl quality to be inspirational to young women . The Opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christina Blanch	Gender Through Comics was a Massive Open Online Course  MOOC  taught in spring 2013 . It looked at how to explore gender-related questions through comic books . Christina Blanch says that gender is about men and women just as much as comic books are for both sexes . She argues the sexualized media standards can be attributed to the ` male gaze ' , which is the tendency of pop art to adapt to the heterosexual man 's point of view .
CNN  -- As Elizabeth Sullivan stood on the field at Comfort Zone Camp , staring out at the "  normal " kids playing ice-breaker games and elbow tag , she realized , "  It 's OK to have fun . " Six months earlier , she lost her father when he collapsed while jogging at night . He died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital . The 12-year-old never got to say goodbye . But not all of the one in seven Americans who lose a parent or sibling before the age of 20 learn to cope the way Sullivan has . In fact , 73 percent of adults believe that their lives would have been "  much better " had their loved ones not died when they were young , according to a survey released Monday by Comfort Zone Camp , a nonprofit provider of childhood bereavement camps , and Matthew Greenwald and Associates Inc. . Of the 1,006 adults surveyed , 110 had lost a parent before the age of 20 , 52 lost a sibling , and 13 lost both . Participants had to be at least 25 years old to take part in the poll , which was conducted between November and December via the Internet . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points . The majority of participants agreed that they would trade one year of their life for one more day with their departed parent . However , about 59 percent of people who lost a parent at a young age think they have become stronger as a result , saying that losing a loved one gave them a greater appreciation of family relationships . There is not one way to interpret each individual 's idea of "  much better , " said Pete Shrock , national program director at Comfort Zone . But with any loss , life is going to be different ; however , that does n't necessarily mean it 's going to be worse . "  The family is a unit , and everyone plays a significant role in how that family communicates and works . ... It 's like a link in a chain , " he said . "  When you move that link -- it does n't matter if it 's directly in the middle , to the left or the right -- there 's a disruption in the chain , and it will never be the same . " About 85 percent of parents who lost a spouse said they wish there were more resources for their grieving children . Kate Killion does , too . Killion , 53 , who lost her father suddenly when she was 8 years old , said there were very few bereavement services available for children in the 1960s . "  People did n't recognize how children process death and grief , " she said . "  The adults in my life tried to protect me by not talking about it . They thought I would n't think about it as much . That is n't the case . Giving children the chance to express their feelings and help them process -LSB- loss -RSB- is so important . " Killion started dealing with the loss when she was in her 20s by talking openly about her father -- something she could not do with her mother , who shut down after her father 's death . Killion said her brother , who was 12 at the time , never found the support she found . "  He just closed up . He 's that way to this day , " she said . "  That 's how much it changes your life . He was a vulnerable , confused little boy , and he still has n't dealt with it . It stays with you forever unless you can really go there and deal with it . " Not only do siblings tend to deal with the same loss differently , there are many differences in the ways men and women handle grief , Shrock said . While 38 percent of the women surveyed for Comfort Zone 's study "  strongly agreed " that "  losing a parent was the toughest thing -LSB- they 've -RSB- had to deal with , " only 29 percent of men agreed . Daddy 's little girl is going to react differently to the loss of her father than the young man who just lost the person who was supposed to teach him to play catch and drive a stick shift , Shrock added . Milestones such as proms , graduations and weddings are among the top concerns for many children and young adults . But for Sullivan , now 23 , it 's more about the little things , like going to a college football game . It 's all about learning how to cope , she said , which she finally managed to do while making breakfast eight years after her father 's death . She was making pastina , an Italian dish she and her father used to make together . After cracking an egg over the tiny pieces of pasta and butter in her pot , she began to stir quickly so the egg would spread before everything congealed . "  When we used to make it before I went to school , he would cheer me on and tell me to stir faster , ` stir , stir , stir , ' " she said . "  Making that pasta and thinking about him cheering me on and laughing was the most connected I 've been able to feel to him . That 's when I realized how I need to cope : by doing the things that make me feel connected . " There are always going to be good days and bad days , she said . "  I remember a lot of people telling me initially that I should write in a journal . That was n't for me at the time . It 's important not be afraid to try things and figure out what works for you . Be willing to talk to people ... . There 's not a right or a wrong way to grieve . "	One in seven Americans lose parent or sibling before age of 20 Many people said they would trade one year of their life for one more day with deceased 59 percent of people who lost parent at young age said it has made them stronger
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate found Federal Judge G. Thomas Porteous of Louisiana guilty on four articles of impeachment on Wednesday , which will remove him from the federal bench . He had been accused of accepting kick-backs and lying to the Senate and FBI . The vote makes Porteous , 63 , only the eighth federal judge in the nation 's history to be impeached and convicted . Porteous is also "  forever disqualified to hold and enjoy any office of honor , trust or profit under the United States , " Sen. Daniel Inouye said during Wednesday 's Senate hearing . The Senate adopted the motion barring Porteous from holding a future federal office by a vote of 94 to 2 . In March , the House of Representatives voted unanimously to impeach Porteous on corruption charges . "  Our investigation found that Judge Porteous participated in a pattern of corrupt conduct for years , " U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Task Force on Judicial Impeachment . In a statement at the time , Porteous ' lawyer , Richard W. Westling , said the Justice Department had decided not to prosecute because it did not have credible evidence . "  Unfortunately , the House has decided to disregard the Justice Department 's decision and to move forward with impeachment , " he said . "  As a result , we will now turn to the Senate to seek a full and fair hearing of all of the evidence . " Porteous , who turns 64 this year , was appointed to the federal bench in 1994 . He has not worked as a judge since he was suspended with pay in the fall of 2008 , Westling said . The most recent previous impeachment of a federal judge by the House was last year . Judge Samuel B. Kent of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas resigned after being impeached on charges of sexual assault , obstructing and impeding an official proceeding and making false and misleading statements , according to the website of the Federal Judicial Center . Before then , Judge Walter L. Nixon of U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi was impeached in 1989 on charges of perjury before a federal grand jury . The Senate convicted him and removed him from office that year .	NEW : Porteous barred from future federal office , accused of taking kick-backs , lying Senate found Federal Judge guilty on all four articles of impeachment Porteous is eighth federal judge in U.S. history to be impeached and convicted House voted unanimously in March to impeach Porteous on corruption charges
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Bangladeshi President Mohammad Zillur Rahman died Wednesday at a Singapore hospital , where he was being treated for a lung infection , an official with his office said . He was 84 . Rahman was admitted to Mount Elizabeth Hospital on March 10 . He died there Wednesday afternoon , according to the official , Mohammad Shafiul Alam . He had been taken from the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , to Singapore by air ambulance after his health deteriorated and was suffering from acute kidney and respiratory problems when he died . Bangladesh is a parliamentary democracy , meaning the role of the president is largely ceremonial . The president is elected by the parliament , while the prime minister is chosen in a general election . Rahman , of the ruling Awami League , was elected to the position in 2009 , becoming the 19th president of Bangladesh . Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and others offered their condolences on Rahman 's death . Independence struggle Born in 1929 in the Kishoreganj district of Bangladesh , Rahman became involved in politics when he was a student at Dhaka University . He played a significant role in the country 's war of independence in 1971 and was a close aide to the country 's founder , President Sheikh Mujibur Rahman . Mohammad Zillur Rahman became a member of the Provincial Assembly of East Pakistan , now Bangladesh , in 1970 and was elected a member of parliament five times after his country 's independence . As a senior figure in the Awami League , he was imprisoned for four years after the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1975 . He was again detained in 1986 . He served twice as the general secretary for the Awami League , which won a landslide victory in the 2008 general elections . Zillur Rahman 's wife , Ivy Rahman , also an Awami League politician , was killed in grenade attacks on a party rally in Dhaka that left 24 people dead and more than 200 injured in August 2004 . Sheikh Hasina , who is the daughter of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , narrowly escaped the 2004 grenade attacks .	President Mohammad Zillur Rahman died in hospital at age 84 He was suffering from acute kidney and respiratory problems Rahman was elected president , a largely ceremonial position , in 2009 An Awami League member , he had been involved in national politics for decades
CNN  -- A federal judge on Wednesday sentenced an American citizen to 25 years in prison for conspiring to sell missiles , rifles and other weapons to the Taliban , the U.S. attorney 's office for Manhattan announced . The sentence for Alwar Pouryan -- which includes 10 years of supervised release after he leaves prison -- comes the month after he and a co-defendant were found guilty following a two-week bench trial by U.S. District Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald . "  Alwar Pouryan was an American who was all too willing to do business with the Taliban -- agreeing to provide that narco-terrorist organization with lethal , military-grade weapons that would have put countless innocent lives at risk , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement . "  The sentence handed down today is a just and appropriate penalty for an individual who so callously sold out his country . " According to the Bahara 's office , the 38-year-old Pouryan and his co-conspirator Oded Orbach began communicating in fall 2010 with a person they believed represented the Taliban -- but who actually worked for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . In conversations by phone , e-mail , Skype and in person in Ghana , Ukraine and Romania , Pouryan and Orbach offered specifics about what types of arms they 'd sell and for how much . The weapons discussed included anti-tank missiles , grenade launchers and M-16 assault rifles , not to mention ammunition . Pouryan and Orbach were told surface-to-air missiles were especially needed to protect Taliban-run heroin facilities in Afghanistan from U.S. helicopter attacks , according to the federal prosecutor 's office . Evidence presented during the trial included e-mails from Orbach to third-party weapons suppliers , asking about obtaining some of the items . Feds : 7 men charged with conspiring to supply Taliban After hashing out price lists and other details , the two sides reached a deal : more than $ 25 million worth in weapons , ammunition and training , of which Pouryan and Orbach would pocket $ 800,000 in commission . Until , of course , the plot unraveled with the two American men 's February 2011 arrest in Bucharest , Romania . Pouryan and Orbach were extradited more than three months later to the United States , where they stood trial . Five other men tied to the plot -- all of whom coordinated with the same undercover agent , some of whom worked directly with Pouryan and Orbach -- were arrested in Liberia and likewise brought to the United States . Four of them allegedly agreed to oversee a shipment to Benin of Taliban-owned heroin , which the Taliban could profit from after it was eventually flown to the United States , the U.S. Justice Department stated in 2011 . All five consented to sell the Taliban cocaine that the Afghanistan-based Islamist group could then sell for a profit , according to the agency . The 55-year-old Orbach , who is currently being held in New York according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons , is set to be sentenced on November 1 by Judge Buchwald .	Alwar Pouryan and a co-conspirator were found guilty in August They had talks with a DEA agent they thought was with the Taliban They thought they had a deal for $ 25 million worth of arms , ammo , training Both Americans were arrested in Romania , extradited to U.S. to stand trial
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Prosecutors are expected to rest their case Friday in the seven-week-long trial of model Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two doctors . They are expected to call their last witness Friday afternoon . And defense lawyers said they will likely not call any witnesses . Smith 's boyfriend Howard K. Stern and two doctors are on trial for allegedly conspiring to feed her drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . One expert witness for the defense , a pain medications expert , has already testified for the defense . Dr. Perry Fine testified early because of scheduling issues . Jurors watched a video on Wednesday of the Playboy model singing , kissing and bathing with her infant daughter just two months before her February 2007 death . "  Momma did n't mean it , I 'm sorry , " Smith said when Dannielynn began crying as she washed her face . Prosecutors showed the 13-minute video to support their argument that Smith 's speech was slurred and her mind was groggy from drugs . The defense does not deny Smith took a lot of drugs , but they contend Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor were treating her for chronic pain that other doctors had also diagnosed . "  If she 's being treated for pain , it 's not illegal , " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said last week . Judge Perry has suggested several times in recent weeks that the prosecution had fallen short in proving the core of its case , including that Smith was a drug addict . The judge told the lawyers on Monday that he was considering dropping some of the charges before the case goes to the jury . "  I expect some charges will likely survive in some form , " Perry said . The three are charged with a conspiracy to provide drugs to a known addict and using false names on prescriptions for Smith . They are not charged in her death , which a Florida medical examiner ruled was from an accidental overdose of a sleep aid , a lethal mix of prescription drugs and a viral flu . While much of the past seven weeks have been tedious testimony about medical practices and drugs , the video shown in court Wednesday captured the jury 's full attention . Smith and her 2-month-old baby sat naked in a large tub in the Bahamas home where she spent most of her last months . The mother softly sang to her baby and kissed her repeatedly . "  Love the water , " Smith said to her child . Stern smiled several times as he watched the video from his seat at the defense table . "  Come on , Danny , do something good , " jurors heard Stern say from behind the camera . "  Show us you 're a star . " In one moment , Smith and Stern seemed to joke about their rivalry for the baby 's attention . "  Say ` Mommy , ' " she told the baby . "  Say ` Daddy , ' " he said . They repeated that exchange several times before Stern said "  She made a funny face , she pointed to the camera . "	Defense lawyers says they will not call any witnesses Prosecutors are expected to rest their case Friday Video of Smith and her baby bathing was intended to show drug impairment Judge has hinted he might drop some charges
Cairo  CNN  -- Syria has accepted "  in principle " an Arab League plan to permit observers into the country to verify whether the regime has taken measures to protect civilians , a senior Arab diplomat said Friday . Questions remained , however , about the exact nature of the mission , if it proceeds . Originally , 500 observers were believed to be destined for Syria , but U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday afternoon that the proposed number had been reduced to 40 . Syria requested amendments to the plan Thursday night , a day after Arab league representatives approved it , the Cairo-based regional alliance said on its website . Nabil el-Araby , secretary-general of the Arab League , said the league is studying the letter from Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem that included changes regarding the protocol and duties of the observers . Eighteen of the alliance 's 22 member nations voted to suspend Syria 's membership in the league on Saturday . But the group , which met again in Rabat , Morocco , on Wednesday , gave Damascus three days to implement a protocol to allow observers to enter the nation . "  Our mission will be to portray the truth about the nature of the injuries  and  numbers of casualties and assess the hospitals , to see what they need and how well-prepared they are to accommodate the injured , " said Dr. Ibrahim Zafarani , a former member of the Muslim Brotherhood and founding member of the Arab Doctors Association who said he 'd volunteered to be an observer . It is the latest diplomatic effort to resolve the crisis in Syria . International pressure has been mounting on President Bashar al-Assad over his regime 's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters , amid concerns that violence in Syria is escalating . World support and confidence in the Syrian regime have continued to dwindle in recent weeks . France 's top diplomat called the state of affairs in embattled Syria "  no longer tenable " Friday and wants the U.N. Security Council to step up and grapple with the eight-month-long crisis in the turbulent Arab nation . "  Despite all the calls that were made to that regime " for peaceful initiatives to end the raging street violence , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said in the Turkish capital of Ankara , "  the regime did not want to know anything . Still this morning , in the north of Syria , several villages were bombarded by the Syrian army . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague will meet Monday with representatives from the Syrian National Council and National Coordinating Committee for Democratic Change , two groups opposed to President Bashar al-Assad 's government , a foreign office spokeswoman said Friday . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , another activist group , said that at least 19 people were killed Friday by security forces and the army , among them four children . This is in addition to 26 killed by security forces Thursday , on top of scores killed earlier in the week , according to the organization . Eight people were killed in the southern region of Daraa , where about 20 people also were wounded when security forces fired at mourners . There were five deaths in Hama , in the west , four in the Damascus suburbs and two in Homs , also in the west , the Local Coordination Committees said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , meanwhile , reported the killings of two law enforcement members in Hama , the injuries of two in Daraa and the arrests of 10 "  terrorists " in Idlib province . CNN is not able to independently verify claims of fighting and casualties because the Syrian government has restricted international media access to the country . Well over 3,500 people have been killed and thousands have been jailed in cities across the country , according to U.N. estimates . French and Turkish officials have been outspoken in their criticism of the Syrian regime 's behavior , and some key international diplomats , such as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , said Thursday that the ongoing attacks on government buildings in Syria "  look like a civil war . " News agencies have been quoting Juppe as saying it is "  too late " for Syria to make the reforms the regime has promised . At the same time , he urged opposition protesters to shun violence . In recent weeks , a military force of defectors called the Free Syrian Army has launched strikes against government targets . This week , the force said it attacked an air intelligence base outside Damascus . Also , army defectors armed with a rocket-propelled grenades attacked a pro-government youth group office and clashed with Syrian security personnel , activists said . And on Friday , a video emerged of another defector group announcing its formation : the Hawks of Damascus . "  We promise Bashar al-Assad and his unjust group that you will see us in every place and time and you will see from us what you do n't expect until we return the freedom and dignity to our people , " the group said in the video . Juppe , meanwhile , urged the Syrian opposition "  to take the stance that they have taken from the beginning , which is the refusal of violence . " "  But I think that the point has now come to renew our efforts to accelerate sanctions . We all support a resolution to that effect at the United Nations General Assembly . France is happy to work with the Arab League , with Turkey , with all the countries in the region and to work with the opposition which shows a lot of courage , " Juppe said . Juppe said "  it would be good " if the Security Council asserted itself on the issue . "  It is not normal in a crisis of this scope : 3,000 dead already , 20,000 prisoners in Syrian prisons , which are sometimes treated very brutally with torture , " Juppe said . "  It is not acceptable that the U.N. Security Council does not speak up . " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , appearing with Juppe , said his nation opposes "  all kinds of use of violence against civilians " and hopes "  Arab peoples will determine their own fate in this vein without a need for foreign intervention . " He said that calling for al-Assad 's ouster and the establishment of a no-fly zone are not up for discussion . "  If massacres against civilians continue , we wo n't be indifferent to that whether it 's in Syria or any other country , " he said . Syria has blamed the violence on armed terrorist groups . But activists and citizens say the government 's military and security personnel are responsible for the many casualties there . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in Bali , Indonesia , on Friday that the United States had been concerned for weeks that the situation in Syria was spiraling out of control . Syria 's failure to make promised reforms had led to a peaceful opposition "  morphing " into one that was , at least in part , well armed and prepared to take action against the Syrian government , she said . Now important regional players like the Arab League nations and Turkey "  are sending  the  same message loudly and clearly : that the Syrian government has to change , and it has to change now , or we all fear what the consequences will be , " she said . Turkey , formerly an ally and major trading partner of Syria 's , has toughened its stance this week , threatening to cut its electricity supply to Syria and asking why the international community has not taken the kind of action to protect civilians that it took in Libya through NATO . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner in Washington said Turkey had "  become an increasingly vocal opponent to what 's going on in Syria and an increasingly powerful voice among the international community " in calling for an end to the violence . A draft U.N. resolution is in the works , backed by Germany , France and Britain , who have sought support from Middle Eastern nations for the move . Juppe noted European Union economic sanctions against Syria and said "  we are ready to harden those sanctions . " European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton on Thursday reiterated her call for al-Assad to step down , her spokeswoman said . Ashton spoke after a meeting with Lavrov in Moscow . Jordan 's King Abdullah has said that a person in al-Assad 's position would step down , a statement observers interpreted as a call for the Syrian president to do just that . According to Russia 's Interfax news agency , Ashton said she is confident that Abdullah would "  reiterate the position that it 's about time for President Assad to go . " An EU official said Ashton has asked Arab League head el-Araby to attend a meeting of the European Union 's foreign ministers and talk about ways to put pressure on the al-Assad regime . The official did n't want to be named because he is n't authorized to speak about the matter . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Laura Smith-Spark , Joe Sterling , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Rima Maktabi , Niki Cook , Sarah Jones and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Syria offered amendments Thursday night to the Arab League plan on observers NEW : A potential observer says , "  Our mission will be to portray the truth " NEW : The British foreign minister will meet rebel leaders , a spokeswoman says At least 19 are slain in Syria on Friday , on top of scores killed earlier , an activist group says
CNN  -- What is seen by some as the holy four-day weekend for geek culture at San Diego Comic-Con has gone mainstream in a big way for the past few years . Are you a Comic-Con beginner ? Get the rules right ! Starting today , there will be panels called "  I Ca n't Write , I Ca n't Draw , But I Love Comics ! " and "  Indie Comics Marketing 101 " taking place alongside "  USA Network 's ` Psych ' " and "  Aloha , Earth ! " a panel about CBS ' upcoming remake of "  Hawaii Five-0 . " But this recent spate of panels about movie and TV properties with no sci-fi or comic book elements has some fans fuming . "  The mainstream TV and film representation at Comic-Con has outstripped the original essence of the convention , " said iReporter Brad Powers who attended Comic-Con the past two years , mainly for the panels on "  Lost . " He believed that this "  mainstreaming " of the convention has played a hand in it being filled to capacity . Going to San Diego Comic-Con ? For one panel , Powers said he arrived a full 45 minutes before it was set to begin . "  Thirty minutes passed and I thought for sure I was getting closer to the front door . Finally , 10 minutes after the start , some nice Con attendee started walking back through the line to let everyone know that they were full up and no one else would be getting in . " Powers is not attending the convention this year since "  Lost " has ended . One iReporter , Michelle Cruz , has not attended in years . "  I do n't even try anymore , " she said . " "  They should have a Commercialism-Con and bring back Comic-Con the way it used to be . " "  It 's too crowded , too commercial , and , oh yea , it sells out before you even know who 's gon na be there , " she said . "  I 'd be really disappointed spending my money and seeing that I was gon na go to a panel discussion about -LSB- the Fox series -RSB- ` Glee . ' " The fact that "  Glee " attended last year  and is returning this year  certainly seemed to fuel anger among some Comic-Con devotees . "  It used to be the coolest thing in the world and now it 's just a reason not to drive downtown for a few days . " Erin O'Donoghue , a hardcore fan of "  Chuck , " is one of those who disagrees . "  I am not one of those who believe it should remain solely in the realm of comics and their related forms of media , " she said . "  I personally really enjoy the fact that SDCC has become a celebration of popular culture and every entertainment medium . " Even those who have covered the convention have differing opinions about it . Vic Holtreman of Screenrant.com does n't think that non-genre panels are a very good idea . "  I guess the studios figure , well , as long as we 're here we might as well throw this movie out there . ... Maybe we give this a little boost , " he said . "  Last year , at one of the studio panels , they had the Mike Judge film , ` Extract , ' and people saw the footage . Then the movie completely tanked . " Fanbolt.com 's Emma Loggins , on the other hand , sees a place for these kinds of panels at Comic-Con . "  I think that what it 's really about is anything that has a strong fan base . It also brings in other people to the convention that otherwise would n't be interested , " she said . Quite a few people she has talked to , however , disagree with her . She even recalls a quite vocal reaction last year to a movie that , on the surface , would seem like a good fit . "  Con-goers were protesting at the Summit Entertainment booth saying ... with signs , ` Twilight Ruined Comic Con , ' because fans could n't get into see panels earlier in the day because of the thousands of ` Twilight ' fans that descended on Hall H. " This year , those fans can breathe a sigh of relief , since the cast of "  The Twilight Saga " wo n't be there -- this year . But there are plenty of other panels , such as one for Will Ferrell 's cop comedy "  The Other Guys , " which will ensure the debate continues .	Longtime fans of Comic-Con are n't impressed by non-genre panels Some think the pop culture expansion of Comic-Con caters is counter to original purpose Many Comic-Con visitors were upset that "  Twilight " fans created traffic jams last year
Coast Guard crews are teaming with Royal Dutch Shell to keep one of the oil company 's drilling unit from running aground amid terrible weather in Alaska , the Coast Guard said Monday . Crews of two Shell-contracted tug boats were able Monday secure towing lines to the drilling rig Kulluk , which went adrift for 10 hours on Sunday while being shuttled to Seattle . The Coast Guard said it planned to use helicopters to land technicians aboard the drilling rig . "  We have a brief weather window which provides the opportunity to get experts aboard the Kulluk to inspect the drilling unit and its tow set-up , " said Rear Adm. Thomas Ostebo , commander of the Coast Guard 17th District . "  They will provide key on-site information about towing issues or concerns and allow the Unified Command to develop contingency plans accordingly . " Forecasters predicted the wind in the area , about 19 miles from Kodiak Island off the southern Alaska coast , to exceed 60 mph on Monday night . Waves could reach as high as 28 feet , the Coast Guard said . "  Ensuring the safety of personnel and protecting the area 's environment continue to be of the utmost importance , " Shell said in a statement . The Kulluk finished drilling operations in the Beaufort Sea in October and was headed to its winter home with a crew of 18 when the tug boat that was towing it lost power . The Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation said there was no spill in that incident . The Coast Guard helped evacuate the crew on Saturday . No one was injured , Shell said . Two other response ships and a Coast Guard cutter are nearby as the tugs wait to steer the Kulluk toward a safe harbor , the Coast Guard said .	Royal Dutch Shell had finished drilling for year , rig was being towed to Seattle Tug boat that was towing the rig lost engine power On Sunday , tow lines separated and the rig moved toward an Alaskan island Two tugs are now towing rig away from land , but bad weather is hampering efforts
CNN  -- Sandbag walls were beginning to rise Tuesday across parts of the Midwest against what the National Weather Service warned could be record flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys over the next week . Widespread major flooding is expected in parts of southern Missouri , southern Illinois , Indiana , western Kentucky , northern Arkansas and parts of Oklahoma , said Noreen Schwein , deputy for hydrologic services at the National Weather Service 's central region headquarters in Kansas City , Missouri . Already , governors in Missouri , Illinois and Kentucky have declared emergencies , as have local officials in several counties . National Guard troops are on the job in Missouri and Indiana shoring up levees and stacking sandbags . Indiana also sent 80 prison inmates to the southwestern part of the state , where record flooding was already reported in Gibson County . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn sent 125 members of the Guard to Marion to assist the response in the southern part of the state . Calls for volunteers to help with sandbagging efforts were going out across the region . Clifton Gentry of Jackson , Missouri , was planning to head to the small community of Dutchtown , Missouri , with his church group Tuesday night to help residents there fill and stack sandbags . "  There 's a gas station and probably two , three dozen homes that will be under water tomorrow if something does n't change , " Gentry said . "  It 's basically just the simple fact that we 're told to help those in need , and if I was in that kind of situation I would hope someone would help me . " A levee in Poplar Bluff , Missouri , failed on Tuesday , city and county officials said , sending water flooding into a rural but populated area of Butler County , causing the evacuation of more than 6,000 people . People in the area were asked to leave "  as soon as possible , " Butler County Sheriff 's Detective Scott Phelps said . A levee protecting Bell City , Missouri , also failed , said Dale Moreland , public information officer for the Stoddard County Emergency Management Agency . Bell City schools let out early Tuesday because buses will likely not be able to navigate flooded roads later in the day , Moreland said . Up to 1,200 people south and east of Bell City faced possible evacuation later Tuesday . The breach was 95 feet wide and 6 to 8 feet deep . About 25 to 30 residences in in the county were affected by the water and a dozen people have been rescued since Monday , according to Moreland . A levee also failed in nearby Scott County , Moreland said . Missouri 's attorney general turned to a federal court Tuesday to stop a federal plan to blow a levee to ease pressure on the flood-engorged Mississippi River . James Pogue , chief spokesman in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ' Memphis office , said the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway is a "  safety valve " in the current crisis affecting several states along the Mississippi and Ohio rivers . In Paducah , Kentucky , where forecasters are predicting the Ohio River will rise more than it has in at least 61 years , garbage collection was temporarily suspended because every available worker was installing floodgates before the Ohio River rises too high to contain . "  We are putting all our resources on this catastrophe , " City Engineer Rick Murphy said . Crews were also working to build a steel barrier and extend a levee around the city 's convention center , which was at risk of being flooded . The National Weather Service forecast the Ohio River at Paducah to rise to 55 feet by May 3 , 16 feet above flood stage and two feet above the high water mark in 1950 . Paducah resident Jennie Bell , a CNN iReporter , said heavy rains and river water are already covering some streets , including the road she normally uses to drive her daughter to school . "  It 's getting hard to get around , " she said . In Clark County , Indiana , flooding has forced some people from their homes in the city of Utica and other nearby communities . Some residents have been evacuated . Others are waiting to see what happens , said Phyllis Wilkins , executive director of the Clark County chapter of the American Red Cross . "  There 's a lot of U-Haul trailers sitting in driveways ready to go , people sitting on porches watching the waters rise , " she said . "  Of course , these are people who 've lived on the river for a long time so they 're used to that routine . " Record or near-record floods are expected from Smithland , Kentucky , to Cairo , Illinois , on the Ohio River and then south to New Madrid , Missouri , downstream from the juncture of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers , Schwein said . If predictions are correct , the flooding could surpass records set in a mighty flood that inundated the region in 1937 . The Weather Service said the Ohio River at Cairo would crest at 61 feet on May 3 , 21 feet above flood stage and 18 inches higher than the 1937 mark . The Mississippi River is forecast to top flood stage as far south as Reserve , Louisiana , according to the agency . The National Weather Service said snow melt from the upper Midwest and rapid runoff from as much as a foot of rain in Mississippi and Ohio river valley states is contributing to the flooding . Three to 5 inches of additional rain expected in the next two days is built into the flooding forecast , Schwein said . Another bulge of water from melting snow is working its way down the Mississippi River now , Schwein said . The bulge , currently in Iowa , will extend the flooding but is not expected to increase crest levels , she said . Springdale , Arkansas , received 17 inches of rain between Friday and midmorning Tuesday . Poplar Bluff , Missouri , saw just shy of 13 inches . Arkansas ' Fayetteville and Eureka Springs received more than 12 inches . The total for Carbondale , Illinois , was 8.64 inches and Paducah , Kentucky , was at 8.24 inches . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Red Cross official : "  There 's a lot of U-Haul trailers sitting in driveways ready to go " Forecaster : Flooding in Kentucky and Missouri could eclipse records set in 1937 Illinois and Kentucky governors warn of the potential for "  historic flooding " Police evacuate parts of Butler County , Missouri , after a levee breaks there
DHAKA , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina 's Awami League won a landslide victory in Bangladesh 's first national elections in seven years , claiming nearly 230 of the 300 seats in parliament , the country 's electoral commission reported . Supporters of Bangladesh 's Awami League Party celebrate in Dhaka on Monday . With 295 contests decided , the Awami League had won 228 seats , giving it far more than the two-thirds majority needed to change the country 's constitution , the commission reported . The league 's closest rival , the Bangladesh Nationalist Party , won 27 seats , with one seat to be contested later . The results are an overwhelming win for Hasina over her longtime archrival , the BNP 's Khaleda Zia , in the first vote since an army-backed caretaker government took power in 2006 . The rivalry between the two former prime ministers runs so deep that they are known in the country as the "  Battling Begums , " for an honorific given to women of rank in the country . Monday 's balloting went off peacefully , except for a few isolated incidents of skirmishes and people complaining of not finding their names on voter rolls . Asif Saleh , executive director of the human rights group Drishtipat , told CNN that the turnout was close to 70 percent . "  On one hand , it was sending a clear message that the people of Bangladesh believe in democracy , " Saleh said . "  But on the other hand it 's also that they are looking for a sweeping change in the country . " He said anti-incumbent sentiment appeared to damage the BNP , which was in power for the five years before a 2006 state of emergency that was lifted only weeks ago . "  What was surprising was the kind of scale of the change , " he said . Political analysts say the true test of whether democracy can flourish in this Muslim-majority nation of 150 million people begins now . After its last stint in power ended in 2006 , the BNP handed over rule to a caretaker government to conduct elections , as mandated by the country 's constitution . But the Awami League refused to recognize the neutrality of the interim government , and Hasina accused Zia of stocking it with BNP backers . Supporters of both sides took to the streets in months of deadly clashes . To stem the tide of violence , a military-backed government took control in January 2007 and imposed an indefinite state of emergency , banning political events and postponing elections until it said it could clean up the country 's graft-ridden politics . Zia served a term as prime minister in 1991 , Hasina in 1996 and Zia once again in 2001 . As one took office , the other led strikes and street protests that kept the Muslim-majority country of 150 million people politically unstable and financially radioactive to international investors . Both face allegations of corruption , which each have dismissed as politically motivated . And Hasina was forced to curtail her campaign activities , relying on videoconferencing to address crowds as police investigated a report by CNN-IBN that a fundamentalist Muslim group had dispatched a six-member suicide squad to assassinate her . The group , Harkat ul Jihad al Islami is banned in Bangladesh . Hasina survived a prior attempt on her life in 2004 when extremists threw grenades at a rally , killing 20 and wounding hundreds . Past elections in Bangladesh have been marred by widespread instances of ballot box-stuffing and voter intimidation . To prevent a similar outcome this go-around , the election commission took unprecedented steps -- deploying 600,000 troops to maintain security and thousands of local and international observers to monitor the polls and issuing voter identification cards to 81 million eligible voters . The caretaker government that took power in 2006 adopted emergency powers that allowed authorities to arrest a person without a court warrant as long as there was reasonable suspicion that he or she was related to a crime , said the New York-based group , Human Rights Watch . A wave of detentions followed , and residents rejoiced at the drop in crime . By some estimates , more than 90,000 people were detained before some were released and others charged . The state of emergency was lifted on December 17 , leaving politicians less than two weeks to campaign . Among those arrested in the interim were more than 150 top politicians , including Hasina -- charged with taking bribes -- and Zia -- facing charges of graft of improperly awarding a multi-million dollar government contract . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Awami League claims nearly 230 of the 300 seats in parliament The rival Bangladesh Nationalist Party is in second with 31 seats Polls were the first after two years of an army-backed caretaker government The balloting went off peacefully , except for a few skirmishes
CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday temporarily blocked same-sex marriages in Wisconsin , pending appeals . The same judge last week struck down the state 's same-sex marriage ban . She did not stay her ruling then , allowing a number of same-sex marriages to proceed . "  After seeing the expressions of joy on the faces of so many newly wedded couples featured in media reports , I find it difficult to impose a stay on the event that is responsible for eliciting that emotion , even if the stay is only temporary . Same-sex couples have waited many years to receive equal treatment under the law , so it is understandable that they do not want to wait any longer , " U.S. District Judge Barbara Crabb wrote in her decision Friday . However , she added : "  A federal district court is required to follow the guidance provided by the Supreme Court . Because I see no way to distinguish this case from Herbert , I conclude that I must stay any injunctive relief pending appeal . " Crabb was referring to a Supreme Court case in which same-sex marriages in Utah were put on hold . Speaking about the judge 's ruling Friday , Carl Tobias , a constitutional law professor at the University of Richmond , said that Crabb clearly felt constrained by the higher court . "  That leaves Wisconsin couples married in the last week in legal limbo , like couples in Utah and Michigan who married after the bans were invalidated and before stays were issued , " he said . Same-sex marriage is legal in 19 U.S states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of these are in Europe and South America . Fast Facts : Same-sex marriage CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A federal judge temporarily blocks same-sex marriage The same judge struck down Wisconsin 's ban on same-sex marriage last week Friday 's decision leaves married same-sex couples in "  legal limbo "
CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called for dialogue and resolve to halt the recent rise in violence across the country and avert a "  civil war . " "  We should not let those extremists ignite the sectarian strife in this country , " he said Thursday in a nationwide address . Over the past three days , nearly 100 people have been killed and hundreds of others wounded in clashes between Iraqi security forces and Sunni tribes in northern Iraqi provinces , including Salaheddin , Nineveh and Kirkuk . In the latest clashes , gunmen and Iraqi federal police faced off Thursday night in the city of Falluja , a predominantly Sunni city in Iraq 's Anbar province , Iraqi police told CNN . At least four people were killed in fighting between gunmen and Iraqi security forces in the town of Qarataba , north of Baquba , police said . Elsewhere , at least one person was killed and seven were wounded when a car bomb exploded near an outdoor market in the Shiite holy city of Najaf , south of Baghdad , Iraqi police officials said . Iraq , on edge over violence , endures more bloodshed Al-Maliki called for dialogue among tribal leaders , government officials and security forces to stop the fighting from spiraling out of control and to keep the country 's nascent democracy from unraveling . The government Saturday held provincial elections throughout most of the country . There was minor violence during the vote , and the exercise was praised by international and Iraqi leaders . Sunnis , who comprise a minority of Iraqis , had clout during the Saddam Hussein era but have been politically marginalized since his overthrow . Shiites , who make up a majority of Iraqis , dominate the government . Since December , tens of thousands of Sunni demonstrators have taken to the streets , demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Deadly wave of bombings across Iraq ahead of elections Iraq was engulfed by Sunni-Shiite sectarian warfare in the last decade , and al-Maliki reminded the country that "  everyone will lose if civil war breaks out . " State TV showed file video footage of people being tortured under Hussein 's regime to remind Iraqis of past violence . The latest violence occurred in Mosul , in Nineveh province . Hundreds of Sunni tribe members attacked police checkpoints and security posts in a several neighborhoods , in protest against security force actions Tuesday in Hawija . From Wednesday night through Thursday , federal security forces killed 31 "  terrorists " and freed 17 police officers , said Mehdi al-Gharrawi , the commander of federal police in Mosul . At least eight police officers have been killed in the city since Wednesday , police said . The situation has since been brought under control .	NEW : Four people killed in clashes between gunmen and security forces , police say Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki : "  Everyone will lose if civil war breaks out " Violence most recently raged in Mosul Sunnis have been angry at the Shiite-led government
Mental Floss  -- Most guys pull them on every morning when they step out of the shower . In fact , at this very moment , there 's probably nothing closer to you than your underwear . It 's taken thousands of years to perfect the boxers or briefs that you 're wearing right now , though , so here 's a brief and incomplete look at the history of men 's underwear : Loincloths offer some coverage The first known underwear dates back almost 7000 years , when prehistoric man used leather to cover and protect his loins while running prehistoric errands . For several millennia , not much changed . Ancient Egyptian art shows everyone from the pharaohs on down the line decked out in loincloths of their own . The pharaohs even wore a sort of specialized kilt/loincloth called a shendoh , and took extra supplies of the garment into their pyramids for use in the afterlife . Codpieces become all the rage Variations on the loincloth seem to have persisted into the Middle Ages , when loose-fitting trousers called braies came into fashion . These linen duds extended from the waist to around mid-calf , and once the wearer stepped into his breeches he had to lace them tight around his waist and shins . Although all of the tying was n't so convenient , these braies had the advantage of offering a lot of coverage , so if a laborer got too hot he could strip down to his skivvies while still maintaining some sense of decorum . On the other hand , all of the lacing and cinching made answering nature 's call a bit of a hassle . Enter the codpiece . A codpiece that opened at the front using buttons , snaps , or laces enabled men to urinate without removing their braies , which really came in handy when you 'd had a bit too much mead . Mental Floss : 6 articles of clothing that caused riots These early codpieces were practical , but as hemlines rose , they started to take on a decorative function , too . When Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century , all of his loyal subjects followed suit .  Nevermind that scholars later speculated that Henry VIII 's bulging codpiece may not have actually been male overcompensation -- it may have been oversized to accommodate medication-soaked bandages to alleviate some of the pain from a suspected case of syphilis . It 's worth noting that modern scholars have mostly dismissed this theory .  Codpiece padding and growth continued throughout the mid-sixteenth century before tailing off around 1590 . Prizefighters get stretchy "  Boxers or briefs ? " Before the 1920s , this question would have gotten you little more than a blank look , mostly because neither boxers nor briefs had been invented yet . From Victorian times into the 1930s , men had mostly worn tight-fitting knee-length flannel "  drawers " beneath their pants and donned similarly snug flannel tops as undershirts . This state of affairs does n't sound too comfy , but things got a little more breathing room in 1925 . Jacob Golomb , the founder of the venerable boxing equipment company Everlast , started to tweak designs for the trunks worn by pugilists . Golomb realized that the leather-belted trunks fighters had been wearing were n't totally ideal , so he replaced the leather with more flexible elastic waistbands . Boxer shorts were n't an immediate success as underwear , though . They lacked the support that drawers and union suits had offered , so men were n't crazy about them . It really was n't until after World War II that boxer shorts took off to challenge their younger siblings , the briefs . Mental Floss : A brief history of shaving Postcard ispires tighty whities Underwear drawers changed forever in 1934 when Arthur Kneibler , an executive and designer at the Wisconsin hosiery company Coopers , Inc. , received a postcard from a friend who was visiting the French Riviera . The postcard depicted a man in a bikini-style bathing suit , and "  apparel engineer " Kneibler had an epiphany : could n't this type of swimsuit be converted into underwear ? After some experimentation , Kneibler introduced a new kind of snug , legless underwear with an overlapping Y-front fly . Coopers dubbed the new product "  Jockey shorts " because the high level of support the garment offered was reminiscent of jockstraps . Coopers took its first batch of Jockey briefs to Chicago 's landmark department store Marshall Fields on January 19 , 1935 . Although the weather was awful?Chicago was in the grip of a blizzard?the entire load of 600 pairs of Jockeys sold out on the first day . Within three months , the company sold 30,000 pairs of Jockey shorts . Coopers kept making and marketing its wildly successful underwear , and in 1971 the company changed its name to Jockey . Secret Service gives Joe Boxer a boost Designer underwear became all the rage in the 1970s and 80s as labels like Calvin Klein began to transform our drawers from something we hid under our pants into the sort of fashion and lifestyle choice one could flaunt in a bad music video . Cuts became tighter and sexier , and underwear designs became flashy , loud , and often humorous . One of the main beneficiaries of this new obsession with snappy underwear was Joe Boxer , which started making skivvies in 1984 when it filled an order for Macy 's that included a design with a Velcro-attached removable raccoon tail . Joe Boxer really jumped into the spotlight in 1985 , though , when it made boxers printed with the image of hundred-dollar bills . The Secret Service decided that these duds violated forgery laws and confiscated 1,000 pairs of the offending underwear . Instead of simply hiring lawyers , Joe Boxer turned the seizure into a lighthearted news event , and the image of boxers as a playful alternative to stolid briefs grew . Mental Floss : Symbolism and the $ 1 bill Underwear takes the nation 's economic pulse Although there have n't been many huge underwear breakthroughs since the introduction of boxer briefs in the early 1990s  and even those are sort of a throwback to the union suits favored by pre-1930s men  , boxers and briefs found their way onto the financial pages in early 2008 . That 's when former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan revealed that the state of the men 's underwear industry is an important indicator of the economy 's health . The logic Greenspan outlined regarding underwear was both simple and elegant . Most guys have a drawer full of fairly ratty underwear that they 'll wear until the elastic is dead and the boxers are riddled with holes . Since coworkers and friends generally do n't see a guy 's underwear , replacing these frayed undergarments often seems like a discretionary purchase for men . As such , when men start fearing the economy is in a downturn and need a place to save a little cash , they simply stop replenishing their underwear drawer with fresh Jockeys . Sounds reasonable enough , right ? Sure enough , when the economy started to tail off in 2008 , annual men 's underwear sales dropped by 12 percent . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	For thousands of years , men 's underwear consisted of loin cloths Codpieces allowed men "  convenience " while wearing braies Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century Boxers jumped into the spotlight when their design came under fire
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese artists are painting the globe red and the regional art market is no longer hostage to fickle buyers , the Asia president of auction house Christie 's told CNN . The Asian art market has typically been driven by savvy investors and China 's nouveau riche . "  Some invest in art as though it were a stock market , with artworks that are virtually split into multiples of dematerialized shares , " according to Artprice , an art auction research firm . Hong Kong 's "  success has been marred by the poor reputation of Chinese buyers , " according to a recent report by Artprice . "  In Hong Kong , Christie 's and Sotheby 's have both experienced non-payment problems that have led to court proceedings ... so much so that to avoid such problems , the major auction houses are now asking buyers to pay a HK$ 1 million  US$ 129,000  advance deposit for the more expensive items . " Deadbeat art buyers rise in China However , Christie 's Francois Curiel sees this paradigm changing . "  What was interesting this weekend is that with the exception of this picture  "  La foret blanche II " by Chu The-Chun  and maybe one or two others , there were no other records , " Curiel told CNN 's Patricia Wu . "  There were good , strong , solid prices and it seems that the speculative buyers have left town . " Christie 's annual autumn auction in Hong Kong , which ended Wednesday , grossed $ 334 million . Although art sales in the region were down by 15 % to 25 % the first half of the year , sales in the second half of the year bounced back , according to Curiel , Christie 's Asian head . Asia 's growing art scene is reinforced by various government initiatives and local auction houses . "  The relationship between art and money is totally uninhibited in China and generates ever more ambitious projects , " the Artprice report says . The "  world 's first financial center for art " is under construction in the city of Xiamen and is expected to be completed by 2014 . The $ 260 million project promises auction sales , exhibitions , appraisal services , galleries , art restorers and other related businesses , according to the developer Beijing Huachen Auctions Co. . Hong Kong is also developing a $ 3 billion "  integrated arts and cultural district , " in the West Kowloon district , according to a Hong Kong government report . With a market of burgeoning art buyers , artists from the region are making their mark , too . Their art is being sold for record hammer prices -- this year , a Chinese artist Chu The-Chun 's work sold for a record price -- the highest ever for this artist at US$ 7.7 million . "  Zeng Fanzhi and Zhang Xiao Gang are now the two Chinese artists in this very elite list of the top 10 living artists bringing more than $ 10 million in the world , " said Curiel , 60 , who is a renowned auctioneer in his own right . "  It was unthinkable five years to think they will be in the top 10 living artists in the world -- two Chinese artists -- but now it 's done , which shows the interest of Chinese contemporary art , not only in China but also in Europe and America . " Five Chinese artists , including Zeng Fanzhi , figure on Artprice 's list of top 500 contemporary artists in 2012 , along with the likes of Damien Hirst . For Christie 's -- which had global auctions and private sales totaling $ 3.5 billion in the first half of 2012 -- Asian market share is skyrocketing . Three years ago , Hong Kong accounted for only 3 % of global sales ; last year , Hong Kong accounted for 20 % of sales , Curiel said . Hong Kong is now the world 's third largest art market by auction sales , according to the Hong Kong government 's investment department . "  Few years ago , it was London , Paris and New York , " Curiel said . "  Now , it 's London , Paris , New York and Hong Kong . "	Asian art market has typically been driven by savvy investors and China 's nouveau riche Christie 's 2012 annual autumn auction in Hong Kong grossed $ 334 million With a market of burgeoning art buyers , artists from the region are making their mark Hong Kong is now the world 's third largest art market by auction sales
CNN  -- Swiss tennis star Martina Hingis is still finding mother knows best at the age of 33 . Coached for much of her career by her mom Melanie Molitor -- said to have named her daughter after another tennis icon , Martina Navratilova -- the five-time grand slam champion is using her mother 's advice both on and off the court . Hingis conjured some of her old tennis nous to surprisingly win the Sony Open doubles title alongside German Sabine Lisicki in Miami last month . But the doubles victory was just a diversion for Hingis , who is also borrowing some inspiration from her mom with a blossoming career as a tennis coach . "  I think a lot more about my mum now , " Hingis tells CNN 's Open Court with a flash of her trademark smile . "  It 's never easy to coach anybody . She 's the best . She really helps to coach and to mentor . She has so much more experience . " Hingis is presiding over a brood of young players on the clay courts of her new tennis center at Barcelona 's Real Club de Polo . As the juniors run drills round the red clay , her mom drops in to lend a hand and is soon on court with a pile of tennis balls heaped onto her racquet , ready for business . "  The goal is to grow slowly , " says Hingis of the new project , which she started in collaboration with former top-10 player Felix Mantilla and Karim Perona , who coaches Tommy Robredo and Flavia Pennetta . "  It 's a small , elite group of pros but in the future we want to work with kids , amateurs , veterans all the players . Anyone who wants to come here and learn is welcome . " Hingis ' caliber as a coach is growing . She has worked with Russian world No. 25 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and is now coaching the 2013 Wimbledon finalist Lisicki . In fact it was Lisicki 's idea to get Hingis to double up her role as coach and playing partner . "  I was practicing with Sabine and coaching her when she asked about playing doubles , " Hingis explained . "  I was like ` wow , that 's a bit unexpected ' but we talked about it last year at Wimbledon when she did so well . It 's nice that I can be the coach and playing partner of Sabine , it 's kind of killing two flies with the same thing ! "  To win an event like this after a seven-year absence I did n't expect it ! Standing there as a champion again was a really nice feeling . You feel invincible again when you win . "  I really enjoy the competition but I definitely would n't do it if I got knocked out in the first or second round again . " Young champ Hingis is understandably wary about making a habit of a comeback on the court . A glittering early career saw a 16-year-old Hingis set records as the youngest world No. 1 and , when she won the 1997 Australian Open , as the youngest player to win a grand slam in the 20th Century . After two more wins in Australia and the Wimbledon and U.S. Open crowns -- as well as nine grand slam doubles titles -- the "  Swiss Miss " retired from tennis in 2002 , plagued with injuries at the age of 22 . Four years later , Hingis returned to win a first mixed doubles title at the Australian Open and six more singles titles , only to retire again at the end of 2007 . "  Playing and winning was normal and natural , " reflected Hingis , who returned to play doubles with Daniela Hantuchova for a brief spell last season . "  You did n't have time to enjoy the moment because there was always the next tournament , the next challenge , the next opponent . "  I have more time now to enjoy it and look back at the memories . When they talk through my career I think ` oh yeah I was n't so bad ! ' "  Everything I achieved as a 16 , 17 , and 18-year-old teenager , I was going through all these difficult times , rebellion and I still have all these unbelievable victories , so I do n't have any regrets . " Even in the twilight of her career , Hingis ' deft , tactical game may still be capable of winning trophies but she is also learning that there is success to savor with a seat in the players ' box too . "  When a player improves , does the right thing that I 'm asking for , it 's like a small victory , " Hingis said . "  It 's a challenge to make the players better . Everything that I do now it 's a lot more thought through . "  Now I try and learn as teacher , as a coach , it 's like learning again . " Horse play Tennis has not only brought Hingis full circle , and closer to her mother through coaching , it has also helped fuel her passion away from game . "  I got my first horse when I was 14 and I bought her with my first prize money , " explained Hingis , an accomplished equestrian . "  It was something that I had for myself and did n't have to be perfect at ! With tennis you have to put it in the white lines and you want to win matches but with horses I did n't have the same pressure . "  Tennis was my job , horses were my passion and I wanted to keep it that way . " Her current steed is now stabled at Barcelona 's polo club alongside the 40 courts of her new tennis center . Under Barcelona 's brilliant blue skies , it seems Hingis has found the perfect balance between work and pleasure . Is Belinda Bencic the next Martina Hingis ? Swiss big cheeses : Stanislas Wawrinka beats Roger Federer	Martina Hingis won five grand slam singles titles in a glittering early career Swiss star claimed first title in seven years at Miami Open doubles in March Hingis is now coaching at her new tennis center in Barcelona The 33-year-old says when a player improves "  it 's like a small victory "
CNN  -- Genuine . Funny . The type of guy who 'd give you the shirt off his back . That 's how friends described Chad Wayne Oulson , who was fatally shot in a dispute about texting in a Florida cinema Monday . "  It is just going to be a huge hole in everybody 's lives for him and his family . He 'd give you the shirt off his back if he needed to , " Joseph Trapani told CNN affiliate WFTS . Oulson , 43 , was with his wife at the Grove 16 theater in the Tampa suburb of Wesley Chapel , where they were about to watch the Peter Berg film "  Lone Survivor . " They were on a lunch and movie date , WFTS reported . Her friends said that Oulson 's wife had taken off from work to spend the day with her husband during time off from his job . She works for USAA selling insurance , while Oulson did financial work for SKY Powersports in Port Richey , the affiliate said . At the movies , a confrontation arose between Oulson and a 71-year-old retired police officer when Oulson sent a text message during previews to his young daughter , police said . The former officer , Curtis Reeves , told Oulson to put away his cell phone , and a subsequent dispute ended when Reeves allegedly shot Oulson . Oulson 's wife was shot in her hand when she raised it as the bullet was fired , police said . The single bullet then went into Oulson 's chest . "  She 's a wreck . I mean she just lost her husband , the father of her little girl over something that should have never happened , " WFTS reported Trapani said . Reeves , a former Tampa Police Department officer , has been charged with second-degree murder . He was denied bond during his first court appearance Tuesday . According to an obituary on the website of Loyless Funeral Home in Land O'Lakes , Florida , a memorial service for Oulson is scheduled for Saturday . He was born in Alton , Illinois , and spent the last 20 years in Florida , according to the obituary . Oulson served in the U.S. Navy from 1990 to 1997 and was an aviation maintenance administration petty officer 2nd class , according to Navy news desk Lt. Richlyn Neal . He served during Operation Desert Storm . Oulson rode dirt bikes , loved boating , and was a motor cross enthusiast . He was a devoted father and husband . A sensational crime that strikes many chords "  Chad was funny . I remember when we all first started hanging out , I would tell him it 's like hanging out with my brother because we would pick at each other make fun of each other , give a hard time , " Glenda O'Meara , a friend , told CNN affiliate WTSP . Saverio Mongelli , a friend and neighbor , told WFTS that Oulson was always at the pool playing with kids . He loved water and his daughter . "  Good , genuine person , funny guy , " Mongelli said before breaking into tears . An autopsy on Oulson 's body was to be conducted Tuesday . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : A memorial service for Chad Oulson is scheduled for Saturday NEW : He rode dirt bikes , loved boating , and was a devoted family man NEW : Oulson served in the Navy during Operation Desert Storm He was with his wife when he was fatally shot at a movie theater Monday
CNN  -- Tyra Banks has gone from supermodel to super businesswoman . Tyra Banks shows off her real hair during an appearance on "  Larry King Live . " With her successful TV talk show , "  The Tyra Show , " as well as her duties as host/creator and executive producer of "  America 's Next Top Model , it would seem that Banks has scant room left on her plate . But she recently launched an online magazine called "  TYRA : Beauty Inside and Out . " Banks talked to CNN 's Larry King about her career aspirations , the "  F " word and the story behind her "  real hair . " The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Are you looking to be Oprah ? Is that it ? Tyra Banks : Am I looking to be Oprah ? Oh , Lord , if I tried , I would fail . King : But you 're approaching it -- magazines , shows , specials . ... Banks : She is like the -- the Godmama , you know ? There will never be another . There never has been and never will be another . But looking to be her -- no . I mean , I -- I started as a model , so there 's a path that 's quite different . King : The last time you were on you were dealing with the "  F " word , meaning fat . You were fighting back . There -LSB- was -RSB- a nonflattering tabloid photo of you -- remember ? In the swimsuit ? Banks : Yes . King : You lost weight since then . Banks : Yes . King : Do you still feel an image pressure ? Do you think -- you think like a fat person ? Banks : I do n't actually . You know , when I -- when I told the world to kiss my fat -- I can say "  ass " right ? King : Yes , you can . Banks : Yes . When I told the world to kiss my fat ass , I remained that size for two years . I maintained it with my ice cream and my salad with ranch and dressing and croutons and bacon bits . Like I -- I did n't look at myself even on television and think that I was too big or -- I do n't know . I did n't -- it did n't connect . But since I have lost a lot of weight , and it started with the -- a weight loss challenge , actually at the top of this year . So I 'm two years after "  kiss my fat ass . " King : When you look in the mirror , are you happy with the way you look ? Banks : I 've -- OK , I might be doing a little TMI -- do you know what TMI is ? Too much information ? Watch Banks discuss her body image " King : Well , give it to me anyway . Banks : I always feel great when I do n't have clothes on . So at home , by myself , walking past ... King : Oh , we 're glad you mean that now . Banks : Just too much information . But I always feel good that way . King : So you do n't look at yourself nude and say , "  Oh , I do n't like this . " You like it ? Banks : No , unless the lighting is bad in the dressing room . But , no . I always feel good . But sometimes certain clothes , when I put them on and they do n't fit the way that I would like them to , that 's when I tend to get self-conscious . King : All right . You kicked off season five of your talk show by revealing your real hair . Banks : Let 's talk about my hair right now . I know it 's been a big mystery . And I was like it was an unsolved mystery , and I felt like I needed to solve this mystery . Like I 've worn weaves and wigs and pieces and clip-ons and clip-outs and clip-downs and around since I was 17 , 18 , and I wanted to show the real me . I wanted to show the raw me , and I just got out of the shower -- beat the face first of course , you all -- and then came out of here -- on this stage , and this is me , you all . This is me . King : How did that feel ? Banks : Oh my God , it felt so liberating . It felt so liberating . I have worn fake hair since I was 17 years old . King : This -- is this real ? Banks : Yes . This is me . You want to feel my scalp ? King : Yes . Banks : Yes ? It 's a little kinky in the scalp . That 's like real black girl hair . But -- go -- go in there . Yes . That 's -- yes . It 's kinky . Exactly . My natural hair texture is very kinky . You felt my real hair texture . This is straightened . This part is straightened . This part is not , inside . But , I mean , hair for black women , we spend $ 9 billion a year on hair products -- black women do . So growing up as a young girl and seeing images in the media where they 're saying that a certain type of hair is beautiful and yours is n't is very difficult for a black woman -- for black women and it 's a -- it 's a long , political thing that we can do a whole show about . But I felt it was my responsibility to show as much of my real hair as possible .	Tyra Banks tells Larry King she is happy with her body image Unflattering photos of the former model had appeared earlier Since then , Banks says she 's lost weight Banks also shows off her natural hair
CNN  -- Cambodia and Thailand failed to resolve a weeklong military standoff over an ancient border temple that sits on disputed land . Cambodian Buddhist monks walk at Preah Vihear temple on Monday . An eight-hour meeting on Monday ended with both sides agreeing on only one point : that troops that each country has amassed at the site of the Preah Vihear temple will not fire on each other , the Thai News Agency reported . Officials will reconvene after Cambodia 's general election on July 27 . For now , the countries are seeking regional intervention from their Southeast Asian neighbors . Foreign ministers of the 10 countries that comprise the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  are meeting in Singapore this week . Cambodia has also sent a letter to the United Nations Security Council to call attention to the standoff . At the heart of the dispute is an 11th century temple to which Cambodia and Thailand lay claim . It sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 square km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand further says that the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia -- a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . This month , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- a designation U.N. gives to places it deems of outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph in the run-up to the general elections . The current flare-up began July 15 , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies that , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory .	Officials will reconvene after Cambodia 's general election on July 27 Cambodia has sent a letter to the U.N. Security Council to call attention to the row International Court of Justice awarded Preah Vihear temple to Cambodia in 1962 Thailand claims land around it was never fully demarcated
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Retired NFL player Keyshawn Johnson was jailed briefly after an argument with his girlfriend Monday , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . Deputies were called to Johnson 's Calabasas , California , home early Monday "  regarding a possible spousal assault , " a sheriff 's statement said . "  When deputies arrived , it was determined that the resident and his ex-girlfriend were involved in a domestic dispute , " the statement said . "  The ensuing investigation resulted in the arrest of the resident for misdemeanor domestic battery . " Johnson was released from the Lost Hills sheriff 's station after posting a $ 20,000 bond , sheriff 's spokesman Chad Watters said . Johnson , 41 , became an ESPN sports analyst after his career as a wide receiver ended in 2007 . More recently , he was a contestant on "  Dancing With the Stars " last year . He was the first person eliminated in the 17th season of the ABC show . Johnson also made news because of his feud with former neighbor Justin Bieber last May . Johnson went to Bieber 's home to counsel him about the dangers of going too fast on residential streets , but Bieber would n't speak to him , Johnson 's rep said . Both Bieber and Johnson have moved from that Calabasas neighborhood . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Deputies respond to "  spousal assault " call , sheriff 's department says Keyshawn Johnson charged with misdemeanor domestic battery , sheriff spokesman says Johnson became an ESPN sports analyst after his NFL career ended in 2007
CNN  -- World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time after wife Elin gave birth to a boy , Charlie Axel , on Sunday . Elin hands daughter Sam to Tiger after his victory at last year 's U.S. Open . The couple already have a daughter Sam Alexis , who was born in June 2007 , and proud dad Tiger announced news of the latest family addition on his official Web site on Monday . "  Elin and I are thrilled to announce the birth of our son , Charlie Axel Woods , " said Woods who has been sidelined since knee surgery following his 14th major triumph at the U.S. Open last June . "  Both Charlie and Elin are doing great and we want to thank everyone for their sincere best wishes and kind thoughts . "  Sam is very excited to be a big sister and we feel truly blessed to have such a wonderful family . I also want to thank our doctors , nurses and the hospital staff for their personal and professional care . "  We look forward to introducing Charlie to you at the appropriate time , and again thanks from all of us for your kindness and support . " The arrival of Charlie Axel comes as Woods prepares to return to the Tour with his earliest realistic comeback in three weeks at the Accenture World Match Play in Tucson where he would be the defending champion . However , reports suggest he may wait until the Tour comes to Florida , where he lives , next month . "  I have no restrictions -- it 's just a matter of getting my golf endurance up . I do n't have my golf stamina back yet , " he said on his Web site . "  I am excited about returning to competition . Early on I did n't miss golf because I enjoyed staying home with Elin and Sam and I knew I was n't physically able to play . "  The truth is , I would have embarrassed myself . Now I 'm getting my feel and practice back . It 's just a matter of playing more on the course . "  I 'm working hard to get myself back into tournament shape and will return as soon as I 'm ready . " Woods position at the top of the world rankings -- he was 11 points clear at the time of surgery -- is currently under threat from Spanish star Sergio Garcia who has closed the gap to less than three points .	World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time Wife Elin gave birth to boy , Charlie Axel , on Sunday Woods says on Web site Arrival of Charlie Axel comes as Woods prepares for Tour return after surgery
CNN  Taiwanese airline TransAsia has grounded 10 pilots for failing an oral flight test , as divers continue searching for the final victim of the crash of Flight GE235 which killed at least 42 people earlier this month . The failed pilots will undergo retraining before being allowed to fly again , the airline said , adding that each had an average of 6,900 flying hours , not a insignificant number for a commercial pilot . The 39 pilots who passed the oral test will have to sit a simulator test -- if they do n't pass , they too will be grounded , TransAsia said . Nineteen other pilots have yet to take any of the tests , but they wo n't be assigned any duties until they do so . The testing was recommended by Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration for pilots at the controls of ATR turboprop aircraft , the type involved in the February 4 crash . Meanwhile , rescue workers continue to search the muddy depths of the Keelung River in Taipei , where the flight went down , for the last unaccounted passenger . Two bodies were found around 600 meters downriver from the crash site on Tuesday , taking the final death toll to 42 . Officials said the bodies found were still strapped in their seats . Fifty-one search boats , three helicopters , and more than 450 people are working to find the remaining passenger , according to a statement from the Taipei City mayor 's office . Excavators are being used to dig the river bed amid theories that the final victim may be stuck in mud . TransAsia Flight GE235 crashed minutes after takeoff in the Taiwanese capital after the pilots struggled to correct problems with both engines , according to preliminary investigations by Taiwan 's Aviation Safety Council . The agency said the aircraft 's engines stopped producing power , one after the other , leaving the plane flying without thrust for more than one minute . Dashcam video taken by cars on a nearby highway showed the plane turning sharply left , before the wing hit the overpass and crashed into the river . Fifteen people survived the crash after being pulled from the submerged wreck . After the crash , Taiwan 's aviation authorities ordered special checks on all ATR 72s in the fleets of local carriers . TransAsia was involved in another deadly disaster last July . Forty-eight people died after an ATR 72 aircraft crashed as it was attempting to land in the Taiwanese Penghu Islands during bad weather . Journalist Annie Liao in Taiwan contributed to this report .	10 TransAsia pilots grounded after failing flight test Search continues for final victim yet to be found after crash 15 people survived when plane 's wing clipped bridge and crashed into river
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hours after declaring a state of emergency Saturday , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest . President Pervez Musharraf explains his actions in a televised address Saturday . Musharraf also suspended the constitution and dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court 's chief justice for the second time . On Sunday , police arrested the Javed Hashmi , the acting president of ex-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's opposition party was arrested , along with 10 aides , The Associated Press reported . Hashimi was arrested when he stepped outside his house in the central city of Multan , AP reported . The country is at a critical and dangerous juncture -- threatened by rising tensions and spreading terrorism , Musharraf said in a televised address to the nation after declaring martial law . As Pakistani police patrolled the streets of the capital , Islamabad , Musharraf said his actions were "  for the good of Pakistan . " Watch Musharraf 's speech " There was quick condemnation from within and outside his country . The Supreme Court declared the state of emergency illegal , claiming Musharraf -- who also is Pakistan 's military chief -- had no power to suspend the constitution , Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry said . Shortly afterward , government troops came to Chaudhry 's office and told him the president had dismissed him from his job . Justice Abdul Hameed Dogar was quickly appointed to replace him , according to state television . It was the second time Chaudhry was removed from his post . His ousting by Musharraf in March prompted massive protests , and he was later reinstated . See a timeline of upheaval in Pakistan " Musharraf complained in his speech that the media -- which he made independent -- have not been supportive , but have reported "  negative " news . Early Sunday , two dozen policemen raided the offices of AAJ-TV in Islamabad , saying they had orders to take the station 's equipment . The government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said Talat Hussain , director of news and current affairs for AAJ . Watch a former Pakistani P.M. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice -- who is in Turkey for a conference with Iraq and neighboring nations -- said The United States does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by Musharraf . "  The situation is just unfolding , " Rice said . "  But anything that takes Pakistan off the democratic path , off the path of civilian rule is a step backward , and it 's highly regrettable . " A senior Pakistani official said the emergency declaration will be "  short-lived , " and will be followed by an interim government . Martial law is only a way to restore law and order , he said . Mahmud Ali Durrani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , agreed . "  I can assure you , he will move on the part of democracy that is promised ... and you will see that happen shortly . " Musharraf was re-elected president in October , but the election is not yet legally official , because the Supreme Court is hearing constitutional challenges to Musharraf 's eligibility filed by the opposition . Under the constitution , Musharraf could n't run for another term while serving both as president and military leader . The court allowed the election to go ahead , however , saying it would decide the issue later . Some speculated that the declaration of emergency is tied to rumors the court was planning to rule against Musharraf . Musharraf has said repeatedly he will step down as military leader before the next term begins on November 15 and has promised to hold parliamentary elections by January 15 . Meanwhile , popular opposition leader Imran Khan said early Sunday that police surrounded his house in Lahore , barged in and told him he was under house arrest . Musharraf also had Khan placed under house arrest during a government crackdown in March 2006 . Asked about Musharraf 's actions Saturday , Khan said , "  We are going to oppose this in every way . " "  None of us accept ... this whole drama about emergency . " Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto -- who arrived in Karachi Saturday from Dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a "  wave of disappointment " at Musharraf 's actions . Watch crowds surround Bhutto upon her arrival " Bhutto -- who returned to Pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her Pakistan People 's Party to victory in January 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister . The nation 's political atmosphere has been tense for months , with Pakistani leaders in August considering a state of emergency because of the growing security threats in the country 's lawless tribal regions . But Musharraf , influenced in part by Rice , held off on the move . Watch a report on the volatile situation in Pakistan " Musharraf , who led the 1999 coup as Pakistan 's army chief , has seen his power erode since the failed effort to oust Chaudhry . His administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : President Musharraf orders troops to take a television station 's equipment Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan says he 's under house arrest President Musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country White House calls Musharraf 's emergency declaration "  disappointing "
CNN  -- Shark attacks were up last year , according to the University of Florida , but before you put that New Smyrna Beach timeshare on the market , please realize the numbers , statistically , are kind of meaningless . Then why on Earth is CNN writing about this , you ask ? Because research shows you like sharks and are prone to consume stories about their more violent sides . What is less clear is why . Despite the popularity of shark attack stories , the actual odds of a hammerhead latching on to your midsection during a morning swim are minuscule , especially when you consider that your toilet and the neighbor 's dog pose far more risk to you . You should also consider that if sharks had fancy news websites like CNN.com , their pages would likely be rife with  "  Jaws " - dropping ?  headlines about the estimated 30 million to 70 million of them that we kill every year . To be sure , sharks killed seven of us worldwide last year , according to Monday 's UF report . "  Shark attack as a phenomenon is extremely uncommon , considering the millions of hours humans spend in the water each year , " George Burgess , director of the Florida Program of Shark Research at the state 's Museum of Natural History , said in a news release . Shark seriously injures California surfer Let 's have a look at the numbers , and we 'll get back to the dangers of that toilet . There were 80 unprovoked attacks last year worldwide . An unprovoked attack is one in which the shark strikes first , as opposed to a provoked attack that often comes when a fisherman is trying to land one of the beasts with a hook or net . Eighty marked a slight uptick from 2011 . However , in the United States , there were 53 attacks , the most since 2000 . Also concerning to researchers is that for consecutive years there have been multiple attacks in western Australia  five in 2012  and off Reunion Island  three in 2012  , located about 400 miles east of Madagascar . Another startling statistic is that of the four attacks in South Africa last year , three were fatal . That 's a 75 % fatality rate , as opposed to a 22 % rate worldwide and a 2 % rate in the U.S. , where most shark attacks occur . It 's not that South African shark varieties are any fiercer ; the numbers are more likely a product of "  superior safety and medical capabilities in the U.S. , " Burgess said . Surfer dies after shark attack Here is a rundown of the U.S. attacks : -- Florida led the way at 26 , with Brevard and Volusia counties tallying eight and seven , respectively ; -- Then came Hawaii with 10 ; -- California and South Carolina were next with five each ; -- North Carolina registered two ; -- And Georgia , Massachusetts , New York , Oregon and Puerto Rico each had one . "  The numbers from an international standpoint were on target for the last couple of years because , in theory , each year we should have more attacks than the previous year owing to the rise of human population from year to year , " Burgess said . Most of those attacked , 60 % , were surfers , while swimmers and divers composed another 30 % of the incidents . That does n't mean you need to hang up your longboard or regulator . "  Shark attacks are rare and it does n't matter whether you call them attacks or bites or bumps -- your chances of having any of them are slim , " Burgess said . How slim ? The Florida Museum of Natural History has a host of phenomena that are more likely than a shark attack , and National Geographic in 2011 put together a list of things that are more likely to injure you . Among them : -- Since 1948 , those in any U.S. state with alligators had a better chance of being killed by one of the reptiles , which had killed 18 people as of 2005 , than they did of suffering a fatal shark attack . Conversely , those folks still had a slightly better chance of a nonfatal shark attack . -- Between 1985 and 2010 , Floridians were almost 21 times as likely to be killed by a tornado  125 deaths  as by a shark  six  . Between 1990 and 2009 , the state also saw 2,272 bicycle deaths , compared to four from sharks . -- In the coastal U.S. , lightning killed almost 76 times as many people  1,970  as did sharks  26  between 1959 and 2010 . -- From 2001 to 2010 , dogs killed more than 26 times the number of people  263  than did sharks  10  in the U.S. -- Between 1984 and 1987 , New York City had almost 1,600 incidents annually of humans biting other humans . That 's not really germane to this story so much as it is plain odd . -- Sand-hole collapses are n't generally considered among the greatest threats in the U.S. , as they killed only 16 people between 1990 and 2006 -- but that 's still five more people than sharks killed . -- In 1996 , toilets injured 43,000 Americans , buckets and pails hurt almost 11,000 and room fresheners were responsible for 2,600 injuries in the nation . Sharks injured 13 people that same year .  There are a variety of toilet-related injuries : Seats can fall , smashing boys ' genitalia mid-micturition ; cracks in toilet seats can pinch a user 's buttocks ; and , as the ladies have explained time and time again , gentlemen , leaving the toilet seat up can cause folks to crash into the toilet bowl , damaging their buttocks and/or tailbones . While it ca n't always be said that you have a better chance of winning the lottery than being the victim of a shark attack -- it depends on which type of lottery and how many people are playing -- it seems certain you 're better served watching out for that commode than for fins on the water . Happy surfing .	University of Florida issues new statistics , but numbers can be misleading You 're more likely to be injured by a toilet or sand hole collapse than by a shark Dogs killed almost 26 times as many people as sharks in first decade of 21st century
CNN  -- Solid support from registered Democrats and women in New Hampshire were crucial Tuesday as Sen. Hillary Clinton rebounded from her third-place finish in last week 's Iowa caucuses . Sen. Hillary Clinton has spent the past few days saying she has the experience to change Washington . She narrowly defeated Sen. Barack Obama in the New Hampshire primary , with 39 percent of the vote to Obama 's 37 . "  Last week , I listened to you , and in the process I found my own voice , " the New York senator said after her victory . "  Now let 's give America the kind of comeback that New Hampshire has just given me . " Forty-three percent of self-styled independents said they voted for Obama , and 31 percent said they backed Clinton . Independents made up 43 percent of all voters polled . Addressing his roaring supporters after the race was called , Obama congratulated Clinton . But he was a candidate determined to draw a distinction between Clinton and himself . "  But the reason our campaign has always been different , the reason we began this improbable journey almost a year ago , is because it 's not just about what I will do as president , " he said . "  It is also about what you , the people who love this country , the citizens of the United States of America , can do to change it . That 's what this election is all about . " But Clinton was ahead of Obama 45 percent to 34 percent among those who said they were registered Democrats . Those voters made up a majority -- 54 percent -- of all respondents . Clinton also claimed the majority of women 's votes , according to the polling . That 's in contrast to last week 's Iowa caucuses , in which Obama surprised observers by stealing the female vote from Clinton . Analysts say that shift among female voters was crucial to the Clinton turnaround . "  If I had a single word , the word would be ` women , ' " said CNN political analyst Bill Schneider . "  She got the women back . " And Schneider said the support of union voters that put Clinton over the top . "  Union voters have her a 10 point lead , " he said . CNN projected former Sen. John Edwards to finish third . College graduates , who made up 29 percent of the electorate , opted narrowly for Clinton -- 38 percent to Obama 's 37 percent , according to the polling . Those polled who called themselves very liberal , and moderate , went with Clinton over Obama -- although by less than 2 percentage points in each -- and those who said they are somewhat liberal were evenly split . Pundits also were citing the role of former President Bill Clinton in helping his wife recover from what pre-primary polls were suggesting was a deficit of 9 percentage points to Obama in New Hampshire . The former president spent Tuesday in Hanover -- home to Dartmouth College -- where Obama had been expected to win handily . "  They dispatched him to the area that Obama was surging , " said CNN analyst Donna Brazille , who managed former Vice President Al Gore 's campaign in 2000 . "  I think it had the effect of tamping down Obama support and giving Senator Clinton a real reason to come back in this race . " New Hampshire was considered crucial to Clinton 's campaign . If Obama had been able to sweep Iowa and New Hampshire -- after months of Clinton being considered the front-runner among Democrats -- it could have given him powerful momentum going into future primaries . "  Age is also playing a big factor -- older voters are overwhelmingly outnumbering younger voters -- a proportion that is clearly benefiting Clinton , " Schneider said . "  Sixty-seven percent of Democratic primary voters are over the age of 40 , and they are breaking heavily for Clinton over Obama . " Over the past several days , Clinton has trumpeted her experience , saying that she has delivered change as both first lady and as a senator . After losing to Obama in last week 's Iowa caucuses , it was unclear whether she could overcome what appeared to be Obama 's ability to electrify American voters who had previously taken a sour and skeptical view of politicians and the political process . The duel between the Obama and Clinton campaigns grew especially testy Monday and Tuesday . She said she had more experience than he , and was therefore more qualified . He accused her of representing the status quo of Washington . And on the eve of the New Hampshire primary , Bill Clinton criticized the media for not pressing Obama more fully on Iraq , and accused the Illinois senator of shifting his position to reflect changing attitudes about the war in Iraq . Then , there was an issue unto itself -- Hillary Clinton 's almost-tears . Clinton 's eyes welled up this week while responding to a voter 's question about her health and appearance . Pundits and voters alike questioned whether Clinton 's emotions were sincere or faked as part of some strategy to diminish criticism that she is too steely , too cold . In front of the crowd of mostly female New Hampshire voters , an admittedly fatigued Clinton responded to a question by saying : "  This is very personal for me , it 's not just political , it 's -LSB- that -RSB- I see what 's happening , we have to reverse it . " Her voice broke , and she was then applauded by the crowd . Polls indicated the show of emotions fared well with male voters , according to CNN 's John King , but turned off some female voters . Edwards was followed in votes by New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich . E-mail to a friend	Sen. Barack Obama has electrified younger voters Sen. Hillary Clinton has maintained favor with voters older than 40 CNN has projected Sen. John Edwards will finish in third place
Istanbul  CNN  -- A suicide bombing at a police station in Istanbul killed at least one police officer and left at least four wounded , police in Turkey said Tuesday . The attacker first threw a hand grenade and then detonated his suicide bomb , Istanbul police chief Huseyin Capkin said in a news conference . Capkin said police had "  more or less " determined the identity of the attacker , a male aged about 25 years old , but were not releasing it . The police chief did not link the attacker to any organization . He said there was some uncertainty about the number of wounded . Earlier reports put the number at eight . The blast appears to have taken place at the entrance to the police station in the Sultangazi neighborhood . Ambulances rushed to the scene , according to Turkey 's semi-official Anatolia news agency . CNN 's Yesim Comert and CNN Turk 's Hande Kolcak Kostendil contributed to this report .	NEW : The blast was caused by a suicide bomber , police say NEW : The attacker throws a hand grenade before exploding his suicide bomb Ambulances rush to the scene , the Anatolia news agency reports
EW.com  -- Nostalgia has been digitized . In "  Wreck-It Ralph 's " byte-size universe of arcade games , a pixelated panoply of characters  both copyrighted and made-up  commingle each day after the final quarter has been dropped . But for Ralph , the bulldozer-handed villain of the 1980s arcade relic Fix-It Felix Jr. , life is n't all power-ups and extra lives . An 8-bit brute with a heart of gold , Ralph  voiced with hangdog perfection by John C. Reilly  escapes his game on a quest to prove to the world that there 's more to him than just being bad . As the well-meaning Fix-It Felix Jr.  Jack McBrayer  and a rough-and-tumble space soldier  Jane Lynch  pursue him , Ralph ends up in "  Sugar Rush , " a racing game set in a confectionary wonderland of cotton-candy clouds , peppermint forests , and innumerable dessert puns of varying tastiness . ` Survivor ' recap : Malcolm 's Dirty Laundry There , he encounters a young racer named Vanellope  Sarah Silverman  whose glitchy nature invites the ire of the crazed Ed Wynn soundalike King Candy  Alan Tudyk  . Mark Hamill weighs in on the future of ` Star Wars ' The story itself risks getting overly sweet at this point , but miraculously it never melts into a syrupy wash . There are more videogame cameos and winks than you can shake a Wiimote at â $ " even the Konami Code , the gamer 's paternoster , makes an appearance â $ " but the real success of the film is its emotional core and the relationship between the two misfits . It does n't quite carry the heft of "  Toy Story , " but there 's a lot of heart packed into these zeroes and ones . B + See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Wreck-It Ralph 's " Ralph is voiced with hangdog perfection by John C. Reilly The story itself risks getting overly sweet at this point , but miraculously it never melts into a syrupy wash There are more videogame cameos and winks than you can shake a Wiimote at
PEOPLE.com  -- It looks like Sinead O'Connor is walking away from her 16-day marriage bolder but wiser . The "  Nothing Compares 2 U " singer , 45 , announced her split from fourth husband , Barry Herridge , on Monday , 18 days after the two tied the knot in a well-planned December 8 drive-through wedding in Las Vegas . Now , O'Connor tells Britain 's Sun tabloid , "  I do n't think I will even date anyone . " What sabotaged the union ? "  It felt like I was living in a coffin . It was going to be a coffin for both of us , and I saw him crushed , " she says of Herridge , 38 . "  The whole reason I ended it was out of respect and love for the man . " In addition , O'Connor owns up in the interview that she went on a frantic hunt for cannabis on their wedding night . "  We ended up in a cab in some place that was quite dangerous , " O'Connor is quoted as telling the Sun . "  I was n't scared -- but he 's a drugs counselor . What was I thinking ? " She adds : "  Then I was handed a load of crack . Barry was very frightened -- that kind of messed everything up a bit , really . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	O'Connor announced her split from fourth husband , Barry Herridge , on Monday The two tied the knot in a well-planned December 8 drive-through wedding in Las Vegas O'Connor says she went on a frantic hunt for cannabis on their wedding night
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has added to his tournament workload as he bids to return to winning ways in the majors this season . The 36-year-old American is stalled on 14 major titles -- four short of the all-time record held by Jack Nicklaus -- since his U.S. Open triumph in 2008 . His career has been interrupted by injury and well publicized problems in his personal life , but this year Woods returned to top form with victory in the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill . But disappointing showings at Quail Hollow , where he missed the cut , and the U.S. Masters and Players Championship have taken the shine off that win as he heads into the big tournaments this summer . Woods announced on his official website that he will play in the Greenbrier Classic for the first time before heading for the British Open at Royal Lytham in July . His arch-rival Phil Mickelson will also tee it up on the Old White TPC course which saw Australian Stuart Appleby shoot a remarkable 59 in 2010 to win the tournament . Woods , who has won 72 times on the PGA Tour , has previously built his preparation for majors around a restricted schedule of select tournaments , but earlier this season he sprang another surprise by playing in the Honda Classic for the first time since his teenage years . "  I 'm excited about my schedule and looking forward to competing , " said Woods , who will next head for the Memorial Tournament , hosted by Jack Nicklaus , which starts on May 31 . It will act as a tuneup for the second major of the season in the U.S. Open on the Olympic Course in San Francisco . His preparation events for the British Open will be the AT&T National at Congressional before heading to the Greenbrier resort in West Virginia .	Tiger Woods to play Greenbrier Classic for the first time Woods will use tournament as tuneup for British Open at Royal Lytham Woods won Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill earlier this year He has disappointed in three tournaments since that 72nd PGA Tour win
Philip Seymour Hoffman 's last wish for his son was that he grow up in New York , Chicago or San Francisco , according to the late actor 's will . Hoffman , who died of a heroin overdose earlier this month , left his entire estate to "  friend and companion " Mimi O'Donnell , who is the mother of his three children , according to the document released by the Manhattan Surrogate 's Court Wednesday . It was signed by Hoffman in October 2004 , when his son , Cooper , now 10 , was just a year old and before daughters Tallulah and Willa were born . "  It is my strong desire , and not direction to my guardian , that my son , Cooper Hoffman be raised and reside in or near the borough of Manhattan in the State of New York , or Chicago Illinois , or San Francisco , California , " Hoffman stated in the 13-page will . That provision was in a section that applied only if O'Donnell was not living at the time of his death and if a guardian was to be appointed for his children . If living in his preferred three cities was not possible , Hoffman requested that his son at least visit there twice a year . "  The purpose of this request is so that my son will be exposed to the culture , arts and architecture that such cities offer , " Hoffman 's will said . Noticeably absent from his list is Los Angeles , given Hoffman 's fame as a Hollywood actor . Hoffman named O'Donnell as his estate 's trustee and executrix of his will . Hoffman , 46 , was found on the bathroom floor of his apartment , a needle in his arm . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Hoffman , who was nominated for Academy Awards four times , won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "  Capote . " He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  Doubt , " and "  The Master . "	Philip Seymour Hoffman died of a heroin overdose earlier this month His 2004 will , written before daughters were born , was made public Wednesday Hoffman wants son exposed to culture , arts and architecture of three cities His estate goes to "  friend and companion " Mimi O'Donnell
