CNN  -- It was supposed to provide the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow , but the latest effort to fight homophobia in football is in danger of fading into monochrome . Stonewall , a UK-based gay , lesbian and bisexual charity , has teamed up with Irish bookmaker Paddy Power to promote a campaign which is asking football players across the country to wear rainbow colored laces . The organization has sent laces to all 92 professional clubs in England and the 42 in Scotland with the hope they will be worn this weekend . While some stars such as Queens Park Rangers and former England midfielder Joey Barton have been outspoken in their support , others are far from convinced . Several top clubs have objected to the way the campaign has been handled with reservations over the role of Paddy Power -- a betting firm which is notorious for its risque marketing techniques . Chelsea was just one club which objected to the bookmaker 's involvement . A club spokesman said : "  It 's important to say everyone at Chelsea is fully committed to tackling all forms of discrimination . We have fully endorsed the principles behind the campaign . We have a number is issues with it ... the tone of it , the lack of communication and the commercial part . " The Premier League was also unhappy with the way the campaign had been sprung on its clubs , claiming it would have done its utmost to aid Stonewall if it had been notified earlier . "  The underlying message behind this campaign is a good one -- indeed we and our clubs have worked hard with government and other stakeholders to ensure the whole equalities agenda is something we are fully aware of and engaged in , " a Premier League spokesman said . "  However , we were not consulted about this particular campaign . Had we been involved earlier in the process we could have worked with Stonewall to consider things like boot deals , the use of particular betting partners , and other issues . "  It is up to individual clubs and players to decide whether they support this campaign . We have let Stonewall know that we would be happy to talk to them in the future to discuss ways in which we could work together . " While several top clubs such as Manchester United and Tottenham have also refused to take part in wearing the rainbow laces , Stonewall is adamant the campaign has been hugely successful in drawing attention to homophobia in football . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has given his players the opportunity to make up their own mind , while Everton has said its players will wear the laces for the game against West Ham . "  It has been a fantastic success , " said James Lawrence of Stonewall told CNN . "  If you look at the response from clubs and individuals , we 've had huge support . "  The whole crux of the campaign was to call on people who wanted to wear the laces was to do so . It 's not for clubs to force individuals to do so . "  We want to give as many people who want to show their support the opportunity to do so . " While Stonewall has been hugely encouraged by the attention garnered by the campaign , it also acknowledges that it has received criticism for teaming up with a gambling firm . Paddy Power has courted controversy in the past with its advertising , with one commercial being pulled after it invited viewers to pick out transvestites and asked Cheltenham racing fans to "  spot the stallions from the mares . " "  Whenever you launch any kind of campaign there is always criticism , " argued Lawrence when pressed on the organization 's decision to team up with the betting firm . "  Working with Paddy Power opens up a whole new market and reaches people which Stonewall does n't traditionally deal with . "  The support the campaign has gathered has blown us away . " Paddy Power also insisted the campaign has been a success , due to the debate it has stimulated . "  Six days ago this issue was not on the news agenda . Now everyone is talking about it , which has to be a good thing , " a spokesperson told CNN . "  The hashtag RBGF has been trending worldwide , the majority of feedback is hugely positive and we have had more requests for laces from the general public than we 're currently able to cater for -- so we 've ordered 10,000 more . " One of the groups which has been particularly critical of the campaign is FootballvHomophobia , which has taken umbrage with some of the language used to promote the laces project . It is particularly concerned by the innuendo used and believes the campaign 's tag line "  Right behind Gay Players " is unhelpful in the battle against homophobia . A statement read : "  Our discomfort is with the reliance on sexual innuendo and stereotypes about gay men and anal sex , as exemplified by the tag line ` Right behind Gay Players ' . "  As an initiative with a strong focus on education , we feel it is incongruous to run a campaign aiming to change football culture whilst using language which reinforces the very stereotypes and caricatures that , in the long term , ensure that homophobia persists . " ` Rainbow Laces ' may have an important short term advantage of drawing attention to the issue of homophobia in football , but this needs to be followed in the long term with an informed and sensitive discussion around the contested nature of what constitutes discriminatory , offensive language as opposed to acceptable banter . " However , Paddy Power said it had taken advice from Stonewall "  to ensure the tone of this campaign is right . " "  We 've had a lot of positive support this week from the public in general and other bodies like the Gay Football Supporters ' Network , " its spokesperson said . "  We sent the laces out to clubs three days before the campaign went live to give them the opportunity to discuss this internally . The laces were accompanied by a full explanatory letter and invitation to get in contact with us if they had any questions . "  It 's pretty sad that some of the powers-that-be deem this not enough notice when it 's a simple case of players choosing whether or not they 'd like to wear a pair of rainbow laces . " Paddy Power also brushed off criticism that its involvement had hindered the campaign . "  The rainbow laces we 've provided are simply rainbow-colored and not branded , so they do not breach any FA rules or clash with any commercial deals , " it said . "  It 's a real shame that some in the game are using our involvement as a pretty weak excuse to prevent players from making a choice on whether they want to lace up to show their support . " However , the opposition has not put off other sports stars supporting the campaign , with English rugby players also getting in on the act . James Haskell , an England international who plays for club side London Wasps , plans to wear the laces this weekend while former football player turned television presenter , Gary Lineker , has also spoken of how he will boast the rainbow colors .	Football players in UK urged to wear rainbow laces to campaign against homophobia Organizer Stonewall tells CNN that campaign has been a "  fantastic success " Manchester United , Chelsea and Tottenham will not take part but Everton will FootballvHomophobia group unhappy at language used by bookmaker supporting the drive
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Baby showers herald the transition to motherhood . Roses , greeting cards and invitations to lunch , celebrate mothers every May -- well at least in most parts of the world . In Africa by and large the story is n't so rosy . Every 90 seconds , somewhere in the world , a woman dies from a pregnancy-related complication ; for them and their families there will be no Mother 's Day ever . On this glorious day , I want to put a spin on what we are all celebrating and ask each woman to take a moment to think about the thousands of women across Kenya and millions across Africa who may never celebrate Mother 's Day . The process of becoming a mother -- pregnancy - can be difficult and sometimes life threatening . We do n't like to talk about these difficulties and dangers . After all Africa is a continent of strong women . Myths and tales are told about how we give birth in the bush and minutes later we are on our feet going to fetch firewood or water . I think what 's even more startling is the fact that when these women pass away , no one remembers them or eulogizes them . You will be hard pressed to find an obituary item that says "  she lost her life , giving life . " For these women and their families , there is no Mother 's Day . That 's why this year , I ask you to heed my call and that of Amref and stand up for African Mothers , wherever they may be . According to the World Health Organization 's Trends in Maternal Mortality Report : • Every 90 seconds a woman dies from a pregnancy related complication , that 's 1,000 women a day • 90 % of these deaths are preventable • 99 % of maternal deaths that took place in 2008  most recent data from 2010 study  occurred in sub-Saharan Africa  57 %  and South Asia  30 % • 50 % of all maternal deaths take place during the first 48 hours after delivery . The causes for these astounding figures are not limited to the inability of women to access a health facility due to transportation costs ; only 10 % of women deliver at a health facility where a skilled birth attendant is present . Read more : African women need a hand-up not a hand-out In most African rural areas , expectant mothers are mostly taken care of by traditional birth attendants at their households , rather than at hospitals . The typical and entrenched mentality is that "  since my mom and mom 's mom delivered at home , why ca n't I ? " But the harsh truth is that poorly equipped with merely a kanga  garment  and razor blade , even the most experienced midwife in the village will find it impossible to handle deadly labor complications such as hemorrhage and high blood pressure . Another reason behind the high maternal mortality in Africa is women 's inferior social status . African women 's perceived inferiority to men leads to school dropouts and forced early marriages . A woman without proper education would not be self-protective in terms of reproductive health and a girl barely into her teens forced into early marriage risks her unprepared body in intercourse , both of which may raise the maternal death odds . To reduce maternal mortality and strengthen the poorly functioning health system a holistic strategy is necessary to be implemented . Without political will and good stewardship to revamp the health care system women will continue to die needlessly . It 's up to you and I to stand up for African Mothers . No woman should die while giving life . Every year 1.5 million African children are left without a mother . For them , there will be no Mother 's day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Mutoko .	Kenyan radio presenter Caroline Mutoko highlights maternal mortality in Africa Every 90 seconds , somewhere in the world , a woman dies from a pregnancy-related complication , according to WHO stats In most African rural areas , expectant mothers are mostly taken care of by traditional birth attendants at their households , rather than at hospitals
Beijing  CNN  -- With a few masterful strokes , Remon Wang turns the cuddly panda into a menacing state security agent , creating another wildly popular cartoon image across Chinese cyberspace . Donning an olive-green military coat and shooting red flames out of his eyes , Wang 's character delivers a powerful kick to a subdued American superhero , who hopelessly lies on the ground with his camcorder knocked over . The headline screams above : "  Pandaman vs. Batman premiere in China ; cast : Christian Bale , National Security . " The 38-year-old Chinese political cartoonist first drew the creature in December after learning of the "  Batman " movie star 's failed attempt to visit a prominent blind Chinese activist whose nearly 15-months of house arrest has drawn international criticism . A CNN camera captured the scene of guards roughing up Bale and stopping him from entering the activist 's village . "  It just came naturally to me when I saw footage of those guards in military coats , " Wang said , explaining the birth of Pandaman to CNN over the phone from his home in central Hunan Province . "  Panda is a national treasure , and ` national treasure ' and ` state security ' sound the same in Mandarin . " An instant hit with Chinese netizens , Pandaman went viral online within a few hours , generating countless comments and inspiring colorful imitations . Before long , however , censors -- who act on orders from government propaganda officials -- removed the image from the public feed of Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . For Wang , who signs his work as "  Rebel Pepper , " such a fate for his drawing is hardly unexpected . The advertising illustrator-turned-political cartoonist switched careers only two years ago but already knows well the daily battle faced by what he says is a "  rare breed " in China . "  I 'm a news junkie who loves drawing , and my advertising background trained me well to work under tight deadlines , " he said . "  I do this out of passion -- and I do n't think you 'll see many people join the few of us anytime soon because of all the limits and risks . " Wang jokingly labels himself a "  hardcore reincarnationist " on Sina Weibo , which he says has deleted his account for more than 180 times thanks to the sensitive nature of his posts . Although his pseudonym on the site was not accessible for a while , he managed to keep signing up with different names . Despite the censors ' best effort , Rebel Pepper continues to thrive in cyberspace , lampooning everything ranging from Beijing 's pollution , what he sees as China 's limits on religious freedom to North Korean leader Kim Jong Il 's untimely death . Calling any Internet restrictions doomed to fail , Wang especially enjoys interacting with like-minded peers online . When someone commented on the Bale story by tweeting , "  now that Batman has been beaten up , the only way forward is to organize Shrek , Wolverine , Iron Man and the Green Hornet for a group visit , " Wang quickly drew a second Pandaman cartoon . Titled "  Pandaman 2 : Superhero All-Star Contest , " the evil bear character -- still sporting his signature military coat -- strikes a classic kung fu pose while facing off against a slew of fighters for justice , including Batman , Superman and V from "  V for Vendetta . " "  People do feel more comfortable commenting using humor rather than direct criticism , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , founder of Chinese media-monitoring website danwei.org and a leading commentator on China 's social media . "  I think it 's also an expression of many absurd things that happen in China -- in some way , the only rational reaction is to laugh . " With more than 130,000 followers on just one of his several websites , Wang 's rising fame online has opened doors for him to traditional media . A newspaper in Taiwan has hired him as a cartoonist and several liberal Chinese publications also print his regular contributions . Ultimately , though , he aspires to become not just a satirist but also an iconoclast . "  Sometimes my cartoons give me a sense of accomplishment , " he said . "  But what I really want is to wake up my fellow countrymen by injecting a sense of civil society in their minds . China will change one day and I hope my work will help reduce the number of brainwashed citizens in the meantime . " This kind of lofty goal has already brought Wang a harsh reality check . After he created cartoons last year for a group of independent candidates who defied government warnings to run for seats in local legislatures , he says state security agents showed up at his door -- twice . "  I know their bottom line , " he said . "  If you draw mostly as a hobby , they leave you alone . But if you draw to rally people around a political cause , you 're crossing the line . " Recounting his initial fear of official reprisals , Wang says he 's since moved on and now feels undeterred by the potential consequences of his work -- and Pandaman has n't prompted another "  Pandamen " visit , yet . "  Getting such visits -- it 's like how a virgin feels about having sex , " he deadpanned . "  You 're scared before the first time , but after that you 're just not nervous anymore . "	Wang first drew Pandaman on learning of Christian Bale 's attempt to visit an activist An instant hit with Chinese netizens , Pandaman went viral online within a few hours Cartoons lampoon everything from Beijing 's pollution to China 's limits on religious freedom Wang says he feels undeterred by the potential consequences of his work
CNN  -- The county that brought us the Tour de France has notched up another cycling landmark -- the world 's first self-service city rental bike for kids . City authorities in Paris have decided that their widely imitated Velib rental bike program is so popular it should be extended to children as young as two . On Wednesday , Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo launched P'tit Velib , which offers four sizes of cycle in five leafy off-road locations across the city . "  Because good habits begin early , the mayor of Paris wishes to familiarize children with using more environmentally friendly modes of transport , and from a young age , " the P'tit Velib website says . Nadhera Beletreche , a spokeswoman for the mayor 's office , told CNN the plan was the first of its kind anywhere . Chunky gray bikes Velib was launched in July 2007 and now claims to have more than 20,000 of its chunky gray bikes available from 1,800 docking stations around Paris . The service , which offers half an hour of free riding followed by incremental charges , was reportedly used to make 130 million trips in its first five years . Although Velib followed numerous earlier bike-sharing and rental plans , it grew to become one of the world 's most successful . The model of using corporate sponsorship and computerized docking stations has been imitated by other cities such as London . The new children 's bikes -- designed with the same gray stylings as their adult counterparts -- are available to rent in the Bois de Boulogne near the Porte La Muette and the Rond-Point du Jardin d'Acclimitation , the Ourcq Canal , the Bois de Vincennes and the banks of the Seine , between the Pont des Invalides and the Pont De l'Alma . Rental rates start at â ‚ ¬ 4  $ 5.40  . Further locations are expected to open later in the year .	P'tit Velib program claims to be the first self-service bike rental scheme aimed at kids Four sizes of cycle aimed at kids as young as two are available for hire Paris hosts one of the world 's most successful adult bike hire plans , with more than 20,000 cycles available
CNN  Fifty-five years after "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " Harper Lee is publishing a second book , her publisher said Tuesday . "  Go Set a Watchman , " which Lee completed in the 1950s and then set aside in favor of "  Mockingbird , " will be published July 14 . It follows Scout , the little girl of "  Mockingbird , " as an adult . The manuscript was rediscovered last year , Lee , 88 , said in a statement from her publisher , Harper . "  In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ` Go Set a Watchman , ' " she said . "  It features the character known as Scout as an adult woman , and I thought it a pretty decent effort . My editor , who was taken by the flashbacks to Scout 's childhood , persuaded me to write a novel  what became ` To Kill a Mockingbird '  from the point of view of the young Scout . "  I was a first-time writer , so I did as I was told . I had n't realized it  the original book  had survived , so was surprised and delighted when my dear friend and lawyer Tonja Carter discovered it . After much thought and hesitation , I shared it with a handful of people I trust and was pleased to hear that they considered it worthy of publication . I am humbled and amazed that this will now be published after all these years . " "  Watchman " is set in the 1950s and is about Scout -- Jean Louise Finch -- returning to her hometown of Maycomb , Alabama  a fictional version of Lee 's hometown of Monroeville  , to see her father , the upright lawyer Atticus Finch . "  She is forced to grapple with issues both personal and political as she tries to understand her father 's attitude toward society , and her own feelings about the place where she was born and spent her childhood , " the press release said . "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " which Lee wrote after she moved to New York , made her name . The book , published in 1960 , won the Pulitzer Prize and was made into a beloved 1962 film . Gregory Peck won the Oscar for best actor for his portrayal of Atticus Finch . It 's a mainstay of high school reading lists and , as of 2006 , had sold more than 30 million copies . Lee , who returned to Monroeville several years ago , remembers being caught off-guard by its overwhelming success . "  I ca n't say that  my reaction  was one of surprise . It was one of sheer numbness . It was like being hit over the head and knocked cold , " she said in 1964 . Until now , it had been her only published novel . Jonathan Burnham , Harper 's senior vice president and publisher , called "  Go Set a Watchman " "  a remarkable literary event . " "  The existence of ` Go Set a Watchman ' was unknown until recently , and its discovery is an extraordinary gift to the many readers and fans of ` To Kill a Mockingbird , ' " he said in the statement . "  Reading in many ways like a sequel to Harper Lee 's classic novel , it is a compelling and ultimately moving narrative about a father and a daughter 's relationship , and the life of a small Alabama town living through the racial tensions of the 1950s . " Sandy Smith at Monroeville 's chamber of commerce said news of the book was "  great news . " "  Our main street director told me and she had heard it from the book store . It 's definitely great news , " she told CNN . "  Everyone has always speculated about a second book . Everyone who read  ` Mockingbird '  has said , ` Oh I wish she had written another book . ' It 's good for Monroeville . Her book brings people here every day . " However , Smith honored Lee 's desire to maintain a low profile . The author has been a quiet presence for years . "  Oh , I do n't talk about Ms. Lee , " Smith said when asked if she ever sees Lee around town . "  Our policy is not to comment on Ms. Lee personally . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this story .	Harper Lee 's new novel is "  Go Set a Watchman " The book will be her first since 1960 's "  To Kill a Mockingbird "
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II is to head below ground Wednesday with Prince Philip and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , to mark the 150th anniversary of the London Underground . The royals are visiting central London 's Baker Street station -- a stone 's throw from the home of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's legendary fictional detective Sherlock Holmes at 221B Baker Street . The queen was forced to cancel some visits last week because she was experiencing symptoms of gastroenteritis . Once below the surface , the royal party will view a restored underground coach dating back to 1892 and talk to the people involved in bringing it back to its former glory . They will then walk through a new S7 train , which will be officially named "  Queen Elizabeth II " after the monarch . The royals will also meet the head of London Underground and other transport officials . The London Underground celebrated 150 years in January since the first passengers traveled underground between Paddington and Farringdon on the Metropolitan Railway . The Tube , as the Underground is known , is a big part of Londoners ' life , with more than 1 billion journeys made each year on its network . The royals will also meet with representatives of the Railway Children charity , which works to help vulnerable children who live alone and at risk on the streets . Prince William 's wife Catherine is expecting their first baby in July . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	The queen , Prince Philip and Catherine visit Baker Street station Their visit is part of celebrations to mark 150 years of the London Underground They will see a restored underground train carriage dating back to 1892
DORCHESTER , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Friends , family and colleagues paid tribute to Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy on Friday evening with a three-hour wake capped by a chorus of "  When Irish Eyes Are Smiling . " Joseph P. Kennedy II recalls how his "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the family . An estimated 45,000 people filed past the Democratic legend 's flag-draped casket at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library before the event . Connecticut Sen. Christopher Dodd , who has tried to shepherd Kennedy 's signature cause of universal health care through the Senate this year , summed up his appeal in three words : "  People liked him . " "  Some people born with a famous name live off of it . Others enrich theirs , " Dodd said . "  Teddy enriched his . " Kennedy died Tuesday night at age 77 after being ill with brain cancer for 15 months . He had represented Massachusetts in the Senate since 1962 , leaving his stamp on "  nearly every important law passed in the last half-century , " Dodd said . He became the patriarch of the first family of Democratic politics after the assassinations of his brothers , President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , during the 1960s . One of Robert Kennedy 's sons , former Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy II , fondly recounted how "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the children of his slain siblings . Watch Vice President Biden explain how Kennedy "  crept into my heart " " "  The truth of the matter is that for so many of us , we just needed someone to hang on to , and Teddy was always there to hang on to , " he said . "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us . " The wake was held at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in suburban Boston , a building "  that Teddy built and brought to life with his dedication to public service , " said the slain president 's daughter , Caroline . Kennedy 's own presidential aspirations were hobbled by the controversy around a 1969 auto accident that left a young woman dead and a 1980 primary challenge to then-President Jimmy Carter that ended in defeat . But while the White House eluded his grasp , he played major roles in passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act and the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act . "  He constantly renewed my faith and optimism in the possible , " Vice President Joe Biden said at the memorial . "  I never once saw your father with a defeatist attitude , I never saw him petty . I never saw him act in a small way , and as a consequence he made us all bigger -- both his friends , his allies and his foes . " Kennedy was an outspoken liberal standard-bearer during a conservative-dominated era from the 1980s to the early 2000s . He died as President Obama , whom Kennedy boosted in the 2008 presidential campaign , is pushing for a wide-ranging overhaul of the U.S. health insurance system , a fight the dying senator called "  the cause of my life " in a July issue of Newsweek . Kennedy was famous for his close friendships with colleagues across the Senate aisle even as his name was an anathema in Republican campaign materials . Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch said the Kennedy name was "  my very best fundraiser , " but that he developed "  a strong working relationship with and love for the man I came to fight . " Watch Hatch tell how he won a big favor from Kennedy " "  If you would have told me that he would become one of my closest friends in the world I probably would have suggested that you need professional help , " Hatch said . A visibly emotional Hatch said he last saw Kennedy "  a couple of months ago , " and the two had their picture taken together . "  That means so much to me , " Hatch said . "  I had to say it was a wonderful occasion , and I miss fighting in public and joking with him in the background . I miss all the things we knew we could do together . " Arizona Sen. John McCain , the GOP 's 2008 presidential candidate , said Kennedy "  taught me to be a better senator . " "  He was the most reliable , the most prepared and the most persistent member of the Senate , " McCain said . "  He took the long view , and he never gave up . " McCain added , "  I think most of my colleagues would agree the place wo n't be the same without him . " The senator 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday at Boston 's Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section , with at least 40 of Kennedy 's fellow senators and former presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush slated to attend . Obama , who called Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader " on Wednesday , will deliver a eulogy at the funeral , according to several sources . Prime Minister Brian Cowen of Ireland , the famous clan 's ancestral homeland , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown are also expected to attend , a family spokesman said . Kennedy will be buried Saturday evening at Arlington National Cemetery , outside Washington , 95 feet south of the grave of Sen. Robert Kennedy , which is in turn just steps away from John Kennedy 's burial site .	Joseph Kennedy : "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us " Family celebrates senator 's life with "  music , laughter and stories " Sen. Chris Dodd sums up Kennedy with , "  People liked him " GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch says he grew to love "  the man I came to fight "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban -- under pressure in fighting with the military -- said Tuesday it wants to return to a peace deal that recently collapsed . The fighting in the Swat Valley region has forced thousands of civilians to abandon their homes . That collapse sparked the ongoing massive military operation , a Taliban spokesman said Tuesday . Taliban militants in Swat Valley have announced that they are willing to disarm if the Pakistani government allows sharia , or Islamic law , to be implemented in the region , a spokesman for Taliban mediator Sufi Mohammed said . The government rejected the offer , saying the Taliban must pull out of Swat or face arrest , state information minister Syed Sumsam Ali Shah Bukhari said Tuesday . According to Bukhari , the offer shows that the Taliban 's morale is down and they are retreating . The lastest round of fighting has killed an estimated 1,100 Taliban militants and 75 Pakistani security personnel , Pakistan 's military said Tuesday . Another 226 Pakistani security personnel have been wounded , the military said . Watch journalists tour of the Swat Valley battlefront " Mohammed negotiated the previous deal between the Taliban and the government , which called for the same arrangement . That deal fell apart because the Taliban refused to disarm and moved into the Buner district , located outside of the region that the government allowed them to control . The government has said it will only allow sharia if it does not contradict Pakistan 's constitution . There are many interpretations of Islamic law , but the Taliban 's version has curbed human rights , forcing women indoors , men to grow beards , and shops to stop selling movies and music . The military operation against the Taliban in northwest Pakistan has resulted in the exodus of more than 2.4 million civilians since May 2 . The United Nations estimates that it 's the biggest movement of people in Pakistan since the country was formed in 1947 . It is also believed to be the fastest population flight in the world since the Rwandan genocide in 1994 .	Pakistani Taliban says it wants to return to peace deal that recently collapsed Spokesman says they want return to sharia law in return for peace Fighting has seen more than 2.4 million people register as displaced persons
CNN  -- Fernando Verdasco denied fellow Spaniard David Ferrer a third successive final appearance at the Barcelona Open after coming from behind to win a tense last-four clash on Saturday . Fifth seed Verdasco , the losing finalist last weekend in Monte Carlo , triumphed 6-7  3-7  7-5 6-1 to set up a title showdown with second seed Robin Soderling on Sunday . Verdasco was a break down as he trailed 4-3 in the second set , but battled back to win in more than two and half hours in the claycourt event . Ferrer had been hoping to make up for his past two final defeats against Rafael Nadal , who opted to rest this week after crushing Verdasco to win a record-equaling sixth title in Monte Carlo , but the eighth seed was soon 5-0 down in the decider . Verdasco is through to his third final this year , having won the SAP Open tournament in San Jose in February . The 26-year-old has won only once in five meetings with Soderling , who crushed young Dutchman Thiemo de Bakker 6-1 6-4 in Saturday 's second semifinal . The Swede needed just one hour and 16 minutes to end the challenge of the 21-year-old , who fought back to make the scoreline respectable after trailing 4-0 in the second set . De Bakker , who has risen to a career-high 67th in the world rankings this month , upset third seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarterfinals to follow up his earlier win over clay specialist and former world No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero .	Fernando Verdasco reaches second final in a week with victory at Barcelona Open Verdasco denies compatriot David Ferrer third successive final outing in Spanish event Fifth seed comes from behind to triumph 6-7  3-7  7-5 6-1 in Saturday 's first semifinal He will face second seed Robin Soderling in final after Swede crushed Thiemo de Bakker
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's prime minister warned Saturday that his country "  stands on the brink , " as its soldiers cornered Tamil Tiger fighters in an assault that is trapping more than 50,000 civilians on a small plot of coastal land . Sri Lanka 's defense ministry says this handout photo shows troops with a captured Tamil Tiger craft Thursday . The United Nations estimated the number of civilians , who were trapped on about 1.5 square miles  four square kilometers  of land . Government troops seized the last remaining coastal stretch under the control of Tamil Tiger rebels , the Ministry of Defense said Saturday , marking a possible end to more than 25 years of fighting in the island nation . The seizure marks the total capture of coastline territory previously controlled by the rebels , it said , after army divisions advanced from the north and south to link up . An army source told CNN that about two square kilometers in the region remain to be captured , and that military officials expect that to happen in a couple of days . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began . "  Sri Lanka stands on the brink , " Prime Minister Rathnasiri Wickremanayake said in a written statement . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " "  We have called repeatedly for the violence to cease . The humanitarian agencies must be granted access to civilians caught in the crossfire of a dreadful conflict . Watch iReporter Thileepan 's footage of the "  safe zone " " "  We are backing U.N. efforts to secure an orderly end to the conflict . The LTTE must lay down its arms and allow civilians to leave . Sri Lanka must understand that there will be consequences for its actions . " No formal declaration of victory is expected at least until Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa returns to the country from Amman , Jordan , where he is attending the World Economic Forum . In an address to the summit in Amman on Saturday , Rajapaksa said the Sri Lankan armed forces had defeated the rebels . "  I will be going back to my country Sri Lanka that has been totally freed from the barbaric acts of terrorism of the LTTE . This freedom comes after 30 long years . " "  Our economic prosperity must essentially rest upon global peace and stability . Terrorism has for decades denied us this right . All eleven countries gathered here today have suffered the effects of terrorism , some more than others . "  Terrorism has raised its ugly head in different forms from time to time and destroyed all development initiatives in most of our countries " he said . On Friday , the Navy arrested the wife of Soosai , a leader of Sea Tigers -- the ocean-going arm of the rebel group . His daughter and son-in-law were also arrested . Navy officials , quoting those who were arrested , said Tigers leader Velupillai Prabhakaran is believed to be inside the area of the latest fighting . Other sources have said he has escaped . CNN 's Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	No formal declaration of victory expected until President Mahinda Rajapaksa returns PM : Country is on the brink , we have called for violence to stop Rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils since 1983 Navy officials : Tigers leader Velupillai Prabhakaran believed to be in area of fighting
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Army carried out airstrikes late Wednesday that targeted militant hideouts in the country 's volatile northwest , killing 15 people , the military said . "  Foreign fighters " were among those killed in the strikes in North Waziristan Agency , according to a statement Thursday from the military . North Waziristan is a Pakistani Taliban stronghold in Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . The area is dangerous and hard for journalists to reach , making it difficult to independently verify the military 's account . Mir Ali , where the strikes took place , is one of the biggest towns in North Waziristan . Attempts to reach people living in the area were not immediately successful Thursday . The strikes destroyed a large cache of arms and ammunition , the military said . The Pakistani government said this week that it had suspended peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban . The talks lasted for about 13 days , but the militant group carried out several deadly attacks during that time , the government said . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad ; Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong	The strikes target an area near the Afghan border known as a Pakistani Taliban stronghold The Pakistani government suspended peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban this week
Atlanta  CNN  -- Georgia 's parole board heard a last-minute appeal Monday by Troy Davis , who is set to die by lethal injection for the murder 22 years ago of a Savannah police officer . Members of victim Mark MacPhail 's family also appeared at the parole board hearing to describe their loss , saying afterward they felt the panel listened to what they had to say . A jury convicted Davis of murder in 1991 , paving the way for his execution , which has been delayed three times and is now scheduled for 7 p.m. Wednesday at a state prison in Jackson , Georgia . In a statement , the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles said it would not reach a decision in the case until Tuesday at the earliest . Options for the board include commuting a death sentence to either life without parole or life with the possibility of parole , or denying clemency -- which , in this case , would clear the way for Davis ' execution . The panel also can delay the execution to continue its consideration of the case . MacPhail , a police officer , died in 1989 after being shot three times . Since Davis ' 1991 conviction , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted or contradicted their testimony . There also have been questions about the physical evidence -- and , according to some , the lack thereof -- linking Davis to the killing . "  We believe that we 've established substantial doubt in this case , " said Stephen Marsh , the defense attorney for Davis . " And given the level of doubt that exists in this case , we believe that an execution is simply not appropriate . " A small group of Davis ' supporters protested outside the building where Monday 's meeting took place . A banner saying "  Free Troy Davis Now " was hung nearby , and several protesters carried signs . On Sunday , Amnesty International , the NAACP and Georgians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty asked people to join them Monday for prayers , musical performances and speeches outside the building . According to these groups , there have been about 300 rallies , vigils and events worldwide in the past week or so . In addition , they say that more than 1 million people have signed a petition in support of Davis ' bid to be exonerated . But Joan MacPhail , the victim 's widow , said after the hearing that those protesting against the execution do n't understand the facts of the case . "  We have lived this for 22 years . We know what the truth is , " she told reporters . "  And for someone to ludicrously say that he is a victim -- We are victims . Look at us . We have put up with this stuff for 22 years . It 's time for justice . We need our justice . " In a 2008 statement , then-Chatham County District Attorney Spencer Lawton described how Davis was at a pool party in Savannah when he shot another man , Michael Cooper , wounding him in the face . Davis was then driven to a nearby convenience store , where he pistol-whipped a homeless man , Larry Young , who 'd just bought a beer . Soon thereafter , prosecutors said , MacPhail -- who was working in uniform , off-duty , at a nearby bus station and restaurant -- arrived . It was then , the jury determined , that Davis shot the officer three times , including once in the face as he stood over him . Davis ' lawyers , in a federal court filing , insisted that there is "  no physical evidence linking " Davis to MacPhail 's murder . They point , too , to "  the unremarkable conclusion " of a ballistics expert who testified that he could not find definitively that the bullets that wounded Cooper and killed MacPhail were the same . Georgia 's attorney general , in an online statement , claimed that the expert said the bullets came from the same gun type and noted that casings at the pool party shooting matched -- thus came from the same firearm as -- those found at MacPhail 's murder scene . Two decades ago , a jury convicted Davis on two counts of aggravated assault and one each of possessing a firearm during a crime , obstructing a law enforcement officer and murder . The latter charge led , soon thereafter , to his death sentence . While reviewing Davis ' claims of innocence last year , the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia found that Davis "  vastly overstates the value of his evidence of innocence . " "  Some of the evidence is not credible and would be disregarded by a reasonable juror , " Judge William T. Moore wrote in a 172-page opinion . "  Other evidence that Mr. Davis brought forward is too general to provide anything more than smoke and mirrors . " The odds do not appear to be in Davis ' favor . The parole board denied him clemency once before . And the board has never changed its mind on any case in the past 33 years . After Monday 's hearing , the victim 's mother , Anneliese MacPhail , praised the parole board members for listening to what her family had to say . "  They talked to us . They gave us time that we did not get all of the time , " she said in reference to previous hearings . "  Sometimes we were rushed out of there in 30 minutes and we felt really rejected , you know , hurtful . This time , I think , was really , really good . And I feel confident . That sounds awful , but that 's the way I feel . " Choking back tears , MacPhail 's daughter , Madison , said she told the panel that "  the future that we would have had together was taken from us . The future he could have had with this family was taken . " Meanwhile , the Rev. Raphael Gamaliel Warnock , who also testified Monday , said before the hearing that he believes "  there is too much doubt in this case for an execution . " "  I have met with  Davis  on death row , " Warnock said . "  I believe he is innocent . " -- CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's family tells parole board about their loss Troy Davis is set to die by lethal injection on Wednesday The parole board hears he 's not guilty of Mark MacPhail 's murder The Savannah police officer died after being shot three times in 1989
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The female police officer who killed a U.S. contractor in Kabul on Monday is an Iranian national , an Afghan government official said Tuesday . Sediq Seddiqi , an Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman , said the Afghan police officer is an Iranian citizen who met her Afghan husband in Iran . After they eventually went to live in Afghanistan , he managed to help her illegally obtain Afghan citizenship . The United States has long been concerned about Iranian terror-related activity against U.S. targets . But Seddiqi said he does n't have evidence to link the attacker to militant groups carrying out acts of terror . She was arrested and was questioned , he said . It was the latest in a number of so-called insider attacks by Afghan soldiers and police officers , or attackers dressed like them . More than 50 people have been killed in Afghanistan in similar attacks this year , which the Afghan government calls acts of terrorism . A biannual Pentagon report to Congress this month said there 's been an overall increase in insider attacks on U.S. or coalition training forces . Monday 's incident marked the first such attack involving a female attacker , said Hagen Messer , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The victim was identified as Joseph Griffin , 49 , of Mansfield , Georgia , according to DynCorp International , which describes itself as "  a global government services provider in support of U.S. national security and foreign policy objectives , delivering support solutions for defense , diplomacy , and international development . " The civilian contractor for the security assistance force was working as an adviser to Afghan police , said Maj. Martyn Crighton , another ISAF spokesman . DynCorp said Griffin had been supporting the Afghan Interior Ministry and Afghan National Police Development Program . Griffin , a veteran of the U.S. military who had served in U.S.-based law enforcement positions , had supported several of the company 's global training and mentoring programs since November 2000 . He began his most recent assignment in July 2011 , DynCorp said . "  Joe spent his career helping people all over the world , most recently working to help the Afghan people secure a better future , " said Steve Gaffney , chairman and chief executive of DynCorp International . "  The loss of any team member is tragic , but to have this happen over the holidays makes it seem all the more unfair . "	NEW : Attacker met her Afghan husband in Iran , Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman says Shooting is the latest in a wave of insider attacks The shooter is the first female suspect in such acts The victim was an adviser to Afghan police
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Four people died while coming down the southern slope of the mountain during the weekend after reaching Mount Everest 's 8848-meter  29,028 foot  summit , officials said . The victims have been identified as Ebehard Schaaf , 61 , a German medical doctor ; Sriya Shah , 33 , a Nepali-born Canadian woman ; Song Wondin , a 44-year-old man from South Korea ; and Wen Ryi Ha , 55 , of China , according to officials with the tourism and civil aviation ministry and at the base of the mountain . "  Climbers climbing down the mountain have said that they have seen the body of the Korean , " said Tilakram Pandey , of the tourism and civil aviation ministry , by phone from the base of the mountain . The Korean had earlier been reported missing . There were reports of a Nepali missing as well , but those reports could not be verified , Pandey said . Overheard on CNN.com : Is Mount Everest like ' a morgue ' ? David Breashears , a climber and filmmaker who has reached Everest 's peak five times , told CNN that anyone still unaccounted for after nightfall has poor prospects for survival . "  You will surely perish at night at those elevations and those temperatures without the safety of a tent and the protection of a warm sleeping bag , " Breashears told CNN . The cause of the German 's death has been diagnosed as high-altitude cerebral edema , according to Ang Tshering Sherpa of Asian Trekking , which organized his expedition . What is altitude sickness ? Mountaineers often expend all their energy while ascending the mountain and do not think about energy needed to come down . "  As a result , they become weak and suffer from altitude sickness , " Sherpa said . And Breashears said a "  tremendous number " of climbers attempt to scale Everest at this time of year , sometimes leading to delays atop the mountain . "  It 's a period when all the camps are in , all the supplies are in , the fixed ropes are ready and they 're waiting for an abatement of the jet stream winds , " he said . Saturday was also windier than usual . On Saturday a 73-year-old Japanese woman , Tamae Watanabe , had climbed the mountain from the northern side on the Tibet-China border to become the oldest woman on the summit . Bal Krishna Ghimire , a spokesman of the tourism and civil aviation ministry , said that mountaineers began summiting the mountain from the south side this spring season only since Saturday , about 10 days later than usual , because of adverse weather conditions . The spring mountaineering season , which lasts from March 1 to May 31 , is the most popular season to climb the Himalayan peaks in Nepal . With these four deaths the number of people killed on Everest this year has reached six , ministry official Dipendra Poudel said . Two Nepali sherpas died on the mountain earlier this month .	NEW : Odds of surviving a night outside camp are poor , a U.S. expert says At least four people have died coming down from Everest 's summit , officials say Adverse weather conditions delayed summiting from the south side , another official says With four deaths , six have been killed this season so far , ministry official says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A well-known Iranian filmmaker has written an open letter calling for the release of journalist Roxana Saberi . In a letter , Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi blames himself for urging Roxana Saberi to stay in Iran . Bahman Ghobadi said he kept quiet about the arrest and conviction of the Iranian-American journalist at the request of her family . After Saberi was convicted last weekend and sentenced to an eight-year prison sentence , he said he felt he had to do something . He told CNN that Saberi , whom he described as his fiancee , is caught in a "  game of politics . " In his letter , which has been posted by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , Ghobadi blames himself for urging Saberi to stay in Iran despite her desire to leave . Also , he writes , "  My letter is a desperate call to all statesmen ... and to all those who can do something to help . " "  From the other side of the ocean , the Americans have protested against her imprisonment , because she is an American citizen , " he writes . "  But I say no , she is Iranian , and she loves Iran . I beg you , let her go ! I beg you not to throw her in the midst of your political games ! She is too weak and too pure to take part in your games . Let me be present at her trial , sit next to her wise father and gentle mother , and testify she is without guilt or reproach . " The 40-year-old filmmaker said that Saberi was planning to leave the country , but he kept her from leaving until his latest film -- which will be shown at this year 's Cannes film festival -- was completed . Ghobadi won the 2000 Golden Camera award at the Cannes festival for his feature film , "  A Time for Drunken Horses . " Saberi , 31 , was sentenced Saturday to eight years in prison after a one-day trial that was closed to the public . The decision prompted sharp denunciations from President Barack Obama , as well as other U.S. and international officials . Iranian officials initially said Saberi was held for buying a bottle of wine . The Foreign Ministry later said she was detained for reporting without proper accreditation . On April 9 , word emerged that Saberi had been charged with espionage . Saberi 's lawyer has said he will appeal the verdict . Judiciary Chief Ayatollah Hashemi Shahroudi has ordered the head of Tehran 's Justice Department to make sure the appeals process is quick and fair . Ghobadi wrote that he is "  optimistic about her release , and I firmly hope the verdict will be canceled in the next stage of the trial . " "  My Iranian girl with Japanese eyes and an American ID , is in jail . Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " CNN 's Igor Krotov and Shirzad Bozorghmehr contributed to this report .	Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi writes letter calling for release of jailed journalist Filmmaker says fiancee Roxana Saberi is caught in a "  game of politics " Journalist "  is without guilt or reproach , " filmmaker 's letter says "  Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " the letter concludes
Bayonne , New Jersey  CNN  -- If you do n't know Chuck Wepner 's claim to fame , you will in a hurry after you enter his small apartment in this gritty North Jersey city on the Hudson River . Maybe you 'll see the framed poster of the most famous boxer of all time in his office , the one autographed , "  To Chuck and Linda : Good luck to my dear friends , from Muhammad Ali . After me , there will be no other . P.S. Stay off my foot ! "  We 'll explain that in a minute  . Or maybe he 'll hand you a business card for his job as a liquor salesman . Flip it over , and you 'll find a photo of a young Wepner , boxing trunks pulled over his navel , standing over a fallen Ali in the ring . Or maybe he 'll sit down in his recliner and tell you one of his favorite stories , like the night he came back to his hotel room after he survived 15 rounds with Ali in a stunning 1975 fight . "  The day before the  Ali  fight , I took my wife out shopping and bought her a powder-blue negligée , because I told her , ` You need to look right when you sleep with the heavyweight champion of the world , ' " he said . "  The night I lost , my  ex -  wife is sitting on the edge of the bed in the negligée and she asks , ` So , am I going to Ali 's room or what ? ' " But you do n't have to meet Wepner to know why he 's famous -- and why he 's about to become even more well-known in the coming months . You 've seen the movies , all six of them , in the theaters or a few dozen times on cable TV . Sylvester Stallone played Rocky in the famous film series . Wepner is Rocky , the man who went almost the full 15 rounds  the fight was stopped in the 15th  with Ali in 1975 to inspire the Oscar-winning movie . But his real-life story is actually more fascinating , more layered and compelling , than the one that has raked in more than $ 1 billion . That 's why ESPN is making a documentary about his life , and why Hollywood is making another movie about the man who inspired Rocky . But Wepner is clear on one point . "  This is not another Rocky movie , " he said recently . "  It 's a movie about the real Rocky . " The changing face of women 's boxing The real Rocky is one of boxing 's true characters , a burly former Marine nicknamed the Bayonne Bleeder who went from fighting in smoky New Jersey clubs to knocking down  but not out  the mighty Ali . He 's also a man who spent three years in prison for cocaine possession but rebounded to find the love of his life . He has a story about the night he asked Linda , his wife , on a date . "  I used to drink vodka all the time , but I remember that the beer cooler was on the other side of the bar and you had to bend over to get into it , " he said . "  So she bent over and got one and I said , ` You wan na go out ! ' I picked her up after work that day . That 's a true story . " They 're all true stories . Or , at least mostly true . Again , with 72-year-old Wepner , it 's always best to let him explain . "  There 's one scene in  the movie  , I 'm in a hotel room with a couple of my go-go girls , " he said . "  I 'm pouring champagne all over their bodies and drinking the champagne . "  I said  to the writer  , ` You got me laying in the bed with three go-go girls pouring champagne over them . It was only two ! ' And he said , ` Chuck , three , four , five girls , people will believe anything about you ! ' " Liev Schreiber is set to portray him in "  The Bleeder , " which is scheduled to hit theaters in 2012 , while Christina Hendricks will play Linda and Naomi Watts will play his first wife . The project has been in the works for more than seven years , and Wepner is convinced it can shock the world the way Stallone 's fictional version did 35 years ago . But first , sports fans will revisit Wepner 's career with an hourlong ESPN documentary , set to air on October 25 , called "  The Real Rocky . " Mike Tollin , who has produced sports movies like "  Coach Carter " and documentaries like "  The Bronx is Burning , " is producing both projects . "  With Chuck Wepner , " Tollin said in a phone interview , "  you have a guy who outside of certain parts of New Jersey can be treated almost like a fictional character , but you have this fascinating chapter of boxing lore and all these real-life characters to draw from . " None of this would have happened if Wepner 's mother did n't interrupt him during an episode of "  Kojak " in 1975 and tell him to pick up that day 's newspaper . Promoter Don King had chosen Wepner to fight Ali , but no one had bothered to tell him . Q&A : USA Boxing Coach Gloria Peek It was supposed to be an easy fight for Ali , who had just stunned George Foreman in Zaire to regain the heavyweight championship . Ali was 45-2 , at the peak of his fame . Wepner ? He was no slouch , but not in the same league . Larry Merchant , the longtime boxing writer for The New York Post , called it "  a fight between a house painter and an artist . " But Wepner spent seven weeks "  laying off the booze and women , " he said , training for his moment . And it lasted more than a moment . On March 24 , 1975 , Wepner went 15 rounds with Ali , briefly knocking him to the canvas in the ninth round .  Wepner insists he hit the champ with a shot just below his heart ; Ali has long contended that his opponent stepped on his foot . Watch Wepner knock down Ali The fight made him famous , but the movies changed his life . Stallone was watching in Los Angeles , and two years later , Wepner was sitting in a Manhattan theater thinking , "  I hope this movie 's decent . " "  It was amazing ! " Wepner said . "  I had no idea . It was amazing . After the knockdown of Apollo , the crowd started jeering him and started cheering for me . People are coming up to me and hugging me , ` CHUCK ! Great movie ! ' " But the movie is only one twist in Wepner 's life . He retired from boxing and wrestled "  Andre the Giant " at Shea Stadium , the massive pro wrestler spun him in the air before tossing him out of the ring . He also partied . A lot . Watch Wepner fight "  Andre the Giant " "  You know what it was ? The late '70s and early '80s , it was all parties , " Wepner said . "  Everywhere you went there was cocaine . I 've got to be honest with you , it was a great , great time in my life , other than getting in trouble . I managed to get through that and everything is great now . It was one party after another . I used to be out from Thursday to Sunday . It was so much fun . You might say the good times were very addictive . " The trouble : Wepner was arrested in 1985 for cocaine possession . He spent nearly three years in prison , but he re-emerged clean and , with Linda , happy . Plus , in 2006 scored his biggest victory outside the ring : He settled a lawsuit with Stallone for using him as his inspiration for the Rocky series .  Details of the settlement have not been revealed . Now , he 'll have a documentary and a movie on his life and career , which is more fascinating than anything a screenwriter could dream up . But for the real Rocky , this is no case of sudden fame . "  Somebody said to me , ` Wow , you 're finally getting some recognition . ' " Wepner said . "  For 36 years , I 've been the champ . "	Former heavyweight boxer Chuck Wepner fought Muhammad Ali in 1975 The match , and Wepner 's life story , inspired Sylvester Stallone 's "  Rocky " movies Wepner was arrested for cocaine possession in 1985 ; spent time in prison ESPN will air "  The Real Rocky , " a new documentary about Wepner , in October
CNN  -- An Ohio jury on Monday will begin the sentencing phase for convicted serial killer Anthony Sowell , ultimately deciding whether he should receive life in prison or the death penalty for killing 11 Cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 . Jurors on July 22 convicted Sowell of 11 counts of aggravated murder and more than 70 other charges , including abusing corpses and kidnapping . The sole not-guilty verdict came on an aggravated robbery charge . During the sentencing phase , Sowell will be able to make a statement on his own behalf without being under oath or facing cross-examination from prosecutors , said Ryan Miday , a spokesman for the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office . The defense can also call expert witnesses to discuss Sowell 's background , including his childhood and his military service . Sowell has been classified as a "  sexually violent predator , " meaning parole is not an option , Miday said . If jurors decide to recommend that Sowell die for his crimes , the judge can overrule that recommendation and impose a life sentence . But if jurors decide to spare Sowell 's life , the judge can not impose a death sentence , said Greg Popovich , Cuyahoga County court administrator . Sowell 's convictions ended a saga that began in October 2009 with the discovery of the first two victims ' remains inside Sowell 's home . He eventually was accused of killing at least 11 women ranging in age from 25 to 52 . He grew up in East Cleveland , joined the Marines at age 18 and traveled to California , North Carolina and Japan , authorities said . Sowell served 15 years in prison for attempted rape before being released in 2005 . People who met him after his release described him as "  a normal guy . " He was known locally for selling scrap metal . Sowell 's inconspicuous two-story home sat in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant , where at one point one in five homes was in foreclosure and at least a third of the residents received food stamps , according to a 2010 study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . A stench hovered around the area , but no one realized it was the scent of decaying human flesh , instead assuming it was a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . Many of Sowell 's victims struggled with drug addiction at some point , and court records showed many resorted to stealing and prostitution to support their habits . The disappearances of the women -- many of whom lived near him -- went largely unnoticed for two years , with only four women being reported missing . In late 2008 , a woman named Gladys Wade told police that a man in a gray hoodie offered her beer , and when she declined he punched her in the face several times . Wade said he then attempted to rape her , dragging her toward his home , and that she escaped after "  gouging his face . " Police investigated Wade 's complaint , and one police report noted the presence of blood droplets on Sowell 's walls and steps . But officers told CNN affiliate WKYC that the case was dropped after Wade declined to press charges . Six more women disappeared after her complaint . The first bodies were discovered after a 36-year-old Cleveland woman told police a story similar to that of Wade , as well as the woman whose 1989 account led to Sowell 's attempted rape conviction . She said he had invited her into his home for beer , punched her in the face and began performing oral sex on her -- letting her go only after she promised to return the next day . Most of the women whose remains were found in and around Sowell 's home had been strangled by ligature , which can include a string , cord or wire , and at least one had been strangled by hand , officials said . Seven women still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . A skull was all that remained of one victim ; it had been wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed in a bucket in the home 's basement . At Sowell 's trial , his defense rested without calling any witnesses or presenting any evidence , according to CNN affiliate WOIO . His defense attorneys have declined previous requests by CNN to explain their case .	Anthony Sowell will receive life in prison without parole or the death penalty He was convicted of killing 11 Cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 He has been classified as a "  sexually violent predator " The sentencing phase of Sowell 's trial begins Monday
CNN  -- On Monday , a federal court struck down Alabama 's medically unnecessary law that singles out doctors who provide abortions and requires them to secure admitting privileges at a local hospital . The court called the justification for the law "  exceedingly weak . " As an obstetrician-gynecologist , I could n't agree more . This decision is an important win for American women and for the practice of medicine . Let me be clear : We all want women to receive safe medical care . But these laws  a number of states have adopted them  do not make women safer . In fact , they have quite the opposite effect , as they will make it harder for women to access medical care , potentially forcing them to seek abortion services later in their pregnancy . These laws also jeopardize women 's safety by forcing qualified physicians to stop providing abortions for reasons having nothing whatsoever to do with medical safety . That is why leading medical groups like the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association oppose them . Whether a physician who provides abortions has hospital admitting privileges is not a reflection on the physician 's ability to provide quality abortion care . While hospital privileges in theory should be awarded based on physician competency , they in fact are often denied for reasons unrelated to the physician 's medical qualifications . For example , to obtain privileges , hospitals often require physicians to admit a certain number of patients each year . But doctors who provide abortions will likely never admit the minimum number of patients because complications are very , very rare . Here 's what is important to remember : Abortion is already extremely safe , and for the vast majority of abortions , hospitals do not need to play a role in the patient 's care . Abortion has a more than 99 % safety record , with a less than 0.3 % risk of complications that could merit hospital treatment . More than 90 % of abortions in the United States are performed in outpatient settings and almost all the complications that do arise can be treated on an outpatient basis . It 's one of the safest medical procedures performed in the United States today , period . In the exceedingly rare event of a complication , women 's health centers have procedures in place to ensure that a woman gets the care she needs . Admitting privileges -- or lack thereof -- do n't have any effect on a woman 's ability to receive emergency care if she needs it . In our modern care delivery model , emergency room physicians , hospitalists and hospital staff are trained to identify and treat all these types of patient situations . Even procedures with much higher rates of complication and mortality , such as colonoscopy , are not subject to these burdensome requirements because it 's clear that they are not needed to keep patients safe . These baseless restrictions serve solely to prevent qualified , competent physicians from providing safe abortion care to women who need it . To put it simply , there is no medical reason to treat abortion providers any differently than other medical professionals . As the Alabama court found , the law would have forced all but two health centers in the entire state to stop providing abortions . A similar law in Mississippi would force the last remaining clinic in the state to shut its doors , leaving women in the state with no place to safely end a pregnancy . Similar requirements have devastated women and families in Texas and threaten to close clinics in Oklahoma , Louisiana and Wisconsin . These laws are clearly not motivated by women 's safety , but by making access to safe , legal abortion difficult -- even impossible . Monday 's court opinion recognizes that a woman is safest when she can make the decision about abortion with her family in consultation with her doctor , free from political interference . It clears one obstacle in the path of women -- and their doctors -- in Alabama . In states across the nation , legislators who truly care about women 's safety would do well to work to eliminate unfounded restrictions to abortion , instead of continuing to introduce them .	John Jennings : Court strikes down Alabama law that erects barriers for abortion doctors He says law purported to protect women , but instead bars them from medical care Hospital privileges requirement an anti-abortion ruse . Abortion a very safe procedure , he says Jennings : Legislators who truly care about women 's safety will work to prevent these laws
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has issued a warning to American citizens traveling or residing in Uganda to maintain a high level of vigilance as a major African Union summit gets underway Monday . The security warning comes a week after a trio of bombings killed 74 people in Uganda 's capital , Kampala , during the World Cup final . Many of those killed and injured had gathered to watch the match . A Somali Islamist militant movement claimed responsibility for the July 11 bombings at two venues . "  All U.S. citizens should consider the possibility of similar terrorist attacks occurring in conjunction with the African Union Summit , " officials said in a statement released Friday . The summit , which will focus heavily on maternal and child health , began Sunday and continues through July 27 , according to the African Union website . Officials are encouraging Americans to take appropriate steps to increase their security awareness in large public gatherings , which they say can be vulnerable targets for extremist or terrorist groups . The travel alert expires August 15 .	The U.S. State Department issues a travel warning for Uganda The alert comes a week after bombings killed 74 in Kampala during the World Cup final Americans should "  maintain a high level of vigilance , " officials say The travel alert expires August 15
London  CNN  -- Armed with a silky-smooth voice and an uncompromising spirit , Nigerian singer/songwriter Ola Onabulé has won admirers around the world . With a career spanning nearly two decades , the Nigerian singer has often been described as one of music 's best-kept secrets . Onabulé says that although he can hear "  the hidden compliment " in that phrase , he works hard to do even better . "  It 's not right that I should be a secret , I mean this is n't a profession in which to be kept a secret , " he says . "  You stand on a stage and put it out there because you want as many people as possible to hear your song or your idea or your message . " His musical style blends his African roots with elements of jazz and soul , while his passionate singing moves between the heights and depths of emotion . In tune with his wide-ranging vocal skills , Onabulé 's songs encompass a wide range of topics , from personal experiences to social-minded commentary . "  I write songs about why in my dear continent we spend as much time as we do harking back to the things that were done to us in the past when , although they are incredibly valid these sentiments , there is also the argument for as much time to be put into finding our way out of this difficult situation , " says Onabulé . Born in London to Nigerian parents , the velvet-voiced singer moved to Nigeria at an early age . The vivid memories of pounding African drums and spicy Nigerian food followed him back to the United Kingdom where he returned just before he turned 17 . That transition was n't without its challenges , says Onabulé , as he spent the first couple of years trying to figure out his place in the world while bridging his different cultures . "  I spent a very long time working out where I fitted in the whole scheme of things , " he says . "  Subconsciously I think I very much wanted to be a Nigerian , wanted very much to be an African and I had to work out a way of negotiating how I could do that whilst knowing that for survival purposes also I had to assimilate as much as possible into where I found myself in amongst here . " Initially set for a career in law , Onabulé abandoned his studies to follow his passion for music and pursue a rather more uncertain career as a singer . His talents did n't go unnoticed and in the early 1990s he was signed by record label Elektra . However , his encounter with the system of big record companies did n't last long . "  I learned through bitter experience what I definitely , absolutely wanted and what I did n't , " he says . "  There was  a lot of kind pre-described , focus group-type artist development where you 'd bring a song in and people take their metaphorical scalpels out and shave bits -- ` the kids wo n't love that , the kids wo n't love that ' -- take bits off . " When the deal fell apart little more than a year later , Onabulé says he knew "  without a shadow of a doubt that I wanted as much autonomy as possible and that would mean walking my own path independently . " Onabulé 's perseverance saw him eventually building his own studio and setting up his own label . He has seven albums under his belt so far , and his latest offering , "  Seven Shades Darker , " was released earlier in 2011 . As in his previous works , Onabulé 's African roots are evident in his latest album and influence the message he is trying to convey . He says : "  I 'm very keen for Africa to change its course , to find its way and really find a way of standing shoulder to shoulder with the league of nations . "  If I switch on the news and I see another sad story about Africa , I wonder , I want to write a song that says how come we have n't managed to get across the fact that repeatedly on the United Nations ' happiest countries lists the top 10 counties are almost always African ? I mean how come we do n't get that story across ? How come it 's always the representations of poverty and corruption , brutality ? "	Ola Onabulé is an acclaimed Nigerian singer and songwriter He blends Afro beats with jazz and soul while his lyrics often tackle tricky issues He 's blazed his own trail in a career that has produced seven albums
Rome  CNN  -- The trial began Saturday for Pope Benedict XVI 's former butler over the alleged leaking of hundreds of secret papers from the pope 's personal apartment to an Italian journalist . The butler , Paolo Gabriele , could face a sentence of up to eight years in an Italian prison if convicted , although it is possible the pope could choose to pardon him . He is charged with aggravated theft . Gabriele did not enter a plea but has admitted leaking the papers to the Vatican prosecutor , according to Vatican statements . Vatican computer technician Claudio Sciarpelletti , who worked in the Vatican 's secretariat of state , is also on trial , accused of complicity in the crime . If found guilty , he faces a shorter prison term of only a few months . The Gabriele case is thought to be the most significant ever heard in the Vatican City courthouse , which has handled mostly petty theft cases in the past . Corruption claims based on the leaked documents rocked the Catholic Church hierarchy and could even affect who becomes the next pope . Pope 's butler leaked papers to shock ` corrupt ' church Saturday 's initial session was held under closely controlled conditions , with only a handful of approved reporters allowed to attend . Those reporters later briefed other journalists on the proceedings . They had been made to hand over their own pens in exchange for Vatican-issue ones in case any contained concealed listening devices , the reporters said . They recounted that the three lay judges , led by Giuseppe Dalla Torre , heard that Vatican investigators had seized 82 boxes of various sizes of evidence from Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a small town near Rome . The investigators also confiscated a gold nugget and a check made out to Pope Benedict XVI for 100,000 euros from the University Catolica San Antonio di Guadalupe and an original version of Virgil 's Aeneid from 1581 , from his apartment in Vatican City . Clean shaven and dressed in a light gray suit , Gabriele appeared pale and largely expressionless during Saturday 's session . None of his family attended . Gabriele 's lawyer , Christiana Arru , filed several motions concerning the admissibility of evidence , including the results of a psychological exam conducted without the presence of his lawyer and footage gathered via a hidden camera . The court will hear from Gabriele himself in its next session , set for Tuesday next week . Other witnesses called in his case include the pope 's personal secretary , Georg Gaenswein , an attendant to the pope , Cristina Cernetti , and several police officers involved in the investigation . Sciarpelletti was not present in court but was represented by his lawyer , Gianluca Benedetti , who declared his client 's innocence . Benedetti said Sciarpelletti was not a close friend of Gabriele , to which the latter reportedly nodded his head in agreement . The presiding judge , Dalla Torre , agreed to a request from Benedetti that the two trials be separated . Opinion : Scandals block Vatican 's message The Vatican has previously said Gabriele cooperated with investigators and admits leaking the papers , which consisted of faxes , letters and memos , including some from a high-ranking church official expressing concerns about corruption within the Vatican . A prosecutor in the case said in a report last month that Gabriele acted out of a desire to combat "  evil and corruption everywhere in the Church . " "  I was certain that a shock ... would have been healthy to bring the church back onto the right track , " Gabriele is quoted as saying by the prosecutor , Nicola Piccardi . The Vatican City State penal code for proceedings involving its citizens is based on the Italian penal code of the second half of the 19th century . Dalla Torre will lead the debate in the courthouse , located behind St. Peter 's Basilica , and question the defendant directly . Prison terms handed down by the court are served in the Italian prison system , under an agreement between the Vatican City State and Italy . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a top-level Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the best-selling book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . The Vatican called the publication of his book "  criminal " when it was released in Italian . Journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Paolo Gabriele did not enter a plea Saturday to an aggravated theft charge NEW : Investigators seized 82 boxes of evidence and a gold nugget from two apartments The scandal , with its claims of corruption , has rocked the Catholic Church hierarchy Vatican computer technician Claudio Sciarpelletti is accused of aiding Gabriele
Havana  CNN  -- The founders of Cuba 's biggest independent music festival accused the government of "  kidnapping " their festival on Wednesday , saying the Culture Ministry had taken over organization of this year 's event and barred them from meetings . "  They 're kidnapping , stealing our festival , " said founder and until-now executive director Michel Matos . "  It 's not a simple case of censorship , of them shutting it down . It 's an abduction , " he said during a small press conference in his living room . "  On the one hand , they 're taking it away from us and on the other hand , they are organizing it themselves through official institutions . " The government was not immediately available for comment . The Rotilla Festival , a hugely popular three-day rave on a beach outside Havana , was launched in 1998 by Matos and a handful of friends . Last year , it attracted some 20,000 people . "  Up until now , we were tolerated , " Matos said . Often referred to as "  Cuba 's Woodstock , " the festival 's focus has traditionally been on apolitical electronic music and DJs , although last year the main attraction was the polemic hip-hop group Los Aldeanos . Matos said they collaborated with government officials on logistics and security and sometimes faced pressure . "  Traditionally , there was a dialogue with authorities , where they pressured us so that certain groups would n't participate and we cooperated so that the festival would be permitted , " he said . "  It has n't always been comfortable . " Less well-known outside Cuba than some of the smaller , more political , rap festivals , Rotilla has long been a popular musical event for young people on the island . The festival was financially independent , receiving funding from the Serbian electronic music festival EXIT and the Dutch and Spanish embassies . The bands and DJs played for free . Matos said the Cuban government had taken over the festival without any warning or explanation . When organizers came to a meeting on logistics and security with local authorities , they were met in the parking lot and told they were no longer the organizers , he said . They have since been barred from meetings at the Culture Ministry , where he said plans are underway to stage a "  Rotilla Festival " organized by the government on the same dates , but with a different lineup . The bands are being offered $ 1,000 , he said .	Rotilla was largely apolitical 3-day rave Co-founder charges Cuba has barred organizers from meetings Festival was financially independent Government does not comment
Editor 's note : Since 2007 , CNN and CNN.com have followed the story of Youssif , an Iraqi boy disfigured when he was burned by attackers . Today , CNN 's Arwa Damon catches up with the boy and his family , now living in California where Youssif is undergoing treatment . Today Youssif goes to school in California and continues to have treatment to help his scars . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Youssif stands on stage beaming as he belts out "  Jingle Bell Rock , " his tiny burned hands waving in sync with his classmates at Hamlin Street School . His mother , Zaineb , stands at the back , cradling his little sister , Aya , tears rolling down her face . "  I am so proud of him , " she says . "  It reminds me of what he was like in Iraq when he used to sing in kindergarten . I felt for a moment that none of this had happened . My son was back , without fear , strong . " Youssif spots us , and waves wildly . Little appears to remain of the sullen and withdrawn dark-eyed boy we first met in Baghdad more than a year ago . It has been almost two years since masked men in Baghdad doused Youssif , then just 4 years old , in gasoline and set him on fire . His mother still does n't sleep at night . "  I still blame myself . I should have protected him . Sometimes I say to myself that I wish it had happened to me , just not to him . " Zaineb says , her voice starting to quiver . "  If only I had n't let him go out to play that day . " Today Youssif plays freely , without fear . "  Let 's race " he shouts to his friend Brandon as the two boys dash across the schoolyard . A couple of minutes later the two are playfully jostling over a rubber ball . Youssif shrieks and bursts into laughter as the two play catch . "  It 's like this weight has been lifted off of me , off of him , " his father , Wissam , says . "  It 's like we 've left this dark , depressing state where we were consumed by Youssif and the attack that had happened . You know , it 's so hard to see a child , my child , go through something like this . When I see him like this , I feel like he 's coming back . " Watch more on Youssif 's recovery " After CNN and CNN.com first reported Youssif 's story in 2007 , more than 12,000 CNN.com users contributed to a fund set up by the Children 's Burn Foundation of Sherman Oaks California , enabling the boy and his family to travel to the United States for treatment . Youssif has undergone more than a dozen surgeries . Much of the thick scar tissue around his eyes , mouth and nose -- left by his treatment in Baghdad -- has been removed . He currently has yet another tissue expander in his left cheek , intended to stretch out "  good skin " to be used to replace his scar tissue . Youssif has grown used to the sometimes painful treatments . "  When I started this process of tissue expansion , I would have to chase him around the room , " Dr. Peter Grossman , Youssif 's surgeon , tells us as he injects more liquid into the expander . "  We 'd need three people to hold him down for these injections . " Youssif will probably have many more surgeries stretched out over time . "  The problem we have with Youssif is that every operation we do tends to heal well after surgery , but then a month after , he starts to form these really thick scars , " Grossman said . "  It 's probably best at this time to let his body relax , let these scars mature over a period of a year or two years . " Today , Youssif grimaces in pain but braves it alone , refusing to take his father 's hand . "  Seven or eight times put water , " Youssif says back at home , explaining how the tissue expansion works . "  I am not scared . It goes here , " he says pointing to the scarring over his lip . He 's not all that interested in talking about medical procedures . "  When I sharpen this it broke , " he says , trotting over with his new pencils . We all smile . "  You cut it like this " he orders , handing me scissors and what is meant to be a snowman he 's just drawn . A few moments later I am being berated for coloring "  wrong . " "  Great , I am taking orders from a 6-year-old " I think to myself , laughing . Keely Quinn with the Children 's Burn Foundation comes by for an extra reading lesson . They are reading one of the "  Five Little Monkeys " books , Youssif 's favorite . By the time I join them on the couch , Youssif 's got Dr. Seuss ' "  Foot Book . " "  What 's the biggest change you 've seen in him in the last year ? " I ask her . Youssif pipes up , reading , "  Small feet , big feet . " "  Aside from reading and learning English , " Keely says as we 're both laughing . "  I think it 's the change in confidence , in his ability to handle himself in social situations . He 's worked really hard in saying good morning to his teachers , saying hello back , answering questions and just gaining social confidence . " He 's thriving at school , loving the first grade . "  He 's amazing , " his teacher Mario Daley says . "  I work with children of all levels of ability , and Youssif , with what he 's gone through , his motivation , what he produces is fantastic . He just tries so hard . " Before the attack , Zaineb says , Youssif wanted to be a doctor . Now he says "  I want to be a doctor to help burned Iraqi children . "	Youssif continues to be treated in California for his burns , scars He is enrolled in school and learning English More surgeries lie ahead Boy was doused with gasoline , set on fire by masked men in Baghdad
Tokyo  CNN  -- Crews resumed spraying water at the quake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility early Monday , Kyodo News reported , one day after the Japanese government slapped restrictions on some food produced around the plant . Workers have begun to see some success in their battle to cool down the reactors , but Japanese officials said they may need to release additional radioactive gas into the air . The plant 's owner , Tokyo Electric Power Co. , said electricity was being supplied to a switchboard in reactor No. 2 . But officials said they were monitoring reactor No. 3 to determine whether to release gas to reduce mounting pressure in the containment vessel -- the steel and concrete shell that insulates radioactive material inside . Power company officials said pressure was higher than previous readings -- but stable -- Sunday afternoon . And Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said the pressure increase did not require "  an immediate release of the air at this moment . " Still , "  even in the best scenario , there will be a lot of bumps ahead , " Edano told reporters as he assessed the situation at the plant in a briefing Sunday . There are six reactors at the nuclear plant , where workers have been struggling to stave off a full meltdown since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami knocked out cooling systems . Workers have injected steam to release pressure in previous operations . The dual disasters , which struck March 11 , devastated much of northeastern Japan . On Monday , the country 's national police said 8,649 people were confirmed dead , 2,702 were injured and 12,877 remained missing as search efforts continued . In Miyagi prefecture alone -- one of the hardest-hit areas -- police said the death toll could climb to 15,000 . Amidst the gloom came a ray of hope Sunday when medical officials in the Miyagi city of Ishinomaki said they had rescued an 80-year-old grandmother and her 16-year-old grandson , who had been trapped inside their house for nine days . Police were searching for survivors in the vicinity , Kadonowakimachi , in the southern part of Ishinomaki near the coast . The boy managed to crawl through the rubble onto the roof , the Ishinomaki police department said . A relative had reported the two missing on March 13 , police said . In Fukushima , authorities have evacuated about 200,000 people from a 20-kilometer  12-mile  area surrounding the plant , but the crisis there has sparked concern across the country . Very small amounts -- far below the level of concern -- of radioactive iodine have been detected in tap water in Tokyo and most prefectures near the Fukushima plant . The health ministry said levels of radioactive iodine three times greater than the regulated standard were found in drinking water in a village near the Fukushima plant and asked residents not to drink from the tap , Kyodo News reported Sunday . The Japanese government has banned the sale of raw milk from Fukushima Prefecture , where the Fukushima Daiichi plant is located , and prohibited the sale of spinach from neighboring Ibaraki Prefecture after finding levels of radioactive iodine and cesium higher than government standards , the country 's Health Ministry reported . And officials in Fukushima halted the distribution of locally grown vegetables outside the prefecture . Edano said the contaminated milk detected in Fukushima prefecture had not been distributed or sold . On Saturday , officials said tainted milk was found 30 kilometers  18 miles  from the plant , and spinach was collected as far as 100 kilometers  65 miles  to the south , almost halfway to Tokyo . A person who consumed the tainted food continuously for a year would take in the same amount of radiation as a single CT scan , Edano said Saturday . That 's about 7 millisieverts , or double what an average person in an industrialized country is exposed to in a year , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . "  Even if you consume the spinach in question for a long time , it will not pose an immediate threat to your health , " Edano said Sunday . Six members of an emergency crew working to restore electricity at the plant have been exposed to more than 100 millisieverts of radiation per hour . Officials say regaining electrical power could bring cooling systems back online -- a key step in curbing the further emission of radioactive material and preventing a full nuclear meltdown . A meltdown occurs when nuclear fuel rods get so hot that they melt the steel and concrete structure containing them , spilling out into the air and water with potentially deadly results . The earthquake and tsunami knocked out regular and backup cooling systems at the plant . It was unclear whether the cooling system in reactor No. 2 was working after power was restored Sunday . The plan is to get power up and running for the Numbers 1 , 3 and 4 reactors soon . Cooling systems at the Numbers 5 and 6 reactors -- the least troublesome of the group -- have already been restored , Kyodo News said . On Saturday , authorities set up a new system to spray sea water continuously on the troubled reactors for extended periods of time . Previously , firefighters , soldiers and electric company workers had manually done the same in brief intervals to avoid prolonged radiation exposure . Water was directed at the No. 3 reactor 's spent fuel pool on Saturday in order to cool it and prevent the emission of more radioactive material into the atmosphere . Authorities have also started spraying the No. 4 reactor and continued efforts there Sunday . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : Crews resume spraying the damaged plant with water , Kyodo News reports Japan bans the sale of raw milk and restricts vegetable sales from Fukushima prefecture The power company says electricity is being supplied to reactor No. 2
CNN  -- Jameel Algibhah lives in the Bronx , but his wife and three daughters are in Yemen . He has not been able to see them for seven years . Awais Sajjad lives in New Jersey , but his grandmother , who raised him after his mother passed away , lives in Pakistan . He has not been able to see her for more than two years . Both long to visit their loved ones , but they can not -- they were placed on the no-fly list years ago . Algibhah and Sajjad do n't pose , have never posed and have never been accused of posing any threat to an airplane 's safety . Unfortunately their stories are not uncommon . Since 9/11 , the U.S. government has placed thousands of individuals on the no-fly list . They have tried to pull themselves out of this Kafkaesque web . The government has created a so-called TRIP process for challenging one 's placement on the no-fly List . You fill out an online form with basic information such as your name , birthday and flight number , and wait for the standard response : The agency has completed its review , and "  no changes are warranted at this time . " But there is hope for change for people who are stuck on the list without reason : A federal court in Oregon ruled this summer that the TRIP process was unconstitutional and criticized the government for failing to provide people with a meaningful opportunity to contest their no-fly list designation . In response to the court decision , the government stated this month that it would reform the process in an "  endeavor to increase transparency . " These changes are long overdue . The no-fly list has existed for more than a decade in a shroud of secrecy with little accountability and even less oversight . And as Sajjad 's and Algibhah 's stories illustrate , the lack of an effective redress mechanism has had a devastating impact on individuals and their loved ones . But improving the redress process is only the first step . It is imperative also to look at the way watch listing authority is being abused . According to Algibhah and Sajjad , FBI agents privately offered an alternative option to get off the list . The FBI -- which in the post 9/11-era measures success by the number of informants it can list -- told them if they were to spy on their neighbors and community , they might get off the no-fly List . As the CLEAR project and the Center for Constitutional Rights alleged in a recent lawsuit , FBI agents repeatedly pressured Algibhah , Sajjad and two other men in this manner . "  I do not want to become an informant , but the government says I must in order to be taken off the no-fly List , " Sajjad told us . "  How can the government tell me that the only way I can see my family again is if I turn my back on my community ? " The FBI 's response to the lawsuit has been , among other things , that its agents should be immune from suit . But that agents might be able to abuse the no-fly list in this manner is no surprise . Recently , the government 's internal guidelines for placing someone on the no-fly list and other watch lists were leaked to the public , revealing for the first time just how prone to abuse the secretive list can be . Two things are clear from the 166-page document : First , nearly anyone can end up on the no-fly list , as the criteria for placement are shockingly broad and ill-defined . Second , the decisions of agents who nominate people to the list are accorded a significant amount of deference . The government recently admitted in a court filing that the screening center rejected just 1 % of nominations last year . The no-fly list has expanded exponentially under such permissive rules . According to documents obtained by the digital magazine The Intercept , under the Obama administration , the number of people placed on the no-fly list has shot up to 47,000 people , a tenfold increase since the President took office . No one questions the need to secure aviation safety -- but stories such as Algibhah 's and Sajjad 's should give us all pause . There is a need to examine seriously the way in which law enforcement agencies are so easily able to abuse a powerful tool such as the no-fly list . While creating a more robust redress mechanism is an important first step , until the rules governing placement on the no-fly list are reviewed , and officers held accountable for unlawful tactics , we will all remain vulnerable to the whims of law enforcement agents .	Writers : Two men find themselves on U.S. no-fly list for no apparent reason Writers say government rejected men 's challenge of status but gave option to spy on others Government says it will reform process , but authors say it must also address abuse of list No-fly list a powerful security tool , and officials must be accountable for its use , they say
CNN  -- Child beauty pageants are a lot like crime coverage on local news . Stick with me . This will make sense . I promise . Viewers complain there 's too much crime in local television news reports , and yet , the stations covering crime enjoy high ratings . People complain that child beauty pageants exploit young girls -- some as young as 3 or 4 who are donning makeup , high heels and fake tans -- and yet , the ratings for reality television shows such as TLC 's "  Toddlers & Tiaras " are sky high . We do n't like the idea of these beauty contests for kids , but it seems we ca n't pull ourselves away . But what if there were no pageants for kids to begin with ? If French lawmakers get their way , there would be no French version of "  Toddlers & Tiaras " and no French "  Honey Boo Boo , " referring to another child pageant reality star . The Senate in France voted to ban child beauty pageants for kids under the age of 16 and now the measure goes to the country 's lower house for debate and a vote . Where did this anti-pageant momentum come from on the part of the French ? Some lawmakers point to a controversial photo spread in Vogue back in 2010 , featuring a girl as young as 10 in high heels and sexy makeup . Toddler does Dolly : Where 's the line between dress-up , hyper-sexualization ? The pageants are sexualizing our young girls , said lawmakers in France , and judging by the response to our request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page , many people in the United States agree . "  How pleased I am that , finally , some are fully awakened and realizing that child beauty pageants should be banned , " said Darlene Eckerman of Amarillo , Texas , in an e-mail message . "  The mothers are the culprits here : teaching your child to be sexy and alluring at such a young , tender age when they are not ready for such exploitation . " Samantha Biswas , also via e-mail , said , "  It is not about living vicariously through your child . It 's about letting your child 's childhood and youth get stolen by makeup , fashion shows , heels and dresses . " "  To paint makeup on their faces and do up their hair , etc. , OMG , wake up people , " said Charlie Caissie . "  These are children for heaven 's sake , not adults . Let them decide for themselves at an appropriate age if they want to pursue this when they are adults . " Psychologist Wendy Walsh said the danger here is normalizing behavior that once would have been considered extreme and weird . "  And now it seems perfectly OK for a little 6-year-old to be walking around in thigh-high boots and short booty shorts and smacking her butt when she dances down a runway ? Come on ! That 's what a stripper does . " Others expressed fears about who may be watching these pageants . "  Every time I think about child beauty pageants , my heart sinks at the thought of all the pedophiles watching them . Why in the world do children need to be so sexualized ? " asked a CNN reader . Opinion : ` Toddlers and Tiaras ' and sexualizing 3-year-olds On the other side are moms like Anna Berry of Littleton , Colorado , who said her 13-year-old daughter Ashley was so shy she could n't even order for herself at a restaurant . After she started appearing in "  natural " pageants  no makeup allowed  , she blossomed . And now , as "  Miss Heartland Junior Teen , " she speaks to young girls across the country about her experiences with bullying , something she encountered when girls were jealous of her success on the pageant circuit . "  She 's a role model to many and her confidence to stand up and speak out came from her improved self-esteem through pageantry , " said Berry , who says Ashley can out interview and speak more confidently than most adults . "  These are skills that will benefit her for a lifetime ... just as they did for me growing up in pageantry . " Valerie Best , director of The BEST Shining Stars Pageant located in Southern Indiana , is also strongly against banning pageants for young girls and boys . She said just because some pageant systems "  push it too far "  hers , she said , does not allow "  fake hair , fake tans , fake teeth or a lot of makeup "  , they most definitely should not be outlawed . "  Society is too quick to judge something they are not familiar with , " said Best . " A pageant  run  properly is no different than a young girl competing in gymnastics , a school function or anything else that has a score kept or judged upon . Teach these girls to be strong , confident individuals and see how far they go in life . " ' Six-year-old American beauty queen draws protests and $ 77,000 payday Wynn Westmoreland of Atlanta appeared in school pageants beginning in the sixth grade and competed in the University of Georgia pageant , which is part of the Miss America program . She does not believe in a legal ban . "  It 's not a government issue , " said Westmoreland . "  It 's a social issue and it 's a family issue . " She believes the pageant bodies should get together and create a new rule only allowing girls to enter when they are at an age when they can choose what they want to do for themselves , around 9 , 10 or 11 . Countdown for Kendall Jenner turning 18 : Gross or fair game ? "  I do not like it when children who are not able to make choices on their own are forced to be in pageants and that is when I see the over-glamourization of young girls , " said Westmoreland , who is a media coordinator and writer for CNN 's food blog , Eatocracy . "  They do n't even look like children anymore . They look like objects . " Tish Howard , a former school principal , is no fan of child pageants , but like Westmoreland , thinks government should not be deciding what programs are acceptable for children . "  I think outlawing them is a slippery slope where the government starts dictating what activities parents can or can not make available to children , " said Howard . "  I do believe we could set guidelines on what does and does not constitute promoting sexual exploitation of children as far as routines and dress . " I always try to approach these stories , as a mom of two young girls , with the question of what would I do ? In this case , how would I feel if my girls wanted to enter a pageant ? Adult-inspired lingerie marketed for young girls Full disclosure here : I did compete in the New York Miss T.E.E.N. pageant in high school , but let me stress it was not a beauty pageant but a pageant based on talent , interviewing skills and community service . It was a terrific experience for me , and as many other women said earlier , it only added to my self-esteem , confidence and fire to achieve my dreams . So back to the question , what if my girls , ages 5 and 7 , wanted to be in a pageant ? I think I agree with the sentiment that they can do what they want when they are old enough to make that decision for themselves , which means I do n't have to worry about this one . At least not yet . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook Do you think child beauty pageants should be banned in the U.S. ? Let us know what you think in the comments below .	The French Senate voted to ban child beauty pageants for kids under 16 Lawmakers in France argue the pageants sexualize girls at a young age Many Americans think pageants for very young girls should be outlawed Pageant supporters say girls develop self-esteem , confidence and other skills that last a lifetime
Statesville , North Carolina  CNN  -- Dale Beatty and John Gallina are battle buddies . They both joined the North Carolina National Guard at 18 . They 've served together on missions at home and abroad . But both also bear mental and physical scars from their military service in Iraq : Beatty lost his legs to an anti-tank land mine , and Gallina suffered a traumatic brain injury . While Beatty was recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , members of his community offered to help him build a home for his family . The gesture deeply affected him , inspiring a new mission . In 2008 , Beatty and Gallina founded Purple Heart Homes , a nonprofit that has modified or helped provide homes to 23 disabled U.S. veterans . Beatty was honored as a CNN Hero this year for his work helping veterans . He recently sat down to talk about his work , his friendship with Gallina and the unexpected roads they 've traveled together . CNN : How did you and John meet ? Dale Beatty : John and I met probably in 1996 , in the National Guard . We were just two young , 18-year-old kids . ... Once you 're in the military and you have a battle buddy , they 're your battle buddy for life . He 's been there every step of the way . We 've done everything together . ... We grew up together in the service . And I do n't think that 's a new thing for anybody . My grandfather did it with his buddies in World War II . I think of us then , skinny little kids in green uniforms ... they do n't even wear those uniforms anymore , so you know that 's a long time ago . But it 's cool to see where we 've come . CNN : John had actually left the National Guard when you got orders to deploy to Iraq . How did he end up going with you ? Beatty : I called and I said , "  Do you want a vacation ? " He 's like , "  What are you talking about ? " And I said : "  We 're going to Iraq . Do you want to go ? " He showed up a couple hours later  and  re-enlisted . That bond -- you ca n't let your friends go without you , if you can help it . We deployed in early 2004 , and we were attached to the 1st Infantry Division . ... We did a lot of missions right alongside the regular Army : escorting convoys , searching houses , you name it . CNN : You were also injured together in November 2004 . What happened exactly , and how did that impact your friendship ? Beatty : We were on a patrol , part of combat operations on a supply route . This highway had been heavily mined in the past month with insurgent activity . There was always something going on , so we went out to kind of recon the area . The vehicle we were in -- John was driving -- we just went off the side of the road a little bit to avoid something . ... I remember seeing all the sand across the dash of the Humvee -- just like poof , pop -- go up in the air , and that was pretty much the last thing I remember . ... There were anti-tank mines in the gravel , so that 's eventually how I lost both legs . ... I know he felt really bad about it for a long time , something that was not even his fault . He blamed himself a lot for my injury . ... John had those hidden wounds with traumatic brain injury and  post-traumatic stress disorder  , and I saw him struggle . CNN : Your community helped you build your home . How was John involved in that , and how did that process inspire you to start Purple Heart Homes ? Beatty : During the construction of my house , I was the contractor , my dad was my superintendent and John was kind of my confidant . ... He 's been a custom builder since he was fairly young , so if I wanted to know about , "  What 's the code issue on this specific thing ? What 's most cost effective solution ? " I would call , pick his brain and he always gave me good advice . Closer to the end , he moved back to Statesville and was able to help during the final build of the house . ... When my community was helping me , it really showed me the potential power and the effectiveness of groups within communities , especially when we 're talking about veterans . ... My family really had the best-case scenario for a family that had been hurt that bad , and I knew , after meeting other veterans , that that was n't the case for all of us . ... There 's not as much help for  veterans  who were n't injured in Iraq and Afghanistan . ... John and I sat down and we started thinking about a nonprofit . ... I really wanted to create a group that could show people that there 's thousands of veterans right here in our midst that could use help . That 's really what led us to form our organization with the values and the mission that we have . ... Regardless of when you served , we 're all the same . We 're all veterans . Being able to empower communities to take care of even those gray-haired , distinguished veterans -- that 's really what we 're after . CNN : How does your experience serving in the military with John impact your working relationship ? Beatty : The bond that you form doing the jobs and the dangerous missions we  did  is unbreakable . I might get mad at him , but I know we 'll be able to talk in 15 minutes after that . We really make a good team . ... He 's really the hard-driving pusher that tries to make stuff happen , and I 'm the one who says , "  Hey , wait , let 's think about that again before it happens . " ... We 're an odd couple , but it works . ... John and I have really grasped this , and we 're running with it as fast and as hard as we can . ... I 'm glad he 's still my battle buddy , and I 'm glad we 've been able to have this next chapter of our lives , doing good things and helping people out .	CNN Hero Dale Beatty helps build and modify homes for disabled veterans He started his nonprofit with the help of his close friend John Gallina The two entered the military together , served together and were injured together in Iraq
CNN Student News  -- October 27 , 2014 This Monday , we tell you how some states are making their own travel rules concerning Ebola . We take you to the largest stadium in Britain . We define inversion and why it 's an interesting idea for many U.S. corporations . And if you 'd like to see how the K-9 unit of the Secret Service works , you 'll have to stick around to meet Jordan and Hurricane . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Kim Jong Un cut a somber figure Monday , marking the first anniversary of his father 's death . North Korea said Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack from overwork on December 17 , 2011 . Hundreds of thousands of civilians and soldiers assembled outside the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang where the bodies of Kim Jong Il and his father Kim Il Sung lie . Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch Accompanied by his wife , Ri Sol Ju , who appeared to be heavily pregnant , Kim Jong Un bowed to giant statues of the former leaders inside the mausoleum . Outside , he listened to a commemorative speech from Choe Ryong-hae , head of the military 's political arm . Choe praised the achievements of the former leaders before declaring , "  Kim Jong Un is North Korea 's fate and future . " A lot has changed over the past year . Kim Jong Un has transformed from grieving son to a triumphant leader leading a controversial rocket launch this month . The 20-something leader , who was suddenly thrust into the limelight last December was considered by many outside , and possibly even inside , North Korea to be ill-prepared for the responsibilities that lay ahead . But experts say it was soon clear that the younger Kim would not be emulating the style of his father . "  Kim Jong Il was rather low profile for a few years after the death of Kim Il Sung which is in accordance with even older Confucian practices , " says John Delury assistant professor at Yonsei University in Seoul , South Korea . "  This is after all a dynastic system , but Kim Jong Un quickly proved by the spring that he was going to be quite public , quite active . " April 2012 brought with it one of the most significant dates on the North Korean calendar , as it marked the centenary of the birth of the country 's founder Kim Il Sung , celebrations for which had been planned for years by the late Kim Jong Il . His son picked up the mantle and controversially launched a rocket in commemoration . Following his father 's example , Kim ignored international condemnation for what he called an attempt to put a working satellite into orbit . Washington , Seoul and others in the region saw the launch as a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . Read more : Experts : Rocket launch bolsters North Korean leader The rocket was a failure , made all the more public by the international media which had been invited into the country for the occasion . But disregarding the international embarrassment , Kim Jong Un continued with the celebrations . "  He actually performed quite well by the standard set for him , " says Delury . "  He spoke in public which is something his father did not and he projected a kind of confidence and energy , he really turned the young and experienced to his advantage . " The world and the people of North Korea heard the voice of the new leader for the very first time . Even more surprising was Kim 's acknowledgment of his people 's suffering . He told a gathering of hundreds of thousands , "  Our Party is determined our people will not have to tighten their belts but will enjoy wealth and the honor of socialism . " Style-wise , Kim cuts a very different figure to his father . He is more personable and willing to interact with his people . He is often seen smiling and laughing and his wife has accompanied him on many field trips , which was unheard of during his father 's reign . Read more : Is Kim Jong Un 's uncertainty driving the rockets ? "  She 's played a very surprising role in constructing this image of a looser , more relaxed , more open leader domestically , " adds Delury . But despite a softer side appearing on camera , little has improved for the people of North Korea . Aid groups say malnutrition is still rampant in the countryside , brutal labor camps still remain and defector groups in Seoul claim Kim has cracked down even harder on people trying to escape . They say the leader has threatened to imprison or even kill three generations of the family left behind . It 's a claim CNN can not independently confirm . Kim has made his mark on the military , replacing some generals loyal to his father with those loyal to him . "  Certainly everyone has noticed a number of the key military figures , you know four who walked with Kim Jong Il 's remains a year ago have sort of disappeared from the scene or have been reshuffled . " But his statements on the South Korean or American leadership remain just as bellicose as during the his father 's era and he frequently visits military barracks and installations . Read more : What is life like inside North Korea ? Speculation about internal displeasure among some of those replaced by Kim Jong Un may be easing since last week 's successful rocket launch , the second attempt in a year . "  I think it earned him a lot of patriotic points , " says Jasper Kim , founder of Asia-Pacific Global research Group . "  So that will basically placate the military so this will give him extra room to maneuver in terms of making modernization efforts if that 's his plan . " Kim Jong Un 's use of the media has been a drastic departure from his father 's time . Live broadcasts and televised public speeches are no longer so unusual . Jasper Kim adds , "  Kim Jong Un basically grew up on Google and his father grew up on letters and stamps . It 's a new era and Kim Jong Un realizes the more he can kind of shape the narrative to the international community , the more it is to his benefit in terms of getting security and money and everything else that he wants for his country . "	Kim Jong Un has ruled North Korea for one year His father , Kim Jong Il died of heart attack on December 17 , 2011 Younger Kim departs from his father 's style , but repression , malnutrition remain
CNN  -- English Premier League club Liverpool began its New Year shopping with the signing of Chelsea forward Daniel Sturridge on Wednesday , in a deal worth an estimated $ 19.6 million . The 23-year-old , who has won four international caps for England , could make his debut on Sunday against non-league side Mansfield in the FA Cup . The former Manchester City striker said he is looking forward to teaming up with Luis Suarez , having signed a long-term deal with the mid-table Merseyside club . Suarez , who has scored 16 goals so far this season , has often been left to lead the Liverpool attack on his own but Sturridge is confident that he can strike up a partnership with the Uruguay international . Fantasy football : Pedro Pinto 's team of 2012 "  To have him as a teammate is great , " Sturridge told the club 's official website . "  He 's a very good player , very talented and rated as a one of the best players in attacking positions in the world right now . "  It 's good to be part of a team with him in and I 'm sure we 'll be able to play well together . " Sturridge , who began his career at Manchester City before joining Chelsea in July 2009 , has found his chances at Stamford Bridge somewhat limited . Following a successful loan spell at Bolton , where he scored eight goals in 12 games , he found his path into the Chelsea team blocked by the arrival of Fernando Torres . After initially being given a chance by Andre Villas-Boas , albeit often out wide instead of his preferred central striking role , he was a peripheral figure under his successor Roberto di Matteo -- and Chelsea 's current manager Rafael Benitez has let him leave . "  I am humbled and happy to be here , " Sturridge said . "  Brendan Rodgers said he sees me here for a long time -- and I also see myself here for a long time . I 've not signed here to play for a couple of years and then move on . "  I 've signed to be here for as long as possible . It 's a humongous club -- for me , one of the biggest in the world -- and to have the fans and world-class players we have here is amazing . " Lampard double inspires Chelsea Meanwhile , with Sturridge 's departure confirmed , Chelsea stepped up its bid to lure Newcastle striker Demba Ba to London . Newcastle confirmed on Wednesday that Chelsea had triggered the player 's release clause , thought to be worth around $ 12 million . "  Newcastle United can confirm that Chelsea Football Club has made an official offer for Demba Ba which has triggered the release clause in the player 's contract , " the club 's website reported . "  The club has given the player permission to speak to Chelsea FC and therefore he will not be included in the squad for tonight 's game against Everton . " The 27-year-old , who will play in this month 's African Cup of Nations with Senegal , has scored 13 league goals so far this season -- exactly half of Newcastle 's total . Manager Alan Pardew told Sky Sports : "  There is no swift resolution , it 's done , he will go to Chelsea with our blessing . He has done fantastically for us , it 's a big club , good luck to him . "  For us , it 's not a bad thing because of all the uncertainty of whether he was going to stay is now done . We can move on , we 're a massive club here . This club is bigger than any player for sure . In some respects , I 'm pleased . "	Liverpool signs Chelsea and England striker Daniel Sturridge Deal is worth an estimated $ 19.6 million , with the forward signing a long-term contract Chelsea now hoping to complete move for Newcastle 's top scorer Demba Ba Senegal striker given permission to talk to Chelsea after release clause is triggered
CNN  -- The European Union on Monday removed the People 's Mujajedeen of Iran from its list of terrorist organizations . Forty-seven groups remain on the EU 's list . Iranian police guard French embassy in Tehran on January 25 during protest against EU decision . Here are some of the main ones . -- Aum Shinri Kyo : Doomsday cult in Japan . Responsible for the 1995 sarin gas attacks on the Toyko subway that killed 12 and wounded some 5,000 . -- Real IRA : Separatists in Northern Ireland . Responsible for the Omagh bombing in 1998 that killed 28 people . -- Jemaah Islamiyah : Al Qaeda-linked terrorist group in Indonesia and one of the largest terrorist organizations in the world . Carried out the Bali nightclub bombings in 2002 that killed more than 200 tourists , most of them Westerners . -- PKK , or Kurdish Workers ' Party : Marxist group fighting for an independent state for Turkish Kurds . -- Palestinian Islamic Jihad : Militant group dedicated to the creation of an Islamic Palestinian state and the destruction of Israel . -- Hamas : Palestinian Islamic fundamentalist organization that rules Gaza . Its military wing , Izzedine al Qassam , has admitted responsibility for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians and the Israeli military . -- Tamil Tigers , or LTTE : Ethnic separatists fighting the Sri Lankan government . Responsible for fatal attacks against soldiers and civilians since conflict with the government began in 1983 . -- ETA : Basque separatists in northern Spain . Blamed for more than 800 deaths and thousands of injuries during a 40-year campaign . -- FARC , or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia : Marxist insurgents who have been fighting the government since the 1960s . -- CNN 's Tom Boltman contributed to this list .	PMoI , or Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization , opposed Iran govt . for decades EU delisted group because of an order by the European Court of Justice Iran has accused the European Union of acting against international law
Japanese began voting Sunday in parliamentary elections described by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as a referendum on his flagship economic policies . Abe called for the snap election last month , following news that the country had unexpectedly slipped into recession , dealing a blow to his much-vaunted "  Abenomics " -- the stimulus and economic reform package he introduced since taking power in 2012 . "  The election will be held to ask the public whether we will  move  forward with Abenomics or end it , " Abe said when announcing the closure of parliament in November . Recent polls have shown that Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party has a strong lead over the main opposition party but turnout is expected to be low . Strange timing An election was n't required until late 2016 , which has led to considerable speculation as to why Abe , with a sizable majority in the lower house -- 295 out of the 475 seats -- would risk ceding power so early . E. Keith Henry , analyst and founder of Asia Strategy , a Tokyo-based government policy consultancy , said he found the timing "  puzzling . " "  Why call an election when you have such a dominant position ? " Indeed , polls suggest that a majority of the public do n't understand why Abe is calling an election at this time , and are critical of the decision to incur the cost during another period of recession . Voter turnout is expected to be low . Polls put support for the ruling  LDP  at around 30 % , with between 10 % and 13 % support for the Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  , the main opposition party . The LDP has been in power nearly constantly since 1955 . During this period , the DPJ have only governed twice , briefly in the 1990s and again from 2009 to 2012 . READ MORE : Japanese PM Shinzo Abe 's election gamble puts policies on the line Gamble Ultimately , Abe 's election gamble will pay off if he can convince the average salaryman or woman that his economic policies will benefit ordinary Japanese . While a key component of Abenomics has been extra government spending , a sales tax hike this year and rising costs have taken their toll on small businesses and their customers . In a bit to boost his election fortunes , Abe delayed a sales tax hike planned for October 2015 . His special adviser on economic affairs , Etsuro Honda , has called for a further $ 25 billion in cash handouts and tax cuts to kickstart the economy . But it 's not clear whether this will be enough to satisfy voters . "  Abenomics is no good at all , " said Shuichi Kobayashi , the fourth-generation owner of a 100 year-old tofu shop owner in Tokyo , who is finding recent economic conditions a threat to his livelihood . "  Our life is getting tough . " READ MORE : Japan elections : Is Abenomics working ? It depends who you ask	Japanese begin voting in snap parliamentary elections Dismal quarter pushes Japan into recession , prompting snap elections Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe frames election as a referendum on his ` Abenomics ' policies
CNN  -- Rapper and reality TV star Flavor Flav pleaded guilty to misdemeanor domestic violence charges in Las Vegas Monday . The plea deal allows the Public Enemy hype man to avoid a trial on felony charges , which could have sent him to prison for several years . Instead , Flav -- real name William Jonathan Drayton Jr. -- must stay out of trouble during a year of probation and attend 12 domestic counseling sessions with his longtime girlfriend 's teenage son . He was arrested after an argument involving a kitchen knife in his Las Vegas home in October 2012 . Flav , 55 , was initially charged with child abuse , assault with a deadly weapon and battery domestic violence . Las Vegas prosecutors agreed to reduce the charges to two misdemeanors counts , including attempted battery with substantial bodily harm and battery constituting domestic violence , according to Tess Driver , spokeswoman for the Clark County , Nevada , district attorney . Along with the year of probation and counseling requirement , he was given credit for the time he served in jail after he was arrested and before he was released on bond , Driver said . Although he gained fame with the groundbreaking rap group Public Enemy starting in the late 1980s , Flav , with his collection of clock necklaces , became a reality TV star over the last decade . He began as a cast member of VH1 's "  Surreal Life " in 2004 , which spawned "  Strange Love " in 2005 and three seasons of "  Flavor of Love " from 2006 to 2008 .	Flavor Flav avoids a trial on felony charges with misdemeanor plea The rapper was arrested after an argument at his Las Vegas home in October 2012 Sentence includes domestic counseling with his girlfriend 's teen son He gained fame as Public Enemy 's hype man , but now makes reality TV shows
CNN  -- AS Roma became the first Italian soccer club to be owned by foreign investors on Saturday when an American group completed its takeover of the Serie A side . The consortium is headed by Thomas DiBenedetto , a partner of the New England Sports Ventures group which owns English club Liverpool and U.S. baseball team the Boston Red Sox . He and his cohorts will have a 60 % stake , with the remainder held by Italy-based European banking organization UniCredit -- which bought the club when president Rosella Sensi last year decided she wanted to sell up . "  The business aspect has been very important but I love Rome and I want to do something big for this city , " Thomas DiBenedetto told reporters in quotes carried by the UK Press Association . "  I am proud of my Italian origins and for this reason I will do big things . I did n't expect so much attention . "  I knew of the great passion from the Romans and this has been one of the reasons for doing this . "  I share this passion . I never played but my father played in the American Soccer League . " Founded in 1927 , the club -- nicknamed "  Giallorossi "  The Yellow-Reds  after the team colors -- has been listed on the stock exchange since 2000 . Its website lists its share capital as almost $ 20 million  $ 28.9 million  . The Sensi family had been owners for 18 years , and in 2009 announced plans to move away from the Stadio Olimpico and build a new 55,000-capacity ground in the western suburbs of Rome which have yet to come to fruition . Buoyed by the news , Roma went in Saturday 's home match against Palermo in sixth place in the table , 12 points behind leaders AC Milan with six rounds to play . But it ended in a defeat that dented the team 's European hopes for next season despite the Wolves taking a 19th-minute lead through the club 's veteran top scorer Francesco Totti , with the captain netting from the penalty spot . However , Maurizio Pinilla leveled just before halftime also from a penalty after he was fouled , and 20-year-old Uruguayan striker Abel Hernandez scored twice in the last seven minutes before Mirko Vucinic 's late consolation for Roma . AC Milan moved six points clear at the top with a 3-0 victory at home to 17th-placed Sampdoria later in the evening . Veteran Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf opened the scoring in the 20th minute with a freekick driven across the goal into the bottom corner , striker Antonio Cassano netted a penalty nine minutes after halftime and Brazil forward Robinho sealed it on 61 . Sampdoria will drop into the bottom three if Cesena beat bottom club Bari on Sunday , or Brescia win at Genoa . Napoli can reduce the deficit to three again by winning at home to fifth-placed Udinese on Sunday , after which there will be five rounds to play . Third-placed defending champions Inter Milan dropped eight points behind their arch-rivals after a 2-0 loss at lowly Parma , who moved four points clear of the relegation zone . Sebastian Giovinco put Parma ahead in the 36th minute and Amauri -- another striker on loan from Juventus -- made it safe with four minutes to play . It capped a miserable week for Inter , whose European Champions League title defense ended with a 7-3 aggregate quarterfinal defeat against Schalke .	U.S. group becomes first foreign owner of an Italian football club , buying out Roma Thomas DiBenedetto heads consortium which will have a 60 % holding in Serie A side Roma then beaten 3-2 by visiting Palermo in blow to the club 's European hopes AC Milan move six points clear at the top with a 3-0 victory at home to Sampdoria
He 's got blue wings , an adventurous spirit and is poised to be the latest film star to come out of South Africa . A high-spirited young falcon , Kai is the main character in "  Zambezia , " a new South African 3D animation film featuring an all-star voice cast , including Hollywood A-listers Samuel L. Jackson , Abigail Breslin , Jeff Goldblum , Leonard Nimoy and Jeremy Suarez . Set in the majestic Victoria Falls and inspired by southern Africa 's startling artwork , "  Zambezia " is hoping to put South African animation on the map while enthralling children around the world with its uplifting message of togetherness . The movie , produced by Cape Town-based Triggerfish Animation Studios , has been selected as the closing film of the 33rd edition of the Durban International Film Festival , which runs until July 29 . "  The film is a wonderful ambassador , in a way , of South Africa and I think as it travels the world it 's going to spread the word about an industry that is young and vibrant and extremely talented , " says "  Zambezia " director and co-writer Wayne Thornley . "  In and of itself , I think it 's just an enjoyable ride for children and they 're going to come away wishing they could fly . " Read more : The film school in Kenya 's biggest slum The movie , which is targeted toward children aged five to 11 , tells the story of Kai , an intrepid young falcon that 's brought up by his strict father in an isolated outpost . His lonely life is turned upside down when a kooky bird crashes into his world and tells him of Zambezia -- a bustling bird city where "  there 's amazing food , music , sights and sounds . " A talented flier , Kai decides to leave his isolated upbringing behind him and explore life in Zambezia . He quickly realizes , however , that getting by in a city can be more difficult and demanding than living alone . Yet , after joining Zambezia 's air force and defending it from a band of marauding lizards , he also discovers the true values of teamwork and community sharing . Thornley says the movie was guided by the traditional African principle of ubuntu , which he describes roughly as "  a person is a person only because of other people " -- he says that the movie 's heartwarming theme will resonate with both African and international audiences . "  Everyone can relate to that idea that it 's better , it 's easier to do things together , that teams are just more vibrant and get more things done , " he says . "  They are difficult and messy and it 's not always easy but it is worth it -- I think that 's a universal theme and I hope that audiences around the world come away with that kind of message going : it 's safer to stay alone but it 's not better . " Read more : Film pioneer helps Rwanda build new identity The concept for the movie originated about seven years ago but production took just over two years to be completed . The third computer generated 3D film to be made in South Africa , "  Zambezia " is "  probably the biggest budget animated film ever to come out of anywhere in Africa , " says Thornley -- Triggerfish was unable to disclose how much the film cost , but said its budget was under $ 20 million . The movie 's international appeal is expected to be raised by the high-profile roster of actors lending their voices to the characters . Thornley says it all became possible after well-known U.S. producer Mace Neufeld saw the film by chance . "  He liked what he saw and he finally got involved and started opening doors for us . " Read more : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world Working with top Hollywood stars such as Jackson and Goldblum was "  an honor " and "  really fun " , says Thornley . "  It was gratifying that they treated it seriously like any project , " he says . "  We tend to think of ourselves that we 're this little studio but they were fantastic and it was really a great experience , " he adds . "  Zambezia " had its world premiere at France 's Annecy Animation Festival last month and was released in Israel earlier in July . It will hit the big screen in Germany and Switzerland on August 30 , while its South Africa release is scheduled for December 26 . It has already been sold in more than 30 territories for screening in over 50 countries , including a distribution deal in English-speaking territories with Sony , according to Triggerfish Animation . Thornley says South Africa 's animation industry is still young and small but it is "  definitely punching above its weight . " "  I want people to sit back and have a fantastic time with the characters and have a fantastic insight into some of the amazing African landscapes that we 've put into this film , " says Thornley . "  But also I want them to come away really surprised that something like that could come out of Africa and South Africa in particular . "	"  Zambezia " is a new South African 3D animation feature film The movie stars the voices of Samuel L. Jackson , Jeremy Suarez and Jeff Goldblum It has been chosen to close the 33rd edition of the Durban International Film Festival "  Zambezia " is targeted toward children aged five to 11
London  CNN  -- "  It 's terrifying coming here but we 've decided it 's just a big pub , " Damon Albarn tells the audience at a packed Royal Albert Hall , assembled for the Blur and Gorillaz star 's first concert in his own right at London 's most prestigious music venue . He may be showing false nerves -- over the past 25 years he has developed into one of the most innovative musicians of his generation , has collaborated with the cream of the music world in a bewildering range of genres , and has the experience of headlining the world 's biggest music festival , Glastonbury , twice -- but he seems genuinely humbled tonight in such grand Victorian surroundings , paying tribute to this "  ridiculously incredible , spiritual place . " Albarn is showcasing his new album , "  Everyday Robots , " his first as a solo artist . A more stripped-back work than usual for him , the songs look back on his 46 years . "  Hollow Ponds , " for instance , recalls various dates that define his life , including the drought of 1976 and the year 1993 when "  Modern Life "  a reference to Blur 's second album  was spray-painted around the city . Reflective though his new solo work is , Albarn is in playful mood and shows his love of performing and collaborating : he willingly shares the limelight with other musicians , such as Mali 's Afel Bocoum and Madou Diabete , Blur guitarist Graham Coxon , rappers De La Soul and legendary producer Brian Eno . The concert is about far more than just promoting his new record though : effectively it revisits many of the many musical moments of his long and varied career , from his foray into world music with Africa Express , his animation side-project Gorillaz , supergroup The Good , the Bad and the Queen , and of course his first band , Blur . Despite his comments , Albarn is such a seasoned performer that he 's totally at ease in the Albert Hall 's vast space . Spontaneous , engaging and funny : holding hands with female members of the audience , singing directly to their faces . At one point he climbs up into the aisles to hug an adoring male fan -- it 's a poignant moment . He 's a master of pacing : stripped of the machismo of a Blur concert , or the graphical wizardry of Gorillaz , the music is the star . He and his band are superbly tight , as we get one highlight to the next , from "  Kids with Guns , " and "  Do n't Get Lost in Heaven , " to the spine-tingling experience of Albarn alone at the piano singing Blur 's "  Out of Time . " Just when it can get no better , guitarist Coxon bounces onto the stage to join Albarn . The pair , who had a painful estrangement as they battled their demons after the Blur years rollercoaster , roll back the years as they play "  End of the Century , " accompanied with just a trumpet player . Albarn visibly marvels at Coxon 's guitar heroics on "  Tender , " but acknowledges their split as they struggle to recall which year obscure B-side "  The man who left himself " was from . "  Ah the late 90s -- our difficult years , " Albarn half-jokes . As we wipe away the tears of nostalgia , Albarn rallies us again : "  It 's pure sing-a-long from now , " he bellows . The show is building like a cabaret , with quieter moments followed by crowd-pleasing anthems like his solo hit "  Mr. Tembo , " performed with London 's Leytonstone City Mission Choir . Then on come veteran New York hip hop trio De La Soul who tear manically into the Gorillaz hit "  Feel Good Inc , " swaggering around with dramatic menace , before Kano joins Albarn for a superb , skanking "  Clint Eastwood . " How could he top this ? Easy , as Albarn announces -- only half-believing it himself -- the arrival of Brian Eno , the legendary musician , composer and record producer , to sing the wonderful "  Heavy Seas of Love , " from this year 's album , with the Leytonstone choir and Madou . It 's an unforgettable experience , as indeed is the whole concert : few others could attract such diverse and entertaining stars to appear for one night ; few others have such wonderful songs to perform , and few can engage with an audience like Albarn . No one else can do all three . Albarn no longer needs to be in awe of the musical legends who 've performed at the Albert Hall over the decades -- he 's now one of them .	Damon Albarn performs at Albert Hall , showcasing solo album "  Everyday Robots " A more stripped-back work than usual for him , the songs look back on his 46 years Concert revisits many of the many musical moments of his long and varied career Various collaborators join Albarn : Graham Coxon , De La Soul and Brian Eno
CNN  Three British citizens arrested in the United Arab Emirates after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport are to be released Monday , their lawyer , Nasser al-Hashem , tells CNN . The three have been in jail since February 22 . "  We made our defense , and the judge made the decision to drop the case , " al-Hashem said . No charges were filed , there will be no travel ban , and the men will not face deportation , he said . Conrad Clitheroes , 54 , and Gary Cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the UAE from Manchester when they were arrested . The third man , Neil Munro , is a British national who lives in the UAE . As a hobby , plane spotters view and photograph aircraft around the world .	Three British men wo n't be charged or deported , their lawyer says They were arrested after plane spotting near Fujairah airport and have been in jail since February 22
CNN  Ferguson City Manager John Shaw resigned Tuesday in the wake of a scathing Justice Department report . The report blames Ferguson , Missouri , police and courts for abusive behavior that disproportionately targets African-American residents . "  Over the last several months I have done everything in my power to work with countless groups to bring about positive change and strengthen our community , " Shaw wrote in his resignation letter . He continued : "  During this time I have also worked closely with the Department of Justice to identify opportunities to improve , and then moved quickly to implement its recommendations for change . "  And while I certainly respect the work that the DOJ recently performed in their investigation and report on the City of Ferguson , I must state clearly that my office has never instructed the police department to target African Americans , nor falsify charges to administer fines , nor heap abuses on the backs of the poor . Any inferences of that kind from the report are simply false . " Shaw 's resignation was announced the same day the City Council voted 7-0 on a mutual separation agreement with Shaw . Residents elect City Council members , who in turn appoint the city manager . The city manager directs and supervises all city departments , including the Police Department . Along with other officials , Shaw was heavily criticized by the Justice Department report , which found that authorities in Ferguson frequently saw residents as "  sources of revenue . " In fact , the city enjoyed so much success in issuing tickets and fines that Ferguson , population 21,000 , was ranked in the top eight of the 80 municipal courts in St. Louis County by having more than $ 1 million in revenue in 2010 , the report said . In one March 2012 email , the captain of the patrol division reported to Shaw that court collections the previous month reached $ 235,000 -- the first month collections exceeded $ 200,000 . The city manager reported the email to the City Council , congratulating police and court staff on their "  great work , " the report said . When Ferguson court revenues exceeded $ 2 million for the whole of 2012 , the city manager responded to the police chief in an internal email : "  Awesome ! Thanks ! " according to the federal report . The DOJ 's probe came after public outcry over the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown , who was shot by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in August . Wilson , who was not indicted on any charges , has resigned from the police department . But when Ferguson resident Sue Schmidt defended Wilson at Tuesday 's City Council meeting , she heard vocal objections from those in the crowd . "  I 'd like to say a lot of people in this room owe Darren Wilson an apology , " Schmidt said , prompting laughter by some in the audience . "  The same justice report that you 're basing all your opinions on cleared him 100 % . " CNN 's Jennifer Feldman , Holly Yan , Sarah Aarthun and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	John Shaw : "  My office has never instructed the police department to target African Americans " A Department of Justice report blames Ferguson police and courts for abusive behavior Ferguson resident : Many people owe former Officer Darren Wilson an apology
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Want to know where the presidential produce comes from ? Washington 's Bancroft Elementary School students help first lady Michelle Obama break ground on the garden . Take a walk past the White House . The answer may be planted right in front of you . First lady Michelle Obama helped break ground on a new White House organic "  kitchen garden " Friday . It will be the first working garden at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. since Eleanor Roosevelt planted a so-called "  victory garden " at the height of World War II . This time , however , the enemy is obesity . The first family is hoping to send a clear message to a fast food-driven nation that often seems to be losing the battle of the bulge . "  We 're just hoping that a lot of families look at us and say this is something that they can do and talk to their own kids about and think a little bit critically about the food choices that they make , " said Marian Robinson , the president 's mother-in-law . Watch Michelle Obama tell students about the garden " The first lady told a group of Washington schoolchildren on hand for the occasion that first daughters Sasha and Malia Obama were usually more willing to try fresh fruits and vegetables because fresh produce generally tastes better . "  What I found with my kids -LSB- is that -RSB- if they were involved in planting it and picking it , they were much more curious about giving it a try , " she added . "  I 've been able to have my kids eat so many different things that they would have never touched if we had bought it at a store because they either met the farmers that grew it , or they saw how it was grown , " she said . "  They were curious about it and ... usually they liked it . " The idea of a presidential kitchen garden , used year-round with different seasonal crops , has been strongly promoted by advocates for organic and locally grown food . They argue that the White House garden may help set a positive example for families short on time and money , who are often tempted by cheaper , highly processed food . The presidential garden will be used , among other things , for growing such staples as butterhead and red leaf lettuce , spinach , broccoli , onions , carrots and peas . It will also include a range of herbs , including sage , oregano and rosemary . The garden is one of several additions to the White House South Lawn . A swing set for the first daughters was recently installed near the Oval Office . CNN 's Anne Oblinger contributed to this report .	Garden will be first working food garden at White House since WWII Michelle Obama , Washington schoolchildren help dig garden President 's mother-in-law says family hopes garden sets example for other families Garden will include seasonal vegetables and various herbs
CNN  -- Arkansas game officials hope testing scheduled to begin Monday will solve the mystery of why up to 5,000 birds fell from the sky just before midnight New Year 's Eve . The birds -- most of which were dead -- were red-winged blackbirds and starlings , and they were found within a one-mile area of Beebe , about 40 miles northeast of Little Rock , the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission said . Birds fell over about a one-mile area , the commission said in a statement . As of Saturday , between 4,000 and 5,000 birds had been found dead , said Keith Stephens with the commission . "  Shortly after I arrived , there were still birds falling from the sky , " said commission wildlife officer Robby King in the statement . He said he collected about 65 dead birds . The commission said it flew over the area to gauge the scope of the event , and no birds were found outside of the initial one-mile area . Karen Rowe , an ornithologist for the commission , said the incident is not that unusual and is often caused by a lightning strike or high-altitude hail . A strong storm system moved through the state earlier in the day Friday . "  It 's important to understand that a sick bird ca n't fly . So whatever happened to these birds happened very quickly , " Rowe told CNN Radio on Sunday . "  Something must have caused these birds to flush out of the trees at night , where they 're normally just roosting and staying in the treetops ... and then something got them out of the air and caused their death and then they fell to earth , " Rowe added . Officials also speculated that fireworks shot by New Year 's revelers in the area might have caused severe stress in the birds . Rowe said Sunday there was evidence that large fireworks may have played a role . "  Initial examinations of a few of the dead birds showed trauma . Whether or not this trauma was from the force of hitting the ground when they fell or from something that contacted them in the air , we do n't know , " Rowe said . The dead birds will be sent for testing to labs at the Arkansas Livestock and Poultry Commission and the National Wildlife Health Center in Wisconsin . The necropsies will begin Monday , Stephens said , and the findings should be available sometime this week . The city of Beebe has hired U.S. Environmental Services to begin the cleanup and dispose of the dead birds , the commission said . The firm 's workers will go door-to-door and pick up birds still in yards and on rooftops . CNN 's Tina Burnside and Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report .	No birds were found outside of a one-mile area Up to 5,000 birds fell from the sky New Year 's Eve Testing will begin Monday to determine what caused the incident The birds were found in Beebe , Arkansas
President Barack Obama paid tribute Friday to the U.S. service members who "  defied every danger " to pour onto the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago in defense of liberty . His remarks at the American Cemetery in Colleville-sur-Mer , which overlooks Omaha Beach where so many fell , were part of a series of solemn events to commemorate the D-Day landings in northern France . Chief among them is an elaborate international ceremony on the stretch code-named Sword Beach , in Ouistreham , for which world leaders and veterans took places in stands set up on the sand . As the ceremony got under way under brilliant sunshine , military bands marched on a map of the globe laid out across the golden strand in front of French President Francois Hollande . Hollande spoke of the bravery of the young men who waded ashore under a deluge of German fire seven decades earlier , through waters turned red with blood , hailing them all as heroes . "  I want to express my gratitude to all the fighters who are no longer here , " Hollande said , going on to list the American , British , Canadian , Polish , Belgian and other forces that took part . He paid tribute to the many Russians who died during World War II and to the German victims of the Nazi regime . Secret D-Day training mission cost hundreds of lives The Allied forces ' sacrifice allowed Europe to live in security today , Hollande said in a speech that also highlighted the challenges the world now faces . It was followed by a dance performance depicting the occupation , liberation and post-war reconstruction of Europe . The D-Day landings , in which mainly British , U.S. and Canadian troops invaded Nazi-occupied France , were a turning point in World War II . D-Day : Exploring the myths of the Normandy landings Obama : ` Democracy 's beachhead ' Obama , speaking earlier at the American Cemetery , said he was honored to be there "  to pay tribute to the men and women of a generation who defied every danger : among them , our veterans of D-Day . " Lengthy applause rang out as the U.S. President said he was humbled by the presence of some of those veterans at the ceremony . Share your family 's D-Day stories "  Here , we do n't just commemorate victory , as proud of that victory as we are ; we do n't just honor sacrifice , as grateful as the world is ; we come to remember why America and our allies gave so much for the survival of liberty at this moment of maximum peril , " Obama said . Their story should remain "  seared into the memory of a future world , " he said , describing Normandy as "  democracy 's beachhead . " He said , "  It was here , on these shores , that the tide was turned in that common struggle for freedom . "  What more powerful manifestation of America 's commitment to human freedom than the sight of wave after wave of young men boarding those boats to liberate people they 'd never met ? " After the poignant ceremony , Obama and Hollande moved among the veterans and military officials , shaking hands and thanking them for their service . The cemetery , which sits on a cliff overlooking Omaha Beach and the English Channel , contains the graves of 9,387 U.S. servicemen , most of whom lost their lives in the D-Day landings . Omaha was the deadliest of the landing sites because German forces were able to fire from fortified positions on the cliffs above as the first waves of soldiers reached the shore . 70 years later , D-Day vet jumps again Putin and Obama meet A lunch for world leaders and veterans hosted by Hollande before the Sword Beach ceremony was the scene of an impromptu meeting between Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin . The pair spoke on the margins of the lunch in what Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said was an informal conversation , not a formal bilateral meeting . It lasted 10 to 15 minutes , he said . Obama and Putin have been at loggerheads in recent weeks over Russian actions in Ukraine , and the pair were not seated next to each other for lunch . The run-up to the commemorations has been dominated by the crisis in Ukraine , which has sparked the worst East-West tensions since the end of the Cold War . Putin and Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko also talked briefly before the leaders went in to lunch in Benouville , with German Chancellor Angela Merkel standing between the two as they spoke . G7 leaders have urged Putin to engage with Poroshenko , who will be inaugurated Saturday , as Ukraine 's legitimate leader and take steps to ease the pro-Russia separatist unrest roiling eastern Ukraine . Putin was excluded from a meeting of G7 leaders held this week in Brussels , Belgium , as part of measures to sanction Moscow over its annexation in March of Ukraine 's Crimea region . ` Touching ' commemoration More than 156,000 troops crossed the English Channel during the D-Day invasion on June 6 , 1944 . Nearly 10,000 Allied troops were killed or wounded . Nicholas Soames , grandson of British wartime leader Winston Churchill , said it was "  very touching " that so many people had come to take part in what will probably be the last commemoration of the D-Day landings on this scale , since those who survived are now in their 80s and 90s . Nearly 1,000 veterans have traveled to France to take part in the events , according to the French government . Veteran Bernard Jordan , 89 , went missing from his nursing home in Hove , a town on the south coast of England , on Thursday , wearing his war medals underneath his jacket , according to CNN affiliate ITV . He was bound for the French shores once more . But the nursing home did n't know and called police , the station said . Jordan was found in France a day later marking the 70th anniversary with his friends . Another veteran called the care home to say he met Jordan on a coach to France and both men were well in a Ouistreham hotel , according to ITV News . The affiliate caught up with Jordan on his return leg , about to board a ferry home . He called the commemorations "  a first-class show . " He attended them last year . "  That was the main reason I came over here , " he told the affiliate . "  Touch wood ... if I 'm still about , I should try it the next few years as well . " When the affiliate asked whether he would be in trouble back home , he laughed : "  I might be , but I hope not . " He was then escorted away . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is the only living head of state who served in World War II , working as a mechanic and military truck driver in the Women 's Auxiliary Territorial Service . ` Strength of heart ' Earlier , Hollande spoke at a war memorial in the city of Caen at a ceremony to honor civilian victims and paid tribute to all those killed in the conflict . He recalled the "  strength of heart and bravery " of those who helped to liberate France from Nazi Germany , as well as the many victims in Normandy -- more of them civilians than soldiers . Although the war may be long over in Normandy , Hollande said , "  the war is still here in this tumultuous , uncertain and sometimes threatening world -- and in all wars , it is civilians who pay a heavy price . " The Queen , Prince Philip and Prince Charles took part in a ceremony at the British War Cemetery in Bayeux , the largest of the Commonwealth cemeteries in France . Further along the French coast in Arromanches , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , William and Kate , attended a tea party for veterans , and each royal spoke separately with the silver-haired and beret-attired honorees . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper was also in Normandy to honor the Canadian forces that stormed Juno Beach 70 years ago . "  It is a source of enormous national pride that Canadians played such a pivotal role in ensuring the success of the D-Day landings , " he said in a statement . "  We are also deeply humbled by the enormous sacrifices made by our fellow citizens , who with grim determination , stood shoulder to shoulder with like-minded allies to fight evil . " A fireworks display was staged Thursday night along the Normandy coastline where the landings took place . Obama vows to stand with Ukraine as he meets President-elect Opinion : Putin 's empire-building is not a new Cold War	UK veteran slips out of nursing home to attend ` first-class show ' in France Obama tells Putin he risks further isolation if he does n't work with Kiev French President Francois Hollande hails heroes who died on Normandy beaches Putin and Ukraine 's president-elect also speak at the lunch for leaders
CNN  -- Federal accident investigators Tuesday pinned blame for a 2013 UPS cargo plane crash in Alabama squarely on the pilots , but some members saved caustic criticism for UPS , saying the company could have taken steps to prevent the deadly crash . "  Yes , the pilots flew the airplane into the ground , there 's no question , " said National Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt , a former airline pilot . Though the NTSB did not blame UPS in its formal report , Sumwalt pointedly told cargo company representatives : "  You have got problems . Get them cleaned up . " In a three-hour meeting in Washington , the NTSB cited a litany of errors the pilots made : The captain failed to correctly program an aircraft computer , failed to monitor the plane 's altitude , did n't relay important information to his co-pilot , and failed to abort the landing when it became apparent the plane was in trouble . The first officer , meanwhile , failed to communicate altitudes to the pilot as the plane approached Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport . In a conversation captured on the plane 's cockpit voice recorder , the co-pilot also confessed to being fatigued , evidently after failing to use her off-duty time to get appropriate rest . Both pilots died in the pre-dawn incident August 13 , 2013 , when the Airbus A300-600 crashed a short distance from the Birmingham runway . But Sumwalt said UPS also failed to take actions that could have prevented the crash . The global delivery company did not update software on a ground proximity warning system , which could have given the crew an earlier indication they were too close to the ground , he said . If UPS officials had an iPhone , "  I guarantee they would keep their software up to date , " yet they failed to update software on a plane carrying two of its employees , he said . A UPS official called Sumwalt 's claim "  the speculative opinion of one member , " saying the company 's software met FAA standards , and that there is no evidence the upgrade would have prevented the accident . "  Based on the rate of descent of this particular aircraft , it would be impossible to determine whether a software upgrade would have made a difference , " Capt. Houston Mills , UPS director of airline safety , told CNN . He noted that the NTSB does not cite the software in its official finding . Sumwalt said the cargo carrier also did not provide all of the available weather information to the pilots . As a result , the pilots likely expected to see the airport after descending below clouds at 1,000 feet , but did n't clear the clouds until 350 feet . "  Everything UPS does is about efficiency . They have guys running around with clipboards and stopwatches to make sure if an airplane is a minute late , someone will be held accountable for it . But the sad thing here -- this  technology  could have possibly prevented this accident . " "  If you 're interested in efficiency , I can guarantee you on August 14 of last year , those packages on the airplanes did not get delivered by 10:30 in the morning , " Sumwalt said . UPS ' Mills acknowleged that known information about the cloud ceiling was not relayed to the pilots . But , he said , the pilots had been given a forecast that included a variable cloud ceiling , giving the pilots enough to plan and execute their approach . NTSB : No distress call prior to UPS cargo plane crash in Alabama The board said the captain did not have a stabilized approach -- meaning the plane 's speed , direction and descent were not within established standards -- in the final minutes . It was the same problem that led to the 2013 crash of an Asiana jetliner in San Francisco . "  An unstabilized approach is a less safe approach , " said NTSB Acting Chairman Christopher A. Hart . "  When an approach is unstable , there is no shame in playing it safe by going around and trying again . " The U.S. aviation industry has closely watched the UPS crash investigation largely because it highlights different FAA standards for commercial and cargo aircraft . In January of this year , the FAA required additional rest hours for commercial pilots , but it exempted cargo pilots . Cargo pilots say rest rules should be uniform , regardless of the type of aircraft flown . Wednesday , the NTSB concluded the pilots of Flight 1354 had been given an adequate opportunity to rest , even under the rule that applies to commercial pilots . The rule did not make a difference in this case , the board said . UPS pilots complained of fatigue before fatal crash Asked if the UPS culture encourages pilots to call in fatigued when they are tired , 91 % "  strongly disagreed " or "  somewhat disagreed , " according to a survey conducted in March by the Independent Pilots Association , a union that represents UPS pilots . "  You probably have some bias in here as it was issued by a  union  , " Sumwalt said . "  But when you have 2,202 people responding to that , they are trying to tell you something . " UPS spokesman Malcolm Berkley said the union was "  politicizing " the investigation in an effort to change pilot work hours . UPS pilots typically work 70 hours a month -- 30 in the air , Berkley said , less than the 55 hours the typical commercial pilot flies . The safety board approved more than 20 recommendations , including one that board member Mark Rosekind called "  ground-breaking " that would require warnings about flying fatigued during pre-flight briefings on overnight flights .	In 3-hour meeting , NTSB cites a litany of errors the pilots made NTSB : Captain failed to correctly program computer or monitor plane 's altitude , more But UPS has also "  got problems " and must "  get them cleaned up , " says NTSB board member
CNN  -- Like many of Spider-Man 's victims , Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola was caught in a web of despair . As Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang headed home the winning goal in Borussia Dortmund 's 2-0 German Super Cup triumph , the forward pulled on a Spider-Man mask and celebrated wildly . It was no less than Dortmund deserved -- victory at its home stadium in the traditional curtain raiser before the German Bundesliga season against an arch rival is not to be dismissed lightly . Henrikh Mkhitaryan 's first half effort gave Dortmund the advantage on 23 minutes before Aubameyang sealed the triumph by converting Lukasz Piszczek 's cross . "  We played very well at the back , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp told reporters . "  The Bavarians did not have a lot of chances and we defended superbly . The engine is gradually starting to work well but we are still not at 100 % . " While neither coach will read too much into the result given the number of absentees , particularly in the Bayern squad , the victory was particularly sweet for Dortmund . If Aubameyang was cast as the superhero , then Bayern arrived in town as the arch villain . Bayern , which has made a habit of plundering the Dortmund talent in recent seasons with the acquisitions of Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski , raced to last season 's league title . Add to that a number of off-field spats , including Bayern 's Bastian Schweinsteiger 's ill-judged chanting which went viral , for which he subsequently apologized , and it 's easy to see why these two clubs just do n't get on . Bayern , favorites for the title once again this year , boasts one of the most talented squads in world football with Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery joining the Germany 's World Cup winners in Manuel Neuer , Thomas Muller and Philipp Lahm . But its coach Guardiola is under pressure -- a pressure which has been mounting since his side was brutally dumped out of last season 's Champions League by Real Madrid . When Bayern defeated Dortmund in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley on their way to the treble under Jupp Heynckes , it appeared the club was set for a new era of domination . But Bayern failed to retain its European title last year and its form dropped off in alarming fashion after ensuring another Bundesliga success . Guardiola 's side will begin its title defense with a home fixture against Wolfsburg on Friday August 22 and according to Lahm , a second half substitute , there is much work to be done . "  Many of us only recently returned to training and we also have some players injured , " he told German television . "  It was not easy . We did not have that many chances but we are still in the middle of our preseason preparations . " Meanwhile , Bayern winger Ribery announced that he will be concentrating solely on club football after retiring from international duty . Ribery , who won 81 caps and scored 16 international goals after making his debut for France in 2006 , missed the recent World Cup through injury . "  I am stopping , " the 31-year-old told German magazine Kicker . "  I realized that this moment has come . "  One has to know when to stop . I have experienced so much and now is the time for others to come forward . "  You could see at the World Cup that we should have no concerns about France 's future . "	Bayern Munich beaten by Borussia Dortmund in German Super Cup final League champion defeated 2-0 in Dortmund Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on target for Dortmund France 's Franck Ribery retires from international football
CNN  -- Why dream of a white Christmas ? People in the upper Midwest are fully expecting a white Veterans Day on Tuesday . An icy blast out of Canada is expected to drop a swath of snow from Idaho down through South Dakota and northern Nebraska and over to northern Michigan . An earlier-than-usual deep freeze in the Midwest will follow , sending cold but not frigid temperatures to other parts of the United States by Thursday . In Saint Paul , Minnesota , CNN iReporter Katie Robinson was surprised by the early advent of winter weather . She woke up Monday to find snow on the ground . "  This is the first snow I 've seen this season , and it 's a major snowstorm , rather than the usual light dusting you 'd expect to start off the winter with , " she said . " I think that 's the biggest thing -- that we went from a very warm and mild fall to now being thrust so abruptly into winter . " Minneapolis got several inches of snow on Monday and expected more on Tuesday morning . But heavier snow fell not far away . St. Augusta , Minnesota , about 70 miles northwest of Minneapolis , reported a whopping 16.5 inches of snow Monday , according to the National Weather Service . "  Right now it 's freezing to the roads , creating slippery conditions , " said Sgt. Andy Rose of the Stearns County Sheriff 's Office , a jurisdiction that includes St. Augusta . "  Plow trucks are having trouble with it . It just throws cars in ditches . "  We 've managed to get everybody home . We do n't have anyone stuck at convenience stores or service stations . It 's very slow going though . " Temperatures plummeted on Monday across the Midwest . In Billings , Montana , the Sunday high was 53 , but on Monday , it barely got into the 20s . By Tuesday , it will be only 8 . The weather is the result of a "  bomb cyclone " -- a swiftly and markedly intensifying storm -- that shifted the path of the jet stream and sent cold air rushing toward the United States , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . A weekend buzz But people in the North know how to deal with snow . It even excites them . "  This has been the buzz this weekend , " Greg Graves , an employee at Mel 's Trading Post in Rhinelander , Wisconsin , told CNN affiliate WJFW . "  Everyone is talking about the storm that we are supposed to be getting . Most of our customers love to be outdoors so everyone is really looking forward to it , " he said . In Eau Claire , Jason Stuttgen told CNN affiliate WQOW the snow 's coming at the perfect time . "  Especially two weeks before gun hunting  season  , that 's always going to help the deer move , " he told the station . Despite the enthusiasm , some problems were evident . Flightaware.com reported that 153 flights were canceled Monday at Minneapolis-St . Paul airport . That 's a lot , especially considering only 225 cancellations were reported across the entire United States . Slippery roads were reported throughout the region . Minnesota State Patrol spokesman Lt. Eric Roeske said troopers responded to 475 crashes from 5 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday , 45 with injuries and one fatal . He reported 702 spinouts and incidents of vehicles running off the road . In Wisconsin , a school bus slipped off a road in Outagamie County , according to CNN affiliate WBAY . No students were hurt , but the driver and an aide were taken to a hospital for evaluation , the station reported . The coming snowfall could snap tree limbs and branches , bring down power lines and cause widespread outages , said CNN meteorologist Tom Sater . "  It 's OK to get a nice cold snap now and then , but this one could be dangerous , " Sater said . The northern Mountain States , the Plains and the Midwest are not the only targets . Much of the nation will feel the punch of cold weather , if not quite as hard , according to CNN meteorologists . "  I think we 're all going to be feeling the bite , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . Prefer snow or cold ? It 's hard to decide whether the snap will be more bearable in Sunburst , Montana , or in Rice Lake , Wisconsin . If you prefer bitter cold over deep snow , you might like it better in Sunburst . It did n't exactly live up to its name early Monday with a low of 4 degrees predicted by the National Weather Service . And that was nothing . By Tuesday night it should drop to 11 below zero , and it wo n't rise above 6 degrees through Thursday night , the NWS forecasts . Snow fell there early Monday and was expected to continue through Tuesday , but only about 3 inches should accumulate . Not enough snow for you ? Then Rice Lake is your place . Fourteen to 22 inches were forecast for Monday and overnight into Tuesday , then 2 to 4 inches for Veterans Day on Tuesday for a whopping total of 16 to 26 inches . Broad sweep south The cold snap will bring lows in the teens and single digits into Iowa , Kansas and Colorado this week but also spread freezing temperatures as far south as Texas . "  Much of the nation east of the Rockies is expected to see a major pattern change by the beginning of the work week , " the weather service said . The frosty blast will move across the rest of the United States but not be as harsh as in the Midwest . Atlanta and Birmingham , Alabama , are expecting daytime high temperatures of 46 on Friday , according to the National Weather Service . That was close to the nighttime low for both cities on Monday . But even in the thick of it , some places will pull the longer straw . Milwaukee should see more rain than snow , Chicago the same , and temperatures there should be relatively mild , the weather service said . Thanks , Nuri ! Residents in the northern United States can thank a whopping Pacific tropical cyclone for the wintry blast . Super Typhoon Nuri was akin to Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy rolled into one . It had the strength of a category 5 hurricane , CNN 's Sater said . It is the strongest Northern Pacific post-tropical cyclone on record , the NWS said . Its remnants explosively intensified up north over Alaska 's Aleutian Islands last week and plowed into cold air , which added violent energy to the storm . It was similar to what happened with Superstorm Sandy in the Atlantic two years ago and earned the storm the little-used "  bomb cyclone " moniker . The hybrid storm rammed into the jet stream , causing it to whip south , dragging Arctic air down with it . It also continued to spin , Sater said , further fanning down polar cold . The biggest chill arrives on Wednesday and Thursday . Things will get warmer over the weekend , but it wo n't stay that way , he said . Another Arctic blast is on its way for next week . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this story .	NEW : Minnesota State Patrol reported 475 crashes on Monday , including one fatality Meteorologist says weather is result of a "  bomb cyclone " -- a swiftly and markedly intensifying storm "  Everyone is talking about the storm , " Wisconsin man tells CNN affiliate Expect snow from Idaho to South Dakota , northern Nebraska to Michigan
March 26 , 2015 Almost a year after the controversial prisoner exchange that freed him , U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has been charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy . Get a recap of the events that led to yesterday 's development . Also covered : the planned merger between two U.S. food companies , an annual migration of sharks , and the sinking levels of the world 's lowest lake . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
JIANGYOU , China  CNN  -- A Chinese police officer is being hailed as a hero after taking it upon herself to breast-feed several infants who were separated from their mothers or orphaned by China 's devastating earthquake . Police officer Jiang Xiaojuan , 29 , was feeding nine babies at one point . Officer Jiang Xiaojuan , 29 , the mother of a 6-month-old boy , responded to the call of duty and the instincts of motherhood when the magnitude-7 .9 quake struck on May 12 . "  I am breast-feeding , so I can feed babies . I did n't think of it much , " she said . "  It is a mother 's reaction and a basic duty as a police officer to help . " The death toll in the earthquake jumped Thursday to more than 51,000 , and more than 29,000 are missing , according to government figures . Thousands of children have been orphaned ; many others have mothers who simply ca n't feed them . At one point , Jiang was feeding nine babies . "  Some of the moms were injured ; their fathers were dead ... five of them were orphans . They 've gone away to an orphanage now , " she said . Watch the officer care for babies " She still feeds two babies , including Zhao Lyuyang , son of a woman who survived the quake but whose breast milk stopped flowing because of the traumatic conditions . "  We walked out of the mountains for a long time . I had n't eaten in days when I got here , and my milk was not enough , " said that mother , Zhao Zong Jun. "  She saved my baby . I thank her so much . I ca n't express how I feel . " Liu Rong , another mother whose breast milk stopped in the trauma , was awed by Jiang 's kindness . "  I am so touched because she has her own baby , but she fed the disaster babies first , " Liu said . "  If she had n't fed my son , he would n't have had enough to eat . " Jiang has became a celebrity , followed by local media and proclaimed on a newspaper front page as "  China 's Mother No. 1 . " She 's embarrassed by the fuss . "  I think what I did was normal , " she said . "  In a quake zone , many people do things for others . This was a small thing , not worth mentioning . " See the quake zone " There has been a huge outpouring of support from families who want to adopt babies orphaned by the quake . But that process takes time , and there are mouths to feed . Jiang misses her own son , who 's being cared for through the emergency by in-laws in another town , but she is aware of the new connections she 's made . "  I feel about these kids I fed just like my own . I have a special feeling for them . They are babies in a disaster . "	New mother feeds babies separated from parents by disaster She 's proclaimed as hero , but says it 's "  not worth mentioning " Newspaper headline hails her as "  China 's Mother No. 1 "
CNN  -- Manny "  Pac-man " Pacquiao punched his way to victory over Brandon "  Bam Bam " Rios to take the WBO International Welterweight title in a unanimous decision on Sunday in Macau , China . The bout came just two weeks after Super Typhoon Haiyan devastated his homeland of the Philippines , giving the country 's most famous sportsman added incentive to return home a hero . READ MORE : Pac-Man defeats Bam Bam Before the fight , Pacquiao told CNN he was moved to tears by the devastation wreaked by Haiyan which slammed into the coast early on November 8 . More than 5,200 people were killed , and many are still missing . "  I was crying , " the 35-year-old said . "  I feel so bad ... what happened . I want to visit them personally but I ca n't because I 'm in training . I sent my people there to help them , what I did is focus on my training and pray to God . " In Tacloban , one of the hardest struck cities by the deadly typhoon , thousands gathered to watch the Pacquiao-Rios fight in a public park , climbing up trees , cars and buildings to catch a glimpse of the match , chanting , "  Manny , Manny , Manny " as Pacquiao pummeled his rival . "  You do n't feel the sadness that happens here , " said Jacoba Mado , a typhoon survivor in Tacloban told Reuters news agency , about the brief respite from Haiyan 's devastation . "  You just feel happy . " In an air base in Pasay , south of the Philippines , Filipino troopers , U.S. staff , aid workers and typhoon survivors watched the fight together . Watching their national hero fight his way to victory gave the storm-weary nation an opportunity to cheer and think of something different One newspaper , the Manila Bulletin News tweeted : "  When all else fails , Pacman is there to lift everyone up , " referring to Pacquiao 's nickname . Another Philippines news group , the Inquirer tweeted : " @MannyPacquiao made #YolandaPH survivors forget misery , then back to reality . " Boxing 's first and only eight division world champion left his training camp in Genereal Santos City earlier this week to head to Macau for the bout . Pacquiao said he was attempting to help his compatriots by sending aid to those affected by the typhoon . "  Right now we 've sent them food , food is the most important thing , " said Pacquiao , who is an elected official in the Philippine House of Representatives , serving Sarangani 's Lone District . "  After that I have to help give them a fresh start in their lives . " Saturday 's fight with Rios was Pacquiao 's first since he was knocked out for just the third time in his career by Juan Manuel Marquez in December 2012 , only his fifth loss in 61 professional fights . "  I learned a lot , " Pacquiao said of his loss to Marquez . "  It 's part of boxing , sometimes you lose sometimes you win . Sometimes you lose and you have to accept it . "  I decided to continue my boxing career because I think I can still fight ... I 'm not thinking negative , I 'm always thinking positive . " During the fight , Chris Mannix , senior writer with Sports Illustrated tweeted : "  Rios being totally outclassed . Pacquiao is too fast , too quick . Combinations coming in bunches . Rios has to do something different here . " He did n't , leading to a final result of 120-108 , 119-109 , 118-110 . CNN 's Madison Park and Journalist Tom McGowan contributed to this report .	Manny "  Pac-man " Pacquiao wins Macau fight against Brandon Rios Fight came two weeks after Super Typhoon Haiyan devastated homeland Before the fight , Pacquiao told CNN typhoon devastation drove him to tears Mannix tweeted during fight : "  Rios being totally outclassed . Pacquiao is too fast . . "
STANFORD , California  CNN  -- Students and professors at Stanford University are protesting Donald Rumsfeld 's appointment to a campus think tank , saying the former defense secretary does not uphold the "  ethical values " of the school . Donald Rumsfeld has been appointed to the Hoover Institution , a think tank at Stanford University . Shortly after Rumsfeld 's appointment was announced in September , professor Pamela Lee began an online petition from faculty members opposed to bringing him to the Hoover Institution . Since then , the petition has gained more than 3,500 signatures , including nearly 300 faculty members from such diverse disciplines as law , computer science , electrical engineering and drama . "  We view the appointment as fundamentally incompatible with the ethical values of truthfulness , tolerance , disinterested inquiry , respect for national and international laws , and care for the opinions , property and lives of others to which Stanford is inalienably committed , " the petition reads . "  As word of the letter got out , my inbox was flooded with messages from professors , students , staff and alumni asking to sign on , " said Lee , a professor of art history . The petition 's signers include hundreds of Stanford students in addition to the faculty . "  He 's a war criminal , " said Sam Dubal , one petitioner , who also created a Facebook group called "  Rumsfeld -- You Are Not Welcome at Stanford ! " "  He 's not worthy as an established member of Stanford , " Dubal said . Despite the protests , school officials say that it is well within the Hoover Institution 's right to appoint Rumsfeld . "  There are lots of temporary appointments made around the university , " said Jeff Wachtel , special assistant to Stanford president John Hennessy . "  Departments have the right to invite people to campus in a variety of capacities . " Rumsfeld 's one-year appointment as Distinguished Visiting Fellow places him on a task force on terrorism and ideology . He will be joined by current Hoover Fellow George Schultz , secretary of state under Ronald Reagan . Despite being housed in a tower on the center of campus , Hoover has only loose affiliation with the university . Meanwhile , supporters of Rumsfeld 's appointment say that his presence on campus will help foster academic dialogue and fuel positive political discourse . The outcry against Rumsfeld follows last April 's attempt by President Bush to visit campus . Bush planned to meet with Fellows at the Hoover Institution but was blocked by protesters . His meeting was later moved to Schultz 's nearby house . "  Many of us believe that Donald Rumsfeld , in his role as secretary of defense , has behaved in ways that are dishonorable , disgraceful and always disingenuous , " said Dr. Philip Zimbardo , professor emeritus of psychology . "  Rumsfeld authorized a list of interrogation methods that violated the Geneva Convention and the Convention against Torture used on detainees at Guantanamo Bay ... and Iraq 's Abu Ghraib Prison , " said Zimbardo , whose most recent book , "  The Lucifer Effect , " finds that given the right "  situational " influences , anyone can be made to participate in violent and depraved acts . Lee said her position does not discourage debate or public exchange of ideas . "  Let me stress that the petition objects to Rumsfeld 's appointment as Distinguished Visiting Fellow , an appointment we find without merit , " Lee said . "  In fact , there is nothing in the language of the petition that says Mr. Rumsfeld is forbidden to air his views at Stanford or is not welcome for a public lecture or open forum . " But not everyone disagrees with the appointment . "  Personally I disagree with his politics , " said Brett Hammon , a political science major . "  But at the same time , I 'm not sure I think it would be prudent for the university to refuse hiring him just because most students disagree with his politics . I know I would hate it if I went to school in Texas and the university refused to hire a prominent liberal politician just because most of the student body was conservative . " E-mail to a friend	Stanford : Well within the Hoover Institution 's right to appoint Rumsfeld Rumsfeld will spend a year as a Distinguished Visiting Fellow Opposition : Online petition has been signed by more than 3,500
CNN  -- We watch more than 2 billion YouTube videos every day , but let 's admit it -- we 're usually viewing a top 25 clip , a video forwarded by a friend or an old standby like David After Dentist  some of those 66 million views must be repeats  . But what happens to the gazillion other videos that are uploaded to YouTube only to languish in obscurity ? The sheer volume of stuff on YouTube -- 24 hours of video are uploaded to the site every minute -- means that for every breakaway , million-view hit , there are thousands of clips that almost nobody ever sees . Luckily , we now have Zero Views , a new blog that scrapes the bottom of the YouTube barrel for the most entertainingly awful clips . At the time they were discovered on YouTube and re-posted , each of these videos had attracted literally zero views . Watch the clip "  Aw yo , listen , " of a bandana-covered teen doing a Macarena/hip-hop solo boogie in his bedroom to Middle Eastern dance music . Admire the 23 seconds of "  Do n't give her no meat , " featuring pet hamsters sharing a meal with a family at the dinner table . With new videos posted daily , Zero Views videos remind us how boring , mundane and disgusting some people can be -- something that 's easily forgotten if all you watch is popular videos . Zero Views democratizes the online platform . At worst , it 's a place to get a laugh , or maybe feel better about your own awkward attempts at YouTube fame . At best , it gives equal footing to all of us -- even people who , measured solely by online viewership , nobody cares about . If you need to cleanse your video-watching palate afterwards , watch the "  100 GREATEST HITS OF YOUTUBE IN 4 MINUTES " a clever compilation of skateboard wipeouts , cute babies and keyboard-playing cats . It 's gotten more than 7 million views . But after spending some time with Zero Views , the popular videos may seem a little less real .	Zero Views is a new website that scrapes the bottom of the YouTube barrel The site 's videos remind us how disgusting or boring some people can be Zero Views gathers mundane clips that , as of their posting , had attracted no viewers
CNN  -- She says she was brought up to be the fastest driver , not the fastest girl . None of the boys were faster on Sunday . Danica Patrick became the first woman to win the pole position for the Daytona 500 , considered the Super Bowl of NASCAR , posting a lap of 196.434 mph . She 'll start next Sunday 's "  Great American Race " in the front row , on the inside part of the track . The polesitter begins the race with certain strategic advantages as well as the prestige of leading an elite pack . What is poll position ? Becoming the first woman to win a pole at any NASCAR top-division race is another milestone for a racer known for breaking barriers . "  I 've heard stories about a kid , a boy or a girl , saying , ` But mommy , daddy . That 's a girl that 's out there racing . ' And then they can have that conversation to say , ` You can do anything you want to do and gender does n't matter . ' Your passion is what matters . And that 's cool , " Patrick told CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday . "  When the pressure is on and when the spotlight is on , they ultimately become some of my better moments , " she said earlier . Patrick , who was the favorite to win the pole , said she felt some nerves because of the high expectations . "  I feel more nervous when there is more on the line , " she said . "  It was , ` Just do n't make a stupid mistake . ' " She said that driving a qualifying lap at Daytona , where drivers shift gears three times then run the engine pretty much wide open , was 90 % crew preparation and 10 % driver . Not so , said her crew chief , Tony Gibson , who said it 's an even split . "  I 'm proud of her . She did n't falter , " he said . She will start her No. 10 GODADDY Chevrolet in the front row next week alongside Jeff Gordon , who ran a lap at the 2.5-mile Daytona International Speedway at 196.292 mph in his No. 24 Drive to End Hunger Chevrolet . "  She runs so smooth , keeps such a smooth line and that 's what you have to do to carry speed here , " co-car owner and fellow driver Tony Stewart said . A pole position does not guarantee success . Only nine of the pole winners in the first 54 Daytona 500s won the race and no one has earned both victories since Dale Jarrett in 2000 , NASCAR spokesman Scott Warfield said . The rest of the field will be set in two qualifying races scheduled for Thursday . Patrick and Gordon are guaranteed two of the 43 slots in the final lineup . But they go to the back of the pack if they wreck their cars in the qualifiers , or at any time before Sunday 's race , and have to switch to a backup car , Warfield said . Patrick , 30 , is in her first full year as a NASCAR Sprint Cup driver . Last year she made 10 Sprint Cup starts , qualifying no better than 23rd . NASCAR says Patrick still qualifies as a rookie for the 2013 season and she 's the first rookie to win the Daytona 500 pole since Jimmie Johnson in 2002 . Before racing stock cars , Patrick raced open-wheel IndyCars for several years . Patrick said winning a pole position in Kansas in 2005 was one of her top moments as an IndyCar driver . She also was the first woman to win a race in that series , in Japan in 2008 , and was the first woman to ever lead a lap at the famed Indianapolis 500 . Patrick won a pole last year at Daytona in the Nationwide Series , NASCAR 's second division . She finished 38th in that race and in the Daytona 500 and she said on Sunday that she plans on competing in both races again next weekend . Janet Guthrie previously held both the records for qualifying by a female driver . She qualified ninth for two races in 1977 and her best Daytona starting position was 18th in 1980 . Gordon , a three-time champion at the Daytona 500 , welcomed Patrick to the front row . "  This is great from the sport and the rest of us will benefit from it , " he said . "  I 'm proud to sit on the front row with her . " She also said that the wait to see if she had won the pole was made more agonizing because she had gone to work out as other drivers went one by one , trying to best her top lap . Patrick told CNN that understanding the scope of her achievement "  is something that happens down the road . In the moment , it 's about thinking about what I need to do for next Sunday and trying to make some more history . "	NASCAR racer Danica Patrick says "  gender does n't matter " Patrick said she enjoys pressure-filled moments Patrick is the first woman to win a pole in NASCAR 's top division Jeff Gordon will start on the outside of the front row
CNN  -- Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said early Tuesday that his country will not renew a cease-fire with pro-Russian separatists , vowing instead "  we will advance , and we will liberate our land . " The fragile cease-fire expired at midnight Monday -- hours after Poroshenko spoke by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande . The cease-fire -- agreed upon earlier this month amid a volatile political crisis -- raised hopes that Ukraine could be moving back from the brink of full-fledged civil war . The crisis has its roots in former President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to shun a European Union Association Agreement last year and work with Russia instead . The move unleashed deadly strife that led to Yanukovych 's ouster , Ukraine 's loss of Crimea and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since the Russian annexation of Crimea in March , when Russia also massed troops along its western border with Ukraine . After Monday 's phone call , Poroshenko said his goal was peace , but said it takes the participation of all parties to maintain stability , noting violations of the cease-fire by pro-Russian separatists . A statement from Putin 's press office about the call said the Russian President "  stressed the need to extend the cease-fire and also establish a reliable mechanism for monitoring " it .	The cease-fire expired at midnight Monday Poroshenko spoke earlier in the day with Russia 's Putin and intermediaries He says it takes all parties to maintain peace
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II will miss a service celebrating the Commonwealth Monday , as she continues to recover from an illness that left her hospitalized last week , Buckingham Palace announced in a statement . The 86-year-old monarch was admitted to a London hospital on March 3 with symptoms of gastroenteritis , an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines , before being released the following day . A palace source told CNN the queen 's health problems are "  nothing serious " and "  nothing to fret about , " despite preventing her attending the Commonwealth Observance service at London 's Westminster Abbey . The queen will still attend Monday evening 's Commonwealth Reception at Marlborough House , the statement said , where she will sign a new charter calling for equal rights in all Commonwealth nations . The charter , adopted in December by all 54 countries over which the queen nominally presides , declares : "  We are implacably opposed to all forms of discrimination , whether rooted in gender , race , colour , creed , political belief or other grounds . " While some observers believe the queen 's signing of the Commonwealth Charter signals her implicit support for gay rights and women 's equality , a Buckingham Palace official said the monarch is merely carrying out her official duties . The official said : "  The Queen is apolitical and is signing the document in her capacity as head of the Commonwealth . " The 16-point charter also embraces democracy , freedom of speech and the rule of law among its provisions . The charter 's principles could be difficult to implement in many Commonwealth countries , like Nigeria and Uganda , where homosexual acts are currently illegal . Prince Philip , the queen 's husband , will attend the ceremony at Westminister Abbey , where a recorded message from the queen will be played . This year 's Commonwealth theme is "  Opportunity through enterprise , " and in the message the queen declares : "  From climbing the highest mountain , to winning a sporting competition , making a scientific breakthrough , building a successful business or discovering unique artistic talent -- these outcomes all begin as a simple goal or idea in one person 's mind . " "  Our shared values of peace , democracy , development , justice and human rights -- which are found in our new ` Commonwealth Charter ' -- mean that we place special emphasis on including everyone in this goal , especially those who are vulnerable . " A Palace official said the queen , who celebrated her 60th year on the throne in 2012 , hopes to undertake some of her official engagements planned for the rest of this week .	Queen Elizabeth to miss Commonwealth Day service as she recovers from illness Monarch will attend Monday night reception , where she will sign Commonwealth Charter Charter calls for end to discrimination on any grounds , implicitly including homosexuality Palace official insists queen is apolitical and is merely carrying out official duties
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Tea Party activists supporting a bill that would slash collective bargaining rights of Wisconsin public employees flocked to Madison on Saturday , bringing a new dimension to a budget battle that shows few signs of compromise . As tens of thousands of people marched in favor or against the bill , Republican Gov. Scott Walker indicated he has the votes to pass it . "  We 're going to stay firm on it , " he said on the fifth day of large protests and political wrangling in the capital , which saw the arrival of conservative groups . "  Wisconsin is ground zero , " said Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity . "  I think it is going to determine largely whether the pampered nature of these public employees is finally reined in . " Walker has called on 14 Democratic state senators , who fled the state rather than allow a quorum permitting a vote on the bill , to return to Madison . Bill opponents say they wo n't allow a vote unless Walker negotiates on the plan to eliminate collective bargaining rights for everything but wages . The legislation also would require most employees to pay more for their pensions and health insurance benefits . "  I have been informed that all state and local public employees -- including teachers -- have agreed to the financial aspects of Gov. Walker 's request , " said Sen. Jon Erpenbach , a Democrat . "  This includes Walker 's requested concessions on public employee health care and pension . In return they ask only that the provisions that deny their right to collectively bargain are removed . This will solve the budget challenge . " Walker , who says the state is "  broke , " is asking legislators to pass his Budget Repair Bill to combat a $ 137 million shortfall through June 30 . An upcoming two-year budget for 2011-13 must address a pending $ 3.6 billion deficit , he said . Opponents say the proposed legislation is an attack on workers ' rights . Until Saturday 's counter-demonstrators appeared , the growing protests since Monday were largely made up of those against Walker 's plan . They remained the clear majority of those marching ; many were drawn Saturday by the arrival of Walker 's supporters . There were no reports of major incidents or arrests by late Saturday afternoon , and authorities expressed their gratitude . "  On behalf of all the law enforcement agencies that helped keep the peace on the Capitol Square Saturday , a very sincere thank you to all of those who showed up to exercise their First Amendment rights , " Madison police said in a statement . "  You conducted yourselves with great decorum and civility , and if the eyes of the nation were upon Wisconsin , then you have shown how democracy can flourish even amongst those who passionately disagree . " Teachers and other public employees kept the pressure on the governor to go to the bargaining table . Madison teacher Karen Kaminsky said she would n't have gone to college if her father had not been in a union . "  This will break the backs of middle-class families , " she told CNN affiliate WTMJ , adding Walker should be willing to negotiate . The governor 's press secretary , Cullen Werwie , released a statement Saturday calling on Erpenbach , Senate Minority Leader Mark Miller and other Democrats to return from Illinois . "  These are many of the same senators who , two years ago , rammed through a billion dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input , " the statement said . "  The quickest way to resolve the current situation is for the Democratic senators to stop shirking their responsibilities and debate the bill in Madison . " Saturday 's protests inside and outside the Capitol were the largest of the week , numbering about 55,000 , said Carla Vigue , spokeswoman for the Wisconsin Department of Administration . Some estimates were higher . Friday saw about 40,000 demonstrators , Vigue said . The conservative group American Majority helped organize the "  I Stand With Walker " campaign evident this weekend in Madison . "  Buses will be coming from across the state , bringing citizens fed up with big union contracts and bloated government , " the group said on its website . "  We win here , we win everywhere . " The defecting Democratic lawmakers say they wo n't return until Walker agrees to negotiate with the teacher 's union on the governor 's proposals to reduce the state 's budget deficit by cutting benefits for its members . They also want language removed from the bill that critics say threatens the existence of all public employee unions in the state . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney addressed the continued protests Friday , saying President Barack Obama "  is very understanding of the need for state governments , governors , state legislatures to reduce spending to make tough choices to be fiscally responsible . " But he added , "  He also feels very strongly that we need not to make this an assault on the collective bargaining rights of workers in any given state . "  He understands public employees need to make sacrifices just like everyone else . " Walker 's proposed legislation requires workers to cover more of their health care premiums and pension contributions , although supporters say local governments will decide on health care contributions for their employees Walker contends the increases are "  modest " compared to what workers in private industry pay . It also requires collective bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification , a costly procedure , and eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks . CNN 's Casey Wian and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Protesters showed "  decorum and civility , " Madison police say Governor reiterates calls for AWOL Democrats to come back Tea Party activists are brought in by the busload to support the budget bill Governor says he will stand firm on cost-cutting measures
CNN  -- Mitchell Guist , a star of the reality TV show "  Swamp People , " died Monday in Louisiana . He was aboard a boat near Belle River Landing in the southern part of the state when he appeared to have a seizure , said Assumption Parish Sheriff Mike Waguespack , citing an unidentified man who was with Guist . The reality show star then fell on the boat . The man who was with Guist towed both his boat and Guist 's boat back to the landing , called 911 and performed CPR , said Waguespack . WAFB : ` Swamp People ' star dies Guist was transferred to the Teche Regional Medical Center in Morgan City , where he was pronounced dead . "  We are extremely saddened to report that our friend and beloved member of the ` Swamp People ' family , Mitchell Guist , has passed away earlier today . Mitchell passed on the swamp , doing what he loved . We appreciate your respect for the Guist family 's privacy and hope you join us in sending our thoughts and prayers to his brother , Glenn , and the rest of the Guist family , " the History Channel said in a statement . So what is ` Swamp People ? ' Glenn Guist is also a cast member on the show . "  Swamp People " is the popular History Channel TV series that chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in Louisiana . Fans pay tribute to ` Swamp People ' Mitchell Guist Readers : What 's the best way to pay tribute to Mitchell Guist ? Please leave your comments below .	"  Mitchell passed on the swamp , doing what he loved , " the History Channel says He fell on a boat and may have had a seizure , a sheriff says "  Swamp People " chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in Louisiana
CNN  -- Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte resigned Monday after a far-right party withdrew its support for his government , a government spokesman said . The move may clear the way for early elections in the Netherlands , possibly as soon as this summer , the government said . The resignation came after the far-right party withdrew from talks about an austerity package worth â ‚ ¬ 14.2 billion , the equivalent of $ 18.6 billion , according to a news report reprinted on a parliamentary website . Lawmakers are scheduled to meet Tuesday to decide how to go forward . Queen Beatrix asked Rutte and his ministers to stay in their positions until new elections . Rutte 's government had depended on the support of Geert Wilders ' Party for Freedom , which came in third in parliamentary elections two years ago . No party won enough seats to govern alone in 2010 , so Rutte cobbled together a coalition with another center-right party . But even that alliance did not command a majority in parliament , so they relied on the support of Wilders ' anti-Muslim party . The Party for Freedom did not get control of any government ministries , but the coalition agreement included elements it pushed for , such as a burqa ban . No ban has been put in place . Wilders ' Party for Freedom defied predictions by taking 24 seats in parliament in June 2010 , more than doubling the number of seats it held before the vote . Wilders himself has been in and out of court for years , accused of inciting hatred against Muslims with his controversial film "  Fitna . " The movie , which he released online in March 2008 to international outcry , features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran in an apparent attempt to paint Islam as a threat to Western society .	Lammakers will meet Tuesday to decide how to go forward Mark Rutte 's government depended on the support of Geert Wilders ' Party for Freedom The far-right party did far better than anyone expected in 2010 The country could hold new elections within months
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Given the magnitude of Japan 's recession , it should perhaps come as little surprise that the fantasy-obsessed animation industry has received a hard dose of reality . Nobuki Mitani is an "  in-between " animator -- one of the lowest paid positions in animation . Yasuo Yamaguchi , executive director of the Association of Japanese Animators , said the industry has been rocked by the country 's deepest recession since World War II . "  The spread of free Internet downloading is having a deadly effect , " he said . Japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion-a-year industry . Revenues peaked in 2006 but have since fallen off , as lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new programs . Yamaguchi said the animation industry is important to Japan 's economy and that the government should be helping it through these tough times with subsidies . Watch CNN 's Morgan Neill report on anime " Unlike some big screen animated features from the United States that rely almost completely on computer animation , in Japan , almost all features are drawn by hand -- a labor-intensive craft practiced by thousands of young artists each year . For the last six years , Nobuki Mitani , has been working as an "  in-between " animator -- filling in the cells between "  key " animations . It is one of the lowest paid positions in the animation hierarchy . Many of these entry-level jobs have been outsourced to the Philippines and South Korea in recent years . Mitani , 27 , said the hours are long , and the pay is low -- about $ 800 a month . "  Every day I work about 10 to 12 hours , " he said . "  Often , we work on Saturday , and if it 's busy , we work Sunday , too . " In Tokyo , the world 's most expensive city , that means living in cramped conditions . Mitani lives in a tiny one-room apartment with no air conditioning . In summer , the room is sweltering . "  I try not to drink water , " he said , "  to control the sweating . " He has a shared sink at the end of the hall where he can wash his hands and face , but to bathe he has to go to a public bath . At the Tokyo Animation Institute , the classrooms are filled with students honing the craft , faces close to their sheets of paper , the only sound a hum from the electric pencil sharpener . The school 's director , Yosuke Shimizu , said he knows many of his graduates will quit their first jobs after just months . "  Within half a year , some will take freelance jobs , some will take a key drawing job , and some will become sketch directors . Those who are good enough never complain about how hard the job is , " he said . At Toei Animation Studios , conditions are better for the animators than in smaller studios . Toei has produced countless successes over the years , including the "  Dragonball " series and the ongoing favorite "  One Piece . " But even here animation is an intense , demanding job . Naotoshi Shida has been working at Toei for 25 years . He said it takes much more than just a love of drawing to succeed . "  If someone is thinking of doing this just because they love drawing , that 's called a hobby . They 'd better think of doing something else . "	Association of Japanese Animators says industry rocked by recession Group also says free Internet downloading is having a deadly effect Japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry Revenues peaked in 2006 ; lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new programs
CNN  -- Bruce Windsor is known as many things : church deacon , soccer coach , father of four . But facing potential financial problems , he 's now known as something else : suspected bank robber . Bruce Windsor listens Friday as a judge tells him he faces kidnapping and robbery charges . Police say the 43-year-old owner of a real estate company walked into the Carolina First Bank in Greenville , South Carolina , late Thursday with a mask and a handgun . In court documents filed Friday , police said he forced two bank employees into an office at gunpoint and demanded money . Police arrived minutes later with the suspect still inside , touching off a tense 90-minute standoff before he released the hostages and surrendered . His actions were "  out of character " for a man who has never been in trouble with the law before , friends and relatives said . His tearful sister , defending him as he stood before a judge , said , "  He must have just snapped under the pressure . " In his initial appearance for a bond hearing , Windsor was in an orange jail jumpsuit , shackled and with his hands cuffed . In a quiet voice , he answered "  yes , sir " as the judge explained the charges to him : two counts of kidnapping , one count of robbery and two counts of pointing firearms at a person , charges that could carry more than 30 years in prison if convicted . A police detective told the judge Windsor said he had been experiencing financial problems . But police spokesman Cpl. Jason Rampey told CNN they could not yet say for certain whether money problems were the motive for the alleged robbery . His attorney said in court Windsor had been married for 16 years and was the father of four children . Reports say the oldest is 11 . Attorney Sidney Mitchell told the judge he was "  a model citizen up until yesterday , ' and we 've obviously got a lot of talking to do with him , " Rampey said . The judge allowed his family to stand with him during the court appearance . His sister clutched his arm , crying through most of the brief hearing . His wife stood behind him , appearing to rub his back . His pastor at Brushy Creek Baptist Church , where Windsor is a deacon , stood at his side . His sister told the judge Windsor coaches one of his children 's soccer teams and picks them up every day from school . "  He would never , ever hurt his family , " she said in a halting voice . Sobbing , she said , "  I ca n't imagine the desperation that must have caused this . " The incident , she said , "  does n't even register . " Windsor then spoke up , saying , "  I 've never stolen anything in my life . " But the judge reminded the court "  this is a very serious incident , " setting the bail at just over $ 1.5 million . On Thursday , SWAT officers surrounded the Carolina First bank as the suspect allegedly made the hostages move with him at gunpoint inside until he surrendered . Bank owner Art Seaver , who nervously watched the standoff unfold at the scene , met with his employees before they reopened Friday morning for a "  time of reflection and a time of healing . " Asked if everything was back to normal , he told CNN affiliate WSPA , "  No . What is normal ? " Two different images of Windsor unfolded the day after the incident . The man his pastor called "  one of the best fathers I know , anywhere " and the man court documents said "  forced the victims to move with him at gunpoint during the attempted robbery . The victims were held by the accuser against their will for over an hour . " Rampey said Greenville 's crisis negotiating team just happened to be training on Thursday for hostage scenario when the call came in for the real thing . As SWAT officers took up positions outside , negotiators talked to the suspect , who then allowed the hostages to go . SWAT officers said in court documents they "  challenged the subject at gunpoint " before he lay down on the ground and surrendered . No shots were fired and no one was injured .	Police say man robbed a Carolina First Bank in Greenville , South Carolina , Thursday Suspect , Bruce Windsor , 43 , owns a real estate company and is a church deacon He had no criminal history but was facing financial difficulties , detective testifies Robbery resulted in a tense standoff with two bank employees held hostage
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic admitted that this year could have been better for him at the grand slams . He won the Australian Open but lost two finals and had clay-court king Rafael Nadal on the ropes at the French Open . Djokovic , though , had reason to celebrate Monday as he became just the ninth man to spend at least 100 weeks at No. 1 on the tennis tour . Djokovic achieved the top ranking in July 2011 , taking over from Nadal , and has mostly held down the No. 1 position ever since . When he caught Nadal two years ago , it marked the first time since 2004 that the Spaniard or Roger Federer was n't at the summit . "  I was taught to dream big and to dream to be No. 1 in the world , " Djokovic told the ATP website . "  It takes years of hard work and dedication . "  It is a long process to become a champion . Tennis is a very specific and unique sport , where you take all the credit or all the blame . " Djokovic 's major breakthrough came in 2011 , when he claimed three of the four majors and started the campaign with 41 consecutive victories . Although he only landed one grand slam title in both 2012 and 2013 , Djokovic appeared in a 14th straight grand slam semifinal in New York this month , moving him more than halfway past Federer 's impressive record of 23 . Nadal , however , is almost certain to reclaim No. 1 this fall since he trails Djokovic by less than 300 points and has no points to defend until 2014 . Indeed if Nadal reaches the final of next week 's China Open -- where Djokovic is the top seed -- he 's guaranteed to leapfrog the Serb . "  There are still a lot of tournaments to come , " said Djokovic . "  Calculations are not on my mind right now . I am trying to feed on the confidence that I have . " Federer holds the men 's record for weeks at No. 1 at 302 . Federer is scheduled to return to action at October 's Shanghai Masters while the other member of the ` Big Four , ' Andy Murray , is set to miss the rest of 2013 with a back injury .	Novak Djokovic becomes the ninth man to spend at least 100 weeks at No. 1 Djokovic achieved the top ranking in July 2011 and has been mostly No. 1 ever since But Djokovic is now in danger of losing the No. 1 ranking to a surging Rafael Nadal Djokovic and Nadal are competing at next week 's China Open in Beijing
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- An international sports icon is behind bars . His girlfriend is dead . And South Africa is grappling with one of its most notorious killings in recent memory . Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius , known as Blade Runner for his lightning-fast prosthetic legs , shook and sobbed Friday when a judge officially charged him with killing his girlfriend on Valentine 's Day . Wearing a dark suit , he buried his head in his hands at a packed courtroom in Pretoria . Prosecutors said they plan to charge the 26-year-old with premeditated murder . Pistorius rejects the murder allegation "  in the strongest terms , " his agent , Peet Vanzuyl , told CNN . His girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp , was found in a pool of blood at Pistorius ' home Thursday in an upscale neighborhood in the capital . Neighbors alerted authorities to the early morning shooting , saying they had "  heard things earlier , " according to police spokeswoman Denise Beukes . She did not clarify what the neighbors reported they heard . The track star was arrested the same day . Steenkamp 's killing rattled South Africa , not only for the fame factor , but also because the country is grappling with a disturbing problem -- 71 % of women report that they 've been the victim of sexual abuse . Just in the past few weeks , 17-year-old Anene Booyson died after being gang-raped and mutilated in the tiny tourist town of Bredasdorp , two hours southeast of Cape Town . Booyson 's death inspired this week 's nationwide rape awareness day dubbed Black Friday . The day before she was killed , Steenkamp retweeted a message on Twitter in support of Black Friday . While police have not discussed a possible motive for the model 's killing , local media reported that Pistorius had mistaken his girlfriend for an intruder . South Africa has a high crime rate , and many homeowners keep weapons to protect themselves from intruders . But Beukes , the police spokeswoman , stressed that this scenario did not come from authorities . There was no evidence of forced entry at the home , she said . Police said there had been previous "  allegations of a domestic nature " at his house , but they did not elaborate . Investigators found a pistol at the scene . South Africa 's gun debate On a larger stage , Steenkamp 's killing has given gun control advocates a spotlight to push for stricter laws . Gunpolicy.org says there are just under 6 million licensed firearms in South Africa , a country of 50 million people . "  There are 1.5 million gun owners -- about 3.5 million guns in civilians hands , " said Alan Storey , chairman of Gun Free South Africa . Most of the victims of gun homicides are between the ages 20 and 30 , he said . South Africa has passed tough legislation that includes a requirement for a thorough background check for prospective gun owners . The check includes spouses and partners , and is repeated every few years , he said . WATCH : Police probe shooting at Pistorius home "  People acquire guns believing they are more safe ... but they place themselves at great risk , " Storey said . "  We 've made airplanes a gun-free zone . We need to bring that logic down to earth . " But the South African Gunowners ' Association , a popular gun lobby group , has said citizens have the right to protect themselves from increasingly violent crimes . "  There are already more than enough laws and regulations to control the possession of firearms by private citizens , " it says on its website . "  Fewer and less complex laws reasonably , yet properly , applied could achieve the required objective . " One issue in South Africa is stolen guns . Guns are often stolen from home , reports show , but also from the police . Statistics suggest that 18,196 police firearms have been lost or stolen during the five-year period beginning April 1 2005 to March 31 2011 . From hero to murder suspect Beyond the violence , South Africans struggled with the idea that they 've lost a hero , an athlete who embodied what it meant to overcome incredible physical odds . When Pistorius was a toddler , his legs were amputated below the knees because of a bone defect . Earning the nickname "  Blade Runner , " Pistorius runs on special carbon fiber blades . He became the first Paralympic sprinter competing against able-bodied athletes at the London Olympics last year . His face became a fixture on billboards across the nation , and he and Steenkamp were photographed at high-profile celebrity events and around town . Hours after the news of his arrest , some of the billboards started coming down . His sponsors also pulled away . Nike removed an ad featuring him from its website showing him taking off for a run with the words "  I am the bullet in the chamber . " Other Pistorius sponsors -- including prosthetics manufacturer Ossur , British Telecom , and Oakley , which makes sunglasses and other products -- expressed condolences and said they had no further comment . The sports icon appeared in headlines across the nation , overshadowing the State of the Union address by President Jacob Zuma . "  Golden Boy Loses Shine , " read a headline on the front page of the Sowetan . The Pretoria court postponed Pistorius ' bail hearing to Tuesday and ordered him to remain in custody until then . Prosecutors said they will argue that he committed premeditated murder . Authorities said they will oppose bail , but did not provide their reasons for the decision . He shattered barriers The double amputee 's London Olympics appearance brought controversy , as some said the prosthetic limbs gave him an advantage . Pistorius was initially refused permission to enter the Olympics , but he hired a legal team to prove that his artificial limbs did not give him an unfair advantage , and he was allowed to compete . While he did not win a medal , his presence on the track was lauded as an example of victory over adversity and dedication to a goal . In the 2012 Paralympics , held a few weeks after the Olympics , he smashed a record to win the men 's 400-meter in the final athletics event of the Games . In October , he discussed the "  massive blessing " of inspiring people around the world . "  Being an international sportsman , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " PHOTOS : The career of Oscar Pistorius CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from Pretoria , and Ashley Fantz and Faith Karim from Atlanta . CNN 's Josh Levs , Marilia Brocchetto and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Famous runner Oscar Pistorius rejects murder allegation Pistorius shakes uncontrollably as he faces murder charges Nike pulls an ad featuring Pistorius and the word "  bullet "
CNN  -- A New Jersey father of a 4-year-old boy who fatally shot a 6-year-old neighbor in the head was arrested Monday night for having unsecured weapons accessible to children , the Atlantic County Prosecutor 's Office said . Anthony Senatore , 33 , was charged with six counts of endangering the welfare of children and a disorderly person 's offense for enabling access by minors to a loaded firearm , Prosecutor Jim McClain said . Senatore 's 4-year-old son was playing in a yard on April 8 when he went inside and retrieved his father 's loaded .22 - caliber rifle from a bedroom . When he came back out , he fired a single shot that struck 6-year-old Brandon Holt in the head . Brandon was taken to the Jersey Shore University Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead the next day . Six-year-old dies a day after being shot In addition to the loaded rifle , four other firearms were found in Senatore 's bedroom , all unsecured , close to ammunition and accessible to his three children , the prosecutor 's office said . Senatore is being held on $ 100,000 bail . When and how do parents educate children about guns ? 5-year-old Kentucky boy fatally shoots 2-year-old sister Kids and guns : ` These are not isolated tragedies '	Brandon Holt , 6 , was shot in the head by a 4-year-old playmate on April 8 The 4-year-old 's father was arrested Monday He is charged with six counts of child endangerment
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A protest outside the Iranian embassy in Beirut turned deadly Sunday , the leader of a Lebanese political party said . Ahmed Assad , who heads the Option party -- which opposes Hezbollah and the Syrian government -- told reporters one man from his group was shot in the stomach and died . "  They killed him to silence his freedom of speech , " he said . Members of the group were protesting what they called Iranian intervention in Syria when some of its members were attacked , a spokesman said . He said two other people were hurt . The National News Agency reported demonstrators were confronted by "  some young men in the area . " U.N. : Nearly half of Syria 's populace will need aid The neighborhood is a primarily pro-Hezbollah area . CNN staffers saw a heavy presence of Lebanese security forces outside the embassy . Soldiers had cleared the area and media members were being kept away from the scene . Syrian dissidents have said Hezbollah , the powerful Lebanese Shiite militia backed by Iran and the Syrian government , has sent fighters to the conflict . Hezbollah recently teamed with government forces during a pitched battle for the Syrian town of the border city of Qusayr , members of the Syrian opposition said . The Lebanese government has remained officially neutral in the conflict -- even as it has firmly , but quietly , supported Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Syria 's embattled Qusayr off-limits to aid workers	Option party head says member was killed outside Iranian embassy State media says local men confronted the demonstrators Hezbollah is supported by Iran , Syria Lebanese government has quietly backed government in Syrian civil war
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- Some protesters not satisfied with the Moroccan king 's proposed constitutional reforms have called for a peaceful demonstration Sunday . "  The national coordinators  of the movement  have called for a demonstration Sunday for a truly democratic constitution and a parliamentary monarchy , " a member of the Rabat wing said Saturday . "  The plan as proposed by the king yesterday , does not respond to our demands for a true separation of powers , " he said Saturday . King Mohammed VI of Morocco declared sweeping reforms that will boost the power of the prime minister and take away some of his own . Morocco 's revamped draft constitution will make officials more accountable , the parliament in Rabat more dynamic and will give the government greater powers , the 47-year-old king said in a nationally televised address . A Casablanca-based spokeswoman for the reform movement said "  tomorrow there should n't be nationwide demonstrations as all Moroccans are happy with the king 's speech . " The movement has called for the creation of a parliamentary monarchy , an end to the influence of the king 's inner circle and for a crackdown on corrupt officials . Spain and Britain are examples of a parliamentary monarchy . In his 30-minute speech Friday , the sovereign described the draft constitution as "  a bedrock of the special Moroccan democratic development model -- a new historical bond between the throne and the people , " while describing himself as a "  citizen king . " His actions followed a series of unprecedented protests not seen before in this North African modern Muslim country , where street protests are normally tolerated by the state , unlike in most other Arab countries . If the draft is ratified in a referendum set for July 1 , its most radical change would be empowering voters to select a prime minister , thereby ending the longstanding practice in which the king has selected his own man for the job . The prime minister has tended to take his lead from the sovereign on key matters of state . If Moroccans back the draft , then the new prime minister would have new powers in decision-making and in day-to-day management -- relieving the king of a number of duties and aligning the style of management along the lines followed by some European Union countries . In an example of power sharing , the draft constitution empowers the prime minister to dissolve the House of Representatives , and stresses that the king shall consult him before announcing the dissolution of parliament . "  It specifies the conditions to be observed in each case in order to ensure the separation of powers as well as balance and cooperation between the branches , " the king said . Friday 's speech stems from a process that was first announced in March , after widespread civil unrest in the wake of the revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt . The king instructed a hand-picked committee to consult with political parties , trade unions and civil society groups on constitutional changes with a brief to trim the monarch 's political powers and make the judiciary independent . But not all civil society groups were consulted , which sparked a wave of demonstrations across the kingdom from groups who feared they would be left out of the new plan . This move alone -- to grant real power to an elected prime minister -- could satisfy a number of demands from those members of society who have called for change . Confirming the full authority of the head of government over cabinet members , the draft constitution gives the prime minister the power to propose and dismiss cabinet members . But King Mohammed will remain a key power-broker in the security , military and religious fields , according to the draft . For example , the king would still serve as "  the supreme commander of the armed forces " and would not relinquish the power to appoint ambassadors and diplomats under the new constitution . Furthermore , the king would retain the power to dissolve parliament after consultations with the new constitutional court , half of whose members he would have appointed .	Some protesters will gather Sunday ; others oppose idea Moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for July 1 King Mohammed 's role would be that of "  citizen king " Mohammed says the constitution will guarantee independence of the judiciary
CNN  Uma Thurman not only has a new project , she also has a new look . The 44-year-old actress looked quite different when she recently walked the red carpet for the premiere of her new NBC miniseries , "  The Slap . " Thurman wore minimal makeup and her blonde hair tucked behind her ears . Her appearance set off an onslaught of comments similar to when actress Renee Zellweger raised eyebrows in October by looking little like she did during her "  Bridget Jones " days . Renee Zellweger : ` I 'm glad folks think I look different ' The coverage of Thurman 's new look has ranged from the Daily Mail headline "  What has Uma Thurman done to her face ? " to Hollywood Life writing that the actress is now "  nearly unrecognizable . " "  I know I look weird , " Thurman told Savannah Guthrie of the "  Today " show when asked about all the hoopla . "  I do n't know , I guess nobody liked my makeup . "	Uma Thurman surprised some at the premiere for her new miniseries "  I guess nobody liked my makeup , " she said on "  Today "
CNN  -- The Casey Anthony murder trial ended an hour and a half early Thursday , with Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. telling members of the media in the courtroom that Anthony was ill . Jurors were not told why the trial ended early Thursday , and Perry asked them not to speculate . He said court would be in recess until Friday . After the jurors left , Perry spoke to members of the media in the courtroom , saying that Anthony was ill and that neither the prosecution nor the defense had any comment on the matter . The judge asked reporters not to question either side about it . The details of Anthony 's illness were not given . During a short break before the announcement , Anthony drank a bottle of water quietly as attorneys spoke together and went back to Perry 's chambers , according to In Session 's Michael Christian . She was escorted out of the courtroom during the break , then brought back in , but lay her head down on her arms at the defense table . She did not stand as the jurors left the courtroom . In a statement released Thursday evening , Orange County Jail spokesman , Allen Moore said Anthony had been returned to jail and was receiving medical attention from the facility 's health services provider . "  No information can be released regarding her treatment or medical condition due to HIPPA and Florida Medical and Mental Health Confidentiality Laws , " Moore said . For security reasons , Moore also declined to state whether Anthony would return to court Friday . "  Orange County Corrections will never reveal the transport of any inmate in our custody due to the security risks posed by such knowledge being made public , " Moore said . Earlier Thursday , testimony centered on the recovery of the skeletal remains of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , from a wooded area in December 2008 . Anthony cried as photographs of the remains were displayed in the Orlando courtroom and avoided looking at the screen where they were displayed . Anthony , 25 , faces seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . The toddler 's family last saw her on June 16 , 2008 , but no one alerted police until July 15 , when the girl 's maternal grandmother tracked down Casey Anthony and demanded answers . Prosecutors allege Casey Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and suffocated her by putting duct tape over the little girl 's mouth and nose . They allege she put her daughter 's body in her car trunk before disposing of it . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found on December 11 , 2008 , less than a mile from the home of Casey Anthony 's parents . Casey Anthony has pleaded not guilty and denied having anything to do with her daughter 's death . Defense attorney Jose Baez has said that when all the facts are known , it will become clear his client is innocent . As the photographs were displayed Thursday , jurors heard testimony from Orange County Sheriff 's Office crime scene technician Jennifer Welch , along with Steve Hanson , chief investigator for the medical examiner 's office , and Gary Utz , Orange County chief deputy Welch detailed items found with the little girl 's remains , including a black plastic bag , an off-white canvas bag , a red plastic Disney bag , a pair of shorts , a blanket and "  clothing remnants . " Duct tape could be seen on the facial region of the skull , she testified . Anthony 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony , were not in the courtroom while the photos were shown Thursday . Jurors also heard a recording of a 911 call in which a utility worker reported that meter reader Roy Kronk claimed to have found a skull at the site where the remains were found . Questioned by Baez , Welch agreed that it was paramount that a crime scene or remains not be tampered with , saying it could affect an investigation . Numerous photographs were introduced into evidence of the skull , along with the duct tape on it and other items found at the scene , such as the canvas laundry bag . Utz testified the skull had its jawbone , or mandible , still attached , which was relatively rare given the stage of decomposition . The duct tape , he testified , was helping keep the jawbone attached , along with hair on the skull . Thursday morning , jurors heard testimony from Casey Anthony 's brother , who testified that his sister -- out of jail on bail the month after Caylee was reported missing -- told him an alternate version of how the little girl was kidnapped by her nanny . He said his sister told him in August 2008 that she had met the nanny , Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez , at an Orlando park along with Gonzalez 's sister . Casey Anthony told him that Gonzalez held her down and told her that she was taking Caylee from her because she was n't a good mother , "  to teach her a lesson , " Lee Anthony said . Gonzalez also warned her not to go to the police , according to Casey Anthony 's account . Lee Anthony recalled his sister saying , "  she could n't believe it was happening , and it felt kind of surreal to her , " he testified . She said she did nothing to stop her child from being taken , he recounted , because "  she was scared and she did n't know what to do . " His sister told him that , from time to time , Gonzalez would contact her through Casey Anthony 's MySpace page and direct her as to what to do and where to go . She went to the locations , she said , in hopes of seeing or retrieving her daughter but was never successful in finding her . Casey Anthony 's account , as related by Lee Anthony , differed markedly from the one she gave authorities after Caylee was reported missing . She maintained to police she dropped the child off at the nanny 's apartment that morning and never saw her again . Authorities were never able to find the nanny . They did find a woman named Zenaida Gonzalez , who denied ever meeting Casey Anthony or Caylee and later sued for defamation . "  Zanny never materialized ? " Baez asked Lee Anthony Thursday . "  To this day , no , " he replied . Lee Anthony also testified Thursday that he was the one searching the Internet on the Anthony family computer July 15 and 16 , 2008 . A computer examiner testified Wednesday that no searches for Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez were found on the computer until July 16 -- dealing a potential blow to Casey Anthony 's claims to authorities that she was frantically searching for her daughter in the month before her disappearance was reported . Computer experts testified Wednesday that in March , someone using the desktop computer , located in the home Casey Anthony shared with her parents , searched for terms including "  chloroform , " "  inhalation , " "  how to make chloroform " and "  head injury . " The searches were found in a portion of the computer 's hard drive that indicated they had been deleted , Detective Sandra Osborne of the Orange County Sheriff 's Office testified Wednesday . However , she told jurors , deleted material remains on a computer 's hard drive and can be retrieved until it is overwritten by new data . It had not been overwritten on the Anthonys ' computer , she said , and "  a complete Internet history " was obtained . It appears the computer user first searched for "  chloraform " on Google and received results for "  chloroform , " said John Bradley , owner of the software development company that created the software used to retrieve the data . One of the search results was from Wikipedia.org , which was accessed , he testified . On the other terms , he said the user either typed those terms in to search , or in some instances may have clicked on hyperlinks on the Wikipedia site . Bradley agreed with Baez 's assertion that the links do not tell jurors what was on the websites accessed , and that some sites could have been jokes or information on self-defense . He also agreed he could not say how closely the user was examining the websites or whether a user was looking at multiple browsers . There were two user-created profiles on the computer , but Osborne told Baez she could not tell who performed the searches . Despite her assertions , prosecutors allege Casey Anthony was not looking for her missing daughter during the month before police were notified of her disappearance . Anthony 's former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances who saw her during that time recalled her shopping , eating out , going to parties and hitting nightclubs , but all of them testified she never mentioned her missing daughter and none of them noticed any change in her demeanor . Her mother testified that Anthony had moved out of her parents ' home about the time Caylee went missing , offering little in the way of explanation , and that when she inquired after Caylee , she was told Caylee was with her nanny , Gonzalez . Earlier in the week , jurors heard testimony regarding a foul odor emanating from Casey Anthony 's trunk . A scientist testified that compounds associated with human decomposition were found there , and a cadaver dog handler testified that his dog "  alerted " to the trunk . In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Anthony receiving medical attention in jail The judge did not give details of Anthony 's illness She cried earlier Thursday as photos of her daughter 's remains were shown She is accused of killing her daughter Caylee , 2 , in 2008
CNN  -- In what has become a dire and politically explosive situation at the border that includes droves of unaccompanied young border-crossers , overcrowded holding facilities , angry protesters and finger-pointing politicians , Washington struggles to get the situation under control . Politicians , however , easily point fingers of blame . On Sunday , politicians from both sides of the political aisle said President Barack Obama is not doing enough to stem the influx of immigrants -- some young children -- from coming to the United States . Obama to blame Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , who represents the district where the immigrants are crossing the Rio Grande Valley at the southernmost tip of the Longhorn State , said the Obama administration is "  one step behind . " "  They should have seen this a long time ago , because we saw those numbers increasing , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " referring to the rise of undocumented immigrants across the border in recent years . Cuellar said that in 2009 , about 6,000 unaccompanied children crossed the border , which jumped to 25,000 in 2013 .  The Los Angeles Times estimated 39,000 children crossed last year .  But just in May , Cuellar said the number exploded to 9,700 unaccompanied children who unlawfully crossed the border . Opinion : The ` i-word ' is un-American Up to 80,000 children are expected this year , most coming from Central America . "  They knew this was happening a year ago , last year . And ... they 're not reacting fast enough at this time , in my personal opinion , " Cuellar said . Cuellar has been putting pressure on the administration to more aggressively address the issue , but his blunt remarks on national television Sunday reveals the level of frustration he has as his district is the entry point for many . He says the drug cartels are in part to blame and at an average of $ 5,000 per person are making hundreds of millions of dollars shuttling mothers with children and unaccompanied children into the United States . Like those children , I too fled Central America Texas Republican Gov. Rick Perry also blasted the President for what he calls his lack of engagement . Perry said he sent the administration a letter in 2012 outlining the rise of unaccompanied children crossing into Texas . He even went so far , again , to say that Obama might be culpable . "  You are either inept or you have some ulterior motive of which you are functioning from . " Perry 's remark did n't go quite as far as a statement he made on Fox News in June when he said , "  I hate to be conspiratorial , " before he floated a conspiracy theory , "  but I mean how do you move that many people from Central America across Mexico and then into the United States without there being a fairly coordinated effort ? " Perry 's tone , however , was a change from just last week when he testified at a congressionally led hearing in McAllen , Texas , near the Mexico border . "  I 'm tired of pointing fingers and blaming people , " he said at the hearing . "  I hope what we can do is come up with some solutions here . " Perry , who is contemplating another run at the Republican presidential nomination , on Sunday said Obama has caused the situation . "  It is a failure of diplomacy . It is a failure of leadership , " he said . But Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois , defended the President , saying he "  understands what needs to be done . " He said Republicans need to look in the mirror when they issue blame . "  They had the opportunity for one solid year to call the Immigration Reform Bill . And yet they refused to , " he said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , a main proponent of the comprehensive immigration reform that passed the Senate but has been stalled in the Republican-led House , said the situation "  breaks my heart " because it hurts any chance there was of completing work on the bill any time soon . What can be done The administration says it is working "  within the confines of the law " to address the crisis , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said . "  There are a number of things that the President and I , within the confines of the law , can do to fix the broken immigration system , and we will , " he said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " He said the administration 's actions include speeding up deportation for the adult immigrants . Opinion : GOP left Obama no choice but to act on immigration But Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , also a proponent of immigration reform , said the children must be sent back . "  If you do n't , you 're going to incentivize people throughout that part of the world to keep sending their children here , " he said on "  Face the Nation . " The administration 's options are somewhat limited . A 2008 human trafficking law says children immigrants from Central America can not be immediately returned to their country of origin and must be cared for humanely . The children are transferred to the Department of Health and Human Services , which is responsible for finding relatives in the United States with whom the children can stay . The youths are given immigration court dates but most do n't appear , adding to the millions of undocumented immigrants living in the United States . Cuellar said the law "  needs to be changed at this time . " Obama has asked Congress to change the law but Congress ' path forward is unclear . Perry , however , refused to indicate a law signed by Republican President George W. Bush was part of the problem . He focused his demands on border security , which is the standard Republican talking point on immigration reform . He said he 's only worried about one law : "  The Constitution requires the United States to secure the border . And we 're not doing that . " In response to Customs and Border Enforcement Commissioner , Gil Kerlikowske , saying he "  is confident " the border patrol has the resources after the deployment of more than 250 additional agents recently , Perry said maintained his insistence that lax border security is the problem . He is "  absolutely and totally wrong , " Perry said , noting that Texas has seven agents per mile compared with 15 per mile along other parts of the border . Showdown over immigration : "  This is an invasion ' CNN 's Ashley Killough and Greg Clary contributed to this report .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry said President Obama has an "  ulterior motive " Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , said the administration is "  one-step behind " The administration said it is working within "  the confines of the law "
New York  CNN  -- Attorneys for the family of a 9/11 victim said they will push forward with a wrongful death lawsuit against United Airlines and a private security company despite a federal judge 's decision to dismiss the Massachusetts Port Authority from the suit . The lawsuit , originally filed in Manhattan federal court , alleges that Massport , United Airlines and security company Huntleigh USA were responsible for the security breaches that led to the death of Mark Bavis , 31 , who was aboard United Flight 175 when it crashed into the World Trade Center 's South Tower on September 11 , 2001 . Donald Migliori , an attorney for Bavis ' family , said that Wednesday 's dismissal of Massport -- the agency that owns and operates Boston Logan International Airport -- from the lawsuit was a disappointment , but that it narrows the case 's focus around security on the airplane itself . "  It will be very targeted to United Airlines , " he said of the lawsuit . "  United failed wholesale at keeping the American public safe . " The suit claims that security screeners at Logan International had trouble communicating in English , were unable to detect weapons such as the chemical spray Mace , and were operating under a general manager who was unaware of the al Qaeda terrorist threat . "  This was a tragic event and we are actively working to resolve this case , " said United Airlines spokeswoman Megan McCarthy . From the start , the defendants have said they are not liable for the attacks . Massport filed a motion to dismiss in May , claiming that the Federal Aviation Administrations regulations for screening passengers and their baggage was the airline 's responsibility , not the airport 's . Massport was dismissed from the suit on Wednesday . "  The entire Logan airport community will forever carry in its heart the events of September 11 , 2001 , " said Massport interim CEO David Mackey in a statement released after the dismissal . "  Our thoughts and prayers will always be with the victims of that tragic day and their families . " The Bavis family is one of 96 families who opted not to settle through the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund , Migliori said . Their lawsuit , which is the last remaining suit brought by family members of 9/11 victims , was filed in 2002 . "  There are lessons that can be learned from this and they want those lessons to be viewed and not buried , " Migliori said . The trial is set to start November 7 . CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report	The family of a 9/11 victim filed the lawsuit The suit also names United Airlines and security company Huntleigh USA It claims security screeners at Boston 's airport were unable to detect weapons
Paris , France  CNN  -- She 's been called "  beautiful , " "  hot " and "  sexy " but when it comes to tennis , the most apt description for Maria Sharapova has to be "  tough . " The Russian rallied from a set down three straight times to reach this year 's French Open final and then prevailed in Saturday 's thrilling three-hour finale against rising star Simona Halep , 6-4 6-7 6-4 . "  This is the toughest grand slam final I 've ever played , " Sharapova , who was contesting a ninth such match , summed up as she collected her trophy . Even after losing the second set and hitting a flurry of double faults , Sharapova still had the edge . She 's almost a sure thing in third sets on clay , having triumphed 20 times in a row . It 's been six years since the 27-year-old was defeated after capturing the first set in a clay-court match , too . But if Halep maintains this form , it wo n't be long before she opens her grand slam account . Smaller and with less power than Sharapova , the Romanian nonetheless almost did the unthinkable -- toughing out the now five-time grand slam champion . Her manager , Virginia Ruzici , remains the last Romanian to win a grand slam , in Paris in 1978 . Sharapova famously uttered in 2007 that she felt like a "  cow on ice " playing on clay but the French Open has now become her most productive grand slam -- it 's the only one she 's won more than once and it 's the only one she 's won after two serious shoulder injuries in 2008 and 2013 . "  If somebody had told me at some stage in my career that I 'd have more Roland Garros titles than any other grand slam , I 'd probably go get drunk , " Sharapova later told reporters . "  Or tell them to get drunk , one or the other . "  I feel that I worked to get to this position . " Her victory over the fourth seed made it 50 wins altogether at Roland Garros , good enough for seventh among the women in the Open Era . "  Sharapova is already considered one of the best competitors ever in my view , " tennis analyst Pam Shriver , a former top-three player in singles and doubles , told CNN . "  Just take alone what she has done since her shoulder surgery , how she regained her form not only post surgery but post service  woes  when most matches she was serving 10-15 double faults . "  Also think about clay and her never-give-up attitude with clay . " While Halep cried in her chair after the match , there were tears of joy for Sharapova , who made the now familiar climb up to her box in celebration . Halep 's mood , however , quickly changed . "  I was crying at that moment for a few minutes , and then I was smiling because I said that it was my first grand slam final , and I have to be happy , to smile , because I did everything on court , " Halep told reporters . "  I played very good tennis , very good level . So I 'm really proud about these two weeks . " Sharapova is routinely listed as the world 's richest female athlete with a thick dossier of high-profile sponsors and with Saturday 's check of more than $ 2 million , she also moved into second place in career prize money on the WTA tour behind Serena Williams at upwards of $ 30 million . Once the American fell in the second round , Sharapova became the significant favorite . She has been virtually unbeatable on clay since the start of 2012 when facing opponents apart from the American . Stretched to deciders by Samantha Stosur , Garbine Muguruza -- Williams ' conqueror -- and Eugenie Bouchard on her way to the French final , it looked like Sharapova would drop another opening set when Halep held an early 2-0 lead on a second consecutive sweltering day in the French capital . But Sharapova won the next five games to assume control , only to drop serve . That 's when the drama began . Long games were the norm , pushing the duration of the opener to nearly an hour despite the routine 6-4 score . A drubbing appeared to be on the cards in the second when Sharapova quickly established a 2-0 advantage . The double faults -- overall Sharapova hit a dozen after mostly keeping those unforced errors down this fortnight -- combined with a more solid Halep soon got things level . One of the finest rallies of the tournament -- 20 shots -- won by Halep earned her a break point at 4-4 and when she took it , a third set loomed . A net-cord winner at 30-40 , though , allowed Sharapova to break back . The to-and-fro ensued to the crowd 's delight . Halep broke for 6-5 , was pegged back to 6-6 , then reversed a 5-3 deficit in the tiebreak to ensure a first third set in a women 's final at Roland Garros since 2001 . The 22-year-old 's backhand , likened to that of male finalist Novak Djokovic , and movement , compared to Roger Federer , were in full flow -- and in the mental toughness department , she was matching Sharapova . "  She has very strong mental  game  , " Halep said . "  In important moments she 's hitting very strong . I think I 'm also good mentally . I 'm very strong , and I tried just to stay very close to her during the match . I did very well . " By the time it was 1-1 in the third , there had been six straight breaks . The turning point might have been the fourth game , when Sharapova escaped to hold for 2-2 . The former champion would never trail again , breaking for 5-4 after Halep said she was affected by a call that went against her and winning the final game with ease . Djokovic and Rafael Nadal play in , on paper , a blockbuster men 's final Sunday . They 'll be hard pressed to top Saturday 's offering .	Maria Sharapova wins her second French Open crown with victory over Simona Halep The Russian served up a thrilling 6-4 6-7  5  6-4 victory over the first-time grand slam finalist Sharapova called it "  the toughest grand slam final I 've ever played "
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Security forces in Iran on Thursday confronted thousands of protesting Iranians across the city , first at a cemetery and later at a prayer venue and near a government building , witnesses and news reports said . Mourners gather around the grave of Neda Agh-Soltan in Beheshte Zahra Cemetery . Clashes erupted at the cemetery as two of Iran 's main opposition leaders tried to join the several thousand people at a memorial for the slain woman who became the symbol of Iran 's post-election violence , witnesses said . The gathering was banned , but participants ignored the government strictures . However , security forces barred opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi from the gravesite of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year-old woman shot in election protests on June 20 , witnesses and news reports said . More than 3,000 people were gathered at Agha-Soltan 's grave , a witness said . Mourners arrived on the religiously significant 40th day after the fatal shooting in Tehran . For Iranians , a predominantly Shiite Muslim population , the 40th day after a death marks the last official day of mourning . At the cemetery , security forces used tear gas to clear the area of demonstrators and mourners . A witness said riot police and Basij militia were at the scene , but the confrontations with people in the crowd involved the militia . Watch a report on the memorial clashes " The witness spotted instances of the baton-wielding militia charging the gathering , and said as many as nine beatings were seen . Other people appeared to have been beaten as they ran from police , the witness said . One of the mourners had a bloody head and one woman said she was struck on the back of the neck . One security force member sustained some sort of injury to the head and was bloodied . It is unclear exactly how that person was injured . A confrontation between women protesters and police also was seen . The women shouted , "  Do n't beat up our young people . You , our Muslim brothers . It is a shame to beat up our young people . " The crowd chanted "  Ya Hossein , Mir Hossein , " the first a reference to the revered Shiite imam and the second a reference to Moussavi . Then there were more chants of "  Allah wa Akbar , " or God is great . iReport.com : Share your photos , video , stories Despite reports of arrests , none were seen on the mourning day . U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said using force to "  break up a group of people who were trying to exercise an important ritual in Islam , the mourning after 40 days , " was "  particularly disturbing . " "  We stand by the Iranian people who are exercising their universal right to self-expression and demonstrating peacefully , " Kelly said . Iran 's state-run news agency , IRNA , reported that the mourners "  disrupted the order " in the city and damaged public and private property and that security forces were merely trying to control the "  illegal activity " of the group . IRNA also reported that Tehran residents in the area were angry with the constant protests and wanted a stronger response from the security forces . Another witness told CNN that police directing traffic at the cemetery were helpful and friendly , in stark contrast to the riot police and Revolutionary Guard members who were at the gravesites . From the cemetery , the mourners arrived at the Mossalla , a building under construction that is expected to be the main venue of Tehran 's Friday prayers , witnesses said . A couple thousand people demonstrated and police worked to disperse the crowd -- which also was defying a ban on such a gathering . "  The police tried to discourage drivers from driving the main highway that would lead to central Tehran , but very few listened , " one witness said . "  Soldiers standing along the streets flashed the peace sign back at the honking cars with large smiles on their faces . It was obvious the soldiers and police forces were with the people . " Thousands also marched and chanted along a prominent thoroughfare called Vali Asr Street , chanting slogans such as "  Death to the dictator " amid the honking of car horns , a witness said . Amateur video posted Thursday on several Web sites and submitted to CNN 's iReport showed a security officer swinging a baton at a demonstrator . CNN can not confirm the circumstances of the images . Protesters gathered near the Interior Ministry building and trash cans were set ablaze , another witness said . Police on motorcycles attempted to break up the gathering , and one security officer was seen wielding a gun . Moussavi was the chief challenger of incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the June presidential elections , which the government said Ahmadinejad won in a landslide but many Iranians think was rigged . Moussavi had said on his Web site that he and fellow reform candidate Karrubi would commemorate Agha-Soltan 's death with her mother at the Behesht-e-Zahra cemetery . At the cemetery , a witness said a car identical to a vehicle belonging to Moussavi drove through the area . It was not clear if Moussavi was in the vehicle , but people were sitting atop and around the car as if to protect it . The car left the scene . In the days after the June vote , thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest the results . The government cracked down . Hundreds were detained in prison , among them 50 "  political figures " accused of playing key roles in the street demonstrations that turned violent , Iranian media reported Wednesday . Among those still reportedly detained is Shahpour Kazemi , Moussavi 's brother-in-law , according to Moussavi 's wife . Others include Behzad Nabavi , a Moussavi ally , and Mostafa Tajzadeh , who served under Iranian President Mohammad Khatami -- a Moussavi supporter -- the Iranian Labor News Agency reported Tuesday .	Security forces confront protesters across Tehran Some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of Neda Agha-Soltan Agha-Soltan , 26 , was shot in street protests after election on June 20 Security forces rough up , beat some mourners , witnesses say
New York  CNN  -- A day before investigators expected to gain full access to the site of a deadly explosion that leveled two New York buildings , firefighters digging through the rubble found an intact Bible belonging to the evangelical church that once stood there . Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano told reporters that by Sunday , investigators expected to reach the piping and gas meters in the basement at the scene of Wednesday 's blast in East Harlem that killed eight people and injured dozens others . Natural gas might have triggered the explosion that shook the vibrant neighborhood , federal officials said . The National Transportation Safety Board could start pressure-testing gas pipes in the area on Sunday , Cassano said . On the third day of a grueling recovery effort from the three-story pile of rubble , firefighters early Saturday pulled a large waterlogged Bible from the ashes and ruins of the Spanish Christian Church , which occupied the basement and first floor of one of the two destroyed buildings . Explosions expose nation 's aging and dangerous gas mains "  One of our members found a Bible , the original book they tell me of the founders of the church , " Cassano said . "  It was singed , but it meant an awful lot to the pastor because at least we have a remnant of the church . It showed the pastor they 'll be rebuilding . This church is resilient . " When firefighters presented the Spanish-language Bible to the church 's 83-year-old pastor , the Rev. Thomas Perez , the pastor was overcome . Perez , who has stood vigil with others at the blast site , was participating in a small prayer gathering with religious leaders and experienced chest pains , said the Rev. Vernon Williams , who attended the vigil . Cassano said Perez was recovering at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan 's Upper East Side . "  He was overwhelmed with emotion , for sure , " the fire commissioner said . "  It 's a very sacred thing for him . " After Perez was taken away by ambulance , Williams said , about two dozen people at the vigil prayed for him before carrying the Bible in a procession near the site . "  It was the altar Bible , " Williams said . "  There was no singing on the Bible at all . It was intact , with a little water damage . " The small evangelical church and Bethel Gospel Assembly lost five members in the explosion . The blast victims were identified as Carmen Tanco , 67 ; Alexis  Jordy  Salas , 22 ; Griselde Camacho , 44 ; Rosaura Hernandez , 21 ; Andreas Panagopoulos , 43 ; George Ameado , 44 ; and Rosaura Barrios , 44 . Though it is still possible other victims could be found , police said Saturday that only one known victim has not been publicly named . "  We 've recovered all the people that were reported missing , but we 're still looking through the debris and a couple of areas in the back in case somebody was there , Cassano said . The ordinary rhythms of the vibrant East Harlem neighborhood of corner bodegas , botanicas , churches , shops and redbrick tenements were shattered with the Wednesday morning blast . Said Cassano , "  We 're doing our best to get through as much of the debris as we can as quickly as possible and try to bring some normalcy back to the neighborhood . " CNN 's Adrienne Zulueta contributed to this report .	Fire commissioner : Investigators expect to reach the piping and gas meters Sunday Firefighters pull a Bible from the ashes of the blast site , where eight were killed Wednesday Pastor of destroyed church is overcome when presented with intact Bible
KEY WEST , Florida  CNN  -- The USNS General Hoyt S. Vandenberg , a retired U.S. Navy warship , embarked on a sedentary new career Wednesday on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico . The USNS Vandenberg was intentionally sunk Wednesday to create an artificial reef for marine life . The decommissioned warship was scuttled in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary between 10:20 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. ET to become the world 's second-largest artificial coral reef . The 17,250-ton ship sank in less than two minutes , said Andy Newman , spokesman for the Florida Keys Tourism Council . It is resting about 140 feet below the surface , but much of its bulk is only 40 to 70 feet below the surface . "  It went down like a rock , " he told CNN . "  Everything looked very , very smooth . " About 300 boats positioned themselves as close as possible to the site , and cheers went up when the Vandenberg slipped beneath the water seven miles south of Key West , the spokesman said . Watch the Vandenberg sink " Newman , who was circling in a helicopter above the 522-foot-long ship , said the Vandenberg appeared to rest in a level position on the Gulf floor . Divers were to assess its position Wednesday . Authorities said once final assessments of the ship are made , divers can begin exploring . The goal of the $ 8.6 million project is to divert fishing and diving pressure away from natural reefs , according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . The commission "  estimates that the vessel 's life span of at least 100 years will contribute stable , long-term habitat for scores of marine fish species , and provide exceptional diving and fishing opportunities for Florida residents and visitors , " its Web site says . To sink the Vandenberg , holes were made above the waterline in the side of the ship and throughout various decks , Newman said . Explosive charges were embedded in the bilge area below the water . The explosives detonated inside the hull , blowing outward . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration projects that the Vandenberg artificial reef will result in an annual increase of about $ 7.5 million in expenditures in the economy of Monroe County , which includes Key West . Sinkthevandenberg.com -- a joint effort by Artificial Reefs of the Keys and Valeo Films -- had offered a live , online stream of the event , but the system apparently was overloaded , making the site inaccessible . The Vandenberg was built at the Kaiser shipyard in Richmond , California , in 1943 . It was commissioned as a World War II troop transport ship . After Japan surrendered , the Vandenberg was the first Navy ship to return to New York Harbor . During the 1950s the ship was used to transport refugees from Europe and Australia to America . In the 1960s the Air Force used the Vandenberg to track missiles . It also was used to track rockets and early space shuttle launches . The ship was decommissioned in 1986 and was anchored with more than 25 other mothballed ships in Norfolk , Virginia . The Vandenberg was towed to Key West last month . The Vandenberg was chosen from among 400 decommissioned military vessels mainly based on appearance : "  her topside structure , her smooth , interesting hull lines , big girth and her starring role in a motion picture , " Newman said . The ship was featured in the 1999 movie "  Virus , " starring Donald Sutherland and Jamie Lee Curtis . Four men who had served on the Vandenberg traveled to Key West to see the ship go to its final resting place . Patrick Utecht worked for more than 20 years as a civilian contractor on the Vandenberg when it was used for missile and radar tracking and data collection . When he heard about its future as part of an artificial reef , Utecht said , "  My feeling was one of elation . " "  I can say that many of us -LSB- crew members -RSB- were thrilled that where she was going , she would keep her name and place in history . " "  I think it 's a far better use of her than being cut up , " he added . The largest ship ever scuttled to create an artificial reef was the decommissioned aircraft carrier USS Oriskany , which sank to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida coast in 2006 , according to the U.S. Navy . The former warship slipped under the water about 24 miles south of Pensacola , Florida , the Navy says on its Web site . The Oriskany was 888 feet long , and weighed 32,000 tons . It sank in water about 212 feet deep .	A decommissioned U.S. Navy warship was intentionally sunk off the Florida Keys The USNS Vandenberg will become the world 's second-largest artificial reef The sunken ship will create a long-term habitat for scores of marine fish species The ship was built in 1943 and commissioned as a WWII troop transport ship
CNN  -- Though the air traffic control system for London airspace has been restored after a technical failure , angry passengers forced to deal with long delays and other hassles reported scenes of disorganization and "  disaster " as a result of interruptions to their travel plans . In Heathrow Airport 's Terminal 5 , which handles mostly British Airways flights and from which many of the airport 's canceled flights were scheduled to take off , stranded passengers still stood in huge queues Friday night . Others sat in postures of dejection , some anxiously eyeing crowded power outlets as charges on their mobile phones began to fade . Few airport or airline employees seemed to be offering information as would-be fliers waited for baggage drop , check-in and -- for those who had missed their flights or whose flights were canceled -- hotel rooms provided by British Airways . Lionel Leclercq , who arrived at the airport at 4 p.m. for a 6:20 p.m. flight to Brussels , said because the airline had stopped taking baggage , he was n't able to board his flight because he had a suitcase . "  They are so disorganized . ... I had to sit and watch my flight take off just because there was no one available to take my luggage , " Leclercq told CNN . "  Now I have no way to get out tonight because the queues are so long . " Passengers needing to rebook flights were being asked to call a hotline , but several passengers told CNN they had to wait for extended periods on hold with little success . At Terminal 5 baggage claim -- hundreds of unclaimed bags sitting beside carousels -- a baggage handler told CNN that people have been leaving the airport without collecting their bags . "  Those people expect their bags to be delivered to their homes , " said the baggage handler . Such had been the lengthy wait for checked luggage that many people seemed to have given up waiting . "  It 's pot luck , you can wait five minutes to get your bag or five hours , " said baggage handler . Uncharacteristically , several arriving flights were not immediately assigned carousels . Information bottleneck A woman who asked to be called only "  angry British Airways passenger " was kept waiting in Paris for more than an hour and half to take off for London . As a result , she missed her connection to Washington , D.C. , and was livid because she paid $ 7,500 dollars for a business-class seat and "  now I 'm being asked to queue in line with everyone else for a hotel . " "  It 's a mess , it 's a disaster , " said the woman , adding that passengers were given little information . "  The worst thing is , no one 's helping . " The reason for that , according to Angela Gittens , director-general of Montreal-based Airports Council International , may be because Heathrow officials might not know much more than the passengers themselves . "  This is not an air traffic problem that originated at Heathrow , but in the en route environment , which makes it much more difficult to find out what 's happening , " Gittens told CNN . "  Although it 's happening to  Heathrow  and they 're dealing with it , it 's not their situation to fix , so the airport may not have that much information in terms of how long the situation is going to last , which is what passengers want to know . "  They just deal with accepting  the information  and aircraft that are sent their way . " Meanwhile , intercom announcements repeated at Heathrow stating that the "  system is completely restored and we are working with all airlines to minimize the delays " were doing little to soothe frayed nerves of many passengers , with reports of flight delays of as long as six and a half hours . A Heathrow spokeswoman told CNN the airport could n't predict how long delays would last or what the impact into Saturday might be . "  At the moment , we 're trying to get as many people away  Friday night  as we can , " the spokeswoman said . CNN 's Nic Robertson also contributed to this report .	Air traffic delays create long lines of angry passengers at Heathrow Airport One stranded passenger calls the effort to rebook flights "  disorganized " A Heathrow official says the airport ca n't predict how long delays will last
Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- The search for missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham now includes the use of an aerial drone -- the first time , according to authorities , one has been used in the search for a missing person in the state . The addition of the drone to the seach effort comes more than two weeks after Graham disappeared from an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . The drone has a high-quality camera , and it will "  look closer " at objects of interest , said John Coggin , chief engineer of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership and one of the members of the team operating the drone . As the drone worked from overhead Wednesday , more than 50 law enforcement personnel participated in the search in Fairfax County . Where is Hannah Graham ? Investigators believe Jesse Matthew , 32 , was the last person with Graham , who was last seen September 13 . He has been charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , and he is being held in jail in isolation , according to Charlottesville police . Matthew is being held in isolation in a Virginia jail cell . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of the 18-year-old , a second-year student at the university . More than 3,000 tips to Graham 's possible whereabouts have poured in , Carter Johnson , a police spokesman , said . As part of the search effort , police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . The drone is expected to help with the search of vast tracts of land in the country . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know The search of Wednesday also included U.S. Route 29 , outside of Charlottesville , where another woman reportedly disappeared . The search follows reports that Virginia State Police found a "  new forensic link " between the Graham case and the death of Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , who went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Harrington was last seen hitchhiking along U.S. Route 29 , and her remains were found on a farm months later . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death is still under investigation . CNN 's Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Jean Casarez and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	Drone 's camera will " look closer " at objects of interest , an official says Hannah Graham , 18 , disappeared on September 13 Authorities have charged Jesse Matthew , 32 , in connection with the case Police searched along U.S. Route 29 , where another woman disappeared earlier
CNN  -- Each time your heart beats , your entire body moves -- even if you 're unconscious and pinned under a pile of rubble . The vibrations are small , invisible to the human eye , and might just save your life after a major disaster . Researchers at NASA have developed a device that picks up these subtle movements through up to 40 feet of debris . Called FINDER  Finding Individuals for Disaster and Emergency Response  , the tool was developed at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory to help rescue crews find survivors quickly in a major disaster . "  I spend half my time doing space exploration and half building boxes that can search for people in a disaster , " said James Lux , who created FINDER at the JPL . NASA develops technology for space but frequently finds additional uses for its discoveries here on Earth . After the devastating 2010 earthquake in Haiti , the Department of Homeland Security 's science and technology directorate wanted technology they could use in similar situations . They reached out to Lux . He had previously worked on a similar device for the U.S. military , which could tell if a solider downed on the battlefield was dead or alive . After a disaster , there 's a limited window of time to find trapped survivors . FINDER makes the process more efficient . It uses a low power radio signal to detect motion . Each movement caused by a heartbeat is like a "  twinkle " reflecting back to the radar . What makes the system especially smart is software that can cut through all other movements and pinpoint which vibrations are signs of life . The system looks just for the signals that match human heartbeats , filtering out slower movements like tree branches in the wind , and faster ones like the heartbeat of a rat . It takes about five minutes to learn how to use FINDER and just a few minutes to set up . The device fits into a case small enough to carry on a plane . Hit the "  Search " button and 30 seconds later a Web page appears on the FINDER laptop , which shows how many heartbeats it 's found in a 100 foot radius . In the U.S. , infrastructure is solid enough that earthquakes do n't result in the same type of devastation that hit Haiti . Tornadoes are a bigger problem , like those that flattened parts of Moore , Oklahoma , and Joplin , Missouri . "  In both cases , they had a wide area with a lot of rubble and no good way to figure out where people were trapped , " said Lux . "  It would have been nice to have one of these there -- people were in storm shelters under the pile of a neighbors house . " It could also work in avalanches and hurricanes . After Katrina , many people climbed into their attics to escape the rising water and ended up trapped . FINDER would be able to detect heartbeats in similar situations , which could help dictate rescue efforts . Because disasters rarely announce themselves ahead of time , and only a handful of prototypes are available , FINDER has n't been used in a real emergency . It has been tested by FEMA task forces and at a training site in Virginia that is set up to mimic the scene of a natural disaster . NASA frequently develops cutting-edge technology , but it does n't mass produce or sell it . To get these devices into the hands of more emergency response crews , a separate company needs to license the technology and manufacture and sell the gadgets , which would probably sell for about $ 10,000 , said Lux . "  What it 's really waiting for is somebody to manufacture it , we ca n't force anybody to make it , " said Lux , who thinks the devices will be used in the next year or two . Until then , Lux is working to shrink the FINDER hardware and mount it on a drone or helicopter . Then crews could fly the device further into disaster areas that are difficult to reach on foot . His team is also working on a variation that could help firefighters determine where people are in a burning building before rushing in . "  It 's not often you get to use tech developed for deep space and to go out and save lives , " said Lux . How termite-inspired robots could build for us	A new device can detect heartbeats of disaster survivors under 40 feet of rubble Called FINDER , It was created by researchers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory The device could be used in earthquakes , avalanches and tornadoes
Atlanta  CNN  -- Who is Justin Ross Harris , the Georgia man whose toddler son died after being left in a hot car ? Depends on whom you ask . Prosecutors portray him as an unfaithful husband who wanted a childless life , while the defense describes him as a doting dad who kissed his son every time he put him in the car . And friends say he loved to show off the blond , bright-eyed boy and talked about him incessantly . At a probable cause hearing Thursday , authorities provided more insight about Harris , who is charged with felony murder and second-degree child cruelty in last month 's death of 22-month-old Cooper Harris . He has pleaded not guilty . A judge denied bond for Harris on Thursday , ruling that prosecutors have enough evidence to move forward in their case . Here 's some details about Harris that emerged at this week 's hearing and in court documents : Harris allegedly sexted the day his son died While at work June 18 , Harris messaged six women , according to Cobb County police Detective Phillip Stoddard , the prosecution 's lead investigator . He allegedly exchanged explicit photos , including one of an erect penis that he sent to an underage woman . Defense : He 's deaf in his right ear The defense brought up this point several times , perhaps to justify why Harris did not hear his son 's movement in the car . "  I always have to go to the other side of his head to talk to him , " his friend , Winston Milling , testified . Friends speak highly of him Penny Harrison , a pastor at Harris ' church , said she has known him and his wife , Leanna , for two years . "  I knew him to be at typical , loving father of a toddler , " Harrison said when the defense called her to the witness stand . Milling , who had lunch with Harris on the day his son died , said everything appeared normal . "  He loved showing Cooper off to everybody . He liked picking him up , bringing him around . He was always happy . Cooper was always smiling , " Milling said . James Alex Hall went to college with Harris and also had lunch with him on the day his son died . When asked how Harris was acting , he said nothing seemed out of place . "  I 'd say normal as you can be , " he said . "  Nothing stuck out , nothing was weird . " He had movie plans that day The day his son died , Harris was planning to see "  22 Jump Street " with friends after work , according to Stoddard . Detective : He swore at police officers at the scene Harris never called 911 and said "  f *** you " to a police officer on the scene who asked him to get off his phone , the detective said . Stoddard said that Harris told police he could n't reach anyone on his telephone , but phone records show he made three calls after he discovered his son 's body , and one between him and his employer lasted six minutes . Defense believes he was forgetful Defense attorney Maddox Kilgore said it 's not unusual for people to forget children in cars . "  It 's easy to get distracted when you get behind the wheel . Everyone 's done it . His mind is already skipping ahead to the rest of the day , " Kilgore said . "  The results of that forgetting ... were absolutely catastrophic , " he said . "  But an accident does n't become a crime because the results were catastrophic . " Investigator : Couple had financial , intimacy issues Harris and his wife had $ 2,000 and $ 25,000 life insurance policies on their son , according to the investigator . He also said Harris ' wife "  was complaining about  her husband 's  sporadic purchasing or overcharging credit cards . " Harris ' wife told police the pair were having intimacy issues , according to Stoddard . Texts indicate that she knew he was cheating on her , he said . In warrants obtained by CNN on Friday , police said Harris discussed with family members the procedure for cashing a life insurance policy , but there is no other information or time element . "  Through the investigation Harris has made comments to family members regarding a life insurance policy that he has on Cooper and what they need to do in order to file for it , " the warrants say . His Internet searches are a focus of case Harris accessed sites about "  people who die , " which showed videos of suicides , executions , war , etc. , police said . He also visited a site on life without a child and did searches on surviving prison and on "  age of consent for Georgia , " they said . "  We 've only scratched the surface , " Stoddard said of the searches . His activities on day of son 's death questioned The day Cooper died , the father and son stopped at Chick-fil-A for breakfast before he drove the 0.6 miles to work . The breakfast was not out of the ordinary for them . "  Justin stated that this happens two or three times a month . It 's daddy-son time , a special occasion to them , " Stoddard said . When he arrived at work , surveillance footage shows Harris backed up his car , according to Stoddard . He said Harris did n't have a backup camera and would have had to turn around or use his rearview and side mirrors . Investigators used a mannequin in the car seat and found the boy 's head would have been visible over the top of the car seat . Harris told police he was supposed to drive his son to day care June 18 but went to work without realizing Cooper was in a car seat in the back . When Stoddard told him they were charging him , Harris allegedly responded by saying , "  But there 's no malicious intent . " Detective : His statements were ` all about him ' Harris became emotional when his wife arrived at the police station , according to the prosecution . "  It was all about him : ' I ca n't believe this is happening to me . Why am I being punished for this ? ' It was all very one-sided , " Stoddard said . "  He talked about losing his job . ... ` What are we going to do ? I 'll be charged with a felony . ' " Leanna Harris later asked her husband , "  Did you say too much ? " he said . He has worked for Home Depot for two years Harris , 33 , a Web developer , has worked at Home Depot for two years , according to the Atlanta-based home improvement company . Home Depot placed him on unpaid leave after the charges were filed . Stoddard said Harris would take Cooper to day care in the mornings . The couple would split picking the boy up in the afternoons . When Leanna Harris went to pick up Cooper from day care that day , the center told her he was never dropped off . On her way out , she told witnesses : "  Ross must have left him in the car . ... There 's no other explanation . Ross must have left him in the car , " Stoddard said . He once lived in Alabama Harris worked at the University of Alabama as a parking monitor and later as a mail delivery clerk between 2001 and 2006 , the university said . Afterward , he was a police dispatcher in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , until 2009 , according to Tuscaloosa police spokesman Sgt. Brent Blankley . The department only confirmed his tenure , not details on his work history . Three years later , Harris graduated from the University of Alabama with a bachelor 's degree in commerce and business administration . From there , he went to Home Depot . HLN contributed to this report .	Justin Ross Harris says he forgot his son was in the car on June 18 Harris is charged with felony murder in the death of his son , Cooper He 's also charged with second-degree child cruelty He has pleaded not guilty
CNN  -- During the White House Correspondents ' Dinner on Saturday night , Jimmy Kimmel made a joke that President Obama laughed at , but that you could see was just killing him inside . "  Mr. President , do you remember when the country rallied around you in hopes of a better tomorrow ? " Kimmel asked . "  That was hilarious . That was your best one yet . " Yeah it was . I 'm sure he still has a lot of hope . But I would dare to say the thing that changed most over these past three years is Obama . The unbridled optimism that his first campaign once embodied has been bludgeoned by dogmatism , pragmatism and bipartisan cronyism . Hope and change are tough when the worst economy in 80 years is waiting to greet you at the door . Hope and change are challenging when Rush Limbaugh , the unofficial gatekeeper of the conservative movement , tells his troops "  I hope Obama fails " before your first day on the job . Hope and change are virtually impossible when working with a Congress so dysfunctional that its approval rating never reached 25 % in all of 2011 and was as low as 10 % in February . No wonder his hair is a bit grayer these days . And no wonder the new Obama slogan is "  Forward . " "  Hope and Change " captured the heart of a people who believed one man could change the culture of Washington . "  Forward " acknowledges things are not where he said they would be , but takes ownership of a record that shows he at least has us pointed in the right direction : 12 consecutive months of job losses before he took office , 25 consecutive months and counting of job growth since 2010 . It 's not as sexy , but at least it 's honest . After all , Guantanamo Bay is still open . Unemployment is still above 8 % . Housing prices are still low . This is why probably why Mitt Romney felt comfortable enough to send out this tweet : "  The promises that candidate Obama made are very different than what President Obama delivered . " Embedded in the tweet was a video , showing Obama in 2008 promising to go through the federal budget line by line to cut fat , and then fast forwarding to today with stats about the growing debt and the nearly $ 1 million wasted on the now infamous GSA conference . Had another challenger posted the ad , it would have landed a solid right hook to Obama 's re-election bid . But it was Romney , so it was more like a boomerang -- an aggressive attack sent out but ultimately coming back to its sender . The last person who should want to start a video rewind contest is Romney , who has enough flip-flops and broken promises captured on film that he could start his own network . Nonetheless , while the messenger is a bit shaky , the overall message is not . Obama has indeed fallen short on quite a few of the promises he 's made over the years . And the campaign slogan "  Forward " reflects those shortcomings and challenges : obstructionist Republicans determined to bring him down , self-serving Democrats too scared to pass a budget , and a public so dense that at one point it thought Donald Trump would make a good president . But at the end of the day , Obama has only himself to blame for the malaise of disappointment that has draped much of his presidency . A disappointment , mind you , that has less to do with his actual policy than with his inability to reach the ridiculously high bar he set for himself over the years . Tweets like Romney 's are not necessarily fair -- after all , nothing happens in a vacuum -- but Obama was the one who made all of the promises . He was the one who set the standard . He is the one sitting in his own prison . I doubt he 'll ever say it , but I bet if he had a chance to do it all over again , he would underbid rather than overbid his hand . Romney will continue to hammer away at what Obama has n't done -- and he should -- if for no other reason than hoping to distract voters from seeing all of the things Obama has accomplished . Like preventing insurance companies from denying people with pre-existing conditions , courtesy of the flawed but helpful Affordable Care Act ; overturning "  do n't ask , do n't tell ; " appointing two women to the Supreme Court . Getting Osama bin Laden . That was one of candidate Obama 's promises , you know . In 2007 he said he would get bin Laden , even if it meant going into Pakistan . This week marks the one-year anniversary of President Obama delivering on that promise . Funny , for some reason that clip did n't make it into Romney 's ad . I 'm sure it was an oversight . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	In 2008 , "  Hope and Change " was Obama slogan ; this year it 's "  Forward " LZ Granderson says President Obama 's ambitions have been scaled back He says economy , D.C. dysfunction , GOP opposition have gotten in the way Granderson says Romney 's flip-flops make it hard for him to hold Obama accountable
CNN  -- A defense lawyer in a rape case that has roiled the town of Steubenville , Ohio , officially asked the court Friday for a change of venue . Attorney Walter Madison , who represents accused 16-year-old Ma ` lik Richmond -- one of two defendants in the case -- filed three motions in Juvenile Court . In addition to relocating the trial , two other motions ask the court to postpone the February 13 trial , and to close the trial to the public . A hearing is set for January 25 , when defense lawyers and prosecutors are expected to argue the motions before Judge Tom Lipps , Madison added . Madison said no other motions were filed Friday . The lawyer for co-defendant Trent Mays , 16 , could not be reached for comment . "  We are reviewing the motions and we will respond in kind , " Dan Tierney , spokesman for Ohio 's Attorney General Mike DeWine told CNN . Defense battles social media blizzard in Ohio rape case On Sunday , Mays ' lawyer , Adam Nemann , also said he planned to file at least two motions including a change of venue "  given its publicity and what we perceive as threats to individuals , perhaps witnesses , and also defendants and even defense counsel . " Media attention and an explosion of online postings about the case are part of the reason , according to Nemann . "  We 're concerned about safety issues at this point , " he added . On Sunday , Tierney would not discuss whether there are any alleged threats . Opinion : Teach young men to treat women with respect "  The investigation is ongoing and it includes all aspects of the case including evidence put out in social media , Tierney told CNN . Mays and Richmond are each charged with raping a 16-year-old girl during late-night partying and drinking last August , according to prosecutors . CNN is not identifying the girl , who is a juvenile , in accordance with its policy not to release the names of alleged rape victims . "  She was unresponsive , not in a position of consent , and they knew about it , and let 's be clear , they knew she was drunk , " special prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter told a judge at probable cause hearing last October . A judge from Cincinnati is hearing the case after a local judge recused himself to avoid an appearance of conflict of interest . Police Chief William McCafferty says many people in the small eastern Ohio town know someone who may have a connection to the case . Online outrage prompts city website Often trials are granted a change of venue because of fear of a tainted jury pool . This trial is a bench trial , meaning the judge will determine the teens ' fate . But defense attorney Nemann said he has another reason to ask for the change . He plans to tell the judge his case may be hamstrung by hesitant witnesses . "  I 'm concerned about whether or not the case should be tried in this area . Perhaps the fact that it is in the Steubenville area is going to prohibit certain people from wanting to come forward and testify , " Nemann said . Some potential witnesses who attended the parties where the alleged sexual assaults occurred are refusing to talk with his defense team , the lawyer said . He would not say how many witnesses . The motions will be filed under seal , Nemann said . Lawyers for both defendants have said their clients are not guilty of the charges . "  We deny the accusations completely . We deny the lack of consent . We deny that there was sexual activity . We deny that there was a rape . And we steadfastly maintain that , " Nemann told CNN .	Two 16-year-olds are charged in the alleged rape of a 16-year-old girl The case has roiled the Ohio town of Steubenville Defense lawyers say the trial should be moved to a new location A defense lawyer also is asking that the trial be postponed , and be closed to the public
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel began his 2011 Formula One defense in emphatic style on Sunday , leading the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne from start to finish . McLaren 's 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton did well to finish second after damaging his car on the first corner while Lotus Renault 's Russian driver Vitaly Petrov achieved his first podium finish by claiming an impressive third place . Fernando Alonso finished fourth for Ferrari , with Mark Webber in his Red Bull in fifth place . Jenson Button came sixth in his McLaren . Formula One teams , drivers and circuits Sauber pair Sergio Perez and Kamui Kobayashi finished a creditable seventh and eighth respectively , but they were later disqualified by race stewards for technical infringements to do with their rear wings . This meant Ferrari 's Felipe Massa moved up to seventh place with the Toro Rosso of Sebastien Buemi taking eighth place . The 23-year-old Vettel , who was claiming his 11th victory in just his 63rd grand prix , told the official Formula One website : "  I 'm very pleased , it was a very good weekend and I had a very nice car to sit in this afternoon . "  It was a good race and towards the end things calmed down a bit as Lewis did n't push as hard . " The German continued : "  The start was crucial and being on the clean side I had a very good getaway . We learned a lot of things today and it feels good coming here after a long winter and setting the pace . " Hamilton was satisfied with his runner-up spot , saying : "  We can take this and be very proud of ourselves . A week or two ago we were n't expecting to be in the top five , so to come to second is a great achievement . " Meanwhile , a stunned Petrov told the after-race press conference : "  To be honest I ca n't believe I 'm sitting with these guys . We did n't know where we were coming into the season , but in practice and qualifying we were good . "  In the race the team did everything perfectly . We can be very proud of what we have achieved today . " However , it proved a disastrous day for the Mercedes pair of Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg , who had both retired by the 22nd lap of the race .	Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel wins season-opening Australian GP in Melbourne Lewis Hamilton finishes second with Vitaly Petrov a career best third in his Renault Sauber pair Sergio Perez and Kamui Kobayashi disqualified from seventh and eighth The 23-year-old Vettel was claiming his 11th victory in just his 63rd grand prix
CNN  -- Remember "  You 're money , baby " ? Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau making the L.A. bar scene in "  Swingers " back in 1996 ? In the film , couples go to the Eden Resort , which is offering a great package deal on relationship counseling . They were young and hungry then , and there was insolence in their hustle , but at least they pressed their case : They knew they were sharp enough to be players . Since then , Favreau has gone on to direct blockbusters like "  Elf " and "  Iron Man , " and his buddy Vaughn has stacked up a string of hits in the company of Frat Packers Will Ferrell , Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson . Well , they 're not hungry anymore , and not so young either . Between them  and with an assist from Dana "  What Happens in Vegas " Fox  , they have cooked up "  Couples Retreat , " a marriage comedy that coincidentally doubles as an enviable excuse for an extended shoot in Bora Bora . Watch the stars talk about the shoot " That 's the tropical location of the Eden Resort , which is offering a great package deal for married couples looking for relationship counseling . Jason and Cynthia  Jason Bateman and Kristen Bell  want to give it a shot , and persuade their supposedly happily married friends Dave and Ronnie  Vaughn and Malin Akerman  , Joey and Lucy  Favreau and Kristin Davis  , and Shane and his 20-year-old girlfriend Trudy  Faizon Love and Kali Hawk  to join in the fun . Apparently , nobody has trouble raising the fare , even in these recessionary times . Once there , however , they are dismayed to find Eden is run with iron discipline , and the mandatory therapy sessions soon expose serious cracks in each of the relationships . Directed by Peter "  A Christmas Story " Billingsley -- another old friend of Vaughn 's -- "  Couples Retreat " ca n't decide if it 's satirizing New Age-y therapies or exploring marital breakdown . So it gives us a little of both , with some sub-Apatow sex humor on the side . As a commercial recipe , that 's fine . America 's ticket buyers have shown time and again they 're desperate for a laugh and willing to overlook widespread mediocrity to get it . But you might hope for something a bit less lazy from this team . And should n't a movie with "  Couples " in the title be less lopsided in its approach to the sexes ? I guess in contrast to such boys-will-be-boys romps as "  The Hangover " and "  Wild Hogs , " at least this time the wives get to come along , not that any of them has much to say for herself . Trudy wants to party . Lucy has eyes for the yoga instructor  Carlos Ponce  . Ronnie wants some romance . And Cynthia ... I do n't know what Cynthia wants , but getting away from her control freak husband certainly seems like the way to go . The guys are noticeably chubbier , but equally one-dimensional . It 's just that that dimension enjoys rather more screen time as Billingsley indulges Vaughn and Favreau 's less-than-inspired improvisational riffs on marital frustration , machismo and middle-age spread . We even have to endure a Guitar Hero duel . For a movie made by a bunch of friends , it 's strange that we do n't get any sense of how or why these couples hang out together . But so long as there 's a pretentious Frenchman to scoff at , an officious Brit and a sexy Hispanic , at least they 're united by what they 're not . Whether by accident or design , "  Couples Retreat " does such a good job exposing what selfish , insensitive jerks these guys are , the contrived and conventional ending actually has a feel-bad undertow . You 've got to suspect that back home in suburbia , these couples are doomed to live unhappily ever after . "  Couples Retreat " is rated PG-13 and runs 107 minutes .	"  Couples Retreat " stars , was co-written by Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau Plot concerns couples who head for a vacation in Bora Bora , issues in tow Movie offers some nice scenery , but it 's lazy with the laughs and plot Most of the movie focuses on male half of couples
There once was a time , many years ago , when the sounds of bagpipes struck fear into the stomachs of Englishmen . But today mine was responding differently . Because , come sunset , I will have tasted the world 's best bowl of porridge . The Scottish village of Carrbridge is known as the gateway to the Cairngorm mountains -- and for one weekend last month it was also the epicentre of the porridge world . Challengers from around the globe traveled here to win the Golden Spurtle , the prize coveted by every competitor in the World Porridge Championship . To start the ceremonies , kilted pipers led the cooks from the bridge along the main street , and to the village hall . At the head of the parade were the judges , holding aloft the prize , glittering in the morning sunshine . Master of ceremonies Martyn O'Reilly raised a glass of whiskey in solemn tribute to the mighty meal : "  Ladies and gentlemen we drink a toast to the porridge , " he said . "  To the porridge ! " the cooks roared in reply , downing their tots in one . Their enthusiasm is being echoed in diners across Britain . Porridge is becoming big business , worth $ 400 million in the UK alone . Fast food stores in London such as McDonald 's , Starbucks and Pret a Manger sell thousands of instant porridge pots every week . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Skyscanner brings Silicon Valley to Scotland In Carrbridge , the village hall was decorated with the flags of many nations , from the U.S. to Scandinavia -- and even from across the border in England . The Golden Spurtle rewards the maker of the best traditional porridge -- a seemingly simple blend of three ingredients : oatmeal , water and salt . However I was assured even the most experienced chefs find it almost impossible to produce the same porridge twice in a row . Neal Robertson was World Porridge Champion in 2010 . I know this because he bears a tattoo on his right arm declaring the fact . He has studied spurtle technique closely and invented a double-backed spoon which he calls a "  Spon , " which he believes gives him an advantage over those to whom he has n't managed to sell one . "  You should always stir with your right hand , always stir while standing up and you should always stir clockwise because it keeps the devil at bay , " he told me . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Germany 's cheap , clean energy With a thirty-minute time limit per heat , tension mounted as the clock ticked down . Each competitor poured out the required three bowls of their best brew . The steaming porridge was then collected on trays and carried through to the judges ' room . The table strained under the weight of the bowls . Each was secretly numbered to protect the anonymity of the competitors . The terminology used was clearly technical to my untrained ears . "  That 's foisty " ... "  claggy " ... "  snottery " ... that 's a curling puck , " one said . "  I like that , it 's quite nutty ... " "  That one 's too thick ... it 's bland ... it 's gloopy . " More and more bowls arrived . One trio turned up with firework sparklers showering the table . Another declared itself as "  Podgeree " a mix of porridge and kedgeree - the curry-flavoured smoked fish , egg and rice dish beloved by officers of the British Raj . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Spain turns clock back on siestas "  Och it 's too hot ! " exclaimed one judge . "  It 's an abomination , it 's disgusting . " You could hear a spurtle drop as the judge prepared to reveal the identity of this year 's champion . It was Gaelic singer John Boa , the gentle giant who won in 2011 but lost the Spurtle to an Englishman last year . There were tears in his eyes as he accepted the award to cheers and applause echoing around the rafters of the village hall . "  It 's a fun event and we should n't get too emotional but it 's got a pull this thing and my only regret is that last year 's champion was n't here to be put in his place but there it is , " he said . "  We do n't mind people coming here to win the spurtle but they should bow to the master when he 's been anointed . " Next year the competition will take place within two weeks of Scotland 's referendum on whether to become independent of the U.K. . If John Boa were to repeat his success in the Golden Spurtle , he could become the first world champion of an independent Scotland . Now there 's a stirring thought .	The Scottish village of Carrbridge is host to the World Porridge Championship Competition to create the best oatmeal gloop is fierce , and national pride is on the line Porridge is big business , and making the perfect bowl is not always easy CNN attends the competition and is there when the winner collects the "  Golden Spurtle "
CNN  -- Red Star Belgrade have been excluded from next season 's Champions League for failing to meet their debts . The Serbian champions -- also known as FK Crvena Zvezda -- were found to be "  in breach of a number of provisions of the UEFA Club Licensing and Financial Fair Play regulations , " a statement on UEFA 's website said . Red Star were due to enter the Champions League at the second qualifying round stage due to commence on July 15 and 16 . The Chamber of the UEFA Club Financial Control Body reported the case in early April "  after becoming aware of the existence of overdue payables as a result of a complaint , " the UEFA statement continued . "  Accordingly , Crvena Zvezda are excluded from participating in the 2014/15 UEFA Champions League for which they had qualified on sporting merit . " The club now have ten days to decide whether they will appeal the decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport . City rival and league runner up , Partizan Belgrade , could be awarded Serbia 's Champions League spot in Red Star 's place while the country 's football association may face a UEFA investigation of its own for granting a license to the club . UEFA has looked to crack down on clubs overspending in recent years , introducing financial fair play rules which aim to stop teams getting into unmanageable debt . Europe 's governing body handed down sanctions to nine clubs last month , including English and French champions Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain , for falling foul of the new rules .	Red Star Belgrade banned from 2014/15 Champions League tournament Serbian champions failed to pay debts City rivals Partizan now stand to take Serbia 's Champions League place
Russia ordered surprise military exercises on Ukraine 's doorstep Wednesday as tensions in that country 's southern Crimea region simmered , with pro-Russian demonstrators facing off against rival protesters in the city of Simferopol . As the mood soured among the thousands rallying in front of the Crimean parliament building in Simferopol , some scuffles broke out . One group waved Ukrainian flags and shouted "  Crimea is not Russia , " while the other held Russian flags aloft and shouted "  Crimea is Russia , " images broadcast by Crimean TV channel ATR showed . As the crowd became more agitated , a line of police moved in to divide the groups . Local leaders sought to calm the mood , urging the protesters to go home and resist provocations . One man died around the time of the protests in front of Parliament , the Crimean Ministry of Health said on its website . The man had no visible signs of injury , and early indications point to a heart attack , it said . Seven people sought medical help . The demonstrations signal the broad divide between those who support what is going on in Kiev , where the new government is leaning toward the West , and those who back Russia 's continued influence in Crimea and across Ukraine . In the capital Wednesday , the names of nominees for the country 's new unity government were read to the crowd in Independence Square . Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk was named as a nominee for interim prime minister , while activist Dmytro Bulatov was put forward as sports minister . Candidates are expected to be voted on in Parliament Thursday . Russia 's foreign minister has vowed not to intervene militarily in Ukraine . But with tensions in the region high , Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered surprise military exercises . The exercises are "  to check combat readiness of armed forces in western and central military districts as well as several branches of the armed forces , " Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu was quoted as saying by state media . Shoigu did not mention Ukraine , which lies to Russia 's west , but the timing of the move has prompted speculation about the motivation . Ukraine 's Ministry of Defense declined to comment on the exercises since they are on Russian territory . U.S. military intelligence has seen some Russian naval ship movement near Ukraine since the weekend , but it sees no immediate indication the Russians are preparing for any offensive military action in Ukraine , two U.S. officials said . Instead , the officials said intelligence suggests Russia is "  repositioning " up to half a dozen Russian ships near the Ukrainian port city of Sevastapol in case they 're needed to respond if Russian interests are threatened . "  They want to have their assets more accessible if needed , " one official said . "  This will allow for an expedited response . " Sevastapol is home to Russia 's Black Sea fleet , so the ships could be used , if needed , to protect the base , Russian military assets and personnel , and Russian citizens around Sevastapol , the U.S. officials said . About 60 % of the population in the city is Russian . The White House urged "  outside actors " to respect Ukraine 's sovereignty . "  We urge outside actors in the region to respect Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and end provocative rhetoric and  take  actions to support democratically established transitional government structures and use their influence in support of unity , peace and an inclusive path forward , " Deputy Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters . Russia held at least six snap combat readiness checks of its armed forces last year , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . ` Rumors ' fuel fears of split Concerns were heightened in the Crimea region when the Crimean Parliament convened a previously unscheduled session Wednesday , amid local media reports that secession might be on the agenda . But the Parliament speaker , Volodimir Konstantinov , denied there were plans to discuss "  radical issues " such as the separation of Russia-oriented Crimea from Ukraine . In a statement on the Parliament website , he dismissed the local media reports as "  rumors , " saying they were "  a provocation aimed at discrediting and de-legitimizing the Crimean parliament . " He also urged the Crimean people to remain calm and not be provoked , the statement said . In Sevastopol , residents told CNN they were angry that President Viktor Yanukovych has been forced out and fear that they will be oppressed by the country 's new leaders . Small pro-Russian protests were taking place in the Black Sea city Wednesday . A CNN team in the area encountered more than one pro-Russian militia checkpoint on the road from Sevastopol to Simferopol . Yanukovych 's base of support is in eastern and southern Ukraine , where Russian culture and language predominate . In that region , most people are suspicious of the Europe-leaning views of their counterparts in western Ukraine , who were at the heart of the anti-government protests that filled central Kiev . Many are struggling to come to grips with the rapid political upheaval that has unfolded in Ukraine in recent days , after months of protests and last week 's bloody clashes between protesters and security forces . Russia 's Foreign Ministry has accused Ukraine 's lawmakers of discriminating against ethnic Russians by excluding them from the reform process . Talks on new government The tensions come as Ukraine 's lawmakers scramble to put together a new unity government amid continued instability after Yanukovych 's ouster . Vasil Gatsko , of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms  UDAR  party , said the newly formed government will be officially voted on in Ukraine 's Parliament on Thursday morning . The interim authorities had initially hoped to announce a new government Tuesday . The names of the nominees for the new administration were read in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan -- which has been at the heart of the protest movement -- for approval from the crowds gathered there . The nominees were selected in a meeting Wednesday of the three main opposition parties and smaller parties . Bulatov , who was put forward as sports minister , spoke to CNN soon after the announcement . He is well-known as the activist who reappeared more than a week after he went missing amid anti-government protests , telling reporters he 'd been kidnapped and tortured by his captors . "  People have to feel the changes , not to hear about them , but see them , " he said . When asked what he saw as his biggest challenge as a possible minister , Bulatov replied : transparency . "  I think the first thing I must do is to bring more transparency , " he said . "  It 's gon na be the society , civil society I mean , who will be making decisions . The minister is a public person , and people must decide what is better , what are the priorities . " Lawmakers face the challenge of forming a body that genuinely represents of all the main political parties , despite their widely divergent views , and includes technical experts and some of the people 's heroes from the protests in Independence Square . Presidential and local elections are due to be held on May 25 . One candidate has already been announced . Opposition leader and former heavyweight boxing champion Vitali Klitschko , of the UDAR party , will run for the presidency , his press secretary Oksana Zinovyeva said . ` We were trapped ' : Eyewitness to the massacre in Kiev Elite riot police disbanded Earlier Wednesday , acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov announced that a riot police force used against anti-government protesters in Ukraine had been disbanded . Demonstrators accused the elite Berkut force , deployed by the government of Yanukovych to quell recent protests , of using excessive force . Avakov said on his Facebook page that he 'd signed the order disbanding the force Tuesday . But the new , pro-Russian mayor of Sevastopol said Tuesday night at a rally in the city that he had secured funding to keep paying Berkut riot police there even after the force was disbanded . The mayor , Alexej Chaliy , was elected in an unofficial local vote , but the interim authorities in Kiev have said he is not a legitimate leader . Last week , the bloody street clashes between demonstrators and security forces left more than 80 dead , the deadliest violence in the country since it gained independence when the Soviet Union collapsed 22 years ago . Russia , which backed Yanukovych , contends that the President was driven out by an "  armed mutiny " of extremists and terrorists . A warrant has been issued for his arrest , but his whereabouts remain unknown . Diplomatic moves While Yanukovych is on the run , the diplomatic wheels have been set in motion within the international community . One key concern is Ukraine 's perilous financial position . Interim Finance Minister Yury Kolobov proposed Monday that an international donor conference be held within two weeks . Ukraine , he said , will need $ 35 billion in foreign assistance by the end of 2015 . Russia had offered Ukraine a $ 15 billion loan and cut in natural gas prices in November , but that deal seems unlikely to remain on the table if Ukraine turns toward Europe . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague tweeted Wednesday : "  Will discuss international financial support for #Ukraine at the IMF in Washington DC today . " Ukrainian state news agency Ukrinform said the country has slashed its imports of natural gas from Russia in recent days . A U.S. State Department spokeswoman on Wednesday stressed that no decision has been made about financial assistance . "  The United States is continuing to consider a range of options , including loan guarantees , to support Ukraine economically . But no decision has been made , and the next step is the formation of a multiparty , technical government . "  Once that government is formed , we will begin to take immediate steps , in coordination with multilateral and bilateral partners , that could compliment an IMF package , to support Ukraine , " said spokeswoman Jen Psaki . Speaking in Washington on Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said officials were "  deeply engaged in trying to help this extraordinary transition that is taking place in Ukraine . " In a joint news conference with Hague , Kerry said that Ukraine 's alliances should not necessarily determine what happens to its people -- and that it was not a "  zero sum " game . "  It is not a Russia or the United States or other choices , " he said . "  This is about people of Ukraine and Ukrainians making their choice about their future . And we want to work with Russia , with other countries , with everybody available to make sure this is peaceful from this day forward . " Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a European Union trade deal in favor of one with Russia prompted the protests , which began in November . Opinion : What the West owes Ukraine Opinion : Putin 's bad week could be Russia 's good week 20 questions : What 's behind Ukraine 's political crisis ?	"  People have to feel the changes , not to hear about them , " says an activist A U.S. official urges "  outside actors in the region to respect Ukraine 's sovereignty " Nominees for a new unity government are announced in Independence Square Scuffles break out outside Crimean parliament between pro- and anti-Russian protesters
CNN Student News  -- March 11 , 2009 Quick Guide Education Reform - Examine the details of a proposal to overhaul the U.S. education system . Afghan Women at Risk - Learn about the plight of women in Afghanistan under Taliban rule . Tibetan Chinese Relations - Trace the history of the tense relationship between Tibet and China . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : An educational overhaul ? That issue is first up in today 's show . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Education Reform AZUZ : "  We can not afford to let the relative decline of American education continue . " Those , the words of President Obama as he unveiled a proposal to overhaul the country 's educational system . Some critics argue that the president is tackling too many issues , but Mr. Obama says America does n't have the luxury to address one challenge at a time . This latest proposal touches on everything from test scores to teacher salaries to the amount of time you spend in school . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP AZUZ : It 's a five-pronged approach to reforming education in America , and President Obama says it would span from the cradle through career . First , he 's calling for more spending on early childhood programs . For example , some first-time parents would get regular visits from nurses who 'd check on kids and , the president says , help prepare them for school and life . Second , Mr. Obama wants to toughen and clarify testing standards . He believes schools have reacted to lower test scores by simply lowering expectations . To fight that , Obama wants funding for the "  No Child Left Behind " program to be tied to results . Simply put : increase student performance , get more money . The third tier aims to recruit and train teachers . Money from the stimulus plan has been set aside to offset teacher layoffs . One controversial point though : Obama wants good teachers to get paid more . Teachers ' unions and critics say that could cause school officials to play favorites . The unions also have a problem with this : Obama wants more charter schools , schools that do n't answer to the local school board and have different approaches to education . The president wants to end limits on the number of these schools that states allow . But teachers ' unions say charter schools take the money that public schools should get . And many teachers and students wo n't want to hear this : Obama wants longer school days and more of them . Why ? U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The challenges of a new century demand more time in the classroom . AZUZ : Higher education comes fifth on this list : increasing Pell Grant awards . Also , giving a $ 2,500 tax credit per year to help working families with their students ' college tuition . One goal : that the U.S. would have the world 's highest proportion of college graduates by 2020 . Thing is , the president ca n't make all this happen ; his power is limited . So , we 'll have to keep our eyes on states to see what they do in the days ahead . END VIDEO CLIP Blog Promo AZUZ : So , a five-point proposal , but we 're focusing on one that could have a direct impact on you : longer school days . You 've heard the president 's view - we want to hear yours ! And teachers , you 're invited too . Head to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com and tell us what you think . Financial Scandal AZUZ : Following up on some financial news now . Bernard Madoff , the man accused of running a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme , is expected to plead guilty to 11 criminal charges and he could go to jail for the rest of his life . Madoff , arrested late last year . Charged with scamming thousands of clients in a scheme that pays off early investors with money from new ones . Madoff is expected to enter his guilty plea tomorrow . If that happens , the judge says he 'll sentence Madoff in several months . Shoutout ERIC NIVISON , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which of these countries is Afghanistan ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A , B , C or D ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! On this map , D is Afghanistan , a nation that 's home to nearly 33 million people . Afghan Women at Risk AZUZ : President Obama says he 'll consider talking with some members of the Taliban to try and bring peace to Afghanistan . The militant group controlled the nation before being thrown out of power in 2001 , and it was criticized for its harsh rule . A leading Afghan activist says any negotiations with the Taliban need to address the issue of women 's rights . Carol Costello explores this topic . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP CAROL COSTELLO , CNN REPORTER : It was America 's promise to the women and girls of Afghanistan : empowerment after years of Taliban oppression . AFGHAN SCHOOLGIRL : The Taliban told us not to go to school . We were afraid because those who tried to learn were beaten . COSTELLO : Today , more than seven years after U.S. troops toppled the Taliban , the Afghan government says 2 million Afghan girls now go to school . But there is evidence the Taliban and the dark days are returning . Suraya Paksad provides shelter in Afghanistan for women and girls who are victims of violence . COSTELLO : Do many women still fear the Taliban ? SURAYA PAKZAD , VOICE OF WOMEN ORGANIZATION : Yeah , even I feel fear sometimes because when I , when I receive death threats , when I 'm going to the office , I do n't use the same way that every day I 'm going . I change the routes to go to the office . I can not share my schedule even with my friends , with my staff , and even sometimes I 'm not secure talking on phone . COSTELLO : Pakzad says violence against girls grows by the day . Four months ago , men on motorcycles used water pistols to spray acid on a group of girls walking to school . The incident was widely condemned , as were other Taliban-inspired acts against women , by America 's new secretary of state . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE This is not culture . This is not custom . This is criminal . COSTELLO : Pakzad says Clinton 's words brought a renewed optimism , which promptly dissipated when President Obama floated an idea to reach out to Taliban moderates to bring peace to Afghanistan . PAKZAD : This is a hard question for now . COSTELLO : She says if the Taliban is brought in , women 's rights must be on the table . But as of Monday , there were no clear assurances from the state department . ROBERT WOOD , STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN : Well , I think you have to wait until our policy review is done before , you know , drawing any conclusions on anything . COSTELLO : Despite her worries , Pakzad will go back to Afghanistan with hope . PAKZAD : And I know when I see that you are enjoying your freedom in this beautiful country , and I know , I believe it does n't come by itself . It was the result of hard work of a group of dedicated women that put their lives at risk . COSTELLO : The state department told us women 's rights are important and to keep in mind this idea of using moderate elements of the Taliban is just that right now : an idea . Carol Costello , CNN , Washington . END VIDEO CLIP I.D. Me ! NIVISON : See if you can I.D. Me ! I was born in Tibet in 1935 . I assumed power as the Tibetan leader in 1950 . I won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 . I 'm the Dalai Lama , and I 've lived in exile , away from my home country , since 1959 . Tibetan Chinese Relations AZUZ : This month marks the 50th anniversary of when the Dalai Lama left Tibet during an uprising against the Chinese government . The spiritual leader says China has made life "  hell on Earth " for Tibetans in the time since , but China blames the decades-long conflict on the Dalai Lama . Kristie Lu Stout traces the tense history between the two sides . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP KRISTIE LU STOUT , CNN REPORTER : The Potala Palace , a stunning landmark and symbol of Tibetan nationalism . It was also home to the spiritual leader of Tibet , the Dalai Lama . But now , it 's capped by the red flag of China . Let 's step back in time to find out how this came to be . While the 20th century is still young , China 's last emperor has been overthrown , rival warlords vie for power with a weak central government , and Tibet , which was nominally under Chinese rule during the last dynasty , declares its independence . In 1940 , a five-year-old boy from a peasant family is enthroned as the latest reincarnation in a line of 13 previous Dalai Lamas , and venerated as the god-king ruler of Tibet . In 1950 , having pacified China , the new communist government in Beijing turns its attention to this remote mountainous region . Its armies move on Lhasa . Chinese leader Mao Zedong offers automony but also demands obedience . Smiles for the cameras here , but back home , resentment against Chinese rule is brewing . And then , on March 10 , 1959 , violence erupts in Lhasa . A Tibetan uprising against Chinese rule fails . Exiles claim some 86,000 Tibetans are killed . After weeks of unrest , the Dalai Lama and his ministers flee Tibet and go into exile in northern India . They are soon joined by tens of thousands of followers . During decades of exile in Dharmasala , India , the Dalai Lama continues to press China to give autonomy to Tibet . He becomes a cause celebre in the west , but talks with Beijing never get anywhere . The run up to the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing sees another round of violence in Tibet . In March last year , angry Tibetan protesters take to the streets in Lhasa , targeting and even killing Han Chinese . Beijing responds with a brutal crackdown . This month , it 's lockdown in Tibet . Foreigners are banned from entering , and security is intense . China is n't taking any chances . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we leave you today , we 're bringing you a distinct downside to living in a beachfront home . It might look like this wall of ice is meant to keep people out , but the ice is actually working its way in ! Strong winds helped the force of nature force its way inside these homes . Luckily , everyone got out in time . But there was nothing anyone could do about the invading ice , which was advancing about 20 feet every half hour . Goodbye AZUZ : Must have been a chilling scene . That puts today 's show on ice . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Examine the details of a proposal to overhaul the U.S. education system Learn about the plight of women in Afghanistan under Taliban rule Trace the history of the tense relationship between Tibet and China
CNN  -- Razia Jan is fighting to educate girls in rural Afghanistan , where terrorists will stop at nothing to keep them from learning . Despite the threat of violence , Jan continues to open the doors of her Zabuli Education Center . She and her team are providing a free education to about 350 girls , many of whom would not normally have access to school . CNN asked Jan for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Razia Jan : I was in Bamiyan  an Afghan town northwest of Kabul  when I got a call in my room . I could not believe my ears . I started to cry , then I felt a great joy , and I started to laugh . I started to jump up and down . It is the greatest honor to be among these selfless human beings . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to the Zabuli Education Center ? Jan : It has given me more strength and determination to go forward to continue giving these girls an opportunity to get education and gain self-respect . It has given me a lifetime opportunity , a golden chance to continue my struggle to break the vicious cycle of violence against women and girls by providing education in a country where women have no rights to exist as an equal . I see a ray of hope that will shine all over the world and make them aware of a very small accomplishment that is changing the lives of these girls . From the day I opened the doors of the Zabuli Education Center , my effort was and is to provide security and the best education for these girls . Hopefully , they will have a better future . ... I 'm the luckiest person in the world to get this honor and to help these kids . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Jan : All the money will go to the  Razia 's Ray of Hope  foundation so we can continue to educate these girls . We 've never closed the school , even during the holidays , so the girls are there during the winter . I want to buy them boots and jackets ; all of them walk to school . And I would like to buy a new van for the teachers to transport them . My  big  goal is to build more classrooms . Every year I have 55 or 60 new girls , and space is really limited ; they 're small rooms . Also , I want to do adult education for the young women who have never been to school . I would like to start and help 20 to 25 women . Let 's make their life a little better . These are very small things , but I think each step will make things better for each woman and each girl . It 's changing their world . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Jan : All my life , I tried my best to be a helping hand to people and animals in need , even though what I have done was in the very small way that I could afford . It took a lot of determination and courage to build the first girls school in an area where the girls did not count . Now , with hard work , I have proven to the men of seven villages surrounding the school that this is the best thing that 's happened for their daughters to get educated . Read the full story on CNN Hero Razia Jan : Acid attacks , poison : What Afghan girls risk by going to school	Razia Jan was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 She founded a school in rural Afghanistan to teach young girls for free In the country , there has been a cycle of violence against girls and women Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board 's big , bold stroke encouraging all states to prohibit drivers from using cell phones faces a long , tortuous process in the nation 's statehouses , experts said Wednesday . This political reality stands out : Since states began legislating distracted driving or cell phone use in 2000 , none has gone so far as to impose a complete ban on mobile devices behind the wheel , and only one state -- Alaska -- has considered such a blanket prohibition , just this year , said Anne Teigen , senior policy specialist with National Conference of State Legislatures . Barbara Harsha , executive director of the Governors Highway Safety Association , said opponents do n't like big government intrusions and savor their personal freedoms . "  This is a controversial issue so you can assume it 's not going to pass right away , " Harsha said . "  It 's going to take a long time for legislatures to pass laws , and a long time for states to begin to enforce the laws , and then a long time for behavior to start to change . "  The first seat-belt law was passed in the mid - '80s , and we 're now at 84 percent of drivers who are buckled up nationwide , " even though all states now have laws requiring drivers and passengers to wear seat belts , Harsha said . "  People like to be connected . They like to respond to e-mails and voice mail , " Harsha said . States wo n't embrace such a blanket ban recommended by the NTSB , said David Adkins , executive director and CEO of The Council of State Governments . Lawmakers believe that constituents and trade groups alike view such a total ban as excessive , he said . "  It 's just one of those things that would be the equivalent of the 18th Amendment today . It 's a Prohibition that would not work , " Adkins said . "  I do n't believe most state lawmakers would say  the NTSB recommendation  is viable , " Adkins said . "  To check to see what 's for dinner and who 's going to pick up the kids , those are so ingrained as conveniences in our daily lives , to say that we 're not going to allow you to connect , that seems so unrealistic . " Still , Adkins praised the NTSB initiative as "  boldly aspirational . " "  If it gets people 's attention , it will do good , " he said . "  I just hope they pursue their campaign through cooperation and collaboration rather than preemption or mandates on the states , in other words forcing it down the states ' throats . " NTSB chairwoman Deborah Hersman acknowledged that the recommended ban is "  a challenge " that "  will take some time . " Another NTSB board member said the proposal 's target -- distracted driving -- is "  the new DUI . " "  I know how difficult this is because I used to talk on my phone , as well , until I understood the dangers of it , " Hersman told CNN on Wednesday . "  And I 'll tell you , when I hung up my phone and stopped talking on the phone while I was driving , it was like becoming sober and seeing that everyone around you was drinking . You notice the people who are distracted . " In the past 10 years the NTSB has increasingly sought to limit the use of portable electronic devices -- recommending bans for novice drivers , school bus drivers and commercial truckers . Tuesday 's recommendation , if adopted by states , would outlaw nonemergency phone calls and texting by operators of every vehicle on the road . The initiative would apply to hands-free as well as hand-held devices , but devices installed in the vehicle by the manufacturer would be allowed , the NTSB said . The recommendation would not affect passengers ' rights to use such devices The Governors Highway Safety Association , which represents state highway safety agencies in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico , has n't taken a position on the NTSB recommendation because the association would like to see more research . "  There 's conflicting evidence " on whether hands-free cell phone conversations would be as unsafe as those by hand-helds , Harsha said , adding that more "  definitive research " is needed . "  If it shows both are unsafe , then a total ban may make the most sense , " she said . So far , nine states and the District of Columbia prohibit hand-held cell phones while driving , Teigen said . A 10th state , Utah , has deemed speaking on a hand-held phone as a careless driving offense if it is accompanied by another moving violation , Harsha said . Thirty states and the District of Columbia prohibit novice drivers and teenagers from using cell phones while driving , but no state has imposed such a ban on all drivers , Teigen said . One cell phone industry group supports states ' ban on texting while driving -- a law enacted in 35 states and the District of Columbia , according to the National Council of State Legislatures . But the CTIA-The Wireless Association did n't take a position on the NTSB 's recommended ban on cell phone conversations behind the wheel . "  Manual texting while driving is clearly incompatible with safety , which is why we have historically supported a ban on texting while driving . As far as talking on wireless devices while driving , we defer to state and local lawmakers and their constituents as to what they believe are the most appropriate laws where they live , " Steve Largent , president and CEO of the industry group , said in a statement . In Alaska , state Rep. Mike Doogan , a Democrat , this year proposed legislation that would ban using a cell phone when driving , but the measure died , he said . "  I 'm very happy to see that the NTSB has taken notice of what is clearly a problem that basically anyone who is on the road can recognize themselves . It 's important that a national organization is getting involved . Otherwise , it 's a state-by-state slog , and that slog has n't been going so well , including in Alaska , " Doogan said . The federal government last month banned interstate truck and bus drivers from using cell phones while driving . A violation carries a federal fine of $ 2,750 .	NTSB has encouraged all states to prohibit drivers from using cell phones States will be reluctant to impose a total ban on cell phones behind the wheel , experts say Experts : Seat-belt laws met with resistance , and cell phones ' convenience is "  ingrained " Only in Alaska has a blanket prohibition been considered , and it went nowhere
CNN  -- The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill student who was slain this year was kidnapped from her apartment and forced to provide her abductors with access to her bank account before she was shot to death , according to court documents released Friday . Laurence Alvin Lovette Jr. surrendered without incident after a four-hour standoff , police said . Student body President Eve Carson , 22 , was found shot to death in the early hours of March 5 in a suburban neighborhood not far from campus . Two men , Demario James Atwater , 22 , and Lawrence Alvin Lovette , 17 , have been charged with killing her . Police initially theorized that Carson may have been carjacked , saying she was extremely busy and sometimes worked in her office in the wee hours . But according to applications for search warrants unsealed Friday , a confidential informant told police in the days after the death that Atwater had told her he and Lovette entered Carson 's home through an open door and forced Carson to accompany them in her car . The informant said she talked with Atwater after a picture was displayed on television showing someone attempting to use Carson 's ATM card at a convenience store two days after Carson 's body was found . The informant said the two men drove Carson to an ATM , obtaining her PIN from her . "  The -LSB- informant -RSB- learned that Carson was forced into the back seat with Atwater , and Lovette drove Carson 's vehicle , " the court documents said . "  That information is consistent with video footage taken from an ATM camera on that date . " The witness told police that Atwater said the two got about $ 1,400 from Carson 's account . Bank records show that was approximately the amount taken from the account over a two-day period , the documents said . And the informant said that both suspects shot Carson , according to one of the affidavits . "  This information was corroborated by crime scene search information that two separate weapons were used in the homicide , " the documents said . A partial shoeprint was found on a bank receipt Carson 's Toyota Highlander , documenting a withdrawal made from her account by Atwater and Lovette , court documents said . The documents said police believe that Carson was subjected to a sexual assault "  of an unknown nature , " and they asked for a search warrant to collect DNA swabs from the suspects . But Orange County , North Carolina , District Attorney Jim Woodall said Friday that the collection and testing done on Carson 's body was routine and that authorities do not believe she was sexually assaulted . In executing the search warrants , police seized numerous pairs of shoes from both suspects . Carson was a pre-medicine student double-majoring in political science and biology . She was a recipient of the university 's prestigious Morehead Scholarship and was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society , UNC has said . A senior and a native of Athens , Georgia , Carson was last seen about 1:30 a.m. March 5 by her roommates , who were leaving and invited her along . Carson was studying and declined , saying she had work to do , police said . Officers found her body in the street after neighbors reported hearing shots about 5 a.m.	An informant said Eve Carson was shot multiple times by two abductors Warrants contradict original theory that death was random carjacking Documents said police believe Carson was subjected to a sexual assault Informant told police that men entered Carson 's home through open door
CNN  -- It is time to stop focusing on the next month and start focusing on the years to come . Syria is not a chemical weapons crisis any more than a country whose problems can be solved by supporting the rebels . Like many of the countries in the Middle East -- Bahrain , Egypt , Iraq , Lebanon , Tunisia and Yemen -- it has already been destabilized by a mixture of population pressures , weak economic development , authoritarianism , corruption , failed governance , and deep ethnic and sectarian divisions . It will take years for them to achieve stability and move along some path toward growth and development . Getting rid of Bashar al-Assad 's chemical weapons will be a major challenge . Al-Assad is likely to resist , and delay . An ongoing civil war is scarcely the ideal environment for a complex nationwide effort in arms control . Russia is likely to put al-Assad 's survival before pushing Syria toward full compliance and to oppose any use of force . The November deadlines for even initial compliance are politically and militarily necessary , but may not be workable in practice . Destroying , neutralizing and moving all the weapons is a task of unknown scale and difficulty with no resources now in place . Reports that Syrian officials have turned over materials to prove the August 21 chemical attack was carried out by the rebels only further complicates matters . Added to that , the return of U.N. chemical inspectors to Syria in the coming days means that attempts to coordinate the task of disarmament will be further delayed . These developments aside , what is more important is the fact that any effort to deal with Syria 's chemical weapons does not have any clear impact on a civil war that has almost certainly killed 120,000 Syrian civilians , driven some 2 million out of the country , and displaced well over 4 million . Syria 's economy is crippled , with high levels of youth unemployment and underemployment . Some 20 % of the population has lost a home , a job , or a business . Education is badly disrupted in a country where one-third of the population is 14 years old or younger . Medical services and every other aspect of social and physical infrastructure have been badly damaged . None of these problems can be solved until the civil war is solved , and it can not be solved by partition , which would divide the country into unworkable economic zones based on religion , ethnicity , anger or hatred . An al-Assad victory would leave a seething majority of Sunnis under a dictator who could only survive by using repression at the cost of recovery , development , human rights and freedom . A rebel victory could deprive Alawites and minorities of their rights and bring Islamist extremists to power who would most likely repress the nation 's moderate Sunni majority . The United States can not solve any of these issues from the outside . It can push for the full destruction of the chemical arsenal and an end to the far more lethal use of conventional force against civilians . It can counter the aid to Assad from Iran and Russia by providing arms and training to the moderate parts of the rebel forces . It can push for negotiations that will put a moderate unity government in place . It can continue to provide humanitarian aid , and if a stable government does emerge , it can aid in the process of recovery and development that will take years . In practice , the United States must pursue this course over the years for both humanitarian reasons and self-interest . A violent , polarized Syria is a breeding ground for extremism and terrorism . It threatens allies like Israel , Jordan and Turkey . It is worsening the divisions and violence in Lebanon and Iraq , and giving Iran a major new zone of influence and growing ability to threaten our Arab allies in the Gulf and the world 's oil exports . At the same time , however , the U.S. must carefully ration its aid and military resources . Syria is not as important as the crisis in Egypt or Iraq . Iran is much more of a direct threat . Yemen and Iraq are both far more of a center for al Qaeda than Afghanistan and Pakistan . Bahrain is a key ally and the center of our naval operations in the region . Tunisia needs help in becoming a real and stable democracy . Morocco and Jordan are allies that also need aid , and Israel 's security is a constant concern . In short , Syria is just this month 's crisis in a region where the Arab Spring has become at least a decade of violence , religious conflict , threat to development and progress , and where the United States can neither solve a single problem quickly nor take a single risk of disengaging from an effort to help . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Cordesman .	Anthony Cordesman : None of Syria 's problems can be solved until its civil war is solved Cordesman : The U.S. must be involved for both humanitarian reasons and self-interest He says at the same time , the U.S. must carefully ration its aid and resources to the region Cordesman : Sadly , Syria is just this month 's crisis in a region full of complicated conflicts
Washington  CNN  -- After more than three days of deliberations , jurors on Monday convicted Ingmar Guandique of two counts of first-degree murder in the 2001 death of Washington intern Chandra Levy . As the verdict was read , Levy 's mother , Susan , stared intently at Guandique . Several jurors wiped their eyes afterward . Levy , a 24-year-old California native , was in Washington working as an intern for the Bureau of Prisons when she was last seen on May 1 , 2001 . Her skull was found over a year later , on May 22 , 2002 , in Washington 's Rock Creek Park . But police did n't arrest Guandique until February 2009 . He was then serving a 10-year sentence for attacking two other women in the park and had reportedly spoken about killing Levy . "  It 's been nearly 10 years since the promise of a young life was lost in Rock Creek Park , " Ronald Machen , the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia , told reporters Monday afternoon . "  Today 's verdict does send a message for a murderer to be held accountable . It 's never too late for justice to be served . " Following an 11-day trial , jurors deliberated for three days and then for another two hours Monday . They notified Superior Court Judge Gerald Fisher about 11:45 a.m. that they had reached a verdict , entering the courtroom at 12:35 p.m. ET . Speaking after their dismissal , jurors told reporters they took the time to examine each piece of evidence and consider it . "  We were very careful to evaluate all the evidence , and it was a decision based on everything we had , " said juror Susan Kelly , a journalist . Guandique , 29 , will face a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole when he is sentenced February 11 . The jury convicted him of one count of murder with kidnapping and a second count of murder with attempted robbery . After the verdict , Susan Levy asked reporters , "  What difference does it make , " and then answered her own question . "  You , the prosecutors , defense , the jury , the police , the public and individual citizens , as well as the media , both the written media and the visual media , we all make a difference , " she said . " ... It makes a difference to find the right person who is responsible for my daughter 's death or for anybody else 's death . " Regardless of the sentence Guandique is given , "  I have a lifetime sentence of a lost limb missing from our family tree , " she said . "  It 's painful . I live with it every day . ... There 's always going to be a feeling of sadness . " Emily Grinstead told reporters that she and fellow jurors were mindful not to rush a decision . While confident they reached the right verdict , she said that "  does n't mean that I do n't wish we did n't have to be here today . " "  You 're dealing with somebody 's life , " Grinstead said . "  Two people 's lives . I do n't take that lightly . " Asked what she would say to Susan Levy , juror Linda Norton said , "  I think she has to take from this what she will . We can not bring back her daughter . ... We did the best we could with the evidence we were given . " Prosecutors argued that Guandique , a reputed member of the Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha , attacked Levy while she was jogging in Washington 's Rock Creek Park . After her skull was found , a search turned up other remains of Levy 's , as well as clothing later identified as hers strewn down the side of a ravine . Her running shoes were unlaced , and her clothes were turned inside out . Her pants were knotted in tight restraints around her legs . Prosecutor Amanda Haines , during her closing argument , cited what she portrayed as confessions that Guandique allegedly made to a cellmate as he served time for other attacks , as well as remarks he allegedly made to a female pen pal . Defense attorney Santha Sonenberg emphasized the largely circumstantial nature of the case , including what prosecutors have acknowledged was a lack of DNA evidence , a lack of witnesses and only secondhand accounts of Guandique 's alleged confessions . Both the women who Guandique also attacked in the park -- including one on the same day Levy went missing -- spoke at the trial , testimony that Kelly called "  powerful . " He had pleaded guilty for his role in those attacks , and was set to be released in September 2010 . The disappearance of Levy drew national attention after her parents discovered a connection with Gary Condit , who was then a sitting congressman from California . Condit was never a suspect in the case , but he was questioned intensively for details about Levy 's whereabouts . He testified in the trial earlier this month , but refused to address a question about whether he had sex with Levy . An FBI forensic expert later confirmed Condit 's semen had been found in underwear retrieved from Levy 's apartment in the days after her parents reported her missing . "  We 've lost our feeling for common decency . I did n't commit any crime . I did n't do anything wrong , " he said . Condit said several times during his testimony that the media frenzy surrounding Levy 's disappearance was hard to handle , including a helicopter flight over his California home while his daughter and her friends were sunbathing at the family 's pool . "  They reported that I had young women in bikinis at my house , " he said . Juror Grinstead pointed out that it was n't just police that were sidetracked and focused for weeks on the wrong person . Asked who also was on the wrong track , she told reporters , "  You all . " Metropolitan Police Department Chief Cathy Lanier defended authorities ' handling of the case Monday afternoon , saying it sometimes takes time to find evidence and suspects . The U.S. attorney 's office in the District of Columbia recently opened a "  cold case " unit , which Machen credited for leading to four convictions in the past year for murders that dated back as far as 20 years . "  It 's not like it is on TV . Cases can be very complicated , " said Lanier , who became chief in 2007 . "  You never give up , regardless of criticism , regardless of mistakes . And I think that 's what happened in this case . " CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. attorney says verdict shows murderers will be held accountable NEW : Police chief defends handling of case , which first focused on Gary Condit The body was found over a year after she disappeared ; charges came 9 years later Chandra Levy 's mother : "  There 's always going to be a feeling of sadness "
From wearable technology to space tourism , 2014 will be a year of significant technological leaps . We take a look through some of the most ground-breaking developments of the year ahead . Electric cars take to the track As the name suggests , Formula E is all about electric power . The arrival of this new petrol-free motor racing competition is a significant step for both the car and the environment . Two years ago motorsport 's international governing body , the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  , announced its ambitious plan for an electric car race that would mimic the hugely popular F1 series . As the arrival of Formula E looms , experts predict that it could have a big impact on the future of car manufacturing . Initially , the cars in the competition will be powered by enormous battery engines . Each battery weighs 200 kilograms , producing around 200 kilowatts of power . Depending on the speed , the electric engines will last anywhere from a few hours to just 25 minutes and the cars can reach speeds of up to 220 kilometers per hour . "  If you look in the past , a lot of development in the car industry has come from racing , " said Formula E CEO Alejandro Agag . "  The transfer of technology is potentially very big . " Space tourism blasts off After a number of false starts and delays , Virgin Galactic is finally poised to lift off in 2014 . Billionaire Richard Branson 's planned commercial spacecraft underwent a successful test flight last year over California , making a commercial launch this year a distinct possibility . In September 2013 , Branson 's Virgin Galactic said SpaceShipTwo completed an important test , breaking the sound barrier as it climbed from 42,000 feet to 69,000 feet over the Mojave Desert before descended using its tilt-wing "  feathering " maneuver . It was the second successful powered flight for SpaceShipTwo -- a craft designed to carry up to six passengers . Initially , Virgin Galactic flights are scheduled to be suborbital , but the hope is to take passengers further into space as the technology is refined . Already , a host of famous names have signed up to head into near orbit including Katy Perry , Stephen Hawking and Ashton Kutcher . "  We could n't be more delighted to have another major supersonic milestone under our belts as we move toward a 2014 start of commercial service , " said Branson after the test flight last year . Wind power blows stronger As scientists look to find alternatives to traditional fossil fuels , a number of major projects , including Cape Wind  in Massachusetts ' Nantucket Sound  and Deepwater Wind  near Block Island , Rhode Island  , are vying to become the first offshore windfarm in the U.S. Alongside power from volcanoes , waves , biomass and the sun , wind power is set to become a significant alternative energy source in 2014 . Are we finally heading to Mars ? A new type of engine , called the VASIMR  or Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket  will be tested in space in March . If successful it is estimated that it could reduce the time it takes to get to Mars from nine months to just three months . The technology -- an "  advanced plasma space propulsion system " -- will be tested by NASA on the International Space Station , taking the prospect of interplanetary exploration one step closer . Synthetic biology begins to grow Marcus Fairs , the editor of dezeen.com , a highly influential online design magazine , says that in his view 2014 's most significant emerging technologies will be in the field of synthetic biology . "  This emerging field started to hit the headlines at the end of last year and will be huge in 2014 , " Fairs say . "  It involves the creation of new types of artificial life forms that perform useful functions . At the smallest scale it could mean man-made microbes that live inside your body and detect illness ; at the largest scale it could mean synthetic creatures that are released into the wild to clean up pollution or attack parasitic species . " Wearable technology is on trend Wearable technology fired some preliminary warning shots in 2013 with the release of the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Pebble smartwatches , but this year will see the arrival of a selection of truly innovative wearable devices . Most notably , Google Glass is expected to launch this year , offering head-mounted computing that could , ultimately , make smartwatches and mobile phones a thing of the past . Alongside Google 's new high-tech glasses , Fairs says that in 2014 "  technology will migrate onto the body as digital services are miniaturized and embedded in our clothing or worn against our skin . We already have Google Glass and wearable fitness trackers , but a vast array of services -- from health monitoring to augmented information  telling you what 's around you and helping you navigate  will become commonplace . " Fairs points to clothing with in-built solar panels , devices that scan your body for disease , and self-repairing trainers as some of the more exciting wearable technologies on the near horizon . Tim Meyer , Head of Strategic Planning and Communications at TRIUMF , Canada 's national laboratory for particle and nuclear physics , agrees . "  This year 's Las Vegas CES show is revealing new wearable technology , but what we 're going to see this year is the development and test-marketing of smart clothing , not just smart gadgets , " Meyer says . "  New fibers , new micro-sensors , and new communications protocols will allow your clothes to actually work for you and collect and process information . I suspect we 'll see some fashion statements first : clothes that change shape or color . Then we 'll see clothes that do computing ; first step will be storing information . My socks will store today 's to-do list . " Dark matter Meyer also believes that 2014 will be a significant year for physics , particularly in the search for dark matter : "  Dark matter is being searched for in everyone 's sock drawer as well as deep underground and with satellites . The underground experiments are likely to find something before the Large Hadron Collider turns back on to try "  making " it . We could see a conclusive discovery of weakly interacting , massive dark matter particles this year . That will blow your mind . " Crowd-funding comes of age Mid-way through 2014 new laws  known as the JOBS act  will allow anybody to buy equity in start-ups through new online crowd-funding marketplaces . This will make it almost as easy for individuals to fund new technology ventures as it currently is to support a Kickstarter project , bringing a flood of new capital to fledgling tech companies . "  The ability to aggregate a bunch of individuals around a common funding goal is absolutely game changing , " Vince Molinari , founder and chief executive of GATE Technologies , an online trading company said . With these new laws in place , the rapid technology developments of 2014 may be dwarfed by innovations in 2015 and beyond . Watch this space .	2014 will be a year of enormous technological leaps Launch of Formula E promises rapid development for electric cars Virgin Galactic plans to launch tourist flights to space Could the VASIMR engine help humans reach the moon ?
EW.com  -- Is she a good Twitter girl gone bad ? Rihanna has taken to the 140-character site to offer up a steamy image of herself on Wednesday -- in which she strikes a strategically covered-up topless pose with the message , "  Where have you been all my life ?! " The post has sent already-wagging tongues into overdrive , wondering if this is just another part of her alleged feud with Chris Brown 's current girlfriend , model Karrueche Tran . Last week , the songstress tweeted a feasibly harmless but potentially offensive picture of a packet of rice cakes dressed up in hoop earrings and shades with the caption , "  Ima make you my b **** . " Rihanna 's followers made the obvious link to Tran , who is half-Vietnamese . Then , when one of Rihanna 's followers asked her to save him some rice cakes , she responded with , "  Kinda DRY . " Was it all a thinly veiled dig ? Maybe . Maybe not . On her "  Birthday Cake  Remix  " single with Brown , she does sing , "  Come and get it / Sweeter than a rice cake / Cake worth sipping . " And anyone who has ever eaten a rice cake knows that yes , they can be dry . While we were busy decoding Rihanna 's twitpic game , Tran retaliated with Nicki Minaj lyrics on her Facebook . "  I win you loose !!! -LSB- sic -RSB- * nicki voice * I mean I got him , you got pictures of him " with a friend posting adding , "  I 'm Angelina , you Jennifer . C'mon , you see where Brad at . " Jab ? Again , maybe . Maybe not . Tran tweeted that she does n't even have a Facebook page , but that retreat did n't seem to phase Rihanna , who fire back song lyrics from Minaj 's rival , Lil Kim : "  I 'm a leader , yall on some followin s *** , comin in dis game on some modeling s *** ! " Is this a full-on feud ? It 's all still a mystery . Either way , it 's clear these two wo n't be trading friendship bracelets and braiding each others ' hair anytime soon . What do you think ? Is this a war of words or is just some silly social-media back-and-forth ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Last week Rihanna tweeted a packet of rice cakes dressed up in hoop earrings and shades Rihanna 's followers made the obvious link to Chris Brown 's girlfriend Karrueche Tran Tran retaliated with Nicki Minaj lyrics on her Facebook
Washington  CNN  -- Angela Merkel might be the most powerful female politician in the world these days . She certainly is in Europe . We now know that her cell phone was monitored by U.S. intelligence , not just since she became the German Chancellor in 2005 , but also for an additional three years before that . Many U.S. analysts are now arguing that Merkel 's anger at the revelations is manufactured for public consumption . They could not be more wrong . A lot of Germans were flustered when they learned this summer that the NSA had been collecting millions of bits of so-called meta-data on them . According to opinion polls , 60 % of Germans supported Edward Snowden 's release of classified information . Just 17 % found what he did was wrong . For Germans , the discussion about U.S. surveillance is not a joke . In fact , it could n't be more serious . We value our privacy highly . It is seen as an individual liberty that often could not be taken for granted in German history . Both the Nazi secret police -- the Gestapo -- and the East German intelligence agency -- the Stasi -- spied extensively on citizens . Even in more recent decades Germans have repeatedly fought battles about privacy and against a perceived " Ãœberwachungsstaat " -- or "  surveillance state . " Compared to the U.S. , Germany already has many laws concerning data privacy , but two-thirds of Germans would even like stricter regulations . Back in the summer , Merkel tried to downplay the U.S. surveillance herself and stood strong on the side of the U.S. ally . In mid-July , Merkel gave an interview on the topic , which in light of the recent revelations , seems almost satirical . OPINION : Stasi past looms over spy scandal The host of the show introduced her as "  the lady who hopes that at least her cell phone is bug-proof , even from U.S. intelligence services . " Merkel said later in the interview : "  I know that I am not being monitored . " A month later -- and in the midst of an election campaign dominated by this issue -- the German government announced that the "  NSA scandal , " as the German media called it , was over because the U.S. had ensured more transparency . The German public 's anger calmed and Merkel cruised to re-election . Last week Merkel learned in a particularly personal way that the issue is far from over . She became Germany 's first NSA victim known by name and gave the extent of U.S. spying a face . Politically Merkel did n't have a lot to gain by bringing this issue to the table again . Her anger is not simulated for domestic consumption . In fact , the opposite is true , since she is now criticized for not taking the extent of the surveillance more serious in the beginning . Merkel is usually measured . For her to pick up the phone and call President Barack Obama to publicly criticise the extent of U.S. surveillance shows how disgruntled she really is . Her anger seems real and rightfully so . Eavesdropping on Merkel 's conversations and reading her text messages is completely unacceptable . Not because she is the most powerful female politician , but because she is one of the closest allies the U.S. has in Europe and , overall , a trusted friend . The latest polls show that a majority of Germans supports her sharp reaction ; a quarter even thinks that she has reacted too gently . Back in the summer , Obama said that if he wanted to know what Merkel is thinking , he could pick up the phone and just ask her . In retrospect , this comment verges on the offensive . So what benefit does it really bring to spy on Germany ? Are these benefits really worth the costs ? Even if Obama has begun a foreign policy shift towards Asia in his presidency , he still needs strong transatlantic partners . Of course , the "  HandyÃ 1/4 berwachung " -- the German word for spying on cell phones -- hits close to home for Merkel . She grew up in Eastern Germany where every conversation , every step , was monitored by the Stasi . It 's in part because of her past that Merkel always had a lot of respect for the United States . She values freedom and liberties and with that the country , which seemed to value these attributes the most : The United States . Merkel would n't challenge relationships with the U.S. if she did n't think it was necessary . She would n't endanger the Swift data exchange agreement and negotiations on a free trade zone between the European Union and the United States , just to demonstrate that she is a strong leader or to strengthen her position at home , which is stable regardless at the moment . Ever since World War II , German-U.S. relations have flourished through trust in each other . That trust is broken now . For the first time it seems , the U.S. has crossed an actual threshold . Tapping the phones of ally leaders should n't be a question of "  can we " , but rather "  should we ? " Now it is time for the U.S. to try to understand those cultural concerns , to show Europeans that security does n't trump liberty ; that the intelligence services have n't gone wild and , especially , to rebuild the trust of a valued ally . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charlotte Potts	German Chancellor Angela Merkel is indignant over having her phone monitored Merkel grew up in East Germany where domestic spying was rampant She respected the U.S. as reflecting her values of freedom and liberty Trust is now broken and the U.S. needs to show security does not trump liberty
CNN  -- U.S. golfer Stewart Cink has promised a "  fiercely competitive " defense of his British Open title at St Andrews next week . Cink , the world number 34 , was a surprise winner of the Claret Jug last season , beating veteran Tom Watson in a play-off to land his first major title . The British Open will celebrate its 150th anniversary at the sport 's spiritual home in Scotland when the event gets underway on Thursday , July 15 . "  St. Andrews will be special , " Cink told CNN 's Living Golf . "  Obviously it will be my third Open that I 've played there . I just have so much respect for it , the way it has developed over the years and it 's -LSB- ... -RSB- amazing that it 's remained this good for this long . "  It will also be a time to be fiercely competitive because I really do n't want to give that up again . " A year ago at Turnberry , Cink finished level with five-time champion Watson on two under par , before storming to a six-shot victory in the four-hole play-off . Ranked 33 at the time and with only one previous top-10 finish at the championship , Cink says he was inspired by fellow American Lucas Glover , who shocked better-known rivals to land the U.S. Open title last year . "  I looked back and thought , well , if Lucas Glover can win the U.S. Open then why ca n't I win a major ? What 's stopping me ? "  At the end of a major championship , there 's always one guy that just seems to have the poise to come and step through the threshold -- that was me that Sunday . It was humbling and satisfying . " Cink will playing at a St Andrews Open for the third time and thinks he knows the secret to success on the Old Course . "  You need to avoid the bunkers , that 's the main thing " he said . "  It 's probably got the most severe set of bunkers of any Open venue . You really have to position your second shots . " While Watson will be making another bid for his sixth title at St Andrews , another of the sport 's legends wo n't be there . Australia 's Greg Norman , the 1986 and 1993 winner , has pulled out of the tournament because of a shoulder injury . The 53-year-old , who finished joint third at Royal Birkdale in the 2008 Open , has not played an event since undergoing shoulder surgery in September . "  I 'm disappointed that I will not be able to participate in this year 's Open Championship , but unfortunately , it is taking me longer than expected to regain my competitive form , " Norman told the Open 's official website . Norman has been replaced in the field by his fellow Australian Jason Day , who won the Byron Nelson Championship in May at the age of 22 .	Stewart Cink promises "  fiercely competitive " British Open defense at St Andrews Cink says he was inspired by Lucas Glover in 2009 Turnberry success The Open will celebrate its 150th anniversary at the home of golf next week Two-time winner Greg Norman pulls out of tournament with a shoulder injury
CNN  -- An audio message purportedly from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden has accused President Barack Obama of being unable to fulfil his election pledge to pull U.S. troops out of Iraq . Osama bin Laden is seen in an image taken from a videotape that aired on Al-Jazeera in September 2003 . The tape emerged on radical Islamist Web sites , just two days after the United States marked the eighth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . "  To the American people , this is my message to you : a reminder of the reasons behind 9/11 and the wars and the repercussions that followed and the way to resolve it , " the message said . "  From the beginning , we have stated many times ... that the cause of our disagreement with you is your support of your allies , the Israelis , who are occupying our land in Palestine . Your stance along with some other grievances are what led us to carry out the events of 9/11 . " The video plays the audio over a undated photograph of bin Laden . The video also shows a banner with the American flag as the backdrop and an image of the New York City skyline with the twin towers of the World Trade Center -- destroyed in the 9/11 attack -- still standing , said terrorism analyst Laura Mansfield . CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the 11-minute video posted on Sunday by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda 's production company . Watch CNN 's Octavia Nasr 's analysis of the message " Obama was "  a vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war , as he promised , but instead he will drag it to the maximum possible extent , " the message said . Though U.S. troops no longer patrol Iraq 's major cities and a large number have left , tens of thousands remain in the country and are expected to stay for years to come . The message claims that the Obama administration is under the influence of the Republican White House it replaced , pointing out that the president kept Robert Gates as defense secretary -- a holdover from the Bush administration . "  Prolong the wars as much as you like . By God , we will never compromise on it  Palestine  , ever , " the message continued . Mansfield noted that the video brings no new images of the elusive bin Laden , who was last seen in footage two years ago on the sixth anniversary of the terror attacks . Bin Laden has released audio messages since then , most recently on June 9 .	Obama is "  vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war as he promised " Message : "  By God , we will never compromise on it  Palestine  , ever " CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the video Al Qaeda 's production company , As-Sahab Media , posts the 11-minute video
Mthatha , South Africa  CNN  -- Nelson Mandela 's grandson lost a court battle Wednesday against other members of his family over where three of the former South African leader 's deceased children should be buried . A judge in Mthatha , South Africa , dismissed an application by Nkosi Zwelivelile Mandela , which means the grandson must return the remains of the three Mandela relatives to their graves in Qunu . The grandson , also known as Mandla , is accused of exhuming and relocating the bodies in 2011 to Mvezo , Nelson Mandela 's birthplace . He issued a statement saying he 'll abide by the court decision but continue "  to fight for his right to put on record his side of the story . " A statement issued on Mandla 's behalf said he is "  disappointed that to date he has not been granted an opportunity to respond to the court order granted against him by the Mthatha High Court . He has maintained that the papers were not properly served on him and therefore he has as a result been denied the right to respond to the contents of the court application against him . " The court battle played out as Nelson Mandela remains in critical condition at a Pretoria hospital .	The court says Mandela 's grandson must return family remains to Qunu Mandla Mandela says he 'll abide by the ruling Nelson Mandela is ailing at a Pretoria hospital
CNN  -- Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti has backed his # 50 million  $ 80.5 million  striker Fernando Torres to live up to his price tag after the Spain striker 's disappointing debut against his former club Liverpool . Chelsea slumped to a 1-0 home defeat with Torres giving an ineffectual display on his debut at Stamford Bridge , being substituted just after the hour mark . Torres wasted a chance in the second minute and his partnership with Didier Drogba did not live up to the pre-match hype . But Ancelotti pleaded for patience , saying his new striker had been in training with his new teammates for just three days ahead of the English Premier League with Liverpool . "  Torres did a good job but we had difficulty to find space because Liverpool defended very well . They put three defenders in the middle and we could n't attack them , " Ancelotti told his club 's official television channel . "  He has experience and confidence . He did n't show problems or nerves before the game . He was excited to play . We have to give him time to adjust to the shape . He will do it quickly . " The defeat leaves defending champions Chelsea still 10 points adrift of leaders Manchester United , with games running out but Ancelotti is hoping Torres and the other new signing , central defender David Luiz , will be up to the task . ` We have fantastic players with fantastic ability . It was a difficult game , obviously we are disappointed , but both Fernando Torres and David Luiz will be the future for this club , ' Ancelotti added . Torres admitted that Liverpool 's tactics of deploying three central defenders had proved effective . "  They played with three at the back and maybe we were n't expecting that , " he told Chelsea TV . "  But we have to keep fighting to the end and there are a lot of points still to be won , " he added . Meanwhile , Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish was delighted by his team 's performance in a fourth straight win but dismissed talk of Torres ' departure being an extra incentive . "  I came here to get three points , whether Carlo Ancelotti was playing up front or anyone else does n't matter . "  He  Torres  had one shot on target when Jamie Carragher did a fantastic block tackle but I 'm not here to talk any somebody else 's players , " he told reporters . Liverpool have moved up to a season-high sixth in the standings after their superb recent run under Dalglish .	Carlo Ancelotti insists his new signing Fernando Torres will live up to $ 80m price tag Torres made a disappointing debut in 1-0 home defeat to his old team Liverpool Spain World Cup striker Torres admits Liverpool 's tactics caught his side out Liverpool have won four straight in the league under new boss Kenny Dalglish
CNN  -- Brian McLaughlin used to arrive 20 minutes early to on-site client meetings . He would drive around the parking lot to find a space close to the building , and then go inside to cool off from the short walk . The extra weight he was carrying made him sweat constantly inside his suit . McLaughlin had struggled with weight his entire life . At age 10 he weighed 140 pounds ; at age 20 he was 280 pounds . By 30 , he had reached his heaviest weight of 330 pounds . In 2010 , McLaughlin moved from Ireland to New York , after landing a job as software architect for the New York Stock Exchange . He went out for lunch and dinner with his new American co-workers in an attempt to socialize and make friends -- sacrificing all hopes of eating healthy . "  I was living a bachelor lifestyle , " says McLaughlin . "  I would eat and drink a lot , which played havoc with the weight . " He tried The Atkins Diet and Weight Watchers but nothing seemed to click . He watched as his mother lost 50 pounds on a diet program called Slimming World , which advocates dieting without deprivation of the foods you like . And he saw his girlfriend shed 100 pounds on Weight Watchers . Seeing living proof that people can lose weight inspired him to make some changes of his own . A social sacrifice It was tough to stop going out to eat for lunch and dinner , McLaughlin says . He used to go out with his co-worker a couple of times a week and indulge in a half-dozen strong cocktails before  and after  lavish three-course meals . "  I 'd usually have an appetizer of cured meats , the largest available steak , or a rack of lamb for mains , a side of vegetables sautÃ © ed in butter or oil , rich desserts like molten chocolate lava cake or chocolate ganache and a cheese board with dessert wine to finish , " says McLaughlin . Between the two of them , McLaughlin says they would split three bottles of wine with dinner . "  I ca n't remember a meal where I walked away not feeling completely stuffed to the point of almost being sick , " he says . "  Dinner and drinks used to add up to 5,000 calories alone . " Now he follows the Slimming World plan and prepares his meals at home . They usually consist of fruit and either chicken rubbed with dry spices , or fillet and broccoli or cauliflower . When he does eat out , he chooses carefully . "  I love the dining experience and social aspect , " says McLaughlin . "  But I realize a 6 - or 8-ounce filet is more than enough now . " He also tries to skip cocktail hour . "  Now I tend to drink wine only , and I enjoy and savor the taste instead of just drinking for the sake and experience , " McLaughlin says . Different diet , same result McLaughlin 's girlfriend , Allison Dressler , says she found it hard to cook in the beginning of their relationship due to their different diet meal plans . She followed Weight Watchers , which focuses on a point system to limit calories . For Slimming World , McLaughlin would worry about every drop of oil , butter or cooking spray because those were restricted under the diet plan . "  As we cooked more and more we realized a lot of the things he eats are actually good for me , " says Dressler . "  And a lot of things I eat are n't that bad for him , either . " Neither Dressler nor McLaughlin have gym memberships ; they simply walk a few miles a couple of days of the week . McLaughlin did n't want to drastically change his workout plan because he feared he would n't be able to stay motivated . "  It 's hard to go to the gym after work , " he says . "  I really wanted to focus on controlling my eating habits more than anything . " That strategy worked . In the last three years , McLaughlin has lost 140 pounds . McLaughlin now goes to work more than two hours earlier than he used to and finishes earlier , which has increased his productivity . "  I do n't feel that constant sluggish feeling anymore , " he says . His energy has also increased dramatically ; he no longer lies in bed watching The Food Network until the afternoon . When he first moved to New York , his only hobby was eating and drinking -- now he spends his weekends researching farmers markets to visit , chili festivals , wine stores and fruit-picking spots . The couple recently went on vacation and chose to walk to their terminal rather than take the moving pavements like they use to . Dressler says its these small changes that make the biggest differences . "  A lot of my life still revolves around food and drink , but it 's no longer destructive , " says McLaughlin . Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	McLaughlin has struggled with weight his entire life After seeing family members ' weight loss , he tried a program called Slimming World He has lost about 140 pounds in three years McLaughlin says his weight loss has improved his career and made him more productive
CNN  -- Concerns about the Ebola virus were heightened Sunday when a health care worker in Texas had a positive preliminary test for the disease . The worker 's case marks the first known transmission of Ebola in the United States and the second diagnosis in the country . With developments pouring in from all corners of the world , here 's what you need to know to quickly get caught up : U.S. CASES New case in Texas : A person who helped to treat Thomas Eric Duncan may be the first person to contract the disease while in the United States . The health care worker from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital tested positive in a preliminary test Saturday after reporting a low-grade fever Friday . The CDC is working to confirm the diagnosis . CDC head says protocols work : Dr. Tom Frieden , the director of the CDC , told reporters Sunday that the health care worker who appears to have contracted in Ebola was infected because of a breach in protocols . He mentioned that one of the times that people working in protective clothing are at risk is when they are taking off their gear , but he said CDC investigators are working to determine what happened . "  The protocols work . ... But we know that even a single lapse or breach can result in infection , " he said . NBC cameraman 's condition improving : Doctors at a Nebraska hospital are pleased with the progress being made by NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia . Mukpo , an American citizen , is receiving an experimental drug called brincidofovir , or CMX001 . "  With the Ebola virus , you never relax completely , but we think he has made great progress , " said Dr. Phil Smith with The Nebraska Medical Center , where Mukpo is being treated . Earlier , Smith had said that Mukpo 's condition had "  slightly improved . " "  He 's been taking in some fluids and drinking Gatorade . But everyone needs to be reminded that this is still a very serious illness we 're dealing with and no one has a lot of experience treating it , " Smith said . Meanwhile , the NBC crew that had been with Mukpo -- and had made an agreement to voluntarily self-confine themselves -- apparently broke its word . "  Unfortunately , the NBC crew violated this agreement and so the Department of Health Friday evening issued a mandatory quarantine order to ensure that the crew will remain confined until October 22 , " the New Jersey Department of Health said in a statement . "  The NBC crew remains symptom-free , so there is no reason for concern of exposure to the community , " it read . Massachusetts patient exhibits possible Ebola symptoms : A patient who has been to Liberia presented himself Sunday at a medical center in Braintree , Massachusetts , complaining of headache and muscle aches . "  Out of an abundance of caution , we immediately notified authorities and the patient was securely removed from the building and put into an ambulance now headed to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center . The building was closed briefly but has now reopened , " Ben Kruskal , chief of infectious disease at Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates , said in a statement . Lab samples have to sent to the CDC for Ebola testing , said Kelly Lawman , spokeswoman for Beth Israel Deaconess . The medical center later issued a statement that said the patient does not appear to be at high risk for Ebola , and the likelihood the patient has the disease is "  extremely low . " New travel screening : Five of America 's biggest , busiest airports are beefing up measures . On Saturday , people arriving from the three nations hardest hit by Ebola started getting special screening , including having their temperature taken , at New York 's JFK airport . "  That screening went smoothly , " Frieden said Sunday . "  There are a lot of lessons being learned through that to make sure that screening goes smoothly for passengers , other passengers . " Washington 's Dulles , Newark , Chicago 's O'Hare and Atlanta international airports will begin screening Thursday . Cuban doctors train , then fight Ebola in Africa WEST AFRICA No relief in sight : The number of deaths attributed to the current Ebola outbreak has climbed to 4,033 , the World Health Organization reported Friday . The tally brings the total number of confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola to 8,399 . The numbers were reported from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States . Complete coverage on Ebola U.S. troops arrive in Liberia : A group of 90 U.S. Marines and airmen arrived in Liberia on Thursday to help Ebola response efforts , along with four V-22 Osprey aircraft and two C-130 transport planes . Their arrival brings the total number of U.S. troops deployed in Liberia to 334 , military spokesman Lt. Col. Dave Doherty said . There are more coming . In late October , 700 troops from the 101st Airborne Division are scheduled to deploy to Liberia . U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia IN OTHER COUNTRIES Spain Ebola patient has no significant change in condition : Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who is the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , "  is conscious and talking " but was in "  stable but serious " condition Saturday after taking a turn for the worse earlier in the week . She has been treated with the anti-influenza drug Avigan , hospital sources with knowledge of the case said . Sporadic infections unavoidable , the WHO says : Sporadic Ebola infections will be unavoidable in some European countries because of direct travel from their hubs to hotspot areas in West Africa , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . But the risk of spread , it said , is avoidable and extremely low . United Kingdom : The UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar railway terminals will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , a government spokesman said . Screening will involve assessing passengers ' recent travel history , who they have been in contact with and future travel arrangements , as well as a possible assessment performed by medical personnel . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Joe Sutton , Ray Sanchez , Greg Botelho , Alexander Felton , Khushbu Shah , Saskya Vandoorne , Richard Quest , Brent Swails and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Massachusetts patient does not appear to be at high risk for Ebola NBC crew exposed to Ebola patient now under mandatory quarantine NBC cameraman with Ebola "  has made great progress , " says Nebraska doctor Airport screenings started Saturday at JFK airport ; CDC head says they went well
Glasgow , Scotland  CNN  -- The Roman Catholic Church has not been vigilant enough or fast enough in responding to the problem of sexual abuse by priests , Pope Benedict XVI said Thursday . "  These revelations were for me a shock and a great sadness . It is difficult to understand how this perversion of the priestly ministry was possible , " he told reporters aboard his plane to Scotland . "  How a man who has done this and said this can fall into this perversion is difficult to understand . " He added , "  It is also a great sadness that the authorities of the church were not sufficiently vigilant and insufficiently quick and decisive in taking the necessary measures . " British people feel overwhelmingly that the pope has not done enough to punish priests who abuse children , according to a ComRes poll for CNN released as Benedict arrived in the country . Three out of four British people -- and two out of three Catholics in the country -- say he should do more to punish abusive clergy . Critics of the church were quick to pounce on the pope 's remarks . "  It 's disingenuous to say church officials have been slow and insufficiently vigilant in dealing with clergy sex crimes and cover ups . On the contrary , they 've been prompt and vigilant , but in concealing , not preventing , these horrors , " said Joelle Casteix of SNAP , the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests . Another campaigner took aim at the pontiff personally . "  The pope affects the stance of a shocked bystander , when in fact he has been for decades the church 's central handler of sex abuse cases , " said Terence McKiernan of BishopAccountability , a group that tracks reports of abuse by priests . The pope made the comments as he arrived for a historic four-day state visit to Britain , where the issue of abuse , and the Vatican 's perceived lack of response to it , has created anger . But there was a warm welcome for him on a cold afternoon in Glasgow , Scotland , for the first major mass of his visit . Tens of thousands turned out to hear him preach , with members of the faithful describing it as a "  happy day " and calling it a "  great honor " that he had come . Benedict elaborated in Glasgow on what 's expected to be a major theme of his visit , the value of religion in a society that he sees as increasingly secular . "  There are some who now seek to exclude religious belief from public discourse , to privatize it or even to paint it as a threat to equality and liberty , " he said in his homily . "  Yet religion is in fact a guarantee of authentic liberty and respect . " He also urged bishops to look after their priests -- possibly an oblique reference to the sex abuse scandal -- and warned young people against the temptations of "  drugs , money , sex , pornography , alcohol -- which the world tells you will bring you happiness , yet these things are destructive and divisive . " Benedict started his visit in Edinburgh , where he held a meeting with the queen and greeted thousands who turned out to see him on the streets of the Scottish city . Queen Elizabeth II shook hands with the pope at her Scottish residence near Edinburgh , the Palace of Holyroodhouse , before they sat down for a private meeting . A military marching band played the national anthem God Save the Queen , for which the pope removed his white cap . The pope used relatively strong language in a speech delivered after the meeting , reflecting on the "  sobering lessons of the atheist extremism " of the 20th century . He reminded the media of its "  greater responsibility than most " to promote peace and the spread of human rights , and he reminded the country of its "  deep Christian roots " that he said are still present in "  every layer " of British life . "  Today , the United Kingdom strives to be a modern and multicultural society , " the pope said . "  In this challenging enterprise , may it always maintain its respect for those traditional values and cultural expressions that more aggressive forms of secularism no longer value or even tolerate . Let it not obscure the Christian foundation that underpins its freedoms . " Those comments , too , resulted in "  disappointment " from the British Humanist Association , which said the notion that atheism "  somehow fuels intolerance in Britain today is a terrible libel against those who do not believe in God . " The National Secular Society said British secularism "  is not something to criticize , but to celebrate . " "  We have rejected dogmatic religion devoid of compassion , " the group said in a statement . "  In its place we have embraced and included gay people and given them the right to full equality , given women the right to control their own fertility , given scientists a free hand to seek cures for horrific diseases by the use of stem-cell research . " Though a pope has visited Britain once before -- Pope John Paul II in 1982 -- this is considered the first state visit by a pope to Britain because it comes at the invitation of the queen , not the Catholic Church , as was the case 28 years ago . Benedict 's September 16-19 trip is scheduled to include meetings with political leaders , royalty , and bridge-building events with Anglican Church officials . It will culminate in the beatification of British Cardinal John Henry Newman , a Catholic convert who died in 1890 and is credited with helping rebuild Britain 's Catholic community . Assistant Chief Constable Fiona Taylor , of Scotland 's Strathclyde Police , said earlier this week that she estimated only 65,000 pilgrims would attend the Mass there , short of an initially anticipated 100,000 . There has already been widespread outcry over the estimated 12 million pounds  $ 18.7 million  British taxpayers are having to pay for the visit , though Christopher Patten , the prime minister 's representative for the papal visit , has pointed out that one day of last year 's G-20 summit in London cost 20 million pounds . Criticism has also focused on the armed police squads needed to protect a religious figurehead previously targeted by attackers . Along with anger about the Vatican 's response to child and sexual abuse , there is criticism over the pope being granted a state visit , given the Catholic Church 's attitudes towards gender equality and homosexuality . Catholic leaders and government officials have defended the trip , with Prime Minister David Cameron saying Britain and the Vatican have "  incredibly important work to do together " in promoting a "  multi-faith dialogue . " CNN 's Phil Black and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Critics call his comments disingenuous and say he knew about the abuse Pope : The church has not been vigilant or fast enough to respond He describes "  sadness " and says the abuse is difficult to understand The pope is visiting England and Scotland for four days
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors charged two men with plotting a "  killing spree " against African-Americans that would have been capped with an attempt to kill Sen. Barack Obama while they wore white tuxedos , federal officials said Monday . Paul Schlesselman , left , and Daniel Cowart said they planned to kill more than 100 African-Americans . The U.S. attorney 's office in Jackson , Tennessee , said Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18 , were self-described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend . Both men have been charged with illegal possession of a sawed-off shotgun , conspiracy to rob a federally licensed gun dealer and making threats against a presidential candidate . The men planned to kill more than 100 African-Americans , including 14 who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit . But federal law enforcement sources said there was no evidence Cowart , of Bells , Tennessee , and Schlesselman , of West Helena , Arkansas , had any details of Obama 's schedule . "  We take this very , very seriously but we see no evidence these guys have the ability or the wherewithal to pull off what they say they wanted to do , " one law enforcement source said . According to an affidavit from the federal agent who questioned them , Cowart and Schlesselman planned to charge at Obama with a car , firing from the windows as they went . They would be dressed in white tuxedos and top hats during the attempt , the affidavit states . Cowart and Schlesselman were arrested outside Jackson , about 75 miles east of Memphis , Tennessee , after an aborted robbery attempt last week , according to court records . Though they told investigators they would be willing to die in their mission , the men backed out of their October 21 attempt to rob the gun dealer after spotting two cars and a dog at the home , the affidavit states . The men also shot out the window of a church on their way back to Cowart 's grandfather 's home , where they were arrested the next day . Cowart and Schlesselman made their initial appearances before a federal judge Monday and are scheduled for a bond hearing Thursday in Memphis . Obama , an Illinois Democrat , is the first African-American nominee to lead a major-party ticket and was placed under Secret Service protection in May 2007 , far earlier than other candidates . Eric Zahren , a spokesman for the Secret Service , said it was unclear whether the suspects would have had the capability or means to carry out any sort of plot . But he said the matter was being taken seriously , and a joint investigation was under way . There was no indication either had attended any Obama event or had drawn Secret Service attention in the past , Zahren said . Campaign spokeswoman Linda Douglass said , "  We never comment on security matters . " Threats against Obama have led to arrests in two previous cases . In one , federal prosecutors concluded that the three people arrested with drugs and weapons in a suburban Denver motel posed a "  true threat " to the candidate . In the second , a Florida man was charged with threatening bodily harm against the candidate in August . He has pleaded not guilty . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King contributed to this report .	Plot included killing 100 African-Americans , beheading 14 , officials say Plot was to end with attempt to kill Obama while wearing white , police say Law enforcement sources sees no evidence men could pull off plot Federal prosecutors charge Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18
CNN  -- "  The Sound of Music Live ! " has become the new definition of "  hate-watching . " Anyone with a Twitter account has noticed the tidal wave of tweets about NBC 's TV event , which aired for three hours on Thursday night , but that ca n't exactly be taken as a good sign .  You know a TV show is n't going well when live tweets from DiGiorno Pizza are considered one of the best parts . From the moment NBC announced its live TV version of the Broadway classic , a number of "  Sound of Music " fans responded with a resounding "  why ?! " So when the network unveiled its one-take-only "  Sound of Music " on Thursday -- starring Carrie Underwood and Stephen Moyer in the untouchable roles of Maria and Captain Von Trapp -- it seems viewers were primed to tear the production to shreds from its opening note . And shred it they did . Critics have commended country star Underwood for attempting live theater without acting experience , but they have n't been able to ignore the result . "  As her multiple Grammys and her legion of country music fans will attest , the quality of Underwood 's singing voice is not the problem , " said USA Today 's TV critic Robert Bianco . "  It 's that she does n't know how to use that voice to sing in character , or what to do with her face when she 's trying . " Even though it 's been repeated that NBC was re-creating the stage version of "  Sound of Music , " rather than the beloved 1965 film starring Julie Andrews , the comparisons between the TV musical and the movie were inevitable . At one point , Underwood had to go on the record to tell her critics that she 's completely aware she is not Andrews . "  I would never pretend that I was , " the "  American Idol " champ recently told Entertainment Weekly . "  I know my place . " Yet that place may not have been in such an iconic role . There are some things that are so revered in pop culture it 's nearly criminal to try to re-introduce them  see : the widely reviled plan to create a sequel to "  It 's A Wonderful Life "  . Underwood is an undeniable talent , but the singer is now facing complaints for even attempting to portray the young nun . "  When Carrie Underwood stepped out on the  wooded , not grassy  hills and started singing , I wished the hills were alive with the sound of hungry mountain lions , " said Time magazine in a review . "  Why was n't she Julie Andrews ? Is being Julie Andrews so much to ask for ? No chic pixie cut either . Heidi braids . " The Hollywood Reporter wondered if it was "  perhaps unfair to ask so much of Underwood , to have to make Maria 's journey in three scant hours . " And , to make matters worse , "  True Blood 's " Moyer -- so familiar to audiences as vampire Bill that some viewers found it difficult to see the actor as anyone else -- did n't live up to expectations , either . "  Moyer is a better singer than Russell Crowe , " said THR . "  But he 's no Hugh Jackman . Or Neil Patrick Harris . Or Taye Diggs . Or even Nathan Fillion . His attempt at conveying an emotional hollowness just reads as mildly constipated , his furrowed eyes and pursed lips doing all the work . He does n't look stoic , he just looks clenched . " So it was n't a home run . But that 's not to say that there were n't highlights , with Audra McDonald 's spectacular performance being chief among them . Some have emerged has defenders of the show -- the first attempt at a live TV musical production in almost 50 years -- while a few more have tweeted their hope that the intense criticism of the production wo n't stop NBC or other major broadcast networks from giving live theater in primetime another try . As for Underwood , it sounds like she slept well after going off the air Thursday . "  Glory to God tonight ... I could n't be more proud , " she tweeted . "  What a tough thing to pull off and we did it ! I am so blessed !!! "	"  The Sound of Music Live ! " has been eviscerated on Twitter Critics were n't in love with the live TV event either Carrie Underwood and Stephen Moyer starred in the iconic roles Underwood is "  proud " of their performance
CNN  -- FBI agents have executed 40 search warrants throughout the United States as part of an investigation into recent coordinated cyber attacks targeting major companies , the agency said . The United Kingdom 's Metropolitan Police Service executed additional search warrants and arrested five people for their alleged role in the attacks , the FBI said in a statement Thursday . A group calling itself "  Anonymous " has claimed responsibility for the attacks , the FBI said . The attacks were allegedly carried out by people who are active supporters of WikiLeaks , but are not affiliated with the website , a federal law enforcement source said . Late last year , the group launched take-down campaigns against organizations that have shunned the site WikiLeaks . Under the banner "  Operation Payback , " the Anonymous group successfully crashed MasterCard.com and strained the websites of Visa and PayPal . Anonymous allegedly makes its attacks not through hacking , but merely by directing a giant traffic surge to the targeted website . That 's called a DDoS attack , short for distributed denial-of-service -- and it 's hard for most websites to defend against . "  The attacks were facilitated by software tools the group makes available for free download on the internet , " the FBI said in a statement . Facilitating or conducting such attacks is illegal and punishable by up to 10 years in prison , the FBI said . CNNMoney 's Julianne Pepitone contributed to this report .	The alleged attackers are part of a group that calls itself "  Anonymous , " the FBI says Source : The attacks were allegedly carried about by active supporters of WikiLeaks The group makes tools available online to flood websites with traffic , the FBI alleges
