CNN  -- Ryan Hunter-Reay won the Indy 500 Sunday , holding off three-time champion Helio Castroneves at the finish line . The margin of victory was .06 seconds , the second-closest finish in the race 's history . "  I knew we had a good race car . We ran to the front ; I was just biding my time , " said Hunter-Reay , who started 19th . "  We did everything right today . I 'm thrilled . This is as big as a championship for me . " Marco Andretti , the third generation of the famous motor racing family to race at the Brickyard , finished third and is still looking for his first victory at the historic event in Indianapolis . Castroneves was trying for a record-tying fourth win in the IndyCar race . A.J. Foyt , Rick Mears and Al Unser Sr. are the other men to win four Indy 500s . "  Second is good , " Castroneves said of his high finish in the Indianapolis 500 . "  But second sucks . " The race was a back-and-forth battle between Hunter-Reay and Castroneves after a restart from a red flag that halted the race with 10 laps to go . After the race went back to green with six laps remaining , they traded places several times with Hunter-Reay reclaiming the top spot just before the final lap began . It was Hunter-Reay 's first win in the 200-lap race . Last year , he was third , his best finish in the event until Sunday . Carlos Munoz was fourth . Juan Pablo Montoya was fifth . Kurt Busch , who was also driving in NASCAR 's Coca-Cola 600 on Sunday evening , was sixth .	Ryan Hunter-Reay credits team for doing everything right Finish to 200-lap race was second-closest in Indy 500 history Runner-up and three-time champion Helio Castroneves says coming in second "  sucks " Third place to Marco Andretti
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal has banned women under the age of 30 from working in Persian Gulf nations amid increasing concerns over abuse and exploitation . Nepalese women are among thousands of Asians who travel to the Middle East in search of employment . They often arrive willingly , but subsequently face conditions that the U.S. State Department says is indicative of forced labor -- the withholding of passports , restrictions on movement , nonpayment of wages for work up to 20 hours a day , threats , deprivation of food and sleep , and physical or sexual abuse . The age bar is aimed at preventing some of the abuse , Raj Kishore Yadav , Nepal 's minister of information and communication , said Thursday . He said the hope is that the risks are lower with more mature women . The Nepalese government says 58,000 Nepalese women are working in these Gulf states -- Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar , United Arab Emirates and Oman . However , human rights agencies estimate that number at about 200,000 , saying that the official figure does not take into account all those who have traveled illegally , many through India . Nepal had imposed a complete ban on women working in the Gulf states after the suicide of a domestic worker , but lifted those restrictions in 2010 . Read more : Burmese migrant workers dream of returning home Recently , CNN spoke with a Nepalese woman who was beaten and raped by her employer in Kuwait and managed to escape to the Nepalese embassy . Kumari , who is not fully identified because she is a victim of sexual abuse , returned home pregnant . "  My landlord would beat me , they  he and his wife  both would beat me , " she said . "  My body would ache . " One day , she said , the landlord came home when the rest of the family was out , and called her into the bathroom . When she refused he came to her . "  He beat me up , " she said . "  First he covered my mouth so I could not scream . " After he raped her , Kumari said , she asked for her passport . "  He would n't give it to me , " she said . Human Rights Watch , which has documented abuse of Asian women workers in Middle Eastern nations , says Nepal 's age limit policy does not go far enough to address the gravity of the problem . "  Imposing a ban on women under 30 from migrating to the Gulf fails to solve the underlying problem of how desperate women are for decent work , " said Nisha Varia , senior researcher for the rights group 's Women 's Rights Division . Varia said she once visited a hospital in Kuwait that had an entire ward devoted to domestic workers who had spinal cord and back injuries from botched escape attempts or attempted suicide from high-rise residential buildings . Read more : Booming Brazil lures immigrant workers She said the priority should be not to set limits but to work to improve working conditions and local justice systems . "  Instead of a blanket ban on its own women that denies them important employment opportunities , Nepal 's government should work with other labor-sending governments to demand stronger protections for migrant workers in the Gulf , " Varia said . Migrant worker advocate Manju Gurung agreed . "  We are not happy with the decision , " said Gurung , who heads Pourakhi , a Nepalese agency that promotes the welfare of women migrant workers . "  This is a protectionist approach , " she said . "  The government should negotiate with destination countries and have bilateral agreements . There is a demand for women workers . " About 2.5 million Nepalese who work abroad , other than in India , contribute 21.4 % of the Nepal 's GDP , according to the government . Remittances from the Gulf play a huge role in the Himalayan nation , where about 30 % of the people are unemployed . "  The government is right to be concerned about abuse against migrant women , but the correct response is not to stop them from going , but to ensure they can migrate with guarantees for their safety , " Varia said . Journalist Manesh Shrestha reported from Kathmandu and CNN 's Moni Basu , from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Nepal 's government hopes the risks of abuse will be lower with more mature women Widespread exploitation of domestic workers in Gulf states has been documented The ban does not solve the underlying problem , says a Human Rights Watch researcher A migrant workers ' advocate says Nepal should ensure improved working conditions for women
OPRAH.com  -- If we could each pick a few songs to banish from our heads , Diana de Vegh would nominate all those soggy old refrains that say there 's one -- and only one -- true love for each of us : our better half , our shining knight , the person we 'll be lost without . That line of thought , says de Vegh , a therapist in private practice in New York , is n't benignly corny -- it 's harmful , feeding what she calls the myth of love scarcity . "  In the scarcity model , where there 's only one person out there , we 're all competing for the guy who 's rich and handsome , " she says . Our relationships become fear based : We obsess and clutch instead of creating an environment in which two people try to unfold . Oprah.com : 4 ways to finally get through to your man De Vegh , a casually elegant woman with penetrating blue eyes , meets with clients in her Greenwich Village office , where richly textured wall hangings , a deep purple sofa , and a fireplace give evidence of a delight in color and comfort as well as an assured originality . Her strong sense of self was hard-won : The reason she has thought so much about how we can separate romantic passion from the misconceptions that often surround it is that she 's seen for herself how damaging they are . As a very young woman , de Vegh was swept into an affair with then president John F. Kennedy -- perhaps the ultimate fairy-tale prince . Her own experiences , and those of so many of the women she has counseled over the past 15 years , have sharpened her insights into the ways fantasy romance , rather than completing us , undoes us . "  Love is the ideological bone women have been thrown , " she says , meaning that in our society , men often get the real power while women are fed the false promises of "  magic candy " romance -- that someone special will shower us with attention , give us our identity , read our mind , and intuit our needs . "  Mind reading , " she says , "  is useful between a mother and an infant but not in a sexual relationship between adults . " Oprah.com : Should you really tell him everything ? When you want someone who can anticipate your thoughts and desires , you 're really looking for an idealized parent -- usually a combination of Mommy and Daddy wrapped into one . "  For years , I was looking for men who would think I was charming and make me feel safe -- like Daddy 's best girl , " she says . The craving for that kind of attention is rampant . "  I see women all the time who say they 're looking for romantic relationships , but I believe they 're really looking to be parented . We all want to feel special and dear , with our foibles bathed in the loving glow of a doting father , " she says . "  At the same time that we want Daddy 's strong arms , we also want a mother 's sweetness and tenderness . " And when the romance goes south , she says , you end up feeling like a child who 's been abandoned and is lost . "  We all naturally fall in love with a handsome , married man -- our fathers , " she says . "  They bring us out into the world . And if we 're secure , we grow up to want something more interesting than parent-child love ; we want an adult partnership . " But the precondition for that , she says , is a good relationship with ourselves . It 's when you view yourself as powerless , with your worth dependent on how someone else treats you , that love gets corrupted , de Vegh says . "  Letting men determine who we are is the negative hinge that turns desire into vulnerability , changes our bodies from sites of pleasure to sites of betrayal , and transforms solitude into loneliness . I think that when people say they 're lonely , what they 're really saying is that they do n't like their own company . And something should be done about that , because if you do n't like your own company , then you 're the victim of whoever passes by . " Oprah.com : 4 steps to healthy communication De Vegh suggests we create abundant lives for ourselves , and subscribes to what she calls the salad theory . "  Just as a salad needs some lettuce , a little tomato , cucumber , this and that , a full life involves friends , work , arts , and community . When I ask clients , ` What do you believe you can only get from him ? ' they say , ` He 's so interested , he listens to me , he thinks I 'm special , we do things together . ' We can do things with zillions of people . Why is it that only he can get you doing things ? "  There 's no scarcity of love , " she says . "  We can find it with our coworkers , with our friends and families , in our dance class . We can love what the world offers us ; we can love our own vitality . And without question , there can be passionate love between a man and a woman , where you open your heart and soul and you can be yourself -- your 7-year-old self , your 30-year-old self , your 60-year-old self . And he can say , ' I get you , and here I am . Sometimes I act like a spoiled brat , and sometimes I 'm a straight-up guy . ' " But the relationship has to be an "  emotional peership " between partners who are already working toward becoming fuller and fuller individuals . Such a union requires both heart and mind , which is why de Vegh is wary of unexamined attraction . "  Often what we call chemistry is a mix of familiarity and anxiety , and it can be an excuse for not having to think , " she says . "  Feelings are great , but we also have brains so we can decide what to do with those feelings . Now when someone comes into my office and says , ` Oh , we looked at each other , and I so knew this man , ' I think that maybe what she recognized was , for instance , the withholding narcissism of her father . "  If we really had such good parents that we felt filled up with self-respect and the ability to engage in the world , we would n't be waiting to be bowled over by chemistry . We 'd be saying , ` Oh , you look like a good and interesting person . Here 's what I think about the world ; what do you think ? ' We would n't be looking to get our needs met . Adults meet their own needs . " Oprah.com : The art of self-exposure Having seen so many women devastated by the end of an affair -- "  They feel they 've failed , and that the halo they were given is gone " -- de Vegh is adamant that we not label ourselves as losers in love . "  At the church I used to go to , they always said faith enters through a wound . I think wisdom comes through our wounds , that our wounds have to turn into our blessings , " she says . "  They make us soft and aware so we can say , ` Oh , yes , I learned that . ' If it turns out that you and your partner have a different view of reality , that 's good to know . You can honor that , and find someone who shares your view . If you 're losing yourself in a relationship and he has all the power , it 's important to take the self-respecting action of leaving and learning from the experience . " The best thing that can happen after a breakup is that you declare , I give up any hope of ever being parented the way I wish I 'd been when I was a child . "  You might have to grieve for that loss , " she says . "  And there will be moments in a healthy partnership when you can say , ` I 'm brain-dead and hysterical . Draw me a bath and put in some rubber duckies . ' " But that 's temporary . We have to give up the longing to be the child in the relationship , she says . The good news is that once we do , we 're free to find love that 's genuinely pleasure based . "  We each have a potential song in us , " de Vegh says -- one that can find its unique expression after we drop the sour chord of scarcity , dependency , and fear . Oprah.com : How to communicate with your husband By Dawn Raffel from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2011 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Diana de Vegh says that the "  one true love " myth leads to a harmful scarcity complex "  In the scarcity model , we 're all competing for the guy who 's rich and handsome " Wanting someone who can anticipate your thoughts is really looking for an idealized parent De Vegh : "  We have to give up the longing to be the child in the relationship "
CNN  India made the perfect start to its defense of cricket 's World Cup with an emphatic 76-run victory over arch-rival Pakistan in a Pool B opener in Adelaide Sunday . Inspired by a century from man-of-the-match Virat Kohli , India piled up 300 for seven wickets in its 50 overs , with Pakistan dismissed for 224 in 47 overs . The match was played before a sell-out crowd of over 40,000 at the Adelaide Oval , the vast majority supporters of the two powerhouses of Asian cricket . Pakistan 's pursuit of a formidable total on a slow wicket was hampered by indifferent batting against a persistent Indian bowling attack , led by paceman Mohammed Shami , who took four wickets for 35 runs . Misbah-ul-Haq top-scored for Pakistan with 76 before giving Shami his fourth wicket , but he could find little support from its middle and lower order batsman and the result had an air of inevitably about it as wickets tumbled . Earlier , Kohli , given two chances when dropped on three and 76 , became the first Indian player to score a century against Pakistan in a World Cup match . He shared century stands with opener Shikhar Dhawan  73  and Suresh Raina , who smashed 74 off 56 balls against a wilting Pakistan bowling attack , with 83 runs coming off the final 10 overs . Sohail Khan led the Pakistan attack with five wickets for 55 runs , but was expensive in his closing overs . "  It 's one of the biggest wins of my career . It 's amazing to start like this , " said Kohli , who was scoring his 22nd one-day international century . "  Expectations of me will rise but I just look to stand up to it . "  I hate losing . I love to win and play for my country . My role is to play a long innings so that the power hitters can play with freedom , " he added . Watch : Can India win back-to-back World Cups ? Pakistan captain Misbah acknowledged his team had lost to the better side on the day . "  They played well , posted a good total and bowled well . When we lost wickets in the middle it made it hard , " he said . The opening weekend of the six-week long tournament has seen victories for joint hosts Australia and New Zealand against England and Sri Lanka respectively , while earlier Sunday South Africa beat Zimbabwe by 62 runs . The 14 teams in the World Cup , which is held over four years , are divided into two pools of seven teams each with the top four from each group qualifying for the quarterfinal knockout stage .	India beats Pakistan in World Cup cricket opener for both sides India is the reigning champion after 2011 triumph on home soil Virat Kohli century inspires 76-run victory in Adelaide Early victories for hosts Australia and New Zealand on opening weekend of tournament
CNN  -- In my 20s , after my doctor performed a laparoscopy to examine my uterus and ovaries , he gave me a videotape of the procedure . I dubbed it "  Madame Ovary , " threw a party and screened it for my friends . Three years ago , when my doctor sent me to have a colonoscopy , the last thing on my mind was seeing footage from the exam . At 39 , I was mortified about having a procedure that I associated with older people . I did n't even want to talk about it , let alone see it . But March is National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month , so I 'm coming clean . While drinking two liters of liquid that tastes like dirty sea water to evacuate my bowels does n't rank highly on my list of things to do , neither does dying from colon cancer . And having a colonoscopy , although unpleasant and embarrassing , was one of the best things I have ever done for my health . Of all cancers affecting both men and women , colorectal cancer -- cancer of the colon or rectum -- is the second-leading killer in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Overall , the lifetime risk of developing colorectal cancer is 1 in 20 , and up to 150,000 new cases a year are reported in the United States , the American Cancer Society says . A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that removing precancerous growths spotted during a colonoscopy can cut the risk of dying from colon cancer in half . More than 95 % of tumors are detected during a colonoscopy . Yet despite these statistics , people feel squeamish about the exam and tend to put it off . "  It 's a potentially embarrassing procedure . It 's not like an eye exam in terms of personal exposure , " said Dr. Anthony N. Kalloo , the director of gastroenterology and hepatology at The Johns Hopkins Hospital . The American Cancer Society and the American College of Physicians recommend that adults be screened for colorectal cancer starting at age 50 . Doctors urge people with a family history of colon cancer to begin screening much earlier . I guess I 'm an overachiever . While I do n't have a family history of that kind of cancer , I did have one of the common symptoms -- bleeding , a change in bowel habits , weight loss , poor appetite , bloating and/or abdominal pain -- that sent me running to my family doctor . He referred me to St. Jude 's Knott Family Endoscopy Center in Fullerton , California , for a colonoscopy . I ca n't describe the pure joy I felt at receiving THAT news . I did n't know too much about the procedure but what I did know sounded horrible . During a colonoscopy , a doctor examines the inside of the colon and rectum by inserting a colonoscope , a thin , flexible instrument that sends images to a TV screen or computer . In order for the doctor to do a thorough exam , the patient needs to prepare by fasting ; I drank only liquids the day before the exam . He or she may also be required to chug down a solution that will ... let 's just say keep them at home , near a bathroom . "  It literally takes a whole day away from your life , where you could be doing normal things and instead you are drinking this bowel prep that is uncomfortable and that limits your social life , " Kalloo said . Following the instructions I was given , I started fasting the day before the procedure . I was restricted to certain fluids and particular colors of Jell-O  nothing red or purple .  I spent the morning longing for my usual massive cup of coffee and substantial breakfast and instead downed water , Gatorade and chicken broth . Around 5 p.m. , the fun really started . I began drinking a liter of a polyethylene glycol  PEG  bowel prep . I had to down 8 ounces of this stuff every 15 minutes followed by 16 ounces of clear liquid . I drank another liter several hours later while trying not to vomit . The manufacturers said the solution was lemon-flavored ; it really resembled a noxious mix of chemicals that I can still taste to this day . Dr. Gene Yoon , my gastroenterologist , concedes that for most patients , the preparation is the worst part . Yoon and other physicians now use magnesium citrate , which he said requires patients to drink less , is easier to tolerate and works just as well . By the time I arrived at the Knott Family Endoscopy Center the next morning , I was nervous and praying the worst was over . It was . I do n't remember anything past the point where I was sedated . An IV solution sent me into a "  twilight sleep . " It also made me forget the procedure , which no doubt was for the best . When I woke up , I was groggy but I also felt incredibly well rested . I had only a small amount of discomfort , including abdominal cramping that doctors say is normal . I do n't remember getting dressed or leaving the hospital . But in my daze , I asked my father to swing by Starbucks to pick up a cup of coffee and a sandwich . When I got home , I dozed for a few hours and that was that . Yoon called the next day with my results : He 'd found and removed a 1.5 centimeter villous adenoma polyp from my sigmoid colon . After examining the polyp , Yoon estimated that there was a more than a 50 % chance of that polyp becoming malignant . Yoon removed the polyp before that had a chance of happening . Of all the polyps , villous adenomas are associated with the highest mortality and morbidity rate . I consider myself extremely lucky I had a symptom . If I had n't , I would n't have had a colonoscopy until I was at least 50 -- and who knows how long I would have put it off after that . "  Colon cancer is one of the few cancers that can actually be prevented , mainly because it goes through this polyp stage before it turns into colon cancer , " Yoon says . Given what he 'd found , Yoon suggested that my younger brother also have a colonoscopy . Craig had his colonoscopy when he was 36 ; the doctors did n't find anything . Two important people in my life , my husband 's stepfather and my trainer , have had colon cancer . For both of them , the cancer was detected during routine colonoscopies . I thank God they were proactive about their health . Polyps are slow-growing and asymptomatic , Yoon says . The cancer can also be slow-growing and asymptomatic -- until it starts spreading . "  Usually once you start developing symptoms from colon cancer , things are way too late , " he said . Eating a high-fat diet , consuming red meat and smoking will increase your risk of developing colorectal cancer , as is a familial history of the disease . Doctors recommend exercising and eating a diet rich in vegetables , fruit and fiber . At Hopkins , researchers are looking into the role that curcumin - a spice commonly used in India - may play in reducing the risk of colon cancer . Preclinical and laboratory tests show it may be useful , Kalloo said . I 've always loved curry , and I 'm thinking about ways to incorporate this spice into our meals . But even if you play by the rules of healthy living , it 's important to get screened . "  We have to do better , " Kalloo says . "  Family care physicians and everyone who sees patients should ask someone over 50 , ` Have you had a colonoscopy ? ' It 's just not a convenient test . Even physicians tend to procrastinate . " After Yoon called me with the results , I sent a thank you note to my family doctor , telling him how much I appreciated him referring me for a colonoscopy . Yoon 's office called me recently to set up another appointment . I 'm not looking forward to it , but there 's no question I will do it again . Considering the alternative , I 'd be crazy not to .	March is National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month The lifetime risk of developing colorectal cancer is 1 in 20 Adults should be screened for colorectal cancer starting at age 50
LONDON , England -- Savers at a leading UK mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts Saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the Bank of England after heavily slashing profit forecasts . Fearful customers line up to withdraw cash from a Northern Rock branch in southeast London on Friday . Long lines formed before counters opened at the Northern Rock building society , one of the UK 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government . Customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion  $ 2 billion  since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult . Shares in Northern Rock dropped up to 30 percent in Friday trading , with problems spilling over the European banking sector The British Bankers ' Association has urged customers to "  calm down , " according to the UK Press Association . It said : "  Northern Rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . " Meanwhile , finance minister Alistair Darling said the Bank of England had stepped in "  to create a stable banking system " . He said : "  People can use their accounts in the usual way , they can carry on making their mortgage payments in the usual way . Northern Rock will be able to carry on its business . " Northern Rock chief executive Adam Applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called "  a backdrop in case we need to use it " , according to PA. . E-mail to a friend	Savers at leading UK mortgage bank lined up to empty their accounts Northern Rock was bailed out by the Bank of England a day earlier Reassurances that banks was safe have gone unheeded by many
The admitted mastermind of the 9/11 terror attacks has issued a rambling defense of Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , on trial in New York for allegedly being al Qaeda 's propagandist in the wake of the attacks . In a rare statement made public , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said Sulaiman abu Ghaith -- an Islamic preacher whom the United States has charged with conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals and providing material support to terrorists -- is falsely accused of being involved in al Qaeda 's military activities . Mohammed said abu Ghaith was more of a visiting celebrity who preached the Quran to al Qaeda recruits . Mohammed 's 14-page statement was in response to questions from abu Ghaith 's attorney and was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on Sunday night . Abu Ghaith was captured last year after years of being among a group of alleged al Qaeda operatives sheltered in Iran . He was arrested in Turkey and deported to Kuwait via Jordan , which helped U.S. agents capture him . The New York trial , blocks from the site of the former World Trade Center destroyed in the 9/11 attacks , has already featured testimony about previous al Qaeda operations , including the 2001 shoe bomb attempt , which U.S. authorities say abu Ghaith knew about beforehand . Mohammed , the most senior al Qaeda leader in U.S. custody , used the statement to lecture the United States about its errors in supporting jihadists in their fight during the 1980s against the Soviet Union 's forces in Afghanistan , realizing too late the level of training ongoing in mujahedeen camps . "  Uncle Sam destroyed his own country by his own hand with his stupid foreign policy , " Mohammed said in his statement . Mohammed has taken full or partial credit for planning multiple operations beyond 9/11 , from the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in East Africa to the post-9 / 11 shoe bombing and the murder of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl . Abu Ghaith , Mohammed said , was a "  pious man " and among many scholars drawn to Afghanistan when the Taliban took control of the country in the mid-1990s . He describes Afghanistan during those years as something of a paradise , with strict Islamic laws making the country safe from crime . He said he does n't recall meeting abu Ghaith and that , as a scholar and preacher , abu Ghaith would n't have known about military operations , in part because al Qaeda was careful to restrict access to such information . "  He did not play any military role and to the best of my knowledge he did not receive any military training at any of the training camps for the mujahedeen in Afghanistan , " Mohammed said . "  I personally never spoke with Sheikh Sulaiman abu Ghaith about the shoe bomb operation , " he said , adding that U.S. claims about abu Ghaith 's role of issuing public sermons and statements after 9/11 do n't indicate involvement in planning al Qaeda attacks . "  Those tasked with giving statements to the media do not necessarily know all the details of an operation and are sometimes even unaware of the very existence of the operation . " Mohammed also tried to undermine U.S. allegations that abu Ghaith took an oath of allegiance , or swore "  bayat , " to bin Laden . He said that swearing such an oath does n't mean a person is to carry out an operation . "  To tell the truth , I do not even know if  abu Ghaith  personally swore bayat to  bin Laden  or not , " he said . Abu Ghaith 's attorney said in his court filing that Mohammed 's statement is a piece of important exculpatory evidence . He had requested Mohammed to testify via video , but U.S. restrictions and Mohammed 's own refusal to personally testify prompted the written questions and response . What did abu Ghaith tell authorities on plane trip to U.S. ?	Khalid Sheikh Mohammed answers questions in Islamic preacher 's conspiracy case Sulaiman abu Ghaith -- bin Laden 's son-in-law -- facing conspiracy , terrorism charges Mohammed said abu Ghaith was scholar , preacher with no role in al Qaeda 's military affairs Mohammed also used the statement to blast U.S. foreign policy
CNN  -- Longtime character actor Pat Hingle , a veteran of early television dramas , Westerns and four "  Batman " films , has died at age 84 , his family announced Sunday . Pat Hingle was a familiar face to moviegoers and TV watchers for his many roles . Hingle died Saturday evening at his home in Carolina Beach , North Carolina , after a two-year battle with the blood disorder myelodysplasia , his cousin , Lynn Heritage , told CNN . "  He was awake one moment , and in the next breath , he was gone , " Heritage said . Hingle began his acting career in the 1950s , appearing in numerous television theater shows . His first movie role was an uncredited appearance in 1954 's "  On the Waterfront , " which won eight Academy Awards ; he played the by-the-book judge opposite Clint Eastwood 's vengeful marshal in 1968 's "  Hang 'Em High , " and appeared as Sally Field 's father in 1979 's "  Norma Rae . " In 1989 , he appeared as Gotham City 's Commissioner Gordon in Tim Burton 's "  Batman , " carrying on the role through three sequels . His last film role was in "  Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , " released in 2006 . He also guest-starred in countless TV series , including a memorable turn as a character named Col. Daniel Webster Tucker in a 1980 "  M * A * S * H " episode . In the episode , called "  April Fools , " Hingle 's Tucker antagonized the unit 's surgeons -- with surprising consequences . Hingle 's other TV series included "  Hawaii Five-O , " "  The Streets of San Francisco , " "  Hart to Hart , " "  St. Elsewhere , " "  Magnum , P.I. " and "  Cheers . " Hingle is survived by his wife of nearly 30 years , Julia , and their five children .	Pat Hingle appeared in many TV series , movies Hingle played Commissioner Gordon in '90s "  Batman " films Hingle also had roles in "  M * A * S * H , " "  St. Elsewhere , " "  Cheers "
CNN  On the eve of the one-year mark since nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria , Malala Yousafzai released an "  open letter " to the girls Monday . "  Like you , I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school , " she writes in the letter . The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban , which had singled her out for blogging from Pakistan about the importance of staying in school . In the letter , she calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls . Nigeria recently held an election . On April 14 , 2014 , Islamists with Boko Haram kidnapped the girls , prompting an international campaign for their safe return , which used the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls . On Monday , UNICEF announced a new campaign for the 800,000 children who have been displaced in northeast Nigeria , using the hashtag #BringBackOurChildhood . Malala is admired globally as a figure standing for peace . On Sunday , a NASA astrophysicist named an asteroid after her . She has spoken with CNN about the Nigerian abductions previously . Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid Here is the full letter : To my brave sisters , the kidnapped schoolgirls of Chibok , On this first anniversary of your captivity , I write to you with a message of solidarity , love and hope . My name is Malala . I am a Pakistani girl your age . I am one of the millions of people around the world who keep you and your families foremost in our thoughts and prayers . We can not imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured . But please know this : We will never forget you . We will always stand with you . Today and every day , we call on the Nigerian authorities and the international community to do more to bring you home . We will not rest until you have been reunited with your families . Like you , I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school . Gunmen shot me and two of my friends on a school bus . All three of us survived and are back in school . Now we speak out on behalf of all girls about the right to get a proper education . Our campaign will continue until you and all girls and boys around the world are able to access a free , safe and quality secondary education . Last July , I spent my 17th birthday in Nigeria with some of your parents and five of your classmates who escaped the kidnapping . Your parents are grief-stricken . They love you , and they miss you . My father and I wept and prayed with your parents -- and they touched our hearts . The escapee schoolgirls my father and I met impressed us with their resolve to overcome their challenges and to complete their high school education . My father and I promised your parents and the girls who had escaped that we would do all we could to help them . I met Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan and urged him to work harder for your freedom . I also asked President Jonathan to meet your parents and the girls who escaped the kidnapping , which he did a few days later . Still , in my opinion , Nigerian leaders and the international community have not done enough to help you . They must do much more to help secure your release . I am among many people pressuring them to make sure you are freed . There are reasons for hope and optimism . Nigerian forces are re-gaining territory and protecting more schools . Nigeria 's newly-elected president , Muhammadu Buhari , has vowed to make securing your freedom a top priority and promised his government will not tolerate violence against women and girls . "  You will have the opportunity to receive the education you want and deserve . The Malala Fund and other organizations offered all your classmates who escaped the kidnapping full scholarships to complete their secondary education . Most of the escapee girls accepted this scholarship and are now continuing their studies at a safe boarding school and with the support they need . We hope to someday extend that same scholarship to all 219 of you , when you return home . Remember that one day your tragic ordeal will end , you will be reunited with your families and friends , and you will have the chance to finish the education you courageously sought . I look forward to the day I can hug each one of you , pray with you , and celebrate your freedom with your families . Until then , stay strong , and never lose hope . You are my heroes . Your sister , Malala	Malala Yousafzai tells the girls she associates with them She writes a message of "  solidarity , love and hope " She calls on Nigeria and the international community to do more to rescue the girls
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- A California couple accused in Qatar of deliberately starving their 8-year-old adopted daughter to death appeared in court Tuesday . The hearing was the first for Matthew and Grace Huang since they were released from custody last month on bail . They have been ordered to remain in Doha . The couple deny charges of murdering Gloria , one of three children they adopted from Africa . She died in January . Both the defense and the prosecution presented written and oral arguments to the court Tuesday . In his statement , the prosecutor painted a picture of Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane people who had been "  cheaply sold " their adopted child . He called for both to be given the death penalty for the girl 's death and , in colorful language , suggested that he could visualize her rushing up to the judges ' bench , begging for justice . He said the Huangs kept Gloria locked in her room , deprived of food and water , and that a key was found on the outside of the door . The prosecutor argued that both the hospital and forensics reports on her death indicated that she died of starvation and that any witness statements should be discounted by the court . He also cited testimony from one of the girl 's brothers , saying the child told prosecutors that their parents used to punish Gloria for stealing food by locking her into her room . Medical records Defense lawyer Sami Abu Sheikha argued that there is no evidence to indicate the couple had wanted to kill their daughter . Witnesses had seen Gloria eating on the Friday and the Monday before her death in the early hours of Tuesday , January 15 , the lawyer said , adding that two days without food would not have been enough for her to starve to death . He also pointed to hospital and forensic reports that showed she died of dehydration and cachexia , a wasting condition . This can result from causes other than starvation , Abu Sheikha said . The reports showed that her pancreas was inflamed , which could mean it was n't working properly , and there was inflammation of the lungs , he said . The reports also showed that Gloria had ingested food and liquid that was still in her intestines and bladder , he said . The defense lawyer also cited Gloria 's siblings as telling the prosecutor she had been playing with them outside her room before she died . Other witnesses had also seen her the day before her death , he said . Abu Sheikha added that photographs showed bottles of water beside the child 's bed and that , in any case , her room had a bathroom where she could have drunk the water from the taps if she needed to . He said her medical records showed that she had a history of eating disorders . Defense effort The judge ordered that the defense be given another chance to rebut the prosecution 's arguments in a hearing February 5 . The two defendants appeared more relaxed and better rested than in their previous court appearance , when they were still in detention . Grace , who had previously appeared in court with her head covered , was this time dressed in slacks and a blouse with her hair uncovered . No relatives of the Huangs ' were in court Tuesday , but a handful of staff members from the U.S. Embassy in Doha were present . The David House Agency , an advocacy group for Americans overseas , has been coordinating the Huangs ' defense effort . In August , the agency set up a website that describes the circumstances of their detention . Matthew and Grace Huang moved to Qatar in 2012 with their three adopted children . Matthew , a Stanford-educated engineer , was working on infrastructure projects related to the 2022 World Cup . But everything changed January 15 , when he found his daughter dead . The parents were arrested , charged with murder and accused of starving their daughter to death . The David House Agency says Gloria 's eating disorder involved starving herself and then bingeing on food . It says this disorder arose from her childhood in Ghana before she was adopted . CNN 's Leone Lakhani , Schams Elwazer and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Grace and Matthew Huang deny murdering their adopted daughter , Gloria The prosecution accused the couple of deliberately starving Gloria to death The defense argues that other medical conditions may have caused her death Another hearing in the case is scheduled for February
Cairo  CNN  -- As the operation by Egyptian security forces to clear supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy from two Cairo sit-ins unfolds Wednesday , governments around the world are voicing their concern at the violence and loss of life . Interactive : Map of the raids United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemns the Cairo violence "  in the strongest terms , " a U.N. statement said . "  While the UN is still gathering precise information about today 's events , it appears that hundreds of people were killed or wounded in clashes between security forces and demonstrators , " it said . "  Just days ago , the Secretary-General renewed his call for all sides in Egypt to reconsider their actions in light of new political realities and the imperative to prevent further loss of life . The Secretary-General regrets that Egyptian authorities chose instead to use force to respond to the ongoing demonstrations . " In the aftermath of the violence , Ban "  urges all Egyptians to concentrate their efforts on promoting genuinely inclusive reconciliation , " it added . European Union "  Confrontation and violence is not the way forward to resolve key political issues . I deplore the loss of lives , injuries and destruction in Cairo and other places in Egypt , " said EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . "  I call on the security forces to exercise utmost restraint and on all Egyptian citizens to avoid further provocations and escalation . "  The country 's democratic future will depend on a dialogue among all concerned aimed at overcoming differences in an inclusive process of political reconciliation , with a fully empowered civilian government and functioning democratic institutions . " Turkey "  We with full force condemn the fact that the administration in Egypt has once again used force against peaceful protests despite all warnings , " the official website of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said . "  Opening fire on and using sharpshooters on civilians who have not been implicated in any violence constitutes a grave crime . "  It is obvious that the international community , by supporting the military coup instead of supporting democracy and constitutional legitimacy in Egypt and by remaining silent on previous massacres , has given courage to the intervention that took place today . The international community especially the U.N. Security Council and the Arab League must act immediately to stop this massacre . " "  What is happening in Egypt today is unacceptable . Assaults on protesters and civilians are unacceptable . These may lead to dangerous results whatever the reasons are , " President Abdullah Gul said , according to the semi-official Anadolu news agency . United Kingdom "  I am deeply concerned at the escalating violence and unrest in Egypt , and regret the loss of life on all sides , " Foreign Secretary William Hague said . "  I condemn the use of force in clearing protests and call on the security forces to act with restraint . Leaders on all sides must work to reduce the risk of further violence . Only then will it be possible to take vital steps towards dialogue and reconciliation . " Canada Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird urged both parties to avoid violence and "  engage in a meaningful political dialogue for the good of all Egyptians . " Canada believes that implementing a transparent democratic system that respects all its citizens is the best way to restore calm and stability in Egypt , he said . "  The two parties must sit down immediately , reconcile their differences and work tirelessly to halt this deadly stand-off . All Egyptians should show restraint and resolve in the coming days . " Spain Spain 's government expressed "  great concern " over events in Egypt and sent its condolences to the families of those killed . "  At this critical moment , it is particularly important that the security forces and the protesters themselves exercise due restraint to avoid the irreversible consequences of violence , " a press statement said . "  The Egyptian people have shown to the whole world their determination to live in peace and democracy . To achieve this aspiration the participation of all political and social forces is needed , without delay , in a national dialogue to make possible the return of institutional normality to Egypt . " Germany Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said Germany is "  extremely concerned " by the news from Cairo . "  This escalation of violence in the already heated political situation in Egypt is very dangerous . We call upon all political forces in Egypt to immediately return to dialogue and negotiations and to prevent a further escalation of violence , " he said . "  Further bloodshed has to be prevented . We ask all sides to swiftly return to a political process , which incorporates all political forces . "  We expect from the interim government and the Egyptian authorities that they allow peaceful protests and that they do anything to calm the situation . We told the Egyptian side this clear expectation this morning . " Iran Iran 's Foreign Ministry condemned the "  brutal crackdown " and "  killing of scores " of Egyptians , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . Qatar An official source in Qatar 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs "  strongly condemns the way the peaceful protesters were handled in Rabaa and Nahda square that led to the killing of a number of unarmed innocent civilians , " Qatar 's state news agency said . Sweden Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said via Twitter that he was following events in Egypt with extreme concern . "  Obviously many dead . Reports of live ammunition . Risk of violence spreading . Churches attacked , " he tweeted . "  I condemn the killings and the violence in Egypt now . Main responsibility with regime forces . Extremely hard to restore political process . " Italy Italian Foreign Minister Emma Bonino said she was deeply saddened by events in Egypt and the loss of human life , adding that she had hoped the sit-in sites would be cleared by mutual agreement . "  I make an appeal to all the forces in Egypt to do all that is possible to immediately stop the violence in the country and avoid a bloodbath . " She called on the police to maintain "  strong self-restraint " and for all parties to avoid any incitement to violence . Egypt must put an end to the spiral of violence and resume a process of national dialogue , she said . Ireland Eamon Gilmore , Ireland 's tanaiste , or deputy prime minister , tweeted : "  I deplore the loss of life in #Egypt , appeal for the authorities to show restraint and for all involved to refrain from violence . " Egypt clashes : What you need to know CNN 's Saad Abedine , Laura Smith-Spark , Laura Perez Maestro , Saskya Vandoorne , Bharati Naik , Gul Tuysuz , Stephanie Ott and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Canada says two parties must sit down immediately , reconcile their differences EU 's foreign policy chief calls on the security forces to "  exercise the utmost restraint " The U.N. chief regrets that Egyptian authorities "  chose to use force " on demonstrators Iran : Brutal crackdown of Egyptian protesters condemned
Shweyga Mullah 's face lights up with a smile that spreads like a sunrise across her face . She 's just arrived at a party , organized by the small Ethiopian community on Malta . It 's the first time she 's seen many of her new friends since being discharged from hospital last week . They raise paper cups of soda in a toast and Shweyga bashfully takes the salute and laughs and jokes with her fellow Ethiopians . It 's heart-warming to see her finally enjoying herself . All her Ethiopian friends here had been lured to Libya by promises of lucrative work . But no one we know of has suffered quite like Shweyga . One friend Emanuel Tsegay tells me that on hearing Shweyga 's story he burst into tears . Shweyga 's unbelievably awful story of torture at the hands of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi 's daughter-in-law Aline has touched people around the world and resulted in some $ 40,000 being donated to a special fund for her recovery . We found Shweyga abandoned in a Gadhafi family compound in August . Lying alone on a mattress on the floor , she told me how Aline Gadhafi and one of her staff poured boiling water over her head and body , simply because she 'd been unable to stop one of the Gadhafi children from crying . Offers of help poured into CNN Center and resulted in her evacuation to the tiny Mediterranean nation of Malta . She arrived here in September and has undergone surgery and skin grafts since then . Now though , surgeons are satisfied enough with her progress to allow her to become an outpatient . She 's staying at a small apartment on the island and is receiving some financial help from the Qatari government , which has helped bankroll the Libyan revolution and arm its fighters . Shweyga 's life here is not ideal though . She yearns to see her family , but red-tape has slowed down efforts to bring her relatives to Malta . Shweyga says she does n't feel ready physically or emotionally to return to Ethiopia and be subjected to the scrutiny of people in her hometown . She remains profoundly self-conscious of her appearance . But the doctors and nurses treating her at the Mater Dei hospital are pleased with her recovery . Nurse Mary Rose Bonnici has been treating her since she arrived . We watched as she delicately trimmed the growing crown of hair on her scalp . It 's growing back fast but for now it must be kept short , in order to prevent infection . Nurse Bonnici says : "  She is making very good progress . It was discharging before now it 's getting drier and drier . But now it 's good , very good , she feels it 's good anyway . " The consultant in charge of her case , Francis Xavier Dermanin , says : "  Ms. Mullah had regular physiotherapy for mobilization of her limbs especially the right shoulder which showed signs of early contractures due to immobility from the burns that she had sustained . "  She also had the support of our psychologists in helping her to get over the horrific trauma that she had sustained . In both aspects she did very well . "  In general , Ms. Mullah is more confident and communicating well with the medical and nursing staff . " It 's encouraging that her hair is growing back in places on her head . But the hair follicles towards the front , where the skin graft was performed , seem to have been permanently killed off . The doctors hope there are enough towards the back to enable her to grow her hair out and disguise the scars . I ask Shweyga about Aline Gadhafi and she speaks rapidly and with conviction . She hopes the former dictator 's daughter-in-law will one day be caught and prosecuted . But like her husband Hannibal Gadhafi , Aline 's whereabouts remains unknown . Victims like Shweyga are still waiting for justice .	A nanny left disfigured by the Gadhafi family has left hospital in Malta Shweyga Mullah still faces almost daily hospital appointments She was burned with boiling water by Colonel Gadhafi 's daughter-in-law because she was unable to stop a child crying Shweyga gave thanks to the people who helped pay for her treatment and get her out of Libya
The Frisky  -- Does your television take up a high percentage of your living room ? Have you ever bailed out on plans to cook dinner to watch an episode of "  Lost " ? Do you run into situations where your DVR gets overloaded because there are too many shows you want to record ? No , I am not here to chastise you for being a couch potato or to tell you that so much TV-watching is actively decreasing your brain cells . I am here to congratulate you for being a TV head ! For us TV heads , the third week in May rivals the week between Christmas and New Year 's Eve for everyone else . It 's "  upfronts " week ! This week in New York City , the major networks are holding grand events -- think big presentations and musical numbers -- to unveil their fall and winter lineups . NBC and Fox upfronts are Monday . ABC presents on Tuesday . CBS is Wednesday . And The CW takes their turn on Thursday . For advertisers , this is how they decide when and where they would like to run commercials . For the press , it 's time to get the lowdown on what 's coming down the boob-tube pipeline . And for TV heads , it 's a big old tease since most people wo n't be able to actually watch any new shows until September . But who cares ? It is like being able to see into the television future ! Here are five recently revealed greenlit shows that we are especially looking forward to . The Frisky : George Huguely , UVA lacrosse player , had a history of violence The Show : "  Love Bites " For : Former "  Ugly Betty " fans The Deets : NBC , Thursdays , 10 p.m.  EST We were sad when "  Ugly Betty " got canceled . Luckily , our favorite part of the show -- the hilarious Becki Newton -- is getting her own series . In "  Love Bites , " she plays the virginal half of a best friend duo . And while the preview makes me think it retreads well-worn single gal territory , it 's written by Cindy Chupack of "  Sex and The City , " so we are still expecting it to be genius . The Show : "  Undercovers " For : Former "  Alias " fans The Deets : NBC , Wednesdays , 8 p.m.  EST J.J. Abrams is the dude behind two of my favorite 10 shows ever -- "  Alias " and "  Lost " -- so I 'm pretty sure everything he touches turns to TV gold . His latest sounds like a spin on "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " -- it is about a couple who run a catering company but are really retired spies . When a friend goes missing , they snap back into action . The husband of this duo is the ultra hot Boris Kodjoe and the wife is Gubu Mbatha-Raw of "  Doctor Who . " Enough to make us say Angelina and Brad , who ? The Frisky : Heidi Montag and 9 stars who 've had nasty fights with Mom The Show : "  Running Wilde " For : Former "  Arrested Development " fans The Deets : Fox , Tuesdays , 9:30 p.m.  EST Oh , how we miss "  Arrested Development . " Luckily , its creator has this series in the works , starring two of our faves -- Keri Russell of "  Felicity " fame and "  AD " alum Will Arnett . The concept ? Arnett is a nasty oil company big wig . His childhood sweetheart , Keri , is a tree-hugging activist . When they try to make it happen again , well , I du n no what happens . But that 's what the series is about . The Frisky : 8 celebs who played nerds but landed hotties The Show : "  Friends With Benefits " For : Former "  Friends " or "  HIMYM " fans The Deets : NBC , more info to come Back in April , there was an epic three-way battle for the title "  Friends With Benefits "  with Justin Timberlake and Ashton Kutcher attached to two different film projects with the same name as this anticipated TV show  . Well , here is television 's official entry to the race . It centers on a pair of best friends who , while playing the dating game , have taken to sleeping together . What makes us so excited about this show ? It 's written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber of "  500 Days of Summer " quirky love story film fame . Oh , and we 're always looking for the next "  Friends " or "  How I Met Your Mother . " The Show : "  Franklin and Bash " For : Former "  Saved by the Bell " Zack Morris fanatics The Deets : TNT , more info to come What if we told you that Mark-Paul Gosselaar -- who we 're still rooting for 15 years after "  Saved by the Bell " -- and Breckin Meyer , aka the cute stoner from "  Clueless , " were teaming up for a comedy about two friends who join a mega law firm ? Now , what if we told you that the pilot featured multiple shots of Mark-Paul 's posterior ? Yes , it 's an easy sell . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  Ugly Betty 's " Becki Newton is getting her own series , "  Love Bites " Keri Russell of "  Felicity " and "  AD " alum Will Arnett will star in "  Running Wilde " J.J. Abrams 's "  Undercovers " sounds like a spin on "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith "
CNN  -- Gas prices approaching $ 4 a gallon on average are causing severe economic pain for millions of Americans . Pump prices spiked 5 % in the past month alone . Crude oil prices stood at $ 108 on Friday , up from only double digits at the beginning of the month . What 's the cause ? Forget what you may have read about the laws of supply and demand . Oil and gas prices have almost nothing to do with economic fundamentals . According to the Energy Information Administration , the supply of oil and gasoline is higher today than it was three years ago , when the national average for a gallon of gasoline was just $ 1.90 . Meanwhile , the demand for oil in the U.S. is at its lowest level since April of 1997 . Is Big Oil to blame ? Sure . Partly . Big oil companies have been gouging consumers for years . They have made almost $ 1 trillion in profits over the past decade , in part thanks to ridiculous federal subsidies and tax loopholes . I have proposed legislation to end those pointless giveaways to some of the biggest and most profitable corporations in the history of the world . But there 's another reason for the wild rise in gas prices . The culprit is Wall Street . Speculators are raking in profits by gambling in the loosely regulated commodity markets for gas and oil . A decade ago , speculators controlled only about 30 % of the oil futures market . Today , Wall Street speculators control nearly 80 % of this market . Many of those people buying and selling oil in the commodity markets will never use a drop of this oil . They are not airlines or trucking companies who will use the fuel in the future . The only function of the speculators in this process is to make as much money as they can , as quickly as they can . I 've seen the raw documents that prove the role of speculators . Commodity Futures Trading Commission records showed that in the summer of 2008 , when gas prices spiked to more than $ 4 a gallon , speculators overwhelmingly controlled the crude oil futures market . The commission , which supposedly represents the interests of the American people , had kept the information hidden from the public for nearly three years . That alone is an outrage . The American people had a right to know exactly who caused gas prices to skyrocket in 2008 and who is causing them to spike today . Even those inside the oil industry have admitted that speculation is driving up the price of gasoline . The CEO of Exxon-Mobil , Rex Tillerson , told a Senate hearing last year that speculation was driving up the price of a barrel of oil by as much as 40 % . The general counsel of Delta Airlines , Ben Hirst , and the experts at Goldman Sachs also said excessive speculation is causing oil prices to spike by up to 40 % . Even Saudi Arabia , the largest exporter of oil in the world , told the Bush administration back in 2008 , during the last major spike in oil prices , that speculation was responsible for about $ 40 of a barrel of oil . Just last week , Commissioner Bart Chilton , one of the only Commodity Futures Trading Commission members looking out for consumers , calculated how much extra drivers are being charged as a result of Wall Street speculation . If you drive a relatively fuel-efficient vehicle such as a Honda Civic , you pay an extra $ 7.30 every time you fill your tank . For larger vehicles , such as a Ford F150 , drivers pay an extra $ 14.56 for each fill-up . That works out to more than $ 750 a year going directly from your wallet or pocketbook to the Wall Street speculators . So as speculators gamble , millions of Americans are paying what amounts to a "  speculators tax " to feed Wall Street 's greed . People who live in rural areas like my home state of Vermont are hit harder than most because they buy gas to drive long distances to their jobs . It does n't have to work this way . The current spike in oil and gasoline prices was avoidable . Under the Wall Street reform act that Congress passed in 2010 , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was ordered to impose strict limits on the amount of oil that Wall Street speculators could trade in the energy futures market . The regulators dragged their feet . Finally , after months and months of law-breaking delays , the commission in October adopted a rule . It was a weak version of a proposal that might have put meaningful limits on the number of futures and swaps contracts a single trader could hold . Even the watered-down regulation adopted by the industry-friendly commission was challenged in court . The Financial Markets Association and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association wanted free rein to continue unregulated gambling in the oil markets . So today , Wall Street once again is laughing all the way to the bank . Once again , federal regulators should move aggressively to end excessive oil speculation . We must do everything we can to lower gas prices so that they reflect the fundamentals of supply and demand and bring needed relief to the American people . The time for real action is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Bernie Sanders .	Bernie Sanders : Speculators cash in by jacking up oil and gas prices ; market loosely regulated Speculators controlled 30 % of the oil futures market 10 years ago : up to 80 % today , he writes Sanders : As speculators gamble , Americans pay a virtual speculators ' tax on gas We can lower gas prices so they reflect the fundamentals of supply and demand , he says
New York  CNN  -- The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , prompted the U.S. to take sensible security measures and launch a justified counterattack against al Qaeda , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . But he says they also led to an overreaction that continues today . Zakaria argues the organization behind the attacks , al Qaeda , has been greatly diminished by the U.S. response to 9/11 and by growing opposition to the group in the Muslim world : "  All these trends have worked to further diminish the threat al Qaeda poses to us . We 're in a strange situation where the right does n't want to acknowledge it because it would suggest we do n't need to be in quite this much of a war footing and ... the left seems reluctant to accept some of this because it suggests that , God forbid , George W. Bush might have done something right . "  As a result of our political dysfunction , we have lost the ability to have a rational conversation about 9/11 , " Zakaria said . The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : Is the U.S. safer today than before 9/11 ? Fareed Zakaria : There 's no question we 're safer . Look , 9/11 changed the way in which we viewed the problem of terrorism and Islamic radicalism , and we 've gotten attentive to both . First of all , there have been huge measures taken -- a series of very simple , sensible measures that decrease the likelihood of anything like 9/11 happening . Sealing the cockpit door , by itself , means that a plane can never be used as a missile and things like that ... the security measures have made it much more difficult for high-value targets to be vulnerable in quite the way they were . The second part is that we have gone after these al Qaeda and associated groups quite vigorously , chasing them around the mountains of Afghanistan of course but also tracking their money . And those things collectively have made a big difference , and there 's no question in my mind , we 're safer . Now we can begin to ask ourselves whether we have overdone the countermeasures , whether the tens of billions of dollars that have been added year after year to the intelligence budget , to the Homeland Security budget have been all necessary or are we on a kind of autopilot where no request for homeland security can ever be denied , and it has become part of the gargantuan pork barrel projects in Washington . CNN : You 've written that we 've overreacted to 9/11 and al Qaeda . In what way do you think that 's the case ? Zakaria : I mean it in two senses . We did n't spend a lot of time in the year after 9/11 -- once we had taken it on , once we had started chasing these people around the world , measures which I strongly supported then and still strongly support -- whether that had been effective and whether we had broken up the organization and made it far more difficult for them to operate . And therefore , what was the real nature of the threat going forward ? I think it 's clear that al Qaeda is a much-diminished force . It has the power to inspire a series of local organizations around the world , but it has very little power to direct these high-profile terrorist attacks itself . The reaction to my point that al Qaeda is weaker than we think has surprised me only because I 've made this point since 2004 , and I 've made it repeatedly . CNN : Why do you think many people have not agreed with that point ? Zakaria : I do think we have a tendency in the United States to underestimate the evil intentions of our enemies , but overestimate their capacity , their capabilities . What we now know , based on all the declassified documents we have available is that in the 1970s and '80s , the U.S. was massively overestimating the military capacity of the Soviet Union . CNN : In what way ? Zakaria : If you look at every measure , from bombers to missiles , on almost every count , we massively overestimated their capacity to modernize , their capacity to build up , and as a result we had created a much , much larger military-industrial complex than would have been necessary to combat the actual Soviet threat rather than the one we perceived . Similarly with Saddam Hussein , the intelligence agencies were absolutely convinced that what we faced was a very powerful state that was acquiring nuclear , biological and chemical weapons , which proved to be largely untrue . When we look at al Qaeda , we have to ask ourselves : What is their actual capacity to inflict harm ? The second sense in which I mean it is I do think there is a tendency within the American appropriations system for projects to become eternal and eternally expanding and this has clearly become true of homeland security . Nobody wants to deny the request for more security , more measures , more procedures , all of which come with more budgets , more bureaucrats ... CNN : So what should be done now ? Zakaria : This would be the right time for us to take a look and ask ourselves , in order to combat the actual threat that al Qaeda poses , which is real but which is limited in some senses -- what kind of intelligence apparatus do we need , what kind of homeland security apparatus do we need and how much can we do in terms in reallocating , reorganizing and reinventing these national security agencies rather than constantly piling up layer upon layer . We now have 15 different intelligence agencies , we have 15 different organizations tracking the money that terrorists are moving around . It 's almost as though we took the entire Cold War bureaucracy and rather than scaling it down and reconfiguring it to meet this new set of unconventional threats , we just layered on top of the mountains of Cold War bureaucracy another set of mountains of terrorism bureaucracy , never mind that the Cold War is over ... This is not a way to run a serious national security policy . And the greatest danger here of course is that unlike the Cold War , unlike World War II , this is not a war that has a clean ending , so you can not set a point at which we would demobilize and therefore get rid of some of this apparatus . This is a kind of existential reality that the United States has to deal with , the possibility of terrorism , the possibility of radical groups being able to inflict harm on an open society , so we 've got to ask ourselves is this the normal national security state we want to live with . CNN : Was the concept of a "  war on terror " mistaken ? Zakaria : I do n't know if I would quibble with it that much . ... The problem of course is that terrorism is a tactic , you ca n't declare war against a tactic . But in general it conveyed the idea that we needed to go on the offense and we needed to chase these guys around the world , we needed to track their money . I have no problem with any of that ... the problem is you can fight a war but you also need to actively gauge the strength of your opponent , and if you think he 's 25 feet tall vs. five feet tall , that 's important . That 's a huge misdiagnosis of the problem ... CNN : Why do you think people have missed the change in al Qaeda 's capabilities ? Zakaria : We 're not looking at trends within the Islamic world where al Qaeda has been politically discredited , trends that are taking place within the jihadi community , where prominent jihadis have broken with al Qaeda . The reality is that al Qaeda has been unable to organize a single attack -LSB- against a major target in recent years -RSB- , the reality is that when smaller local groups plan terrorist attacks all they can attack are local targets like cafes or train stations and thus kill locals , further alienating the local population and discrediting and delegitimizing al Qaeda and its associated groups . CNN : Nine years after 9/11 , why is the debate about Islam and terrorism fiercer than it 's ever been ? Zakaria : What 's more strange is that it feels as though it 's a debate that 's taking place without the intervening nine years . Sometimes the debate seems as though it could have been taking place in 2002 , without noticing all these trends that I 've been describing . 9/11 was a wake-up call for America , but it also was a wake-up call for a lot of people in the Muslim world . In the early months after 9/11 , and I wrote about this at the time , there was a sense in the Muslim world that while they might not have approved of the attacks , they understood the anti-Americanism that lay behind it . That kind of totally irresponsible and pernicious implicit support for Islamic radicalism has worn very thin in the last nine years . CNN : Why has radicalism lost support ? Zakaria : People who felt that way in Indonesia , in Jordan , even in Palestine have realized that these guys -LSB- al Qaeda -RSB- are as opposed to the secular regimes of Indonesia , Jordan and in the Palestinian Authority as they are to the United States and when they attack Indonesia and Jordan , they kill innocent Indonesians and Jordanians , innocent Muslims by the way . That reality has also produced a kind of rethinking about Islamic extremism that has been very important . I should emphasize that it is not enough and there needs to be more persistent condemnation of radicalism and violence but there 's no question , and the polling data make this clear , the number of fatwas issued against al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden make this clear -- there has been a huge shift in the Muslim world over the last nine years . CNN : Finally , Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf is reaffirming his plans to proceed with Cordoba House , the controversial Islamic center near ground zero . What do you think of that ? Zakaria : This is to be a community center that will have a swimming pool , meeting rooms , athletic facilities , modeled after the 92nd Street Y . It will have Jews and Christians and Muslims on its board , it will have prayer rooms for Jews and Christians as well as Muslims . It will have both physical spaces and programs to encourage interfaith dialogue . Now to me that sounds like precisely the American answer to Muslim radicalism , to affirm a Muslim-led process of interfaith dialogue , of tolerance for other religions ... the plan here is to build a center that is really trying to bring people together , this is such an American response to intolerance , extremism and violence . It is about inclusion , dialogue and respect for other faiths .	9/11 led U.S. to strike back at al Qaeda and take smart measures , says Fareed Zakaria He says in the years after attacks , U.S. has overestimated threat from al Qaeda He says group is on the run and widely discredited in the Muslim world Zakaria : U.S. needs to scale its security policies and bureaucracy to the actual threat
CNN  -- A grand jury has brought felony charges against three Dallas , Texas , police officers who were caught on patrol car dashboard cameras beating a motorcyclist after a chase , prosecutors said Thursday . Officers Paul Bauer and Kevin Randolph were charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon by a public servant , a charge that carries a five-year minimum prison term , in the September 5 beating of motorcyclist Andrew Collins . A third officer , Henry Duetsch , was charged with third-degree felony of tampering with physical evidence , said Jamille Bradfield , a spokeswoman for the Dallas County district attorney 's office . Bauer was also charged with assault and with official oppression , both misdemeanors . Randolph -- who was fired for failing probation after the incident -- was charged with official oppression and tampering with a governmental record , another felony . There was no immediate response to the charges from the three defendants . Prosecutors say Bauer and Randolph spotted Collins sitting on his motorcycle on a sidewalk the night of September 5 . He drove off when the officers shined a spotlight on him , and they began pursuing him . An internal investigation found that Bauer and Randolph disregarded an order to stop the chase , with one of the officers saying , "  Keep us going . I 'm going to kick the s -- out of him . " Collins eventually stopped , and when the officers spotted him , Bauer struck the bike with his patrol car . Randolph beat Collins with his baton after Collins dropped to all fours , and Bauer began hitting and kicking him , police said . And Duetsch , who arrived on the scene after Collins had stopped , turned another cruiser 's dashboard camera away from the scene when he arrived . Three other officers were put on restricted duty after the beating . They were seen on the second video also having contact with Collins , but they are not clearly seen because Duetsch had turned the camera away from the beating , Dallas Police Chief David Brown said earlier this month . In a statement issued after the indictments , Brown said the charges are "  another step in the process of bringing this incident to a conclusion . " "  As chief of police , I will ensure that every citizen of this city is treated with a deserved measure of respect by our officers , " he said . Collins suffered bruises in the incident , developed blood clots and complained of pain . He initially was charged with three traffic warrants , evading arrest , resisting arrest , and possession of marijuana after his arrest . After seeing the video , police dropped the resisting arrest charge .	The charges stem from the September 5 beating of a motorcyclist Total of three officers charged in connection with the incident Dallas police chief says indictments bring incident closer to a conclusion
CNN  -- A Georgia man accused of trying to extort Paula Deen by threatening to divulge "  true and damning " information about the embattled celebrity chef appeared in federal court Tuesday and pleaded not guilty . Thomas George Paculis , 62 , was arrested on a criminal complaint by FBI agents in Ithaca , New York , earlier this month . The former Augusta and Savannah , Georgia , resident appeared before a U.S. magistrate judge in Savannah , Georgia , Tuesday morning for arraignment . The federal charges were filed on June 24 in the U.S. Southern District of Georgia . Paculis entered a plea of not guilty and was placed under $ 10,000 bond , according to court documents from the hearing . A federal judge in New York released Paculis on bond a day after his arrest , said Stephen Emmett with the FBI 's Atlanta office . Savannah is where Deen built her business and brand into what many consider the folksy face of Southern cooking . But she 's been on her heels after admitting , in a deposition related to a lawsuit brought by a former employee , that she 's used the "  N-word " in the past . Former employee Lisa Jackson alleged that Deen and her brother Bubba Hier committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year employment at The Lady and Sons , and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House , two Savannah restaurants run by Deen and her family . Deen 's accuser : ` This has never been about the N-word ' In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost at least nine lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . According to a criminal complaint , Paculis interjected himself on June 24 , five days after details of Deen 's deposition became public . On that day , he sent an e-mail to Deen 's lawyer vowing that he was "  about to go public " with information about the chef 's use of the "  N-word " at Lady and Sons , according to a copy of the e-mail cited in the criminal complaint . "  The statements are true and damning enough that the case for Jackson will be won on it 's merit alone , " Paculis wrote , according to the FBI . "  As always ... there is a price for such confirmation . "  You can contact me here if you feel it is necessary , " he said , referring to his e-mail address , the criminal complaint states . "  Or I can go public and we will see what happens then . " Greg Hodges , Deen 's lawyer , exchanged e-mails with Paculis and the two talked over the phone two days later , according to the FBI . It was then that Paculis allegedly asked for $ 250,000 "  net " -- or total , with taxes having already been paid -- in exchange for not talking , the criminal complaint states . The two conversed a second time by phone June 27 when , "  at the direction of the FBI , " Hodges negotiated the hush money payment down to $ 200,000 . The next day , Deen told FBI agents that she did n't recognize Paculis 's name or face , based on photographs . In tearful interview , Paula Deen slams ` horrible lies ' Hodges declined comment on the alleged extortion arrest . Nancy Aldridge , who was married to Paculis for four months around 1986 , told CNN that he once had his own restaurant in Savannah though she has n't had much direct contact with him in recent years . Meanwhile , according to the FBI 's criminal complaint , Paculis had also reached out to Jackson 's lawyer . In fact , the agency alleges that the 62-year-old first reached out to Matt Billips by e-mail and phone on the same day -- June 24 -- that he contacted Deen 's lawyer . Billips said his staff conducted its own investigation of Paculis . Paculis asked Jackson 's lawyer how much he 'd pay for derogatory information about Deen , the complaint claims . "  I have pushed the opposing firm to  give  me an amount of money , in cash to never been heard of again and to never utter Paula Deen 's name in public or private ever again , " Paculis allegedly wrote , according to an e-mail to Billips excerpted in the FBI complaint . "  Now the burning question is , " he purportedly added , "  do you want in . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Thomas George Paculis , 62 , is accused of allegedly trying to extort Paula Deen Paculis allegedly asked Deen 's lawyer for $ 250,000 not to go public with information An ex-wife of Paculis says he once had a restaurant in Savannah Deen has been scrambling after testifying she had used "  N-word "
MALMO , Sweden  CNN  -- The breathy vocals of Nina Persson helped launch The Cardigans onto the music scene in the 1990s . The band developed its dreamy pop sound in the Southern Swedish town of Malmo . Singer Nina Persson finds musical inspiration in love and relationships . They were catapulted to international success in 1997 , when the single "  Lovefool " appeared on the soundtrack for "  Romeo and Juliet , " starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes . The song 's chorus  "  Love me , love me , say that you love me "  became a pop anthem . In addition to fronting The Cardigans , Persson , 34 , has worked on solo projects under the name A Camp . Now , after a near decade long hiatus , her second A Camp album , "  Colonia , " is due out later this month . Persson , who splits her time between New York and Malmo , talks to CNN 's "  My City , My Life " about music , inspiration and life after "  Lovefool . " CNN : How did The Cardigans start ? Nina Persson : We formed the band in this town where we are all originally from -- Jonkoping -- and that was in 1992 . Magnus and Peter were the two guys who actually met and wanted to form the band . And then they recruited people and I was one of the first to be recruited , along with a friend of mine who played guitar in the first version of The Cardigans . I had not sung before that really . I was sort of hired because they knew they wanted a girl singing . And I was like ` I 'm a girl ' and I guess we got along well and I was willing to learn to sing . So that 's how it started really . Watch Nina take CNN on a tour of her favorite Malmo spots " CNN : How big was music in your life before you joined the band ? Nina Persson : I 've loved music my whole life . But I never really listened to a record and thought that was something that I wanted to do . I was interested in becoming a painter , an architect , a designer . Those are the things I was interested in . But music , I never took instrument classes -- it was a random thing to start doing . CNN : Sometime a career finds you ? Nina Persson : Yeah and I was a person who was really helped by it . I was looking for something but I did n't know what it was and it proved to fulfill what I needed at the time . CNN : How is A Camp different from The Cardigans ? Nina Persson : It 's hard to say what makes it different because I 'm still doing the same thing -- I 'm still writing songs and singing them -- but it feels like it 's a bigger freedom because I am in charge in A Camp . I like both . Both serve good purposes . I like to be in the collective , being part of the machinery , but I also really enjoy being dictator . CNN : How do you define yourself as a musician now ? Nina Persson : Well I 'm not . I 'm not one of these people who live and breathe music . In the beginning I was a reluctant musician -- I still have n't bothered to learn an instrument . I 'm still only a singer and that 's how I write my songs . I 'm always superstitious that if I do learn an instrument I would pop the bubble a bit . CNN : Is there anything else you would have liked to have done if you had n't done singing ? Nina Persson : At the time when I was found , picked up by the band , I was into art . I was really good at drawing , really creative . I made stuff , I built stuff , I sewed stuff . I thought I would end up in that world somewhere . Photography was a big thing for me . In retrospect , I 'm sure that could have been a good career for me . But recently I 've started to wish that I could start over and dedicate my life to medicine . I would have loved to go to med school . I do n't think I will because I do n't want to spend seven or eight years in training , but I dream about working in a hospital . CNN : What were your inspirations over the years ? Nina Persson : That 's an incredibly difficult question to answer , but I think I 'm a sucker for constantly going back to the subject of love and relationships . It also varies very much from project to project and month to month . I 'm very emotional when it comes to the music . I want to make people cry . CNN : Tell us the story of how the band ended up in Malmo . See photos of Nina in Malmo " Nina Persson : We moved here because we started to record in Tambourine Studios which was here . Most studios are in Stockholm so sort of all roads wanted to drag us to Stockholm but we did persist and came here . CNN : When you came to Malmo , what was it like starting out in the early days ? Nina Persson : Our parents helped us move down here which was really sweet . They sort of dropped us off and waved goodbye and we moved in . We really did hang out , the five of us , quite exclusively in the beginning . CNN : What was the area like back then ? Has it changed ? Nina Persson : Well actually the area where I now live has n't changed that much . A lot of Malmo has moved away from the blue collar past it has , but not that area . It has strangely remained the same , and I like it . CNN : Do you think the gritty atmosphere of Malmo has helped you stay grounded ? Nina Persson : Well it 's hard to say how much has to do with the people we are or how much to do with Malmo . But there certainly is something here that does not encourage big headedness . CNN : The musical heritage of Malmo is quite rocky . How did you guys fit in ? Nina Persson : People thought we were really ridiculous when we came to this totally rock place and played pop music . So we did n't fit in at all -- we were never part of the scene here . CNN : You were happy to be outsiders of the rocky heritage ? Nina Persson : I think we felt sort of cool about doing our own thing . We thought we knew something that the others did n't understand . CNN : Is there something about Malmo that helps shape your music or influence you ? Nina Persson : I think Malmo did have a big influence on us . Obviously we came here for the sound , and we got the sound we wanted . We were away from the industry -- that was great for us . I really did appreciate being in a place where there is not a lot whole of press and industry . Nina takes CNN : So you also live in New York . What brings you back to Malmo ? Nina Persson : For me , I love Malmo very much because of my friendships . In Malmo I get the intimacy and get to run into my friends in the street once in a while which is a lovely feeling and I get to have a great grocery store just around the corner . CNN : If Malmo was a person , what kind of person would it be ? Nina Persson : It would be somebody who has been around for a while and survived a lot of hardships -- somebody you do n't mess with , somebody really intelligent , stubborn , with a lot of beauty on the inside .	Cardigans ' singer discusses Malmo , the group 's adopted hometown The band moved to the Southern Swedish city for a particular sound , she says Persson talks about the "  bigger freedom " that comes with her solo projects Inspired by love and relationships , she wants her music "  to make people cry "
CNN  -- After a judge temporarily lifted a gag order so that he could respond to allegations made on YouTube by his ex-wife , comedian Steve Harvey Tuesday released court documents saying those allegations are false . Mary Harvey posted a series of videos on YouTube last month about the breakup of the couple 's marriage and the bitter fight that followed . She alleged that following their 2005 divorce , Harvey "  turned my son against me , had me evicted from our house , thrown out , all the businesses , all the money , the cars ... He manipulated the courts , everything against me . " Steve Harvey could not respond at the time because of a gag order in the case , said attorney Bobbie Edmonds . But Edmonds released a statement Tuesday saying the judge had temporarily lifted the order so Harvey could respond . Some of the documents released Tuesday are redacted , but they say the court found that Mary Harvey : -- "  was not homeless or evicted from her home and was awarded three homes in the property settlement ; " -- that Harvey "  did not take , withhold or turn the child against Mary Lee Harvey ; " -- that Mary Harvey "  willingly placed the child on an airplane and sent him to Mr. Harvey without his knowledge ; " -- and that Harvey has primary custody of the 13-year-old . In addition , the court documents said , Mary Harvey received $ 40,000 a month from Harvey until March 2009 and received $ 1.5 million from him in March 2009 . In the series of videos , Mary Harvey included excerpts of letters and e-mails she said she intercepted between Harvey and his current wife , Marjorie , near the end of her 16-year relationship with him . She said on their second wedding anniversary , "  it hit me really hard " when she intercepted a love letter from a mistress -- the woman he would later move in with and marry . Edmonds said in late January Marjorie Harvey was "  contemplating " filing a defamation suit against Mary Harvey because of the accusations against her . The 2005 divorce between Steve and Mary Harvey , according to the court documents released Tuesday , "  was granted on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and his current wife was not named in the original divorce proceeding , nor was she the cause of the marital breakup . " Attempts by CNN to contact Mary Harvey and her attorney on Tuesday were unsuccessful . A court hearing was held Monday in Collins County , Texas , on the matter . Harvey asked for sanctions against his ex-wife for allegedly violating the injunction barring her from talking about the family law case in the media or on the internet , and he was allowed to respond . Harvey "  is authorized to publish this order for the limited purpose of refuting the allegations of respondent Mary Lee Harvey , " the documents said . " ... all prior injunctions and gag orders remain in full force and effect . " The judge also ordered Mary Harvey to remove the videos from the internet -- YouTube and any other sites where they were located . A hearing is set for March 10 , the documents said . Edmonds said that hearing is on contempt of court allegations against Mary Harvey . "  During the contempt hearing , the court will listen to the evidence of the parties and determine if there is a violation of the orders and impose the appropriate sanctions and punishment . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The documents say that Mary Harvey was not evicted or penniless She made the allegations in a series of YouTube videos last month A contempt of court hearing is set for March 10 , attorney says
The Frisky  -- Jenni "  J-Woww " Farley of MTV "  Jersey Shore " fame might wear bedazzled boy-shorts as if they were long pants , but she is n't going to take them off for "  Playboy . " She has turned down a request to pose for the mag , even though the offer was reportedly for $ 400,000 . "  I am not going to do Playboy in the near future , " she told Ryan Seacrest on his KIIS-FM radio show recently . "  There is a better opportunity out there , which everybody will probably see soon . " Most think this "  better opportunity " is a possible "  Jersey Shore " spin-off show with her bestie , Snooki . Which has us craving pickles now . I guess we will just have to rely on our imaginations if we want to see J-Woww sans clothes . In her honor , here are 12 other ladies who turned down Playboy . The Frisky : 8 celeb who were former Hooters girls 1 . Mel Gibson 's ex-girlfriend and baby mama said "  never " Oksana Grigorieva also recently turned down Hugh and crew . She supposedly had an offer on the table for $ 75,000 offer to pose for "  full nude " shots and a cover . But Oksana 's rep Steve Jaffe stated , "  Not now , not ever , nor for any amount of money , would our client , Oksana Grigorieva , even consider any offer to pose for ` Playboy . ' " It does n't get much clearer than that , but maybe her reaction was due to the fact that J-Woww 's offer was allegedly much higher ? 2 . "  Maneater " singer wo n't do it even with clothes on Canadian songstress Nelly Furtado once turned down a reported $ 500,000 to pose fully clothed in "  Playboy . " Repeat : with her clothes on . Nelly denied the publisher , saying , "  To do it would be a vanity thing , an egotistical thing . It 's not to say I would never do it . It 's very tempting . " Half a million for fully clothed shots ? That 's a pretty decent ego boost . The Frisky : 12 stars posing using their hands as bras 3 . Lady Gaga wo n't take her pants off for money  just for free  Even though Lady Gaga spends a good amount of time not wearing pants , she turned down an offer to pose in the lad mag , even after Hugh himself Twittered his excitement about a potential shoot . "  I mean , if I was a glamour model , I would be delighted -LSB- with Playboy 's offer -RSB- , but for me it 's all about the music ... Ask me again , though , when I have a new album to plug . " Guess it is important to keep your options open . 4 . Born-again Bieber mama wo n't go there It 's kind of messed up that people like Justin Bieber so much that they want to see his mom naked . Patricia Bieber turned down a reported $ 50,000 offer to pose topless in "  Playboy . " Bieber 's rep said , "  While nature 's beauty in any form is worthy of appreciation , Justin 's mom Patricia is a born-again Christian . There is no truth that she would ever pose in "  Playboy , " as it goes against her religion . " Did you hear that , Carrie Prejean ? The Frisky : 8 celebs who were declared "  un-Christian " 5 . Maybe six is the magic number for this Spice Girl Former Spice Girl Melanie Brown has turned down "  Playboy " five times . She said , "  They 're offering me a ridiculous amount of money but I 'm just not ready to do it ... I 'll consider it in the future when I feel the time 's right . " Maybe there could be a Spice Girl reunion spread ? 6 . Lohan 's been there , done that "  Playboy " has been trying to get Lindsay Lohan naked for ages , most recently increasing her offer from a rumored $ 700,000 to $ 900,000 last year . One of Lindsay 's representatives said that Lindsay would "  be happy to do the cover , but no nudity ... If there 's nudity , then the answer 's no ... She 's not going down the ` New York Magazine ' road again . " I suppose the naked Marilyn Monroe-inspired shoot did cause a bit of a kerfuffle for Li-Lo The Frisky : 12 celebs who 've denied getting breast implants 7 . Citigroup banker eats her sexy words "  Too sexy " Citigroup banker Debrahlee Lorenzana was offered a reality show and a "  Playboy " spread . But Lorenzana said , "  I do n't want to be famous , I try to stay away from that . I just want to be an example , that 's all . If people in the future still remember my name , I want to be remembered as a woman who stood up for her rights . " Apparently , Lorenzana also appeared in a 2003 plastic surgery documentary saying she 'd like to be stacked like "  a little Playboy Playmate . " But that 's neither here nor there ... 8 . Jennifer Love Hewitt is not in love with the idea Jennifer Love Hewitt has dealt with plenty of needless controversy over her body , but had no desire to prove her critics wrong by taking it all off . Her rep confirmed that "  Playboy " had asked the actress to pose , saying , "  There was an offer , but she declined . " So much for seeing Jennifer 's body in the pages of "  Playboy . " The Frisky : 9 celebrities explain why they cheated 9 . Bad timing for the Hulk 's daughter "  Brooke Knows Best " star Brooke Hogan turned down the magazine in 2008 . Her representative said , "  Brooke just did n't feel that it was the right time ... It 's not out of the question for the future , but we 'll have to see . " I hope she waits until Hulk Hogan is n't around to see that because it 's confusing enough with his doppelganger girlfriend . 10 . Melissa Joan Hart learned her "  Maxim " lesson Melissa Joan Hart drew some controversy after posing in her skivvies for Maxim but said that it helped her turn down "  Playboy . " "  I learned that I did n't want to do "  Playboy . " They came around and offered me a million dollars , which I had to seriously consider , " she said . "  Initially it 's like , ` Yeah , I 'll take my clothes off for a million bucks , are you kidding ? ' ... But I decided that because of the reaction I got from "  Maxim " I was n't comfortable -- and my brother had that cover shoved in his face for months . That made me say no . " And that 's how Clarissa explained it all . The Frisky : I Googled my date and found out he was a rapist 11 . "  Playboy " played Jessica Alba You may have seen the Jessica Alba "  Playboy " cover , but the actress actually refused to pose for the magazine . After she was voted one of the "  25 Sexiest Celebrities " in 2006 , "  Playboy " asked and she turned them down , but they obtained a photo of a bikini-clad Alba from Columbia Pictures and ran it on their cover only . Alba said , "  Playboy " has violated my personal rights and blatantly misled the public who might think I had given them permission to put me on their cover when I did n't . " Teenage boys around the country were equally upset , we 're sure . 12 . Daughter of Darkness respectfully declined Last year , Kelly Osbourne received an offer from "  Playboy , " but turned them down , saying , "  It was the second time they have asked and respectfully I declined , as I do n't feel it 's the right thing for me . I know if I ever decided to do something like that I 'd want it to be tasteful and done very beautifully . But still I turned it down -- I would n't want my father or brother Jack to open up a magazine and see me naked ! " I 'm sure Ozzy and her bro are both grateful for such restraint . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Former Spice Girl Melanie Brown has turned down "  Playboy " five times Nelly Furtado once turned down a reported $ 500,000 to pose fully clothed in "  Playboy " The magazine has tried to get Lindsey Lohan for years , the most recent offer rumored to be $ 900,000
CNN  -- As a longtime political operative , I know firsthand how a vote here or a vote there can make a huge difference in a close election . And as Vice President Al Gore 's former campaign manager , I understand the impact U.S. Supreme Court decisions can have on electoral outcomes . These two reasons are why I 'm outraged by what 's going on in Ohio . This week , the Supreme Court , on the eve of early voting , ruled that efforts by Ohio Republicans to restrict early voting days were acceptable . This gets rid of what 's called the Golden Week in Ohio -- the period when voters can register and cast their ballot at the same time . It ended convenient voting hours , when Ohioans could vote after a long day at work -- as late as 9 p.m. . It also ended voting on one of the two Sundays before Election Day when many folks head to their polling place after church . These have been hallmarks of the Ohio voting system , but the Supreme Court and Republicans have yet again changed the rules in the middle of the game -- all to create barriers between people and the ballot box . And unfortunately it 's not just Ohio where Republicans have doggedly tried to restrict or cut early voting days or hours . In Wisconsin , Gov. Scott Walker and the GOP have reduced and limited the early voting period , including weekend voting . In North Carolina , the Republican governor and legislature took away a week of early voting . And in Georgia , a GOP legislator lamented a county 's move to expand early voting , saying he would "  prefer more educated voters " over black early voters . Think this does n't have any real impact ? Think again . In 2012 , a third of voters cast a ballot before Election Day , in person or by mail -- more than double the rate during the 2000 election . All told , more than 18 million voters cast an early in-person ballot when President Obama was re-elected . Voting should n't be a challenge . It should be as easy and accessible as possible . We should n't require forms of ID that folks do n't have , we should n't restrict days or hours that allow working people a chance to both do their job and exercise their democratic right , and we damn well should n't be throwing up new obstacles midstream . When obstacles are thrown up , we should have protections for voters . That 's why I was so frustrated when the Supreme Court last summer gutted the Voting Rights Act in Shelby v. Holder . The Supreme Court ruled that there 's no need for national oversight when localities and states with a history of racially discriminatory voting laws make voting rule changes . I 'm not alone with my frustration . A recent poll from Lake Research and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights found that nationally , 69 % of the American public favors restoring the VRA , with only 10 % opposing . Voters of both parties , all races , and every region across the country favor a congressional proposal to restore the Voting Rights Act . I 'm hopeful that Republicans and Democrats will , in the lame duck session after the 2014 elections or in the beginning of the next session of Congress , hammer out legislation that restores oversight and protects voters . As Democrats , we believe in giving every eligible citizen the opportunity to vote -- whether it 's early because they ca n't take off work on Election Day or absentee because they might have plans to be out of town . And we believe this for two reasons . First , when more people vote , Democrats win . That 's because more Americans agree with us on the big issues and the big questions -- like who 's got my back ? But second , it 's because our democracy is better when more people have skin in the game . Our democracy relies on participation and we 've never done better by excluding folks . If there 's one thing we can count on , it 's that the GOP is going to continue to come up with last minute schemes to make it more complicated , more confusing , or just plain more difficult for honest , hardworking citizens to vote on Election Day or before . It 's up to us to stop them .	Supreme Court ruled Ohio could restrict early voting ; other GOP states have also done it Donna Brazile : Court ruling also ends convenient hours that help working people vote Brazile : More and more people vote early , so GOP efforts to discourage it has big impact Brazile : Democracy relies on participation ; we 've never done better by excluding folks
Washington  CNN  -- Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood on Tuesday said federal officials need to "  keep harping " on personal responsibility in the wake of the latest claim of inattention by an air traffic controller -- this one reportedly was watching a movie while on duty -- and inaction by his supervisor . The controller has been suspended , pending an investigation , for watching a movie on a portable electronic device while he was working at the Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center in Oberlin , Ohio . His front-line manager , who was aware of it and did n't stop him , also was suspended , LaHood confirmed . The incident occurred early Sunday morning , when the audio from the Samuel L. Jackson thriller "  Cleaner " was transmitted over a radio frequency for more than three minutes . "  The problem was brought to air traffic control 's attention by the pilot of a military aircraft using an alternate frequency , " according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration . FAA policy prohibits the use of portable DVD players and other devices from being used in radar rooms . Stories of derelict controllers keep piling up , even as the head of the FAA and the leader of the controllers ' union started a cross-country tour to spread the gospel of professionalism to the rank and file . There have now been incidents in Washington ; Knoxville , Tennessee ; Reno , Nevada ; Seattle ; Lubbock , Texas ; and Miami in just the past couple of months . Scheduling rules have been adjusted and staffing beefed up to mitigate fatigue among controllers , but in the Ohio incident , fatigue does not appear to have been the issue . Personal responsibility "  really needs to become much more part of our training , " LaHood told CNN , "  much more of what our  FAA  administrator says to controllers as he travels the country and meets with them . "  I meet with controllers a lot , too , when I travel the country . I visit air traffic control towers and I guarantee it will be part of my message . " Pressed to explain why such incidents keep happening in spite of officials ' insistence that the situation will not be tolerated , LaHood said , "  Well , it wo n't be . " "  We 've done some things here in the short term like extending rest time from eight to nine hours . We 've moved supervisors into positions where we think it 's more important to have more supervisors , " "  And we will continue to do what we have to do to make sure the controllers understand they have to take personal responsibility for this most important safety job they have , " he said , . CNN Jeanne Meserve , Mike Ahlers , Carol Cratty and Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	NEW : LaHood says officials should "  keep harping " on personal responsibility NEW : A controller in Ohio and his supervisor have been suspended The controller was watching "  Cleaner , " a Samuel L. Jackson thriller , early Sunday Audio went out on a radio frequency , was reported to air traffic control by military pilot
ISLAMABAD , Paksitan  CNN  -- At least 41 people were killed and dozens wounded in a blast Monday at a security forces checkpoint in northwest Pakistan , authorities said . A girl places flowers at a shrine to army soldiers killed by militants who stormed Pakistan 's army HQ . About 45 people were injured in the explosion in the Shangla district in the volatile Swat Valley , said Syed Altaf Hussein , a senior government official in the area . The explosion targeted a military vehicle , officials said . The blast is the latest in a string of attacks in the country . On Saturday , militants attacked the army headquarters in Rawalpindi , killing 11 military personnel and three civilians , according to the Pakistani military 's press office . Nine militants died in the attack . A total of 39 hostages were freed Sunday morning after being held by five militants at the army headquarters . In a news conference Monday , the top spokesman for the Pakistani military said Saturday 's attack was planned by the Taliban based in South Waziristan . Gen. Athar Abbas said intelligence agents intercepted a phone call in which Pakistani Taliban commander Wali-ur Rehman was informed about the start of the attack . Rehman responded by calling for a prayer for the operation to succeed , Abbas said . Abbas said the leader of the operation , who was captured alive , is from Pakistan 's Punjab province . Four other militants were from Punjab as well . Five others were from South Waziristan . During the standoff , two of the militants held 22 hostages in a small room , Abbas said . One of the militants wore a suicide vest connected to a mine and a bomb . He sat in the middle of the 22 hostages . Abbas said this room was the focus of the operation and security forces were successful in storming the room and killing the militant with the suicide vest before he could detonate his bombs . Military officials said they have tightened security around army headquarters . The attacks will not deter Pakistan from launching an offensive in South Waziristan , the Interior Ministry said . South Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region along the Afghan border . Intelligence analysts consider it a haven for Islamic militants who have launched attacks in Pakistan and targeted U.S. forces in neighboring Afghanistan . A date for the offensive in the area has not been announced . The Shangla district east of Mingora is one of the areas where the military conducted search-and-destroy operations earlier this year . Troops targeted terrorist hideouts and reported the arrest of one militant leader and the death of another . Mingora is the largest city in the Swat Valley , where the Pakistani military is battling Taliban militants for control . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	41 killed in blast at security checkpoint in northwestern Pakistan Explosion occurs in the Shangla district in the volatile Swat Valley Intercepted phone call tipped officials to Saturday 's attack , general says Swat Valley has been scene of clashes with Taliban militants
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Amid high emotions and tight security , thousands lined the streets of Beirut Friday to honor Antoine Ghanem , the anti-Syrian Lebanese MP killed in a powerful bomb blast along with four others . Amin Gemayel  R  , Phalange party head , carries the coffin of assassinated deputy Antoine Ghamen . Against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor , the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in Wednesday 's rush hour blast made its way through the city 's Christian district to the Sacred Heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning . The procession was accompanied by thousands waving flags , as well as a brass band playing the anthem of Ghanem 's Phalange Party , The Associated Press reported TV pictures showed distraught mourners crowding and reaching out to the coffins as they were carried aloft . Several people were seen to collapse and had to be carried away . Mourners also carried photographs , threw rose petals and unfurled banners , some of which read "  We Wo n't Kneel , " AP said . The coffins were greeted at the Christian Maronite church with applause from the gathered mourners , the agency said , including majority leaders and the Lebanese cabinet as well as Ghanem 's family and friends . Ghanem was later buried in the city 's Christian district . Ghanem 's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-Syrian figures , with the most notorious being the February 2005 assassination in Beirut of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of Syrian forces from Lebanon . Hariri also died in a massive explosion . The incident threatens to cast the country into political uncertainty ahead of a key presidential vote in a tightly divided parliament , almost evenly split between anti- and pro-Syrian camps . Watch how Ghanem 's death disrupts Lebanese politics " CNN 's Beirut bureau chief Brent Sadler said that many Lebanese now feared for the future , especially given other events in the region including the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis , recent political differences in Iraq and Iran 's bid to become a super power . "  There continues to be among a great deal of people here a sense of foreboding that perhaps the worst is yet to come , " he said . U.S. President George W. Bush , in a written statement , joined other world leaders in condemning the "  horrific assassination . " "  Since October 2004 , there has been a tragic pattern of political assassinations and attempted assassinations designed to silence those Lebanese who courageously defend their vision of an independent and democratic Lebanon , " Bush said Wednesday . Also in a written statement , a spokesperson for Ban Ki-moon said the U.N. secretary-general "  condemns in the strongest terms this terrorist attack . " "  The secretary general urges all Lebanese to exercise utmost calm and restraint at this very critical time and to allow judicial procedures to take their course , " the spokesperson said . Bush 's statement added : "  The United States opposes any attempts to intimidate the Lebanese people as they seek to exercise their democratic right to select a president without foreign interference . We will continue to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the Lebanese people as they resist attempts by the Syrian and Iranian regimes and their allies to destabilize Lebanon and undermine its sovereignty . " The U.S. Embassy in Beirut issued a statement saying : "  It is not a coincidence that these attacks target those figures who have been working to secure Lebanon 's independence from renewed Syrian hegemony . We note with concern that many Lebanese politicians allied with Syria have in fact warned that murder and violence would be the results of any effort to exercise genuine parliamentary democracy . " And U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , in a written statement , said : "  The bombing that claimed these lives was another act in a campaign of terror by those who want to turn back the clock on Lebanon 's hard-won democratic gains . " "  The world should speak with one voice in calling for an end to violence in Lebanon intended to subvert democratic processes in that country , " Rice said . "  Lebanese elections , scheduled to begin in just days , must proceed , in accordance with the Constitution , without threats of foreign interference and the violence that accompanies such obstruction . " E-mail to a friend	Thousands lined Beirut streets to honor anti-Syrian MP , killed in car bomb blast Noted parliamentarian killed along with four others during Wednesday rush hour Flag-draped coffin paraded through streets before burial in Christian district Day of national mourning called , with schools , universities , public offices shut
CNN  -- A producer of bagged salad leaves has issued a voluntary recall of various salad blends over concerns they may be contaminated with salmonella , the Food and Drug Administration announced . Taylor Farms Retail of California is recalling 3,265 cases of salads following a random test on a finished package of spinach by the Washington State Department of Agriculture , the FDA said . There have been no reported illnesses attributed to the recalled items , according to the FDA . The products were distributed in Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Kentucky , Missouri , New Mexico , New York , North Carolina , Oregon , South Carolina , Texas , Virginia , Washington , and Puerto Rico and sold in various retail supermarkets , the FDA said . The recall affects several salad blends under the brands Fresh Selections , H-E-B , Marketside , and Taylor Farms . The products have "  best by " dates of between October 18 and 21 . The FDA says salmonella is a bacteria that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems . Healthy people may experience fever , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , and diarrhea that may be bloody . In rare cases , the organism can get into the bloodstream and cause more serious complications .	More than 3,200 cases of salads are being recalled There are no reports of illnesses related to the salads The products were distributed in 14 states and Puerto Rico
CNN  -- Billy Joel and his wife , Katie Lee Joel , are separating . Billy Joel married Katie Lee in 2004 . "  After nearly five years of marriage , Billy Joel and Katie Lee Joel have decided to separate , " a joint statement on behalf of the pair said . "  This decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration . Billy and Katie remain caring friends with admiration and respect for each other . " Billy Joel , 60 , and Katie Lee Joel , 27 , were married in 2004 . Billy Joel is the multimillion-selling musician behind such albums as "  The Stranger , " "  52nd Street " and "  Storm Front . " Katie Lee is a food critic and chef . The marriage was the third for Billy Joel . His marriage to Elizabeth Weber ended in divorce in 1982 after nine years . He married his second wife , model Christie Brinkley , in 1985 ; they divorced in 1994 . Both Joels have retained attorneys , according to a report in the New York Daily News . Billy Joel 's publicist , Claire Mercuri , told the Daily News the singer was bearing up well . "  Billy 's doing fine , " Mercuri said . "  He 's looking forward to resuming his Face2Face Tour with Elton John . "	Billy Joel separating from wife of almost five years , Katie Lee Joel "  This decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration , " said joint statement Marriage was Billy Joel 's third
CNN  -- The Sacramento Kings wo n't be headed north to Seattle after all -- despite its owners reaching a deal to sell the team to a Washington state group -- after NBA executives voted Wednesday to reject such a move . Twenty-two members of the league 's Board of Governors rejected the Kings ' relocation bid , while eight voted in favor . Commissioner David Stern cited the existence of a "  strong ownership group , " a construction team and plan to build a new arena , plus strong support from Sacramento 's mayor and others in the region , as reasons why the Kings will remain in northern California . "  I would say it 's a victory for Sacramento , not the NBA , " Stern told reporters , applauding the "  excellent " if ultimately unsuccessful Seattle bid . Wednesday 's vote follows months of talks between members of the Maloof family , the majority owners of the Kings , and a Seattle-based group that includes investor Chris Hansen and Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer . In January , these two parties reached a deal for that group to buy the Maloofs ' 53 % share of the team as well as minority owner Bob Hernreich 's 12 % stake . But that agreement needed the OK of the NBA 's Board of Governors to go through . It did n't happen . The Maloof family and Hansen 's group , though , kept on talking , leading to another deal  for a higher price  and this week 's scheduled vote by the NBA board . Meanwhile , Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson -- himself a former all-star NBA guard -- kept pushing to keep the Kings in his city . That involved crafting a stadium plan and working with a group of individuals committed to keeping the team in Sacramento . Stern said that over the "  next 24 to 48 hours , " NBA officials will talk to the Maloofs to try to "  facilitate an agreement " for them to sell the Kings to the so-called Ranadive group , thus assuring the team remains in California . And he vowed "  fair dealing and ultimate consideration down to the road " for any future efforts to land an NBA team in Seattle , which saw its last franchise -- the Supersonics -- leave for Oklahoma City in 2008 . After Wednesday 's vote , Johnson said he was excited the Kings are staying put , saying it will be a boon for his city . And he promised that he and others in Sacramento will continue working to execute their plan . "  We 're going to deliver . Why ? Because it 's bigger than basketball , " Johnson said . "  We 're talking economic development and job creation . "	The NBA Board of Governors votes 22-8 to reject the Kings move to Seattle NBA 's commissioner calls it "  a victory for Sacramento " more than a defeat for Seattle Sacramento 's mayor calls the vote "  bigger than basketball " for his city and region
CNN  It 's hard to believe Johannesburg did n't exist 130 years ago . It used to be a dusty , one-horse kind of place where a few farmers eked out a living from the land , although traces of early human habitation go back millions of years . Modern Johannesburg was born with the discovery of gold . Almost overnight , it became one of the fastest-growing cities in the world as fortune-seekers rushed in . The stories that make up the Joburg 's past shape its character today , rewarding visitors who venture beyond the sanitized streets of wealthy Sandton to discover the real heartbeat of Egoli , the "  City of Gold , " as it is also known . It has golden foundations The richest city in South Africa , Joburg is also one of the biggest economies in Africa overall -- its wealth built upon that discovery of gold in the late 1800s . "  There was no indigenous population , no water and the only reason for this city 's existence was the discovery of gold , " says Nechama Brodie , editor of The Joburg Book , a guide to the history of the city . "  It laid the foundation for everything else that happened , even the layout of the roads . " Within a few years , Joburg had become like an African Las Vegas , its wagons and tents transformed into brick buildings and the dusty gathering places become thriving market squares . But the wealth came at a cost : poverty forced many black Africans to work in the mines and they lived in terrible conditions . Nowadays , gold is no longer such a significant part of Joburg 's economy . But that frontier spirit -- a sense that anything is possible -- remains and continues to attract people . Gold Reef City , south of Joburg  +2711 248 6800  , provides a glimpse of the city 's golden past . Sure , it 's a bit kitsch but the recreated mining town features an original mine shaft you can ride down and you also get the chance to pan for gold . Standard Bank in the CBD or Central Business District  5 Simmonds St.  features a small museum around a mine shaft inside the building , and from the top of the 50-storey Carlton Center  152 Commissioner St. ; +2711 308 1331  you have a good view of the mine dumps surrounding the city . Past Experiences  +27 11 678 3905  is one of the best companies for walking tours around the CBD . Everyone 's from out of town -- originally Everyone in Johannesburg seems to come from somewhere else . That contributes to the openness of the place compared with places such as Cape Town , which can feel cliquey to outsiders . "  Everyone in Joburg is a migrant , whether they -LSB- their families -RSB- arrived here 125 or two years ago , " says Jo Buitendach , founder of a company , Past Experiences , which runs tours of the city center . "  Joburg is the whole of Africa , or the world , in one city -- you could be eating braaied fish cooked by someone from the Democratic Republic of Congo in Yeoville one minute and then Pakistani street food in Fordsburg the next . " Different ethnic neighborhoods reflect the various communities that moved here a century ago in search of riches -- Fordsburg has an Indian feel while old Chinatown in Ferreirasdorp in the CBD and new Chinatown in Cyrildene are the best places for a curry or dim sum . Many of the migrants found the streets were not paved with gold , and that was especially true of black Africans . Mine workers living in rundown hostels were eventually forced out of the city to live in townships such as Alexandra and Soweto . Today , it 's wealth rather than legislative segregation that means many people still face very long commutes into the city . A great place to learn about the history of migrant labor is the Workers ' Museum , in a vividly restored former Newtown hostel  52 Jeppe Street ; +27 11 492 0600  . Joburg was at the center of the anti-apartheid fight The people of Joburg , and especially Soweto , were instrumental in the struggle against apartheid . Nelson Mandela moved to the city from the Eastern Cape to study at Wits University and opened the first black law firm in South Africa with another ANC activist , Oliver Tambo , at Chancellor House in downtown Joburg . The restored building  corner Fox and Gerard Sekoto Streets  now houses a ground-floor photographic museum . Also worth a visit is Liliesleaf Farm in the affluent northern suburb of Rivonia  7 George Avenue ; +27 011 803 7882  , where 19 ANC activists including Mandela were arrested and brought to trial leading to his imprisonment for 27 years on Robben Island . Music and the arts played a significant role in the anti-apartheid struggle , and the Johannesburg neighborhood of Sophiatown was at the heart of this cultural movement in the 1950s . Legendary musicians such as Miriam Makeba and Hugh Masekela played in the jazz clubs of this then racially integrated area that was the first target of forced removal of black people in the 1950s . Today , the spirit of Sophiatown is being revived through arts projects . The Sophiatown Heritage and Cultural Center  cnr Edward and Toby Streets ; +2783 550 7130  runs walking tours in the area . Some of humankind 's oldest traces have been found here Johannesburg has one of the longest recorded histories of human habitation in the world . The earliest residents can be traced back 3 million years -- their presence preserved in a World Heritage Site called the Cradle of Humankind  +27 14 577 9000  50 kilometers north of the city . The area has been the scene of some of the world 's most important paleontological finds , including the perfectly preserved hominid skeleton "  Little Foot . " Maropeng , the visitor center housed within a giant grassy mound , has displays showing humankind 's journey through time . You can also walk through the Sterkfontein Caves , scene of some of the most exciting archaeological finds in the area . Museum Africa  121 Bree Street , Newtown ; +27 11 833 5624  has a wide range of displays exploring Africa 's first civilizations . Melville Koppies  Judith Road , Emmerentia ; +27 11 482 4797  , a nature reserve in the heart of Joburg with evidence of Stone Age settlements , is a good place to escape the hectic pace of the city . It 's inadvisable to go here alone , so join a guided walk .	Modern Johannesburg was born 130 years ago , after gold was discovered It 's a city of immigrants -- with an open , friendly atmosphere Earliest inhabitants can be traced back 3 million years
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A summer with budget-busting gasoline prices seems like the worst time to launch a cross-country road trip from California to Georgia , but this one is different : We 're road-testing alternative fuel that might help reduce pollution and break the nation 's reliance on foreign oil . CNN.com 's Cody McCloy , left , and co-pilot Brian Hardy set out on their biofuel experiment on July 28 . The gasoline alternative is called biodiesel , and it 's made by chemically modifying vegetable oil . The resulting biodiesel is nontoxic , biodegradable and can be blended at any level with regular diesel . Most diesel cars can run on it , and it can be found in more and more places around the country . Watch Web developer Brian Hardy and I make a two-week journey from California 's San Francisco Bay area to Atlanta , Georgia , on CNN.com Live . During our road trip , we 're blogging and reporting about what kind of mileage we 're getting with biodiesel fuel and how easy it is to find places that sell it . See Cody 's road trip photos " Biodiesel is just one of several biofuels powering more and more U.S. cars and trucks . Mesa , Arizona , for example , has switched its fleet of 1,000 municipal vehicles such as fire engines and street sweepers to biodiesel and other green fuels such as ethanol , and compressed natural gas . Watch a quick tour of Cody 's vehicle " Some biofuels are less expensive per gallon than gasoline -- cutting the average cost of gas by 20 to 35 cents per gallon , according to the U.S. Department of Energy . An average American family can save up to $ 300 per year by using ethanol , according to the DOE Web site . Biodiesel fuel , however , is not always cheaper than gasoline -- although it is made using renewable resources , such as vegetable oil or used cooking oil . The pros and cons of alternative fuels " Atlanta-area biodiesel dealer Rob Del Bueno says -- if you really think about it -- it 's amazing how something as simple as a gallon of fuel can move a heavy multi-ton vehicle down the road . "  We think fuel is expensive , but for what you get , the price that you pay at the pump is so insignificant to what 's really going on . " But Department of Energy chemical engineer John Scahill warns that the price of petroleum -- now at about $ 125 per barrel -- will become "  prohibitively expensive within our lifetime . " About $ 333 billion exited the United States in 2007 due to the purchase of oil , according to Scahill , illustrating the high cost of importing foreign energy . Biofuel is produced and sold in the United States -- which keeps money from those transactions circulating inside the U.S. economy . "  About 140 billion gallons of gasoline per year are used for transportation in the United States , " said Scahill , "  and we can save about a third of that if we maximize our use of biofuels . " Our biodiesel vehicle is a 1978 International Harvester Scout that we purchased in San Jose , California , just for this adventure . We trust this all-terrain classic will serve us well on our trip . CNN.com users can vote on possible destinations at the bottom of the American Road Trips special report here . We 'll talk to experts about emerging energy sources that offer alternatives to oil including wind power , hydro-electric and solar . Follow Cody 's trip on interactive map " And we 'll offer tips on how to make your summer road trip more environmentally friendly and easier on your pocketbook . We 'll be testing GPS navigation gear and other cool gadgets to see how they work during a real road trip . But because it 's a road trip , we 'll also be camping and enjoying some of the most spectacular sites in the Southwest and Southeastern United States . And we 'll be asking CNN.com users to suggest destinations and to vote on where we travel .	CNN.com crew to drive from California to Georgia on biodiesel fuel Biodiesel fuel is made from chemically modified vegetable oil Follow road trip on CNN.com Live and on CNN.com 's Sci-Tech blog Crew to offer green road trip tips ; vote on possible destinations here
CNN  -- An embattled Nevada councilwoman e-mailed a friend about items intended for her mother and called police shortly before they found her and her husband dead in an apparent murder-suicide , police in Mesquite said Wednesday . "  Detectives were advised that Bill Fairchild was the victim of a homicide-suicide . The crime scene and autopsy were consistent that Bill was deceased approximately an hour before Donna , " said Chief Douglas L. Law in a statement after the autopsy . Each of the Fairchilds suffered a single gunshot wound . The bodies were found Tuesday morning , hours before Donna Fairchild was to attend a City Council meeting and face possible sanctions over a travel expense voucher and public comments . A neighbor told CNN on Wednesday she had lunch with Donna Fairchild on Monday and was the recipient of a box left by the councilwoman , apparently on the morning of the shootings . According to police , Donna Fairchild contacted City Attorney Cheryl Truman Hunt around 8:30 p.m. Monday to discuss an opportunity to meet with the mayor and council in order to tender her resignation before the meeting . The city attorney at 10 p.m. confirmed with Fairchild a Tuesday afternoon meeting with the mayor and council . At a news conference , police in this city along Interstate 15 near the Arizona border provided a timeline of the events that led to the shooting deaths . Sometime late Monday or early Tuesday , Donna Fairchild dropped off a box at the friend 's house , Law said . "  At 4:20 a.m. , an email was sent by Donna to a friend to say she left a note with a box on her friend 's porch to be sent to Donna 's mother , " the statement said . "  At 4:33 a.m. , Police Dispatch received a 911 call from Donna Fairchild which gave her address , said her door was unlocked and that she would be ` post-suicide . ' " "  At 4:35 a.m. , officers and detectives arrived on scene and located Donna and Bill Fairchild in the back bedroom and found each with a single gunshot wound . Both were deceased . " Toxicology tests conducted by the Clark County Coroner 's Office were expected to take four to six weeks , according to the city . The city released the audio of the 911 call , in which Donna Fairchild gave the address , said the couple was in the bedroom , the front door was unlocked and "  I am post-suicide . " The police dispatcher said , "  And what 's going on there ? " There was no audible response . Melanie Giarratana said she had known the Fairchilds for about 10 years and enjoyed a lunch Monday with Donna Fairchild . "  It was wonderful , " said Giarratana , who has been active in local issues and economic development in this resort town that features golf resorts and casinos . Donna Fairchild had told her she had made a mistake by filing a $ 94.60 mileage expense form for a trip city officials said she did not make , Giarratana said . But the councilwoman said she never signed for the check . Giarratana said she had no inkling of what was to occur the next morning . Donna Fairchild forwarded her an e-mail joke around 8 p.m. Monday . The councilwoman sent her another e-mail around 4:20 a.m. Tuesday about the box , but Giarratana did not see the e-mail until 7 a.m. , when she found the package outside her home . According to Giarratana , Donna Fairchild wrote her , "  I have left a box full of items for my Mom by your front door . Please make sure she gets it ! I know this will never make sense . I am sorry . Thank you for being my BFF . " Bound in rubber bands , the box contained jewelry , cash and a note expressing apologies , Giarratana said . Mesquite city spokesman Bryan Dangerfield said Tuesday that a note and a 9mm handgun were found at the scene . "  The content of the note will not be disclosed until the investigation is complete , " Dangerfield said . City Manager Timothy Hacker said he believed that Donna Fairchild was concerned about the agenda items , according to CNN Las Vegas affiliate KLAS . Fairchild , who was a candidate for mayor , told the Desert Valley Times last week that she would not comment on the allegations against her but instead would talk about them Tuesday evening . Mayor Susan Holecheck and the city had planned to ask the City Council to consider sanctioning Fairchild through possible reprimand , removal from boards or expulsion for filing the $ 94.60 mileage reimbursement request with the city for a January 4 Nevada Development Authority board meeting she allegedly did not attend , according to an item on the council agenda . Fairchild allegedly violated the city 's code of conduct and its personnel policy , and she allegedly presented a fraudulent claim to a public officer , Hunt wrote in a January 18 memo . Holecheck , who is seeking re-election , and Hunt also wanted the City Council to consider removing Fairchild as the city 's representative to the Nevada Development Authority board of directors . According to a filing on the agenda , comments Fairchild made about the authority in a newspaper article "  were negative towards this agency , and deemed incompatible with the mission of the agency and good working relations with other NDA board members . " A January 7 article of the Desert Valley Times includes interviews and comments from Mesquite mayoral candidates . In the article , Fairchild said , "  We just got a bill from the Nevada Development Authority : It costs $ 7,500 to belong . There was one thing that came out of the NDA , and that was Do It Best . That was huge for the community , but I do n't think we 're getting the bang for our buck . " In the article , Fairchild said that Mesquite should be doing most of its own marketing . NDA Executive Director Somer Hollingsworth wrote Holecheck that Fairchild -- who was the city 's representative to the board since July 2009 -- should have brought her concerns to him , rather than airing them publicly , especially since she was a member of the NDA executive committee , according to an e-mail attached with the filing . According to the agenda item , Fairchild could have discussed her issues with the NDA if she had attended the January 4 board meeting . Donna Fairchild served on the City Council from 2001 to 2007 and was re-elected in 2009 . She moved to Mesquite with Bill Fairchild in 1999 after they both retired from the Denver Police Department , the city said . In Mesquite , Bill Fairchild worked at a recreation center and was a member of the Virgin Valley Honor Guard and the Veterans of Foreign War . The Fairchilds were married for 21 years , the city said . "  They had an excellent marriage , " Giarratana said . The friend of the couple said she does not believe the issues with the city were enough to push Donna Fairchild over the edge . "  I can not figure out what happened between 8 p.m. and 4:20 a.m. , " Giarratana said . She said Donna Fairchild wanted to continue her mayoral campaign and deal with the issues , but Giarratana was unaware that the councilwoman had apparently planned to resign Tuesday . "  The town is in total shock , " Giarratana said . "  The town is weeping . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Friend recounts "  wonderful " lunch with councilwoman day before Police say autopsy shows husband died about an hour before his wife Councilwoman Donna Fairchild of Mesquite , Nevada , faced possible sanctions City Council was to look at mileage reimbursement request , another matter
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- There have been several points in my career as a producer and camera operator where I 've realized that I have one of the best jobs in the world . This usually occurs to me in remote and interesting places like South Africa or Denmark or something . I 'd been on the Santa Clarita , California , set of "  Jackass 3D " for about two hours , watching two gigantic cranes catapult a Port-O-Potty containing star Steve-O and gallons of fecal matter 10 stories in the air when the feeling struck me again . Admittedly , I 'm a longtime fan of the "  Jackass " franchise , which was born out of an article for Big Brother magazine in 1999 . A friend showed me a clip of Johnny Knoxville getting shocked with a stun gun while hoisting an American flag , and I 've been on board ever since . When I heard about the 3-D project , I have to admit I was worried . I was concerned that the Jackass concept was old and tired , and its stars -- Johnny , Steve-O , Chris Pontius , Wee Man , Bam Margera , and Preston Lacy -- had run out of ideas . With nothing left in their creative arsenal , they wandered out of "  Avatar " one afternoon and decided that they would jump on the 3-D bandwagon to cash in one last time . However , a few days on set showed me those concerns were unfounded . The Jackass joie de vivre was alive and well , and the addition of a third dimension only enhanced the jaw-dropping inexplicable hilarity of the crew 's antics . See the rest of The Cast and Crew of Jackass 3D at VBS.TV By mid-morning of my first day onset , Steve-O had been launched hundreds of feet in the air and the crew -- along with maybe $ 1 million worth of 3-D camera equipment -- had been coated with a fine spray of human and animal waste . Director Jeff Tremaine was screaming at a gagging camera operator to get b-roll shots of the poop-slicked interior of the Port-O-Potty that Steve-O had been strapped in moments before . Despite the smell and intermittent bouts of vomiting by the crew , I could tell that everyone on set knew they 'd created something special . I went from having the feeling that I had one the best jobs in the world to being pretty sure the cast and crew from Jackass had it all figured out .	Using just handheld video cameras , "  Jackass " franchise had humble , low-tech beginning Johnny Knoxville and core group of cast and crew has been together since the start Technology required to produce 3-D film meant embracing new equipment , crew members
CNN  -- They were sons and daughters , with their whole lives ahead of them . Until -- for reasons no one has yet explained -- their lives came to a horrific , bloody halt on a rural road on Tennessee 's Cumberland Plateau . Dominic Davis , 17 Davis was new to Tennessee , having recently moved from Colorado with his family "  to make life better , " Cumberland County 's school district explained in information distributed to the media . But in his short time here , school superintendent Donald Andrews told CNN , "  They had endeared themselves to the community . " A sophomore at Cumberland County High School , where he was well-liked and respected , Davis loved art , music and sports , especially basketball . Academically , his goal was modest -- to pass all his classes with at least a C . But in life , as he wrote in a class assignment , it was deeper and loftier : "  I want to be remembered not as the best man alive , but the most respected . " Suspect detained in Tennessee Steven Presley , 17 Presley used to miss class often . But his attendance was perfect after transferring to The Phoenix School , where he stood out -- and was singled out -- as an example that students could change and improve their lives . And Presley made others ' lives better in the process . The school district described him as "  always happy , smiling , funny , kindhearted , sweet and polite , " the type pf person "  who would do anything for anyone  and  was loved by all who knew him . " He graduated from The Phoenix School in May . By then , Presley had already made a big impression with people from all walks of life who were lucky enough to cross his path . "  He reached out to those that no one else would , " according to staff cited by the school district , "  and treated everyone as a friend . " John Lajeunesse , 16 Lajeunesse had attended Cumberland County and Stone Memorial High School before settling in more recently as a home-schooled student . Outside of academics , his interests were n't atypical for a teen growing up in rural Tennessee . He liked to go four-wheeling , loved to skateboard and wanted to spend more time hunting than he could , said Michael Rick , who lives with his family . Rick described Lajeunesse as very loving toward his family , dedicating himself to his mother , sister and baby niece . If he 'd lived one month more , Lajeunesse would have turned 17 . But for reasons those close to him are grappling to fathom , his loved ones are now mourning instead of celebrating . Said Rick : "  He was only 16 . He was just getting out to live life . " Lajeunesse 's younger sister , Katie , said she would miss the usual brother-sister stuff , like arguing with him . "  He never stayed in one place . He was always on the go , " Katie , 15 , said . "  He was sweet , he made it fun . " Rikki Jacobsen , 22 The Cumberland County school district offered the least information on Jacobsen , beyond that she was the mother of a student attending an elementary school in the system . That child , a son , was Jacobsen 's life , according to a friend . "  She loved her little boy more than life itself , " said the friend , who asked not be named because they had not been friends for too long . "  She talked about her child a lot . That 's what saddens me the most . " In fact , Jacobsen was chatty . "  She was very nice , she was innocent , and she could n't stop talking , " her friend said . "  She had something to say about every topic . "	Four people -- three teenagers and a young mother -- are found shot dead in Tennessee 1 victim was held up as a model student and citizen , school district says Another recently moved from Colorado , aiming to be "  most respected " Friend : The slain woman "  could n't stop talking , " especially about her son
CNN  -- The fourth typhoon to hit the Philippines in a month came ashore east of the capital , Manila , on Saturday morning , bringing heavy rain , flooding , and washing away shanty houses near the coast . Typhoon Mirinae quickly moved west into the South China Sea and became a tropical storm . It was forecast to continue due west and then take a slight turn south , hitting Vietnam in about 48 hours , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . There were power flashes across Manila , as the storm hit Saturday and cut the electricity supply , videographer James Reynolds said . The storm was weaker than expected , he said , but it still brought fierce winds and lots of rain . "  The wind and the rain and the floods have still caused quite a considerable amount of damage , certainly in the southeastern portion of the city , which is where we were , " Reynolds told CNN by phone from Manila . "  We saw many shanty-type houses that had been washed away and residents frantically try to get hold of their household material . " Are you there ? Share photos , video of the weather The storm dropped at least 85 millimeters  3.3 inches  of rain on Manila . The city of Daet , on the eastern coast , received 149 millimeters  5.8 inches  of rain , and Virac , which sits on an island that juts into the Pacific , received 72 millimeters  2.8 inches  of rain . Watch water and wind pummel islands The first of the four typhoons to batter the Philippines happened in late September , when Ketsana drenched the island nation with its heaviest rainfall in 40 years . Eighty percent of Manila flooded and more than 420 people died . See images from Mirinae Flooding from Ketsana has lasted well into October , and tens of thousands of people are still in evacuation centers , according to the disaster coordinating council . On October 3 , Typhoon Parma made landfall in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon , the largest of the Philippine islands . It destroyed 55,000 houses and killed more than 430 people . Last week a third typhoon , Lupit , narrowly missed making landfall but still brought lots of rain to the Philippines .	Storm hits Saturday , cuts electricity supply , videographer says Storm washes away many shanty houses near the coast A third typhoon , Lupit narrowly missed making landfall last week
CNN  -- When Butler plays Duke for the national championship of college basketball Monday night , you can count on two things with absolute certainty : 1 . The television ratings for CBS will fall somewhere within the range of really impressive to enormous . 2 . You will see commercials featuring famous professional athletes , doing their best to persuade you to purchase the products they are endorsing . Which brings us to a seldom-questioned oddity about contemporary life : What do you think would happen if there was a highly publicized court case , and the defense lawyer asked the jury to acquit the defendant because of the emotional testimony of an eyewitness -- and the prosecutor announced that the witness had been paid a huge fee by the defense ? Would the the jury have any faith in the witness ? The witness ' testimony would , with good reason , be considered worthless . Or : How would you feel if you read an ecstatic movie review that made you want to run right down to the theater and buy a ticket -- and then it was reported that the reviewer had received a large check from the movie studio to make sure he gave the film a rave ? You 'd want your money back . You 'd realize that the review meant less than nothing . The reviewer 's opinion of the movie was based not on genuinely admiring it , but on being paid to make you think it was good . If it turned out that the critic was taking money to say he liked certain films , his days as a reviewer would be over . And it would n't matter if he swore to you that he truly enjoyed the movie , and that the money had nothing to do with it . What if a friend told you that you should go to an allegedly wonderful restaurant , and then you found out that he or she was being paid by the owner to send people there ? Chances are that your enthusiasm would wane -- both for the restaurant , and for the friend . This is all elementary . If someone accepts cash in exchange for offering a positive evaluation of something , then the evaluation must be tossed out . It 's worse than meaningless . Yet in the arena of celebrity endorsements -- most notably , endorsements by prominent athletes -- not only is the public 's disbelief suspended , but people do n't seem to particularly care that the recommendation is bought and paid for . When I have tried over the years to make the case for the inherent undependability of these endorsements , people have said that yes , of course , that position is correct -- but that it does n't matter . When celebrities are paid to say they like something , studies show , it generally translates into increased sales for the companies that hire them . Thus , when a stellar basketball player comes out of college , there is great speculation surrounding the question of what shoe company he will sell his name to , and at what price . Bidding wars develop , and escalate ; often the competition is reported in the press , and the winning shoe company celebrates like a presidential candidate who has just found out he has passed the magic number of votes in the Electoral College . Same thing with soft-drink bottlers and energy-bar manufacturers and pain-relief purveyors . The companies know that nothing sells with the public -- and particularly the young male segment of the public -- like a smiling word of affirmation from a top-tier athlete . So one company raises its offer , to be topped by a competing company , to be topped again until there is only one company remaining . And that is when the athlete proclaims to the skies that this is the shoe/soda pop/anti-inflammatory strip that he loves best . You ca n't blame the athletes for taking the money . Who would n't ? But at least once in a while , the rest of us may want to step back to consider that this is the kind of recommendation we should trust the least . And that conversely , in a sensible world , the only recommendations in which we should have any faith would be the ones for which athletes and celebrities were paid nothing at all . Not that such an endorsement would ever happen . Try to imagine a commercial that looks like this : An internationally renowned basketball star is shown in a perfectly framed piece of film footage . He is lighted heroically ; he glides down the court , slams home a dunk , turns to the camera and says : "  I could n't have done it without my -LSB- insert brand name of shoe or energy drink -RSB- . And the funny thing is , they told me that they could n't pay me any money for this commercial . -LSB- Brand name of competing shoe or competing energy drink -RSB- offered me $ 40 million over 10 years to tell you that I like their -LSB- shoe or energy drink -RSB- , but the fact is I like this -LSB- shoe or energy drink -RSB- better . That 's why I 'm telling you to buy it -- because I buy it , too , and with my own money . " The athlete would likely be declared clinically insane . The world does n't work that way . At least the sports endorsement world does n't . Enjoy the game Monday night . And the next time you 're following one of those televised trials , look at the star witness and think about just how much his testimony would be worth to someone . If only he could smash home runs or throw touchdown passes or hit three-pointers at the buzzer , he 'd be in business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Celebrity endorsements are accepted as natural He says people would n't have faith in film critics whose praise is paid for by movie studios Greene : Why put any credence in what a celebrity is paid millions to say ?
Hong Kong  CNN  -- What started off as an exciting boat trip to celebrate China 's National Day in Hong Kong quickly turned into a nightmare for more than 100 passengers on board . Local power company Hong Kong Electric had been ferrying a group of its employees and their families to watch an evening fireworks display in the city 's Victoria Harbor when it collided with a ferry heading from Hong Kong Island to Lamma , one of 200 outlying islands in the territory . Passengers on board the stricken vessel described how quickly the water rushed in . "  First it was up to here and then here . The water rose so quickly . We thought we were going to die for sure , " one woman , who declined to be named , told CNN affiliate i-Cable . Read more : Hong Kong 's worst ferry disaster in decades "  Everyone was underwater . The boat overturned ; everything came crashing down ; the chair slid down . " Another woman recounted her terrifying ordeal trying to free herself from her seat as the boat sank . "  My leg was stuck , and I could n't get it out . I thought I would n't be able to get it out , and I was going to die , " she said . "  The water was suffocating me . My friend tugged with all her might and got my leg out . I was wearing a life jacket , so I floated up to the surface . I had swallowed a lot of water . I really thought I was going to die . Thinking about all those at the bottom who were stuck , they 're not here anymore . " A male passenger described the chaos as the boat rolled violently . "  I opened the window and pushed a child out . I put a life jacket on him and pushed him out first , " he told i-Cable . "  At the time , it was very chaotic . The boat was completely standing straight up in the water . It was chaotic . All the tables and chairs were everywhere . It was like a slide ; everything was sliding down . " The shocked survivor admitted he did n't know where his wife was . Rescue services , quickly on the scene with boats and helicopters , managed to pluck more than 100 people from the water , though 28 were declared dead on the scene , while another nine died in hospital . The other vessel involved -- a regular passenger ferry -- managed to limp to the safety of the pier just a few hundred meters away on Lamma , southwest of Hong Kong Island . Witnesses on board the ferry described the moment the two vessels collided . "  We suddenly heard a loud noise . Then the boat swung to one side , and we lost our balance , " one man , named as Mr. Yip , told i-Cable . "  People fell . They fell off their seats . They hit themselves . After a while , when everything calmed down , we saw we were almost at the pier , so we asked the captain if we could dock first . "  When we did so , our boat was flooded . The front of the ship had water in it , so people got nervous again . " Chris Head , a teacher from Lamma , said the ferry went from what felt like full speed to "  an abrupt halt . " He said he thought they 'd hit "  a rock or a lighthouse . " Meanwhile , rescuers continued their search for survivors off Lamma on Tuesday morning in full view of commuters as ferries resumed their services to the main islands to the north . Were you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . CNN 's Jane Sit contributed to this report .	37 people drowned after ferries collide of Hong Kong 's Lamma island Survivors recall chaos , speed the passenger vessel sank in the water One of the boats had been ferrying passengers to a fireworks display Impact was like hitting a rock or a lighthouse , another passenger says
CNN  -- The mayor of crime-ridden Camden , New Jersey , has announced layoffs of nearly half of the city 's police force and close to a third of its fire department . One hundred sixty-eight police officers and 67 firefighters were laid off Tuesday , as officials struggle to close a $ 26.5 million budget gap through a series of belt-tightening measures , Mayor Dana Redd told reporters . The layoffs take effect immediately . Redd said she was unable to secure the $ 8 million in budget concessions that she says she needed to save the jobs of up to 100 police officers and many of the city 's firefighters . The mayor -- who said she will continue negotiations with police and fire unions -- had been asking the workers to pay more for their health care , freeze or reduce their salaries and take furlough days . The apparent impasse has left administrators of a city with the second-highest crime rate in the nation scrambling to figure out solutions to keep residents safe . Camden is second only to St. Louis , Missouri , in annual rankings of cities based on compilations of FBI crime statistics . Some clerical officers were demoted and reassigned to the streets , the mayor said , pledging that the cuts would not affect public safety . "  We 're still going to protect our residents , " said Robert Corrales , spokesman for Redd . Public safety "  will remain our top concern . We 'll shift our resources to be more efficient with what we have . " But police and firefighter union officials say the layoffs will most certainly have an impact . "  It 's absolutely , physically impossible to cover the same amount of ground in the same amount of time with less people , " said John Williamson , president of the Fraternal Order of Police union in Camden . "  Response times will be slower . " One local business owner , David Brown , said he does not "  understand how you can do more with less . " "  I do n't want to be a pessimist , but I ca n't be optimistic . " Camden resident and sanitation worker Gloria Valentin said she is now fearful that the city does not have enough police protection to keep people safe . "  Today is a real sad day in the city of Camden , " she said .	168 police officers and 67 firefighters are laid off in Camden , New Jersey City 's mayor said she could n't get $ 8 million in budget concessions to save jobs The mayor had been asking police and firefighters for concessions They were asked to pay more for health care and accept salary freezes or reductions
CNN  They used to do the guarding at Florida prisons . Now they 're the ones behind bars . Two Florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison , the Florida Attorney General 's office said Thursday . An FBI informant met the men -- Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 ; David Elliot Moran , 47 ; and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the KKK : the Traditional American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , CNN affiliate WJXT reported . Driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and Moran wanted him "  six feet under , " according to court documents . To convince the suspects that the deed had been done , the FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed . "  When the FBI staged this crime scene and these photographs were shown to each of these men , they were happy about it , " said Statewide Prosecutor Nick Cox . The three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder . "  We will not tolerate nor will we ever remain silent over the violence of hatred embedded in prejudice in this country , " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The men are current or former Florida prison guards They are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder
CNN  -- Digging my hands deep into my pockets , I tucked my chin into my fleecy neck warmer and wriggled my toes to warm them up . Snowflakes had filled the sky with white and were now dusting the ground gently . There was something beautiful about it , although somehow that does n't seem right to say -- because I was standing amid acres of wrecked homes -- or rather plots where homes once stood . Fifty meters away a cemetery 's toppled gravestones stood awkwardly . One hundred meters beyond , at the foot of the hill , the scorched carcass of a school , grave and gray , watched over it all . I was in Ishinomaki , a fishing town on the Tohoku coast of Japan . It was one of the worst-hit areas by the earthquake and tsunami which struck the country on March 11th 2011 . Nine months later , it was slowly plodding along the path to recovery . Sarah Outen : To world 's end and back Having finished the first stage of my human-powered journey from ` London2London : Via the World ' in November after arriving in Tokyo on my bike , I had returned to Ishinomaki to volunteer with ` It 's Not Just Mud '  INJM  . The group had been set up earlier in the year by British chap Jamie El-Banna after quitting his job as an English teacher in Osaka and heading north to help . Having cycled through the town on my way to the capital , I decided I wanted to help and after a quick internet search came across Jamie and his group . I spent a week with INJM just before Christmas , living in the two houses that Jamie acquired via Twitter earlier this year -- at one point we had 20 of us from seven different countries , bringing with us varied backgrounds and stories . Tasks ranged from house clearing to cleaning , bleaching and pressure washing , carpentry and gardening , insulating and decorating and cooking . The day that stands out most for me was the snowy day at the foot of the hill . Here , our little group worked alongside a local woman , Matsumara-san , to plant some flowers and bulbs in the plot where her house once stood . Building has been forbidden here in future but Matsumara-san wanted her little garden amongst the rubble to remain as a memorial to the thousands of lives lost in the tsunami . As we knelt on the cold ground and worked the soil , gently introducing the plants and bulbs to their new home , we alternately chattered and giggled and remembered quietly . We planted the flowers in a heart shape , sketched out in the snow by Matsumara-san . I tried to imagine what it must feel like to be her . To be kneeling on the ground that you once called home , now empty and exposed . What it must feel like to look at your home town and see most of it destroyed . Only memories remain . I wandered off to pay my respects to this town and try and take it all in , treading carefully over the ground , aware that I had walked ` through ' many lives in doing so - stepping easily over foundations where walls once contained families and histories and hopes and dreams . It reminded me of post-apocalyptic scenes from films and it still felt surreal , even though I had been there for a whole week . Once we had finished planting , Matsumara-san walked to the plot behind and knelt down , chin tucked into her fleece . She took the single flower which she had put aside and worked it carefully into the soil . This was the house of her elderly neighbor . Like nearly 18,000 others on the Japanese coast , she had n't survived the tsunami in March . Tears rolled down my cheek as I stood and watched this final act of remembrance , perhaps the outpouring of all the emotions that I had felt that week as I played a tiny part in this huge journey of renewal . I interviewed Matsumara-san about her experience on March 11th and she told me how she and her husband had been at work . Her youngest daughter had been at home . Luckily she evacuated to the school and then the hill , but neither had known if the other was safe for hours and Matsumara-san still felt guilty about not hearing her daughter 's repeated phone calls as she frantically decided what to do . Many people have left the region , adding to the existing issues of rural depopulation as young people flock to the cities . Ishinomaki has launched it 's own revival programme , ` Ishinomaki 2.0 ' , encouraging people to come back to the town and start a life there , supporting and promoting community projects and local business . With sensible and adequate investment , powered by the grit and tenacity that the Japanese are renowned for , I think there is hope that the scars can heal and the region will flourish one day . It is a beautiful area and has much to offer tourists -- it just needs time and resources , and an understanding that the threat posed by radiation is not a barrier to living in or visiting the region . It will be a long road to do so , but there is hope . I asked Matsumara-san what her hope was for the new year and she said that she wished for health and happiness for her family . She said that they would smile and recover one day , but that it was very difficult . Her closing words were thank yous -- to us for helping with her gardening and to everyone around the world for their support . My hope is that the people of Tohoku are not forgotten and that the support -- be it investment , sponsorship or volunteering - continues to grow . Having seen the hyperbole around the Daiichi plant meltdown and fallout at Fukushima , I hope that good sense will prevail and that propaganda can be used as a positive force and that truth and transparency are not lost . I shall return to Ishinomaki to volunteer again before I leave for my ocean row in April , and shall carry the Tohoku spirit and story with me as I head back home to London . For this expedition has shown me that we are all on journeys , whether rounding the world on a bike and boats or not . We are all one .	Sarah Outen took a different journey in the worst-hit area during the earthquake in Japan The British adventurer has earlier finished the first stage of her world-crossing journey Her first volunteer task to create a garden on a former home site left a touching memory Outen calls for more emotional and material support for the disaster-torn area in Japan
Beijing  CNN  -- A dolphin who died in the southern Chinese city of Sanya Monday has sparked nationwide anger after pictures surfaced of tourists near the shore mistreating and posing with the dying animal were spread on Weibo , China 's most popular social network site . The dolphin died off the shore in Dadonghai , a resort in Hainan Province , due to injuries to its tail , likely from a collision with a fishing boat , according to state news agency Xinhua . The injured dolphin was found on a beach Sunday . A witness surnamed He said the animal was still alive when tourists start to take pictures with it , according to local portal news hinews.cn . Photos on China 's microblogs showed that tourists -- instead of helping the dolphin -- were lifting and mistreating it before rescuers arrived . One of the pictures showed a man flexing his muscles in front of a group of swimmers holding up the dolphin soon went viral on the social network sites . Irritated netizens criticized harshly for the tourists ' cruelty . A writer posting by the name @Justin_joe called the tourists "  a group of animals . " Netizen outrage after Chinese tourist defaces Egyptian temple "  China is now filled with people lacking moral values , ignorance , and decreasing civility of the citizens , " added @Jiangxiangsiyi . While many showed their anger , others say Chinese netizens have overreacted to the incident . "  I think people have focused on the wrong thing . They do n't care when people die , but to care about dolphin , " wrote @Woaijialin . China instructs its citizen on how to behave abroad	A dolphin who died in the southern Chinese city of Sanya has sparked nationwide anger Pictures of tourists mistreating and posing with the dying animal were spread on Weibo The dolphin died due to injuries to its tail , likely from a boat collision , state media reported
CNN  -- Arizona has temporarily halted executions after the prolonged death of a convicted killer during an execution described by Sen. John McCain and others as tantamount to torture . It took death row inmate Joseph Wood two hours to die Wednesday afternoon . His attorney says Wood "  gasped and struggle to breathe " after receiving a novel combination of drugs . McCain told Politico he supports the death penalty in some cases , but he said Wood 's execution was carried out in a "  terrible " way . "  The lethal injection needs to be an indeed lethal injection and not the bollocks-upped situation that just prevailed . That 's torture , " he told Politico on Thursday . The Arizona Republican knows a little something about torture . McCain served as a U.S. military pilot in Vietnam . He was shot down , captured and beaten and tortured . After Gov. Jan Brewer ordered a review , the state 's attorney general ordered a halt to all executions , pending the investigation of the Wood case . "  I have been advised by the Arizona attorney general that his office will not seek any warrants of execution prior to the completion of the review of this matter , " said Corrections Director Charles Ryan . Reporter Troy Hayden witnessed the execution and compared Wood 's death last breaths to "  a fish on shore gulping for air . " Wood 's attorneys even tried to stop the execution more than halfway through , with one calling it "  bungled " and "  botched . " State officials and his victims ' relatives disagreed , saying Wood snored and did n't appear to be in agony . Opinion : 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty Reports that the execution was botched are "  erroneous , " Ryan said . Wood was comatose and never in pain during his execution , he added . "  The record clearly shows the inmate was fully and deeply sedated ... three minutes after the administration of the execution drugs . " Arizona execution raises questions over novel lethal injections Wood 's slow death is fueling a debate stirred up as states look for new drug combinations for lethal injections , thanks in part to pharmaceutical companies ' decisions to withhold or stop making drugs used in the past . "  It took Joseph Wood two hours to die , and he gasped and struggled to breathe for about an hour and 40 minutes . We will renew our efforts to get information about the manufacturer of drugs as well as how Arizona came up with the experimental formula of drugs it used today , " attorney Dale Baich said in a statement . He added , "  Arizona appears to have joined several other states who have been responsible for an entirely preventable horror -- a bungled execution . " Oklahoma 's botched lethal injection marks new front in battle over executions One of the victims ' relatives had a strongly different view -- that he did n't suffer , and that he got what he deserved . "  I do n't believe he was gasping for air ; I do n't believe he was suffering . It sounded to me like was snoring , " said the relative , Jeanne Brown . "  You do n't know what excruciating is . What 's excruciating is seeing your dad laying there in a pool of blood , seeing your sister laying there in a pool of blood . This man deserved it . And I should n't really call him a man , " she said . Wood had been convicted of murder and assault in the 1989 deaths of his estranged girlfriend and her father . The state used midazolam , an anesthetic , and hydromorphone , a narcotic painkiller that , with an overdose , halts breathing and stops the heart from beating . It 's one of the new combinations that states have tried -- with some controversial results -- after manufacturers based or operating in Europe prevented U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Mississippi mother swaps death row for jail cell to await trial California 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman , Mayra Cuevas , Dave Alsup , Ross Levitt and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Arizona temporarily halts executions after prolonged execution Sen. John McCain says the nearly two-hour incident is tantamount to torture Media witnesses say Arizona murderer Joseph Wood gasped intensely His attorneys tried to halt the execution more than halfway through and have Wood revived
Ventura , California  CNN  -- A Southern California teen who pleaded guilty to killing a gay classmate was sentenced Monday to 21 years in prison . Brandon McInerney , 17 , will serve time in a juvenile detention center until he turns 18 , at which point he will be transferred to the custody of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . He will get no credit for time already served , and was ordered to pay $ 10,000 in restitution . In September , a judge declared a mistrial in the case of McInerney after a nine-week trial when jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked on whether he should be found guilty of manslaughter or murder in the death of Lawrence King . He was set to be retried as an adult . But last month , McInerney agreed to plead guilty to killing King "  under the penal code sections for both murder and voluntary manslaughter , " as well as to using a firearm in that crime . He will serve 11 years for manslaughter and 10 years for the use of a firearm . McInerney was 14 years old when he brought a handgun belonging to relatives to E.O. Green Junior High School in Oxnard , prosecutors said . He shot the 15-year-old King twice at point-blank range in the back of the head , while both were typing papers in a computer lab for their English class along with two dozen students and their teacher , authorities said . Friends said King , an eighth-grader who lived in a group home called Casa Pacifica , was proud of being openly gay . He liked wearing jewelry and makeup to school and he often wore high-heeled boots with the school uniform . He asked his teachers to call him Leticia instead of Larry . Some students bullied him , pupils said . Other students said McInerney was also subject to some harassment because King had a crush on him and made it publicly known . The victim 's father , Greg King , read a statement in court Monday on behalf of Larry 's mother . "  I will never forgive you for what you did , " she wrote . "  You have left a big hole in my heart where Larry was . "	Brandon McInerney , 17 , pleaded guilty to killing 15-year-old Lawrence King The sentence includes 11 years for manslaughter and 10 for using a firearm A jury earlier deadlocked on whether to convict McInerney of murder or manslaughter Victim 's father reads a statement in court
CNN  The smallest of clues can help to crack a case . That 's what authorities in Oklahoma are hoping in the 34-year-old murder of Tracey Neilson . They 've released images of an old cable repair ticket book , and are asking for the public 's help in identifying the owner of that book . The last ticket in the book is for work done at Neilson 's home the morning she was murdered -- January 5 , 1981 . She was celebrating her 21st birthday that day . "  At 5 o'clock that evening , Jeff Neilson , Tracey 's husband of only five months , found her dead inside their apartment at the Jamestown Square Apartments in Moore , " the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said in a statement . "  Tracey had been stabbed numerous times . Moore police responded to the scene and began investigating . The next day , the Moore Police Department requested OSBI assistance with the case . During the next 34 years , dozens of OSBI agents would work on the case . " They followed more than 1,500 leads , the statement said . On a bottom corner of the book is a box for an employee name . Authorities want to identify the three letters written in that box . They are offering up to $ 11,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person who killed Neilson .	Tracey Neilson was stabbed to death January 5 , 1981 Police say they have followed over 1,500 leads Police released a picture of a cable repair ticket book to help ID initials in the book
Mashable  -- A patent application filed by Apple reveals an interesting possible development of iPad 's Smart Cover , which may get a display of its own down the road . Mashable.com : The 9 most important tablet mysteries of 2012 The application , originally filed in August 2011 and made public Thursday , describes "  thin flexible display technology " which can be integrated into the cover . This secondary display , Apple believes , would "  greatly enhance " the overall functionality of the tablet . Mashable.com : Facebook stock price drops below $ 20 The concept opens up a lot of possibilities . The secondary display , as described in Apple 's patent application , could simply display notifications related to what 's happening on the iPad  the name of the movie currently playing , for example  . It could also be a full-fledged companion to the main screen , sporting a virtual keyboard or another set of application icons . Mashable.com : If the Internet were a galaxy it would look like this Of course , the patent application does n't mean this concept will ever become a real product , but it 's interesting to see that Apple is entertaining the idea . What do you think : Would a secondary display be a useful addition to the Smart Cover ? Share your thoughts in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple files patent hinting at an iPad Smart Cover display , meaning two work surfaces Display creates ability to use cover for messaging , movies , icon space , drawing and more Display could also include a digital keyboard Filing a patent does not mean the cover will ever become a real product
CNN  -- An early-morning hazardous material spill has been contained , but officials in Morehead City , North Carolina have closed its port and recommended evacuation of its downtown area after nine containers of high-explosive materials were punctured . The incident occurred when a forklift unloading a vessel punctured a large container and the drums inside it that contained the explosive compound PETN , said Morehead City Police spokeswoman Amy Thompson . PETN was allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , accused of trying to set off an explosion aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 as it approached Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . PETN is a highly explosive organic compound belonging to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . Thompson quoted Morehead City Fire Chief Wes Lail as saying the entire cleanup is a five-step process , and only the first step had been completed . There have been no injuries or any environmental damage , according to Carteret County officials . Some residents and business workers left the area , but Tompson said she did n't know how many . "  Right now our advice to everybody is if they 're uncomfortable staying in downtown Morehead , to evacuate further west . And if they choose to stay home , stay away from windows and doors , " Mayor Jerry Jones told CNN . "  Do n't get out and sightsee and meander around . It is dangerous , and we need to ensure the safety of our public . As the day goes on and we feel like we have more information , we will pass that information on . " He said that emergency management officials "  feel that everything is contained . " But at the early stages in the cleanup , they advised keeping people from getting closed to the port . Carteret County officials said U.S. 70 will be closed from 4th Street in Morehead City to the Morehead-Beaufort high-rise bridge for most of the day . The Coast Guard has barred traffic to and from the zone . The Coast Guard captain of the port ordered the facility closed and a 300-yard safety zone has been established to exclude any vessels operating any closer . Jones said the port called the city before 4:45 a.m. ET to say that a product spilled out of drums on the port property . "  We immediately identified it was a hazardous material , assessed that it was contained on the port and not  going  to go into our neighboring waters , into the waterway , " he said . Police , fire and explosive ordnance crews from nearby Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point arrived at the scene , and an incident command center was set up nearby . Jones confirmed that the material in the containers is PETN , allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , accused of trying to bomb Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in Amsterdam on December 25 . PETN is a high explosive organic compound belonging to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . Jones said PETN is a crystal packaged in water for stability . He said the people who transport "  any highly flammable explosive devices " have to and did notify the port and local emergency and police officials . Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Chris O'Neil said the substance has industrial and medical uses . "  Being an international port , we handle highly flammable explosive material all the time . Jet fuel comes through here all the time , gasoline , propane . So it 's not unusual to have explosive material coming through Morehead City , " he said . Also responding were the U.S. Customs and the Salvation Army .	NEW : Cleanup is a five-step process , and only the first step is completed , authorities say Hazardous spill contained at N.C. port , but police recommend evacuations Nine containers of PETN were punctured at Morehead City port Mayor says residents who choose to stay should keep clear of doors , windows
Lt. Timothy Breen flies missions close to Iranian air space almost every day in his U.S. Navy F-18 Hornet , often encountering Iranian military aircraft over the strategic waters of the Strait of Hormuz . Breen 's squadron , the Blue Blasters , are currently stationed aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln , a huge aircraft carrier whose presence in the region is testament to the escalating tensions between the West and Iran . He says in almost all cases , the interaction between U.S. and Iranian pilots is professional -- they stay out of each other 's way . But he also knows , the Abraham Lincoln is here to make sure the Iranians do n't overstep their boundaries . "  We have a responsibility to our coalition partners and to the world just to help make sure that freedom of navigation is going along smoothly and that people can feel safe transiting international waters , " Breen said during a recent CNN visit to the carrier . He is referring to Iran 's repeated threats to close the Strait of Hormuz as Tehran steps up its defiance in response to international sanctions . Any move to block the narrow waterway between Iran and Oman could affect 20 % of the world 's oil supply including 90 % of Iraq 's resurgent oil exports . "  We 've heard the rhetoric about them possibly closing the Strait of Hormuz and we just remain vigilant as we come through , " said Rear Admiral Troy Shoemaker , who led a carrier strike group that this week escorted the Abraham Lincoln as the carrier on its second passage through the Strait this year . Shoemaker says his crew takes care not to provoke Iran through its maneuvering , but at the same is prepared to answer any military escalation by Iran 's navy . The U.S. believes any attempt by Iran to shut down the Hormuz waterway might involve missile or sea mine attacks on merchant vessels . "  It does n't take many mines to be effective , to have an effect , " Shoemaker said . "  There is a potential to do that and we are prepared to monitor it and respond with capabilities that are in theater . " The U.S. Navy says it is ready to counter threats in the Persian Gulf . And aboard the Abraham Lincoln , the crew works round the clock to ensure the carrier is always capable of launching its aircraft . A massive arsenal stores millions of pounds of laser and GPS-guided ordnance . Several maintenance decks in the ship 's hull can conduct almost any maintenance required , from electronics to engine repairs . A crew of the dozens of people needed to get a plane into the air are always on standby . Among these , the so-called "  shooter " is in charge of operations on deck and gives the final go for the fighters to take off . Shooters are also responsible for monitoring the pressure of the massive steam-powered catapults that propel the planes from 0-160 miles an hour in about 2 seconds . Too much and the plane could get torn apart , too little and it would stall and crash into the water . "  We can launch four aircraft in about a minute , then we takes a few minutes to re load the catapults and get next batch of aircraft into position , " said Lt. Cmdr. Mike Givens , one of the shooters . Most crew members do n't talk directly about the potential Iranian threat in the region and will only say they are prepared to deal with anything that comes up . The commander of the USS Abraham Lincoln , Cpt . John D. Alexander , says the vast majority of encounters with the Iranian Navy are routine and professional , with ships or planes monitoring the carrier or trying to establish radio contact for routine queries . Nevertheless , Iran 's fleet , though old and equipped with only small surface vessels and submarines , can pose a danger even to a super carrier . "  They have small boats , they have bigger boats , they have submarines , they have pretty much the gambit of things , " Alexander says . The U.S. Navy speaks of scenarios in which Iran could launch sudden , almost insurgent style attacks on larger , better-equipped U.S. warships . So far , however , that has not happened and there were no major incidents during Abraham Lincoln 's recent passage through the Strait . The carrier is now on its way to new mission to support NATO forces in Afghanistan , but as international concerns over Iran persist , America 's presence in the Persian Gulf will remain .	U.S. pilots say they have had daily encounters with Iranian aircraft over Strait of Hormuz Pilots flying sorties as part of USS Abraham Lincoln deployment to strategic waterway Iran has threatened to close Strait in defiance of international sanctions
They were words heard around the world as investigators searched for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane . Weeks ago , Malaysian authorities said the last message from the airplane cockpit was , "  All right , good night . " The sign-off to air traffic controllers , which investigators said was spoken by the plane 's copilot , was among the few concrete details officials released in a mystery that 's baffled investigators and drawn global attention since the Boeing 777 disappeared with 239 people aboard mid-flight on March 8 . There 's only one problem . It turns out , it was n't true . On Monday , Malaysia 's Transport Ministry said the final voice transmission from the cockpit of Flight 370 was actually "  Good night Malaysian three seven zero . " Malaysian authorities gave no explanation for the discrepancy between the two quotes . And authorities are still trying to determine whether it was the plane 's pilot or copilot who said them . The new language is routine and is not a sign that anything untoward occurred aboard the flight , said CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo . But the change in wording weeks into the search for the missing plane raises questions about how Malaysian officials have handled the investigation . "  It speaks to credibility issues , unfortunately , " Schiavo said . "  We have n't had a straight , clear word that we can have a lot of fidelity in , " said Michael Goldfarb , former chief of staff at the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration . "  We have the tragedy of the crash , we have the tragedy of an investigation gone awry and then we have questions about where we go from here . " No matter what the pilots ' last words were , it 's hard to understand what they mean without more details from authorities about what they said and how they said it , CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien told "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday . "  Without the preceding information ... either the transcript or the recordings themselves , it 's difficult to know what any of that really means , " he said . "  And that 's the problem with this investigation , which has been so opaque . " Malaysian authorities have defended their handling of the situation . Acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said Monday that authorities were not hiding anything by declining to release some details of the missing flight . Some details are part of ongoing investigations into what happened to the plane , he said . "  We are not hiding anything , " he said . "  We are just following the procedure that is being set . " Source : Plane 's turn considered ` criminal act ' A Malaysian government source told CNN Monday that the airliner 's turn off course is being considered a "  criminal act , " either by one of the pilots or someone else onboard the missing airliner . And in a background briefing given to CNN , Malaysian investigators said they believed the plane was "  flown by someone with good flying knowledge of the aircraft . " Several friends of Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah said they refuse to believe he could have been the "  criminal " controlling the plane . Rallying to his defense , they showed CNN 's Nic Robertson pictures of him at flight school . "  I think finally it will come to a stage where people think of him as a hero when things come out , " friend Jason Lee said . "  I think he is a hero . " A senior Malaysian government official last week told CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes that authorities have found nothing in days of investigating the two pilots that leads them to any motive , be it political , suicidal or extremist . And an ongoing FBI review of the two pilots ' hard drives , including one in a flight simulator Zaharie had built at his home , has not turned up a "  smoking gun , " a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN last week . In a Facebook post , the captain 's daughter lashed out at a British tabloid that claimed to quote her criticizing her father . "  You should consider making movies since you are so good at making up stories and scripts out of thin air , " Aishah Zaharie wrote . "  May God have mercy on your souls . " Several leads dry up as search ramps up Potential leads on the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 keep coming . So do the setbacks and frustrations . Ten military planes , a civilian jet and nine ships are part of Tuesday 's Indian Ocean search , which spans a swath west of Perth that 's 120,000 square kilometers  46,300 square miles  , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . Monday 's search ended without finding anything significant , Australian officials said . Four orange objects spotted by search aircraft and earlier described as promising turned out be nothing more than old fishing gear , they said . Finding possible leads that turn out to be trash , fishing gear or jellyfish is n't easy for search teams , U.S. Navy Cmdr. William Marks told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  You have that excitement , and then when it is garbage or seaweed or something like that , it 's hard , it 's hard to realize you did n't find anything , " he said . "  But you just keep at it and you keep at it . And this is what we do . This is what we train for . " U.S. Navy officials loaded underwater locating gear aboard an Australian naval ship and set out to sea Monday evening , but wo n't be able to use the equipment until investigators narrow the search zone . The gear includes a pinger locator that 's towed behind a ship and scans for the sound of the locator beacon attached to the plane 's flight data recorder . Also onboard is an underwater drone that can scan the ocean floor for debris . It will take the ship , the Ocean Shield , three days just to get to the search zone , leaving precious little time to locate the plane 's flight data recorders before the batteries on its locator beacon run out . The batteries are designed to last 30 days ; the plane has been missing for 24 days . Under favorable sea conditions , the pingers can be heard 2 nautical miles away . But high seas , background noise , wreckage or silt can all make pingers harder to detect . In this case , searchers barely know where to look at all . "  We are searching a vast area of ocean , and we are working on quite limited information , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters Monday . "  Nevertheless , the best brains in the world are applying themselves to this task . ... If this mystery is solvable , we will solve it . " Late last week , the search area shifted more than 600 miles after what authorities described as "  a new credible lead . " But a Wall Street Journal report Monday night , citing anonymous people familiar with the matter , said before that crews had searched for three days in the wrong location due to "  lapses in coordination among countries and companies " trying to find the missing jet . What happened ? Andy Pasztor , one of the reporters who wrote the story , said it boiled down to poor coordination between two parts of the investigation : one dealing with satellite data , and the other one dealing with fuel consumption and aircraft performance . "  And so what we 're left with is sort of a three-day gap where it 's clear that folks were definitely looking in the wrong place , " he said . Despite false leads and other setbacks that have plagued the search , officials have vowed to keep looking . "  The effort is ramping up , not winding down , " Abbott told CNN on Monday . Malaysia will ask the United States about the possibility of deploying more military assets , Hishammuddin said Monday . U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said Monday that he will consider any additional requests from Hishammuddin . "  I do n't know what additional requests he will make of me , " he said . "  I certainly will listen carefully to whatever those are . ... We 're providing everything that we can provide , as are other countries . " Get up to speed Relatives ' demands Family members of people onboard Flight 370 have accused Malaysian officials of giving them confusing , conflicting information since the plane vanished more than three weeks ago . On Monday , dozens of Chinese family members visited a Kuala Lumpur temple . They chanted , lit candles and meditated . "  Chinese are kindhearted people , " said Jiang Hui , the families ' designated representative . "  But we can clearly distinguish between the good and evil . We will never forgive for covering the truth from us and the criminal who delayed the rescue mission . " Jiang asked Malaysia to apologize for announcing March 24 that the plane had crashed , despite the lack of any "  direct evidence . " At the daily press briefing , Hishammuddin responded , saying Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak had not used the word "  crash " or mentioned a lack of survivors in his announcement that the plane 's flight had "  ended " in the southern Indian Ocean . He described a meeting Saturday between Malaysian authorities and Flight 370 relatives as "  the most difficult meeting I 've ever attended . " "  The families are heartbroken . For many , the strain of the past few weeks has been unbearable , " he said . He said Malaysia will hold a high-level briefing for families where experts will explain some of the data and methodology used to guide the search . He also said authorities have discussed with the families what happens if they are unable to find debris from the missing plane . But he declined to discuss it with reporters Monday , saying "  to be fair to the families , that is something I would not want to share with the public at the moment . " Beijing has also publicly slammed Malaysia 's efforts to find the Boeing 777 . Of the 239 people aboard the jetliner , 154 were Chinese . But Malaysia says it 's done its best with what it has . "  History will judge us as a country that has been very responsible , " Hishammuddin said . Flight attendant 's husband has no answers for children	WSJ : Poor coordination made crews search in wrong place Tuesday 's search for Flight 370 includes 11 planes , 9 ships Source : Plane 's turn off course is being considered a "  criminal act " Malaysian officials : Final transmission was "  Good night Malaysian three seven zero "
CNN  -- Sex . Witch . She-devil . Those are the sensational words that have captured mainstream headlines in the United States , Great Britain and Italy during the Amanda Knox saga . On Monday , the buzz phrase was "  judgment day . " Would the flaxen-haired , photogenic American student , convicted of sexually assaulting and murdering her British housemate Meredith Kercher in 2009 , be released ? Would her conviction be overturned ? At about 3:50 p.m. ET , Knox was freed . Authorities quickly hustled her out of the courtroom and to the prison where she could collect her things . Italian jury clears Amanda Knox of murder The Knox case was a pop culture obsession , and that 's not going to stop now that the jury has decided to set her free . The race will be on for which media outlet interviews her first . More than 410 journalists had credentials to be at the courthouse in the tiny Umbrian hillside village of Perugia . Meanwhile , movie deals are in the works . Noted director Michael Winterbottom is interested in making a movie about Knox , with Oscar-winning actor Colin Firth starring as a journalist covering the trial , the Guardian reports . Tourism in Perugia apparently has n't benefited from the notoriety , according to Italy 's La Stampa newspaper . Several residents say they 'd rather their village go back to being famous for its chocolate . On Monday , Knox 's name did n't fall out of the top five trending topics on Google , a remarkable feat for today 's constantly changing news cycle . Many media outlets including CNN.com are live blogging Monday , but it 's impossible to keep up with specific posters on Twitter . It 's better to try to get the plethora of individual tweets aggregated at http://www.twittbox.com/tag/amanda . For those who want more attention on Kercher , a roundup of tweets can be found searching the site 's grid for her last name . BradSmith132 tweeted Monday afternoon , "  family : ` Meredith has been forgotten ... " ` and posted a link to the press conference in which Kercher 's sister Stephanie told reporters : "  I think Meredith has been hugely forgotten in all of this . " It is social media , after all , which helped form the image of Amanda Knox as both an innocent American college student and a murdering temptress . In 2007 , images on Knox 's Facebook page were taken by media in the United States , Great Britain and elsewhere and used in stories . A private video which was posted on YouTube showing Knox laughing suddenly had a sinister feel , stories about the case note . The nickname Foxy Knoxy did n't come from the press ; it was given to Knox by her schoolmates and was an innocent gesture made long before Kercher 's death . But "  Foxy Knoxy " repeated on the Web and in news stories , took on another meaning . It quickly began to feel synonymous with cunning and deception , with sexist overtones . In the past few years , many books have been written about Knox , including one titled "  Angel Face . " The latest book is "  The Fatal Gift of Beauty : The Trials of Amanda Knox " by Nina Burleigh , who appeared Monday on CNN , to discuss the book . Before the ruling , Burleigh told CNN 's Randi Kaye that she would be "  pretty surprised " if Knox did n't go free because "  there is n't very much evidence " in the case against her . Kaye asked Burleigh if Italian prosecutors had conducted a "  witch hunt " in convicting Knox . Burleigh answered that the Italian police investigating Kercher 's murder made mistakes and that heavy media attention after Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , who was also convicted , made it hard for the police to admit their mistakes and put their investigation back on a fair and correct path . The reason Knox was falsely convicted , Burleigh suggests , is because Knox is attractive . Everyone , Burleigh said , was "  riveted " on "  this woman 's face " and not the facts of the crime or the case .	Knox 's conviction is overturned ; obsession with her bound to continue Movie deals , including a possible film with Colin Firth , are reportedly in the works If Knox is freed , the race will be on among news outlets for first Amanda Knox interview
CNN  -- The whistle-blower website WikiLeaks on Wednesday posted what it said was an internal CIA report into the perception that the United States exports terrorism , but one U.S. official said it does not divulge spectacular developments . The three-page document , dated February 2 , 2010 , asks , "  What If Foreigners See the United States as an ` Exporter of Terrorism ? ' " "  These sorts of analytic products -- clearly identified as coming from the agency 's ` Red Cell ' -- are designed to simply provoke thought and present different points of view , " said CIA spokesman George Little . A U.S. intelligence official said , "  it 's always disturbing when classified information is inappropriately disclosed . " However the official added , "  this is not a blockbuster paper . " The document , promised by the group in a Twitter message on Tuesday , is labeled "  secret , " the lowest level of classification . The website set off a firestorm recently when it posted some 76,000 U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . The group has said it has another 15,000 documents , which it plans to release soon . The U.S. Defense Department has demanded WikiLeaks return all documents belonging to the Pentagon and delete any records of them . Officials in Afghanistan have also criticized the leak . The founder and editor of the website , Julian Assange , was arrested in absentia last week in Sweden on charges of rape , but the warrant was revoked less than a day later by Chief Prosecutor Eva Finne . Assange told the Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera on Sunday the accusations are "  clearly a smear campaign . " "  The only question is , who was involved ? " he asked , declining to say who he thinks is behind the effort . Separately on Tuesday , the attorney for the alleged victims told CNN rumors that the Pentagon or CIA was somehow involved in the sex crime accusations against Assange are "  complete nonsense . " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates also has criticized the organization 's last leak of documents saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . Assange has defended the leak by saying it can help shape the public 's understanding of the war . He said the material was of no operational significance and that WikiLeaks tried to ensure the material did not put innocent people at risk . Assange reportedly has spent his life developing the tech skills needed to set up WikiLeaks . When he was a teenager in Melbourne , Australia , he belonged to a hacker collective called the International Subversives , according to the magazine Mother Jones . He eventually pleaded guilty to multiple counts of breaking into Australian government and commercial websites to test their security gaps , but was released on bond for "  good behavior , " the magazine said . As WikiLeaks has grown and published increasingly high-profile items , Assange has found himself the target of what he says are many legal attacks . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Official says it 's not a "  blockbuster paper " WikiLeaks posts what it says is an internal CIA report The document is labeled secret
CNN  -- A Reno , Nevada , man is charged with four counts of murder in the deaths of four northern California women dating back more than three decades , authorities said Tuesday . Joseph Naso , 77 , was arrested Monday by Marin County , California , detectives following his release from the El Dorado County jail , also in California , where he had been in custody over the past year on unrelated charges , Marin County District Attorney Ed Berberian told reporters . Naso is charged in the 1977 murder of Roxene Roggash in Marin County ; Pamela Parsons and Tracy Tofoya of Yuba County , California , whose bodies were found in 1993 and 1994 , respectively ; and the death of Carmen Colon in Contra Costa County , California , whose body was found in 1978 , Berberian said . He is eligible for the death penalty . Nancy Grace 's Cold Cases Roggash 's murder was considered unsolved until Naso was arrested in April 2010 by Nevada parole and probation authorities , Berberian said . During that arrest , police found items that implicated Naso "  in multiple murders of young women , " he said . CNN affiliate KGO said Naso , who had been convicted of grand theft at a grocery store , had a probation officer visit him at his home near Reno and found weapons . Naso spent a year in the El Dorado County Jail for the violation and was arrested upon his departure Monday , KGO said . A search of his home turned up photographs and writings tying him to the deaths , according to the station . Berberian was tightlipped about details Tuesday , citing the ongoing investigation . He said Marin County has agreed to prosecute Naso for all four murders . Naso 's arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon , Berberian said , and he will be presented with a criminal complaint at the hearing . He was being held without bail in the Marin County Jail on Tuesday , Berberian said . Although authorities have yet to link Naso to any slayings in Nevada , Chris Perry , acting director of the Nevada Department of Public Safety , left open the possibility of more victims . "  We 're hoping that people who have missing relatives will take a look at this and maybe put a couple of the pieces together and get that information to us so we can follow up on it , " he told reporters . A tip line will be set up for people to offer information , Washoe County , Nevada , Sheriff Mike Haley told reporters .	Joseph Naso is accused of killing four women in California Authorities say he will be arraigned on Wednesday Two bodies were found in the 1970s and two in the 1990s
CNN  -- Relatives of some those who died in the Aurora , Colorado , theater shooting last month accuse the charity raising money for their benefit of ignoring their demands to help decide how to spend it . "  We need people who were in the theater , together with those who have lost loved ones , driving these decisions , " said Tom Teves , father of shooting victim Alex Teves . A spokesman for the Colorado governor promised the families ' concerns would be addressed soon . At least $ 5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund since it was established with the approval of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper to help families of the 12 killed and 58 wounded . The governor chose the Community First Foundation to oversee the relief fund . Prosecutors : Theater shooting suspect told classmate he wanted to kill people Teves led a group he said represented 11 of the 12 people who died in the July 20 mass shooting in a news conference in Denver Tuesday afternoon . "  We 're certain that everyone who donated their hard-earned wages intended for 100 % of the donations to go directly to the victims and then each family affected would use those funds for what they most needed to help their healing process , " Teves told reporters . "  Unfortunately that does n't seem to be the case . " The only disbursements have been to 10 local nonprofit groups , including the Colorado Organization for Victim Assistance , also known as COVA , he said . "  When you generate funds for a relief fund called the Aurora Victims Relief Fund , using pictures and names of our murdered loved ones without our permission , it would stand to reason that the fund is for the victims of the Aurora shooting , " he said . COVA sent checks for $ 5,000 to each of the 70 victims ' families last week , but Chantel Blunk , whose husband Jonathan Blunk was among the dead , said the money is not enough to help her deal with the trauma to her son and daughter , ages 2 and 4 . When she asked COVA to buy a plane ticket for her daughter Haley to travel from Reno , Nevada , to Denver , "  They told me ` No , ' " Blunk said . "  They 're like ` There 's no more funding and we ca n't help you . " Judge orders key records sealed , other released Haley has been suffering nightmares and the trip to where her father died might help her find "  closure , " Blunk said . "  Begging COVA , they just told me ` No , ' " she said . "  She did n't say sorry or anything . " COVA did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The families demand "  a robust voice " on the committee that decides where the money goes , Teves said . Cheryl Haggstrom , Community First Foundation executive vice president , said there has been "  conversation " about adding family representatives to the committee . Teves called on the governor to intervene , suggesting he has ignored their pleas for help . "  You came and grieved with our families , " Teves said . "  We allowed you into our inner-most circle at the worst time in our lives , we did n't do this lightly . You pledged 12 times ` We will remember . ' Are you a man who is true to his words or are they just words ? " Hickenlooper 's spokesman , Eric Brown , told CNN Tuesday afternoon that his office is working to "  improve communication and the ongoing distribution of assistance . " "  Everyone involved is trying to do the right thing in a very difficult situation , " Brown said . "  We understand the frustration shared today by victims ' families . That 's why we have been advocating for them to have a greater voice in the process . Family representatives will meet with the relief funds committee on Friday , Brown said . "  Families have received money and other services through the great generosity of others , " Brown said . "  They will receive more . " When Hickenlooper 's office announced the fund last month , he promised the money would "  help those impacted by this tragedy begin to recover and rebuild their lives . " Initial donors included Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures , co-producers of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " which was playing in the movie theater when the shooting began . Sources at Warner Bros. studios , a subsidiary of CNN 's parent company Time Warner , told CNN that the company made a "  substantial " donation . Warner Bros. , a subsidiary of CNN 's parent company Time Warner , would not divulge how much money it was giving out of what the sources said was respect for the victims . The Community First Foundation website said that contributions would go toward meeting the needs of the shooting victims and their families , "  and , as funds are available , the broad needs of those affected in the community . " Holmes shackled in court	Victim 's relatives demand "  a robust voice " on committee directing relief funds Charity official says they 've had a "  conversation " about adding family reps to the committee $ 5,000 went to 70 victims ' families last week At least $ 5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund
CNN  -- The Texas town of Groesbeck is on the verge of running dry . "  We have about two weeks of water left , " Groesbeck Mayor Jackie Levingston said . Her central Texas town , population 4,300 , is one of the latest victim 's of the state 's ongoing drought . A lack of rain and the summer 's intense heat -- more than 90 days of triple-digit temperatures -- combined to dry out the Groesbeck water supply . "  We lost more water to evaporation than we were using this summer , " Levingston said in a telephone interview . Fort Parker Lake is the city 's primary source of water . Heat evaporation took roughly 731 million gallons of water from the lake . The city used only 54 million . Groesbeck residents spent Monday waiting on the Texas Department of Parks and Wildlife to approve an emergency three-mile pipeline to divert water off the Navasota River , using a public creek as a stop-gap to shorten the distance . "  Our water comes from a river , that goes into a lake , then comes down a river . We came up with a plan to go around the lake , " said the mayor . The city already has approval from another agency , the Texas Quality Commission on Environmental Quality , for seven miles of alternative pipeline , but with the clock ticking , Levington said residents ca n't afford the two weeks to lay the piping in the approved plan . The new plan will take the city four days to construct . "  I might as well be optimistic , " the mayor said , laughing . There is a bit to be optimistic this week -- Thanksgiving week . Outside of the local federal prison , the school district is the biggest water user . Some 1,600 children -- many from outside the city limits in surrounding Limestone County -- draw on Groesbeck 's water supply on school days . But schools are out for the holiday this week . "  We are counting on this to extend our usage , " said Levingston . She speculates it may buy the town an extra week . The pipeline , when it happens , is a temporary fix . It will cost $ 200,000 in construction , and $ 35,000 per month on pipe rental . The city is calculating using it for six months even though officials have drought-forecast beyond that . The city also is contracting with a well driller out of Austin to search for ground water .	Like much of Texas , the town of Groesbeck suffered through a summer of intense heat Triple-digit temperatures cooked the area for more than 90 days , along with the ongoing drought "  We lost more water to evaporation than we were using this summer , " says the mayor "  We have about two weeks of water left , " says the mayor
CNN  -- More than 1 million cell phones in China have been struck by the "  Zombie " virus , according to Chinese state media , CCTV and Xinhua . It 's called the "  Zombie " virus because it transmits from phone to phone , just as in the movies , zombie bites turn people into the living dead . The virus binds with a security application , which then transmits the user 's SIM card details to a central server controlled by a small group of hackers . The hackers then will send messages or make phone calls that contain virus-ridden links for games and software , said CCTV . Receivers who follow the link will find their phones infected , too , while at the same time providing a "  click through " for the link itself , which typically translates into a payment for a party publicizing the links . CCTV said that the blame is likely to lay with intermediary distributors instead of the actual game or software developers that show up in the ads . Zhou Yonglin , an official with the National Computer Network Emergency Coordination Center , told CCTV that "  in the first week of September , nearly 1 million cell phones in the country were infected with the virus . " And although telecom providers are said to have taken steps to reduce the number of infected messages , Zou Shihong , a telecom expert at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications , told CCTV that an updated virus might start sending fewer messages , making it harder for cell users to notice any suspicious activity . Chendu Qimiao , the company behind the original infected security application , told CCTV that is has nothing to do with the virus , adding that it 's difficult for users to tell which applications are infected and which are safe .	The "  Zombie " virus is transmitted from cell phone to cell phone The virus binds with a security ap , which transmits SIM card data to a central server Hackers at other end send back virus-ridden links for games and software , CCTV says Nearly 1 million phones in China were infected in the first week of September , official says
Washington  CNN  -- The private law firm hired by House Speaker John Boehner to represent the government in the federal Defense of Marriage Act has suddenly pulled out of the case . The chairman of King & Spalding said Monday the firm 's internal vetting for accepting representation was "  inadequate . " As a result , the high-profile lawyer who was to lead the legal fight for House Republicans has resigned immediately from the firm . Paul Clement , who was a top partner at the firm , wrote in a letter , "  I resign out of the firmly held belief that a representation should not be abandoned because the client 's legal position is extremely unpopular in certain quarters . Defending unpopular clients is what lawyers do . " He will now defend the statute for another law firm . The decision by the Atlanta-based law firm to withdraw is a victory for gay-rights supporters that have tried to have the Defense of Marriage Act repealed or tossed out on constitutional grounds in court . Those groups had urged King & Spalding in recent days to drop out of the case , and were preparing a national campaign to highlight the company 's efforts . The Defense of Marriage Act was passed in 1996 by the GOP-controlled Congress and signed into law by President Bill Clinton . It bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages and says states can not be forced to recognize such marriages allowed in other states . The Obama administration , which normally would defend federal laws in judicial disputes , announced earlier this year it believed the Defense of Marriage Act , often referred to as DOMA , to be unconstitutional . The law defines marriage for federal purposes as unions only between a man and woman . Boehner said that with the Justice Department not participating , he had "  no choice " but to act unilaterally , and moved to lead the legal defense of the law . Robert Hays Jr. , chairman of King & Spalding , said the firm had filed a motion Monday to withdraw its representation of the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the House of Representatives , "  on the constitutional issues " regarding the law . "  In reviewing this assignment further , I determined that the process used for vetting this engagement was inadequate , " Hays said in a statement . "  Ultimately I am responsible for any mistakes that occurred and apologize for the challenges this may have created . " Law firms typically undergo an internal review process headed by senior-level lawyers to determine which cases they will accept . Controversial issues like same-sex marriage are normally subject to intense scrutiny to balance the legal issues with financial , ethical , and other considerations . The Hays statement made no specific mention of the reasons behind the sudden change of heart . Clement said he is going to work for a Washington law firm , Bancroft PLLC . Legal sources say he will be taking a number a high-profile clients with him to his new job . Clement had filed a brief a week ago while at King & Spalding in a pending case from New York , where a lesbian received an estate tax bill of more than $ 360,000 after her longtime partner and legal wife had died . He is a former solicitor general under President George W. Bush , serving from 2005 to 2008 . It was his job to defend federal laws and executive actions in court , similar to what he will be doing now as a private lawyer on retainer . He was mentioned at one time as a possible Supreme Court nominee . Separately , he also is representing more than two dozen states in a lawsuit against the Obama administration over the sweeping health care reform law passed by Congress last year . That case is pending in a federal appeals court in Atlanta . In his resignation letter , Clement made clear , "  I take this step not because of strongly held views about this statute . My thoughts about the merits of DOMA are as irrelevant as my views about the dozens of federal statutes I defended as Solicitor General . " "  In this instance , my loyalty to the client and respect for the profession must come first , " he wrote . "  The Speaker is disappointed in the firm 's decision and its careless disregard for its responsibilities to the House in this constitutional matter , " Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck told CNN . "  At the same time , Mr. Clement has demonstrated legal integrity , and we are grateful for his decision to continue representing the House . This move will ensure the constitutionality of this law is appropriately determined by the courts , rather than by the president unilaterally . " Papers have not yet been filed for Clement to continue representation of the House . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi had been vocal about her opposition to the decision to take on the case . "  Leader Pelosi shares Mr. Hays ' apparent concerns with the lack of transparency and accountability in the way this contract was signed , " spokesman Drew Hammill told CNN . "  She also vigorously opposes using half a million taxpayer dollars or any taxpayer resources to defend discrimination at a time when Republicans in Congress are cutting critical initiatives like education and infrastructure . It is now more critical than ever that Speaker Boehner fully account for his decision to sign this half million dollar contract to defend this indefensible statute . " Boehner last week indicated he would make an effort to divert money from the Justice Department to fund its high-profile fight . "  Obviously , DOJ 's decision results in DOJ no longer needing the funds it would have otherwise expended defending the constitutionality of DOMA , " he said April 18 . "  It is my intent that those funds be diverted to the House for reimbursement of any costs incurred by and associated with the House , and not DOJ , defending DOMA . " Such a move would require Senate approval , an unlikely prospect since Democrats control that chamber . President Barack Obama on February 23 ordered the Justice Department to stop defending the constitutionality of the law . "  The president has concluded that given a number of factors , including a documented history of discrimination , classifications based on sexual orientation should be subject to a more heightened standard of scrutiny , " said Attorney General Eric Holder at the time . The key provision in the law "  fails to meet that standard and is therefore unconstitutional , " he said . Obama had previously expressed his personal opposition to the Defense of Marriage Act but had never stated an opinion relating to its constitutionality . Gay-rights supporters applauded the law firm 's decision to withdraw . "  King & Spalding has rightly chosen to put principle above politics in dropping its involvement in the defense of this discriminatory and patently unconstitutional law , " said Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign . "  We are pleased to see the firm has decided to stand on the right side of history and remain true to its core values . " Two pending lawsuits from New York and Connecticut challenge the law . The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which includes both states , is the only federal circuit to have never decided the basic legal question of whether a law discriminates against gay men and lesbians . The New York legal fight was prompted by Edith "  Edie " Windsor , who lived with her female partner , Thea Spyer , for more than four decades . They married out-of-state in 2007 , but neither the federal government nor their home state of New York recognized the legal union . Spyer died and left her estate to Windsor , who was then forced to pay taxes on the money because she was not considered a legal spouse . In July , a federal judge in Massachusetts , in a separate case , became the first to rule part of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional . District Judge Joseph Tauro said that "  irrational prejudice plainly never constitutes a legitimate government interest . " The administration 's decision comes on the heels of other major developments in the struggle over gay and lesbian rights . In December , Obama signed legislation that will repeal the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and bring an end to the ban on openly gay men and women serving in the armed forces . Courts in California are considering a legal challenge to Proposition 8 , an initiative narrowly approved by that state 's voters in 2008 . It defines marriage as a union between a man and a woman . Either one of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming months , perhaps in time to become a major issue during the 2012 election year . Same-sex marriage is legal in five states -- Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont -- and in the District of Columbia . Civil unions virtually equivalent to marriage are permitted in New Jersey , while several other states offer more limited civil unions or partnerships . The New York case is Windsor v. U.S.  1:10 - cv-08435  .	A spokesman says Boehner is "  disappointed " King & Spalding says the vetting for accepting representation was "  inadequate " Attorney Paul Clement has resigned from the firm "  Defending unpopular clients is what lawyers do , " Clement wrote
CNN  -- "  At one point we killed eight people in 15 minutes . The protesters were unarmed . They did n't even have rocks ! That 's when I decided to defect . I threw away my gun and ran towards the protesters . " "  About 1,500 protesters came ... They requested the release of an injured protester who was inside the hospital . They held olive branches . They had no arms . There were 35 army soldiers and about 50 mukhabarat personnel at the checkpoint . We also had a jeep with a mounted machine-gun . When the protesters were less than 100 meters away , we opened fire . " These statements are part of the testimony of two Syrian soldiers who say they deserted after being ordered by officers to fire on unarmed protesters . They are among 63 who have fled to neighboring countries and told Human Rights Watch of their experiences . The organization has documented incidents where soldiers say they were ordered to kill or torture protestors , went on looting rampages or witnessed other soldiers being shot or tortured for disobeying orders or desertion . The report , released Thursday , is titled , "  By All Means Necessary , " borrows the language allegedly used by officers as they issued orders to soldiers to put down protests . It identifies 74 commanders and officials accused of ordering attacks on unarmed protestors . The testimony is frequently harrowing . A soldier from the 9th Division recounted that on April 28 he was sent to a checkpoint to prevent protesters from marching on the capital , Damascus . "  People were approaching from different sides , and one guy came up to me and screamed , " ` If you are a man , shoot me ! ' The same moment , a mukhabarat guy next to me shot him in the shoulder , at close range , and tried to arrest him . His mother approached us and said , ` Let him go ; take me instead ! , ' and a mukhabarat guy in civilian clothes in front of me shot the guy point blank and killed him , in front of his mother . " The mukhabarat are members of the the feared military intelligence service regarded as regime loyalists . At about the same time - in Daraa , where the protests began - a soldier alleged that his commander stood in front of the brigade and ordered : "  Use heavy shooting . Nobody will ask you to explain . " Another soldier deployed to Bukamal in May said his commander made it clear that the unit 's "  job was not to arrest people , but to kill . " According to the soldier , the commander gave verbal orders to "  kill anyone putting up resistance , regardless of whether they are men , women , or children . " HRW says it interviewed 63 defectors from the armed forces over a period of six months , talking to them "  and other witnesses separately and at length . "  Violations described in this report are those that several defectors described separately , " HRW says . Most of the interviewees were conscripts but several were officers . One soldier said in the early days of the protests , commanders would brief their men "  about how good Assad and his family were , and about the threats from the terrorists . And then they also forbade us from taking leave . " Many of the soldiers said they were convinced that the government 's claims were false when they went on leave and realized that "  close relatives and friends were participating in the protests and had been attacked by the security forces . " The Syrian government continues to maintain that "  armed gangs " and terrorists , incited from outside Syria , have been attacking the security forces . In an interview with the U.S. network ABC a week ago , President Bashar al Assad said he was not responsible for any misconduct by the security forces . "  I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country , so they 're not my forces , " he said . But some of the soldiers interviewed by HRW accuse senior officers close to the president of ordering them to shoot protestors . One man who says he served in the 4th Division said a brigadier general had instructed them to shoot at protestors in Damascus . He says he later found out that "  the orders came from Maher al-Assad , de facto commander of the 4th Division and President al-Assad 's younger brother . " Another soldier with the 4th Division said that his unit was deployed to make arrests in a Damascus neighborhood in May . "  We had batons , and the shabeeha  a government militia  had weapons ; they wore black clothes . We were running after people , and those we grabbed wished they had died because of how badly we beat them . " A captain "  used to shoot with his pistol at those we could n't catch . " A former lieutenant colonel in the Presidential Guard described the torture of a man on the "  wanted list " who had been detained in a suburb of Damascus in August . "  When I came , he was still alive , " the former officer related . ` He was screaming , and the soldiers were swearing and laughing . It lasted for about five minutes longer , and then he died . " The report also details ruthless treatment of soldiers who tried to avoid killing protesters . One soldier said that during a protest in Damascus in April , a young conscript called Yusuf was shooting in the air and not at protestors . A military intelligence officer "  called a sniper on the roof , pointed at Yusuf , and the sniper then shot Yusuf twice in the head . Intelligence agents took Yusuf 's body away . The next day we saw Yusuf 's body on TV . They said that he had been killed by terrorists . " The soldiers also describe "  sweeps " of neighborhoods where protests were common , with hundreds of arbitrary arrests . Among incidents of looting described , one soldier said that "  in Bayda we broke the doors and took whatever we wanted . The mukhabarat was arresting people ; in one area , they arrested ten old men to force their children to turn themselves in . The same continued in Banyas , where we went the next days . In Basateen , we looted everything , both my unit and others . " HRW says defections from the Syrian armed forces and intelligence agencies appear to have steadily increased since the protests began in March . HRW says the UN Security Council should ensure the accountability of the officers named "  up to the very highest levels of the Syrian government " by referring Syria to the International Criminal Court . "  Try as he may to distance himself from responsibility for his government 's relentless brutality , President Assad 's claim that he did not actually order the crackdown does not absolve him of criminal responsibility , " says Anna Neistat , one of the report 's authors . "  The ongoing killings , arrests , repression , and general denials of responsibility by the Syrian government also make clear that officials have failed to take any meaningful action to address these abuses , " HRW concludes . The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights estimates that some 5,000 people have been killed in Syria 's unrest . On Wednesday , UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon said : "  This can not go on . In the name of humanity , it is time for the international community to act . " The report comes out a day after there were unconfirmed reports that 33 people were killed in Syria . The deaths were reported by the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group that organizes and documents protests . CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence in Syria because the government restricts access by foreign journalists .	HRW interviews 63 Syrian soldiers that have defected The soldiers say they were ordered to kill and torture protesters U.N. chief : "  It is time for the international community to act " The unit 's "  job was not to arrest people , but to kill , " a soldier says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- It was code-named "  Dawn of Gulf of Aden , " and when South Korea gave it a green light Friday , its daring execution led to five hours of chilling drama on the high seas . A South Korean navy destroyer and Lynx helicopters fired warning shots as elite forces , in pre-dawn darkness , silently approached the deck of the freighter Samho Jewelry , hijacked by Somali pirates Saturday , according to the Yonhap news agency . The pirates fired with their AK-47s and rocket-propelled grenades . The South Koreans shot back . When it was all over , the South Koreans had rescued 21 sailors , killed eight pirates and captured five others , said Lt. Gen. Lee Sung-ho , a spokesman for South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff . The captain of the 11,500-ton ship was shot in the stomach during the rescue , but no other crew member was hurt . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak praised the bold rescue in a nationally televised address . "  Our military carried out the operation perfectly under difficult circumstances , " he said . "  We will not accept any actions that threaten the lives of our people . " Lee said the U.S. military also assisted in the operation . A U.S. Navy helicopter from the USS Shoup performed a medical evacuation in the operation . "  This mission shows that the South Korean government will not negotiate with pirates , " Lee said . The South Koreans launched their secret rescue mission earlier in the week , chasing the Samho Jewelry for days in the Arabian Sea . When the pirates seemed exhausted and after intelligence that suggested a pirate "  mother ship " was leaving a Somali port , the South Koreans decided to attempt the rescue , Yonhap said . The Samho Jewelry was carrying chemicals from the United Arab Emirates to Sri Lanka when it was hijacked . Somali pirates have seized seven other South Korean ships . All but one have been released with ransom payments , Yonhap said . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	The South Korean navy rescued 21 sailors , killed eight pirates and captured five The freighter was on its way to Sri Lanka when it was seized by Somali pirates South Korea 's president praises the bold rescue operation
CNN Student News  -- April 15 , 2014 Uncertain times in an unstable nation : Today 's show begins with a report about a deteriorating crisis in Ukraine . We also introduce you to an American runner who 's been affected by two terrorist attacks on U.S. soil . And we explain what an umbra is and how it factors in to a celestial event you just do n't see every night ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What types of media messages might help people who are filing their taxes as the deadline looms ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . 16th Amendment 2 . PTSD 3 . umbra Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why is Ukraine in a state of instability ? How has Ukraine 's government responded to protesters ? Whom does Ukraine and its allies blame for the protests , and why ? How has Russia responded ? 2 . Who is Sally Duval ? What connection does she have to two different national tragedies ? What happened in Boston , Massachusetts on April 15 , 2013 ? How did this attack affect Duval ? Who is Joanne Pomodoro ? What will she participate in for the first time next Monday ? How is she helping other runners to prepare ? What advice does Duval have for those affected by tragedy ? 3 . What are Americans required to do on Tax Day ? What amendment gives the federal government the power to collect income taxes ? What are some of the things these taxes are used to fund ? 4 . What is the name of the shadow that occurs during an eclipse ? What causes a "  blood moon " ? What conditions could obstruct the view of this eclipse ? 5 . What is Red Paw ? Why did Jen Leary create this program ? In what career did she witness human tragedy and loss ? What does she do with the pets she takes in ? Why does she think that this is an important cause ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Has your community ever faced a tragedy ? If so , what did residents do to help themselves heal and move on ? Do you agree with Sally Duval when she advises people to stick with their routines as a way to move past a tragedy ? Explain . What approach do you think helps people heal after a tragedy ? 2 . Why do you think that Tax Day is a source of stress for some people ? What do you think that they and others might do to make the day less stressful ? 3 . Why do you think that eclipses and other astronomical events often receive news coverage ? What other kinds of science stories often get media coverage ? Why do you think this is the case ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored a superb late goal to give Argentina a 1-0 victory over South American rivals Brazil in a prestige friendly international in Qatar on Wednesday . The world player of the year struck in time added on to give Argentina a first win in five years against the five-time world champions , who they will meet again in La Plata on December 19 . The diminutive Barcelona gathered a pass from substitute Ezequiel Lavezzi and waltzed in from the right flank past four defenders before angling a low left-foot shot into the corner of the net . It was Messi 's first goal against Brazil , who recalled Ronaldinho for the first time since April 2009 . "  It 's always important to win and this victory is even more important because it 's against a direct rival and it gives us confidence , " Messi told AFP . "  My goal was important because it enabled us to beat Brazil . " It was Brazil 's first defeat in four matches under new coach Mano Menezes , who replaced Dunga after the team lost in the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup . Sergio Batista , however , triumphed in his first match as fulltime Argentina coach as his side bounced back from the 1-0 defeat by Japan while he was still in temporary charge . Brazil 's Dani Alves hit the crossbar in the first half , while Messi fired a shot which grazed the woodwork . The United States beat 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa 1-0 in Cape Town thanks to a late goal from teenage debutant Juan Agudelo . The Colombia-born forward , who turns 18 next week , scored the only goal with five minutes to play after being set up by fellow newcomer Mikkel Diskerud -- a 20-year-old Norwegian midfielder whose mother is from Arizona . It was South Africa 's first defeat in four matches since the World Cup , with England-based striker David Somma -- who lived in the U.S. in his early teens -- making his debut for Bafana Bafana . Paraguay romped to a 7-0 win away to Hong Kong , with striker Roque Santa Cruz scoring twice in the first half and Jose Ortigoza netting twice in the second . Edgar Barreto , Marcos Riveros and Cristian Riveros were also on target for the World Cup quarterfinalists . African champions Egypt crushed Australia 3-0 in Cairo , with first-half goals from Ahmed Abd El-Zaher and Gedo before Mohamed Zidan scored a last-minute penalty . The Ivory Coast lost 3-1 to Poland in Poznan as young striker Robert Lewandowski scored twice for the home side . Gervinho equalized just before halftime but Ludovic Obraniak put Poland ahead again on 64 before the 22-year-old Lewandowski struck for his second with 10 minutes to play . Morocco drew 1-1 with Northern Ireland in Belfast as striker Marouane Chamakh scored an opportunist opener in the 56th minute before Rory Patterson leveled with a penalty with four minutes left . In other games involving African teams , Malawi beat Rwanda 2-1 , Ghana drew 0-0 away to Saudi Arabia , Mali defeated the visiting Congo Republic 3-1 , Senegal beat Gabon 2-1 and Algeria drew 0-0 with Luxembourg . China defeated European minnows Latvia 1-0 in Kunming thanks to a header in time added on from substitute Yang Xu . Oman crashed to a 4-0 home defeat by Belarus , for whom defender Alyaksandr Martynovich scored twice in the first 11 minutes . Kuwait were held 1-1 at home by Asian champions Iraq .	Argentina beat Brazil for the first time in five years in friendly international in Doha Lionel Messi scores the only goal of the game with a solo effort in injury-time United States beat 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa 1-0 in Cape Town World Cup quarterfinalists Paraguay thrash Hong Kong 7-0 in another friendly
CNN  -- Acting Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson , visiting the Phoenix VA facility where a report found 1,700 veterans were left off waiting lists , said Thursday that changes there signal the beginning of needed reforms . The VA has contacted the veterans cited in an internal report and has begun to schedule appointments , Gibson said . "  Getting this right is our top priority , and taking care of the veterans here in Phoenix is a good place to start , " he said . The Veterans Affairs scandal has mushroomed since CNN first reported last November on allegations of alarming shortcomings within the VA medical care system that potentially had deadly consequences in dozens of cases . The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month , with sources revealing to CNN details of a secret waiting list for treatment . According to the sources , at least 40 veterans died while waiting for care at the Phoenix medical center . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care . Gibson said the results of a nationwide audit and numbers from patient wait data will be released on Monday and will show how systemic problems are at the agency . The VA is looking to contract with non-VA medical-care providers in the Phoenix area to assist with primary care , he said , and is sending three mobile units . Gibson said that the VA will hire temporary workers to ensure veterans get the care they deserve . He also announced the department has suspended bonuses for senior executives for the financial year . "  Additionally , we will remove the 14-day scheduling goal from employee performance contracts to eliminate any incentives to engage in inappropriate behavior , " he said . In some cases , wait times were manipulated to meet employee performance goals needed for bonuses , two VA reports revealed . Gibson replaced Eric Shinseki , who resigned last week . Were bonuses tied to VA wait times ? Here 's what we know The announced changes come the same day Senate negotiators reached a deal -- which will have to be approved by the full Senate -- on a bill that would approve the building of new VA facilities , bring about the hiring of more doctors and nurses and allow veterans in rural areas to go to non-VA doctors . It should go to the Senate floor next week , according to aides . Senate reaches deal on VA bill	VA is contacting 1,700 veterans in Phoenix to schedule appointments Bonuses for senior executives are suspended Results of an audit will be released on Monday VA will hire temporary employees to help veterans move through the system
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia  CNN  -- African leaders have chosen Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi as chairman of the African Union , according to Ethiopian and Libyan official news agencies . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi will chair the African Union for one year . At a closed session on Monday , the 53-member Assembly of the African Union Heads of State and Government elected Gadhafi to replace the Tanzanian President , Jakaya Kikwete , who held the position for the last year . Chairmanship of the AU went to the northern African nation because the post is a rotating position held by heads of state for one year . According to Libya 's official news agency , Gadhafi will attempt in his new role "  to take a decision on establishing an executive instrument for the AU , to push Africa forward to become African united states , such as the United States of Africa . " U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood answered only in general terms about how the United States would deal with its former adversary as the AU president . "  In terms of our working with the AU , we 're going to continue , because we have a lot of interests and joint interest in terms of trying to bring peace and stability and economic development and delivery of humanitarian assistance to the continent where it 's needed , " Wood said . "  And so the AU is an important partner for us . It will continue to be . And we 'll just have to see how it goes . " The United States named Libya a state sponsor of terrorism in 1979 and severed diplomatic relations in 1981 after years of strained relations following a 1969 coup that left Gadhafi as head of the government . But the two countries moved closer after Libya agreed to pay restitution to families of victims of the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am jet over Lockerbie , Scotland , and announced its decision to abandon a weapons of mass destruction program . The United States removed Libya from the list of state sponsors of terrorism and restored full diplomatic relations in 2006 .	Gadhafi replaces the leader of Tanzania , who held the post for the last year The chairmanship is an annual rotating position Gadhafi will try in his new role to push Africa "  to become African united states " U.S. says the African Union is an "  important partner "
CNN  -- For three years , the thieves crept into some of the poshest homes in the most exclusive enclaves in the nation . The gated community of Bel Air was one of several enclaves targeted by the so-called "  Hillside Burglars . " Police said they finally have a break in the case , and wealthy residents of Los Angeles , California , are breathing a sigh of relief . "  These guys were real good , " said L.A. City Councilman Jack Weiss , who oversees Bel Air where some of the burglaries were committed . "  They were professionals . " The thieves hauled away more than $ 10 million worth of valuables and cash from 150 homes in upscale neighborhoods such as Bel Air , Pacific Palisades and Beverly Hills , police said . Homes of Hollywood celebrities , professional athletes and multimillionaires were hit . According to CNN affiliate KABC , country music stars Faith Hill and Tim McGraw and former Paramount Pictures CEO Sherry Lansing were among the victims . DNA evidence led the LAPD to suspected ringleader Troy Corsby Thomas , 45 , of Los Angeles . He was arrested near L.A. International Airport last weekend . Police say Thomas led a gang dubbed the "  Hillside Burglars " that targeted the neighborhoods overlooking Sunset Boulevard . "  It 's a very euphoric , satisfying feeling that we got this person , " said the police Lt. David McGill . "  It 's a very frustrating feeling to tell the victims , ` I 'm sorry I do n't have any news for you . ' Finally when we got some good detective work and breaks , things started lining up . " Police are looking for more suspects linked to the three-year spree but are not naming them . Thomas is being held on $ 2 million bail , according to the L.A. County District Attorney 's Office . He is likely to stay in custody because he must reveal the origin of any funds used to pay the bail , authorities said . At a court appearance Tuesday , Thomas pleaded not guilty to two charges of residential burglary , one in January 2006 and another in March 2008 . The preliminary court date for Thomas will be set on January 29 and additional charges are expected to be filed , according to CNN affiliates KABC and KTLA . Police will not comment on Thomas ' background . The Los Angeles Times reported that Thomas told police he had been working as an auto broker . The Hillside Burglars have not struck since Thomas ' arrest , police said . "  Hallelujah ! " said L.A. Councilman Bill Rosendahl , whose district includes Brentwood and Pacific Palisades . "  Even a crafty crook does make his mistake and that 's what happened to this one . " Some residents are cautiously optimistic . "  We 're delighted , " said Robert René , president of Brentwood Homeowners Association , which represents about 800 homes . "  We are very fortunate to have the due diligence of the Westside LAPD . " Harvey I. Saferstein , president of the Bel Air Association , agreed , "  We are all obviously thankful and relieved . " The financially strapped LAPD created a Hillside Burglars task force . People donated cameras and other equipment and police stepped up patrols . The outlay amounted to "  millions of dollars , " Rosendahl said . Neighborhood watch groups formed . One in Bel Air donated $ 8,000 for infrared cameras that can spot burglars in the dark . Robert Ringler , president of the Bel Air Beverly Crest Neighborhood Council , hosted a community meeting with the LAPD at the five-star Bel Air Hotel a year and a half ago . As swans swam in ponds in the background , about 150 Westside residents sipped Perrier and vented their fears . "  It had gotten to be such an epidemic , " Ringler said . The impressive mansions -- usually gated and hidden by walls and hedges -- dot the lush hillsides and canyons between the coast and the mountains . The qualities that make them so desirable also make them vulnerable . The seclusion that appeals to upscale homeowners also appeals to thieves . Because many of the homes are tucked into the sides of mountains and canyons , behind gates , it 's easy for a thief to escape unseen and hard for police to get there quickly . "  It 's the perfect target , " Ringler said . "  You can access the property and nobody would ever see you . " Frequently , maids , pool workers and gardeners have access to the property , which allows burglars to pass as the help and slip in unchallenged . According to police and media reports , the methods were sophisticated . Burglars waited till homeowners went on vacation or out for the night . They used lawn furniture and ladders to creep into the second floor , which often lacked alarms . They quickly went in , looked for jewelry , safes and cash , and ducked out with the goods . They never attacked any of the homeowners , preferring stealth to confrontation . Residents say they learned to keep jewelry and other valuables in safety deposit boxes and out of sight . Many added alarm systems and insured their belongings . "  It 's not just about money , " said Robin Stevens , who lives with her husband and son in Brentwood . "  A lot of people lost things of sentimental value . " Stevens , whose neighbors have been burglarized , said she feels safer knowing that police arrested Thomas , but will continue hiding her mother 's antique jewelry and locking the windows . During a two-week trip to the South Pacific last fall , Stevens made sure to e-mail her neighbors , notifying them that she would be gone so they could look out for strangers . Other residents remain skeptical . Pacific Palisades Community Council Chairman Richard G. Cohen said he feels relief but is waiting for a conviction . "  The arrest does n't mark the end of our concern , " he said . With the economy in a tailspin , Steve Twining , who serves on the West Los Angeles Police advisory board , believes thefts will continue . "  In these dire economic times , I do n't think it 's going to dissuade others from trying to do the same thing , " he said . "  The burglary situation will probably get worse before it gets better . "	Wealthy Bel Air , Beverly Hills residents feel cautious relief Police say Troy Thomas led gang that stole $ 10M from 150 upscale homes Thomas in custody , pleads not guilty to felony burglary
CNN  -- Thousands of lights dance across the field as holiday music plays in the air . Cars slowly wind their way through displays of elves , candy canes , reindeer and snowmen . Children ooh and aah . Adults smile peacefully . More than 8 million lights create dozens of displays at Callaway Gardens in Pine Mountain , Georgia . Miles away at home , you 're on a ladder , in the freezing cold , untangling an impossible string of broken red and green bulbs . Holiday decorating is n't always all it 's cracked up to be , but the professionals have it down to a science -- providing memorable experiences filled with wonder and joy . CNN spoke with Callaway Gardens , host to one of the largest holiday light shows in the south . Their technical director , Bill Ferrell , joined forces with GKI , an outdoor light distributor , to offer four more suggestions for our Five to Go list : Fantasy in Lights at Callaway Gardens Pine Mountain , Georgia Fantasy In Lights at Callaway Gardens opened in 1992 with five scenes . Since then , this outdoor light and sound show has become one of the brightest holiday shows in the South . More than 8 million lights create dozens of displays , 99 percent of which are designed and built specifically for Callaway . The lights require 3,500 extension cords , 32 miles of cable and more than 3,900 person-hours to install . As its Web site states : "  To turn on the show , more than 1,000 switches have to be flipped every night . It takes two workers at least 45 minutes to turn on all of them . " After your leisurely ride , you can check out the Christmas Village -- complete with the "  Land of the Nutcrackers , " the "  Ornament Forest " and , of course , "  Toyland . " Fantasy In Lights at Callaway Gardens Tickets : $ 16 for adults , $ 8 for kids 6-12 Ozark Mountain Christmas Branson , Missouri You know that street in your city that goes all out for Christmas ? The town of Branson , Missouri , is exactly like that , but on a much larger scale . Throughout the holidays , the entire community is illuminated with more than 5 million lights , all of which set the scene for the two-mile Festival of Lights Parkway . Ozark Mountain Christmas and Branson draw more than 1.5 million visitors to the area each year . Expect to be especially amazed this year -- Ozark Mountain Christmas is marking its 20th anniversary . Do n't forget The Shepherd of the Hills Trail of Lights . The trail ends at Inspiration Tower , where visitors can climb  or take the elevator  to the top for a great view . Also available are more than 100 shows , including musicals , comedies and clean family fun . Ozark Mountain Christmas in Branson , Missouri Tickets : Free to drive around town Shows charge an admission fee The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights Disney World in Orlando , Florida Jennings Osborne 's daughter wanted one thing for Christmas in 1986 : to have their whole house covered in lights . Jennings worked to make his youngest daughter 's wish come true , and eventually their display grew to more than a million lights . The family even bought the property next door to expand their hobby . Neighbors were displeased with the holiday traffic jams , however , and the Osborne 's tradition was in danger of being canceled . The Walt Disney Company heard of the troubles and offered a place for the Osborne 's spectacle . Now every year on New York Street at Disney 's Hollywood Studios , millions of lights enchant people of all ages . The park even fills the air with "  snow " to enhance the experience . The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights Admission to the spectacle is free with admission to the park Christmas at Rockefeller Center New York The lighting of the Rockefeller Center tree brings thousands of people out each year , including some top celebrities . But just because the lighting ceremony this year has passed , that does n't mean it 's not still a top holiday light display . More than 30,000 LED lights cover a 72-foot Norway spruce that 's 40 feet around . The 8-ton tree was donated this year by a family in New Jersey . Although the tree with its crystal star is a sight of its own , Christmas at Rockefeller Center has many other attractions . You can go ice skating , visit the Radio City Music Hall to see the famous Rockettes or walk to nearby Saks Fifth Avenue -- a store that is well known for its holiday window displays . Christmas at Rockefeller Center Free to see tree Candlelight Christmas Evenings Biltmore Estate in Asheville , North Carolina The Biltmore Estate is a 250-room country castle that includes a library , banquet hall , 65 fireplaces , indoor pool , bowling alley and many priceless antiques . For the holidays , it 's decorated from floor to ceiling . Garland covers the mantles , red ribbon swirls around windows and lights are strung from every corner . New this year is a 56-foot Norway spruce and surrounding "  forest " on the front lawn that boast more than 55,000 lights . Live entertainment is another added attraction throughout the Biltmore Estate . Musicians , dancers , storytellers and marionettes will perform amid the decorations . Candlelight Christmas Evenings at the Biltmore Estate Tickets  includes daytime estate visit to Biltmore Gardens , Winery , River Bend Farm , shops and restaurants  : $ 64 for adults , $ 32 for youth 10-16 , 9 and younger are free	Ozark Mountain Christmas draws more than 1.5 million visitors each year The Biltmore Estate decorates its 250-room country castle for the holidays See millions of lights at The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights Christmas at Rockefeller Center in New York is a tradition for many
CNN  -- Chris Keith was 12 years old when he learned his family did n't die in a car wreck . His father suffocated his mother and then shot Chris ' 8-year-old brother , Mikey , in the back of the head while he slept , his grandparents explained . The elderly couple had taken the boy to a counselor . As they told him the real story of what happened , they pulled out newspaper clippings from October 1985 . Chris had begun to wonder about the scars on his own head , and he had pieced together other clues from the past . Yet he 'd never known the full truth . His grandparents then told him the hardest news of all . Before his father killed himself , he put the .38 - caliber handgun to Chris ' head and pulled the trigger . Medics had declared everyone in the house dead , including Chris . Now 30 , Chris Keith visits church youth groups and juvenile justice centers to tell his story . A Christian , he believes God had a plan for him and that 's why he survived . Follow CNN 's Belief Blog Headlines occasionally bring back terrible memories , like the recent case in South Carolina where a mother is accused of suffocating her two boys before putting them in their car seats and letting the car roll into a river . When he hears stories like that , especially when a child survives , he bows his head and prays . At 12 , Chris grappled with the impossible : How could my father do something so evil ? "  It was almost like going through it again . I started feeling all these feelings again , of anger , of betrayal , of feeling like nobody wanted me . I was angry at the world , and mad at my grandparents for waiting so long to tell me . "  I was mad at my dad . Mad at my mom for taking him back so many times . " Memories flooded back . He recalled being in the hospital , staring at the door . "  I was waiting for my mother to walk through or for my brother to come in and say , ` Hey , everything 's going to be OK . We 're going to get out of here soon . ' " Now , he tells struggling youth that they 're not alone in this world . "  Even when we feel we have no inner strength left , you can make it , " he says . After he was shot in the head , he crawled to his brother 's bed and saw that his beloved brother was dead , he says , citing the coroner 's report of the massacre . Bloodied with a hole in his head , Chris then crawled toward the doorway as if he was trying to find his mother . It was there that a medic saw him move , ever so slightly , after he 'd already been pronounced dead . A video from the scene shows a first responder emerge from the front door . "  We 've got one alive in here ! " "  I did n't want to give up , " he says . "  I firmly believe Jesus had his hands on me , saying , ` Somebody is going to come for you . ' " He says he does n't know why he survived , while his mother and brother died . He 's struggled with that over the years : "  What if my brother survived and I did n't ? " Those are questions he 'll never be able to answer . "  I just know that my life was saved , " he says . "  Doctors do n't know why I 'm alive . ... I have a second chance in life , and I just want to make the most of it and maybe help others who are internally suffering . " Yet , it took years -- and lots of counseling -- to reach this point . He turned into a recluse in middle school and high school . Sometimes , he 'd lay in bed all night , unable to sleep , "  just thinking . " He was the kid who just wanted to get through to the next day . "  It 's crazy to think about -- those incidents were something that my dad did , " he says . "  My own dad tried to kill me , so who am I supposed to trust ? " Sometimes he struggled with guilt -- feeling it somehow was his fault . "  I was always searching for things that I could have done . " Once , somebody asked him : Are you afraid you 're going to go crazy like your dad ? "  It just hit me really hard , and I do n't want to be like that . " He carried a newspaper clipping about the killings in his wallet . At 14 , he showed it to his youth minister . Tears rolled down the preacher 's face as he read . "  It was amazing to me because I had never seen a man cry before , " he says . "  It made me realize somebody cared about me . " Chris ' best friend walked in at that moment . Handed the article , he too began crying . Chris credits his youth minister and his best friend , as well as his grandparents and his church , with helping him get through . In them , he could see that "  not everybody is as selfish as my dad was . And that helped me cope . " When he would lock himself in his room , he 'd often listen to music . The lyrics of one song resonated : "  Do not let the world get you down and remember that a bright shiny day comes after the rain . It is going to get better . " "  I just clung to that , " he says . He married young -- at 19 . "  I was longing for a family . That 's just something I wanted . " He and his wife celebrated their 10th anniversary this year . If you need proof that good can come from evil , he says , all you have to do is look at his own son , 6-year-old Dylan . He says he constantly tells his boy "  I love you " and holds him tight . When he sees his boy playing , he sometimes thinks , "  Man , how could my dad do that ? " Chris now works with Upward Bound Outreach ministries as well as working at a long-term care pharmacy in Fort Worth , Texas . He 's working on getting a degree in computer engineering and maintains his own blog . He 's got many goals in life . At the top of the list : "  To not end up like my dad . " "  I just want to try my best to see others make it . "	Chris Keith was 5 when his father shot him in the head His mother and brother were killed in the attack ; his father then committed suicide Now 30 , Chris tells his story to youth groups and at juvenile justice centers "  I just want to try my best to see others make it , " he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Margaret Pellegrini , one of the last surviving Munchkins from the original production of "  The Wizard of Oz , " died Wednesday , the Munchkins spokesman said . She was 89 . Pellegrini played the flowerpot Munchkin and one of the sleepy head kids in the classic 1939 film , according to spokesman Ted Bulthaup . She suffered a stroke at her home in Phoenix Monday , Bulthaup said . Behind the scenes of the original ` The Wizard of Oz ' Flowers were placed on the Munchkins ' star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Wednesday . Pellegrini 's death leaves just two surviving Munchkins , including Lollipop Kid Jerry Maren , 93 , who lives in Los Angeles , and Ruth Duccini , 95 , who lives in Phoenix , Bulthaup said . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Margaret Pellegrini played the flowerpot Munchkin and one of the sleepy head kids Two Munchkins survive , including Lollipop Kid Jerry Maren , 93 , and Ruth Duccini , 95 "  The Wizard of Oz " is a 1939 movie classic
CNN  -- Are stars just like us ? It does n't feel that way when gazing at some celebrity 's multimillion-dollar estate through the window of a star-map tour bus . But thanks to the rise of peer-to-peer vacation rental sites , staying in a legend 's current or former home is now sometimes just a click away . These properties offer travelers the chance to live vicariously -- and , sure , lavishly . Staying in a house with ties to big names like actor Denzel Washington , rock star Jim Morrison , or celebrity cook Paula Deen also comes with vacation-rental perks like private pools , gourmet kitchens , and ample square footage . Some celebrities keep their rentals on the market year round , while others are getting savvy about choosing when to seize the moment . In June , timed to the World Cup , soccer star Ronaldinho rented out his Rio de Janeiro mansion for $ 15,000 on Airbnb.com and touted it on Facebook . Musician Kevin Jonas  of the Jonas Brothers  made headlines earlier in 2014 when he put up his New Jersey home for rent during Super Bowl XLVIII . "  At the end of the day , celebrities are just like everyone else and have an interest in making their investments work for them , " says Jon Gray , senior vice president of HomeAway.com . "  If they have an empty property that they rarely use , why not make money on it ? " Such is the case for novelist Anne Rice , who rents out her 5,000-square-foot Florida beach house . Tenants get to spend days in the rooms where she used to write -- and experience her sense of style . "  Certainly the lavish furnishings reflect my love of the baroque , " she admits . "  It 's the overall aesthetic that may engulf a guest and make him or her think of my books . I 'm glad people are able to enjoy my home now the way I once enjoyed it all the time . " New rental site Elite Luxury Homes lists only A-listers ' properties , handpicked by owner Martin Beaurivage , previously of CAA -- a talent agency that signs million-dollar contracts with boldface entertainers . His site now allows the general public to book vacations in unforgettable dream homes , although its exclusive listings mostly avoid name-dropping . "  We 've found most celebrities are quite private and do n't make it public when one of their properties is available for rent , " agrees Gray . "  However , those who do put their name out there are able to generate more interest and , ultimately , more bookings . " Travel + Leisure : The World 's Best Hotels Willem Dafoe : Hudson Valley , New York Like Oscar-winning actor Willem Dafoe , you may find it tough to resist the Rubber House , an architectural gem built in 1981 for choreographer Eugene Loring . It 's full of striking design details like a vaulted glass chef 's kitchen and a glass-atrium walkway . In an Interview magazine story , Dafoe said : "  I was looking for a house upstate , something rustic , like an old farmhouse . This was the first place my real estate agent took me to see , and I was annoyed because the Rubber House was clearly not what I had said I was looking for . But as I continued to search , I kept returning to have another look . Visit by visit , I was seduced , and I finally bought it . " Dafoe eventually sold it in 2008 , and now vacationers can rent the 1,949-square-foot , two-bedroom home . It 's near the hiking trails of Mohonk Preserve and about 100 miles north of New York City . $ 500 per night with a three-night minimum ; airbnb.com Bode Miller : Carroll , New Hampshire Olympic skier Bode Miller and his wife , Morgan Beck , a professional beach volleyball player , own this cozy estate in New Hampshire 's ski-resort territory . Beck tweeted about the home in 2013 and touts its "  gorgeous views of Mount Washington . " Guests can also expect stone fireplaces , deep-soaking tubs , hand-carved wood furnishings , leather sofas , and four bedrooms that accommodate up to 10 . $ 800 per night with a two-night minimum ; airbnb.com Travel + Leisure : 25 Ideas for Your Best Summer Ever Denzel Washington/Jimmy Page : Malibu , California Celebrity history runs deep at this estate , infamous for its parties in the '60s and '70s .  According to the current owners : "  Captain & Tennille , a pop music duo from the 1970s , were one of the first occupants and lived here , we were told , with a chimpanzee . "  Floor-to-ceiling windows flood the three-bedroom , three-building property with natural light . It sprawls over eight acres up in the bluffs overlooking Broad and Zuma beaches ; some guests have reported seeing dolphins and breaching whales . $ 490 per night with a two-night minimum ; airbnb.com Dan Larson : Paso Robles , California The quaint coastal town of Paso Robles is chock-full of vineyards and wine estates  celebrities like Brad Pitt , Johnny Depp , and David Beckham have snapped up some for their personal use  . It once hosted MLB players during spring training , including former Houston Astros pitcher Dan Larson , who retired here with his wife , Barbara , in 1980 . Their modest two-bedroom offers visitors a fenced-off backyard with a barbecue area and a central location . "  We love this home for the ease and convenience of walking to downtown to enjoy everything from restaurants , antique stores , art studios , cinema , the city park , and downtown wine-tasting rooms , " says Larson . $ 190 per night ; homeaway.com Travel + Leisure : America 's Most Comfortable Hotel Beds Vivian Vance : Los Angeles Vivian Vance , best known as the sidekick in I Love Lucy , once called this three-bedroom estate in Hancock Park home -- as did actress Katherine MacDonald and oil magnate G. Allan Hancock himself . It 's now owned by David Cooley  also behind notable gay bar The Abbey  , who has a number of celebrity friends like Madonna and J. Lo ; framed photos of him posing with these stars are on prominent display . The 4,000-square-foot brick house includes marble baths , original artwork , a theater room with oversize couches and a fireplace , and an elegant kitchen that opens onto the spacious lawn -- graced by lounge chairs , a pool with spouts that cascade water , and a hot tub . Three bedrooms are spread across the main property and a guesthouse . $ 2,195 per night ; eliteluxuryhomes.com Harry Houdini : Los Angeles Houdini practiced his famous feats of escape and illusion at this mansion , though he did n't live here long  his premature death shortly followed his move in  . His wife , Bess , stayed on , performing séances to communicate with him until the house burned down in 1959 . Carefully restored , the five-acre , three-bedroom mansion in the Hollywood Hills is now popular for large-party rentals thanks to its three bedrooms , outdoor pool , Houdini memorabilia , and that elusive Houdini mystique . $ 1,000 per night ; homeaway.com Anne Rice : Belle Mer , Florida Anne Rice has a knack for evoking dark , mysterious places in her novels , yet her five-bedroom condo is hardly creepy . Instead , she 's taken a go-big approach to her home , filling more than 5,000 square feet with grand marble furnishings , chandeliers , four-post beds , two fully appointed kitchens , and several balconies with views of Navarro Beach . "  I tiled all the decks so they would be utterly smooth for bare feet , " adds Rice . She also placed small statues throughout the property that are related to her books  copies are available on site  . $ 514 per night with a three-night minimum ; homeaway.com Orson Welles : Hollywood , California Filmmaker Orson Welles bought this four-bedroom home in the early 1930s , holing up here to write Citizen Kane -- with Rita Hayworth for company . The 3,000-square-foot estate now welcomes up to 10 guests , who also have the run of a nearly 15,000-square-foot private yard complete with a lagoon-style pool and a dry sauna . Inside , the game room features one of the movie 's first posters as well as 1920s-era sheet music researchers discovered in a locked box buried in the basement . The current owner also found a Rosebud sled , which he has determined is the original from the opening scene of Citizen Kane . It 's now mounted on the wall of the game room . $ 895 per night with a five-night minimum ; homeaway.com Paula Deen : Tybee Island , Georgia Y' all Come Inn includes , naturally , with a stellar kitchen stocked with all of Paula 's cookbooks -- one of which will be signed for guests as a souvenir . The 2,000-square-foot house also features three cheery bedrooms and a front porch with picnic-table seating . It 's located on Tybee Island , 20 miles from Savannah and four blocks from the beach . It 's a neighborhood that 's also attracted homeowners John Mellencamp and Sandra Bullock . $ 295 per night with a two-night minimum ; vrbo.com Armistead Maupin : Santa Fe , New Mexico The San Francisco -- based novelist , known for his "  Tales of the City " series , bought this 15-acre mountain retreat in 2012 . "  We fell in love with Tesuque the first time we came to Santa Fe , " he says . "  Not only did we love the house , but the land was more magical than anything we had looked at in Santa Fe . There are two arroyos on the property as well as cliffs up behind the house that are called the Tesuque Table . " The four-bedroom home -- located between Four Seasons Resort Rancho Encantado and the Santa Fe Opera -- comes with an infinity pool and a guest casita . $ 525 per night with a three-night minimum ; airbnb.com See More Celebrity Homes You Can Rent Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	With the rise of peer-to-peer rentals , it 's easier than ever to live like a celebrity Celebrities often travel , so it makes financial sense for them to rent out their homes It 's not just the stars of today ; the digs of Hollywood royalty are just a click away Some homes include perks like pools , movie props and a few hidden treasures
CNN  -- Everyone fantasizes about breaking free from life 's constraints , but a curious koala at the San Diego Zoo lived the dream Tuesday . Mundu , a 2-year-old koala , escaped from his enclosure , spending the day sleeping in a tree high above his exhibit . Zookeepers discovered he was missing shortly after feeding and watering the koalas at about 9 a.m. PT , said Jenny Mehlow , a zoo spokeswoman . No one knows exactly how he got out . But Mundu is on the cusp of sexual maturity , Mehlow said . His hormones are raging and he is constantly testing limits . Because the koala was not in any danger and did not pose any risk to the public , zookeepers took shifts watching Mundu in the tree . When the zoo closed , they lured him back into his exhibit . Mundu was then checked by a veterinarian . According to the San Diego Zoo website , the facility is famous for having the largest koala colony and the most successful breeding program outside of Australia . The exhibit has a Koala Cam , but Mundu 's Houdini-like move was not caught on camera . Leopard on the loose in Indian city Zoo CSI shows how red panda may have escaped 10 weirdest zoo animal escapes	NEW : Mundu , a 2-year-old koala , is back and being checked out by a veterinarian He spent the day sleeping in a tree high above his exhibit No one knows exactly how he got out , but he posed no danger to the public The exhibit has a Koala Cam , but Mundu 's Houdini-like move was not caught on camera
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental , one of Mexico 's most wanted drug traffickers , was arrested Tuesday , Mexican and U.S. authorities said . The capture of the high-level drug trafficker comes on the heels of successful military operations against another cartel last month . Mexican federal police , assisted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , made the arrest in the city of La Paz , Mexico , the capital of the state of Baja California Sur , DEA spokesman Michael Sanders said . Garcia Simental was a top lieutenant of the Tijuana cartel until he defected to the rival Sinaloa cartel after a power struggle . "  He is one the most notorious drug lords and was on a list of the Top 24 drug traffickers in all of Mexico " said another DEA official , who asked not to be identified because officials were still gathering preliminary information . Authorities presented Garcia Simental , together with another man captured in the raid , Diego Raymundo Gutierrez Gomez , to the media in Mexico City on Tuesday . Garcia Simental is accused of more than 300 murders , most of them since he split from the Tijuana-based Arellano-Felix organization in April 2008 , Federal Police Section Chief Ramon Eduardo Pequeno said . One of his jobs for the Arellano-Felix cartel was disposing of bodies , Pequeno said . Garcia Simental is accused of disposing of 300 body parts by dipping them in acid , Pequeno said . Once he split from the Arellano-Felix cartel , Garcia Simental continued to operate a drug trafficking organization in Tijuana with the help of rival cartels . The Sinaloa cartel and the Michoacan , Mexico-based La Familia cartel supplied Garcia Simental 's group with drugs , which he would smuggle into the United States , Pequeno said . This splintering of the Tijuana cartel was a cause of much of the violence seen in the border city since 2008 , he said . Tuesday 's arrest was the result of more than five months of intelligence operations , Pequeno said . There was a reward of up to 30 million pesos  U.S. $ 2.4 million  for Garcia Simental 's capture . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden in Washington contributed to this report .	Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental one of Mexico 's most wanted , it says Garcia Simental is accused of more than 300 murders He is accused of disposing of body parts by dipping them in acid , police say
New York  CNN  -- Vaclav Havel died Sunday in the Czech Republic he helped build . A few months ago , I wrote an appreciation as a way of marking his 75th birthday . The sentiments , of course , still stand and I 'm glad I did n't wait until his death to write it . We have lost a hero of our times , a friend of freedom , who lived his life with integrity and sent forward ripples of hope into the world . He will be missed and remembered . ... Draw up a compelling character representing the arc of the 20th century and it might look like this -- a child whose homeland is conquered by the Nazis and then occupied by communists ; a playwright , essayist and dissident turned state prisoner of conscience turned leader of a victorious nonviolent revolution over a totalitarian dictatorship . He culminates his career as president of his newly liberated nation . This is the life of Vaclav Havel as he celebrates his 75th birthday . In a time of Arab Springs still unfolding and uncertainty about what will emerge in the place of those Mideast dictatorships , Vaclav Havel 's life story takes on renewed relevance . The revelation of Havel 's leadership was n't just the triumphant nonviolence of the Velvet Revolution -- it was his bracing honesty , which was itself a revelation . Read the opening lines of his first inaugural address to the Czech people : "  My dear fellow citizens ... I assume you did not propose me for this office so that I , too , would lie to you . " This is the hallmark of Havel 's writing -- challenges to power rooted not in imperious ideological rhetoric but harder-to-dismiss , human-size truths . Take a look at his most enduring essay , "  The Power of the Powerless , " written behind the Iron Curtain in the darkest days of the 1970s . In this classic call for everyday citizens to recognize their power to change their world , Havel uses the example of a Soviet-era grocer placing a state-sponsored sign in his store window with the slogan : "  Workers of the world , unite ! " "  If the greengrocer had been instructed to display the slogan ' I am afraid and therefore unquestioningly obedient ; ' he would not be nearly as indifferent to its semantics , even though the statement would reflect the truth , " Havel wrote . So why does he do it ? "  The sign helps the greengrocer to conceal from himself the low foundations of his obedience , at the same time concealing the low foundations of power . It hides them behind the facade of something high . And that something is ideology , " Havel wrote . "  Ideology offers human beings the illusion of an identity , of dignity , and of morality while making it easier for them to part with them . " The power of those words ultimately helped inspire a revolution of citizen resistance to the totalitarian state . It may yet inspire more uprisings -- because beneath his appeal is not a vision of a utopian alternative , but the more basic human-scale virtue of civic responsibility , both for yourself and future generations . Havel 's experience with the Nazis and Communists taught him the lesson that utopian dreams often end in nightmares . Consequently , Havel has cautionary words for the overheated acolytes of perpetual revolution and retribution . "  Violence is well-known to breed violence , which is why most revolutions have degenerated into dictatorships , devouring their own offspring , " he wrote , "  not knowing that they were digging their own graves and confining society in a vicious circle of revolutions and counter-revolutions . " There is this enduring wisdom as well : Havel 's vision of an anti-totalitarian state ended up looking a lot like liberal capitalist democracy , with an emphasis on preserving pluralism and the uniqueness of a community . Havel was not allergic to the responsibilities of self-government , but instead embraced the mantle of authority in his own quixotic manner , never pretending to be perfect , leading by the power of his example rather than the example of his power . In office , he was a clear voice arguing for the West 's efforts to intervene militarily to stop the ethnic cleansing in Kosovo . At a time when many nations seemed confused , unable to see the conflict with moral clarity , Havel helped keep the Western world focused on our commitment to "  never forget . " Retired from office and often wrestling ill-health , Havel continues to write . Because he is one of the few recent world leaders who is primarily an author and artist , it is probably best to let his words speak for themselves on a few more varied subjects . -- On purposeful politics : "  True politics , worthy of the name â $ " and the only kind I will practice â $ " is the politics of service to one 's neighbor . Service to the community ; service to those who will succeed us ... If you are modest and do not lust after power , not only are you suited to politics , you absolutely belong there . " -- On globalization : "  An amalgamation of cultures is taking place . ... We are in a phase when one age is succeeding another , when everything is possible and almost nothing is certain . " -- On hope and persistence : "  The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle . " -- On a keeping a sense of humor : "  Anyone who takes himself too seriously always runs the risk of looking ridiculous ; anyone who can consistently laugh at himself does not . " We sometimes wait until people have passed to honor them appropriately . This seems like an avoidable oversight . If you 're inspired to learn more about Vaclav Havel , pick up one of his many books , from collections like "  Open Letters " to interview collections like "  Disturbing the Peace " to ruminations and recollections in books like "  Summer Meditations " and the most recent , "  To the Castle and Back . " In an uncertain , always evolving world , I am certain of this : Vaclav Havel 's words and example will endure and continue to provide inspiration , lighting a path forward , reminding us that history takes place in the here and now and that we all contribute to making it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon celebrates the life of Vaclav Havel , who died Sunday Avlon : Havel 's life story takes on renewed relevance in year of Arab Spring He says the former Czech president spoke for democracy and against utopian revolution Avlon : The writer-statesman 's life provides enduring inspiration
CNN  -- A consortium of wealthy city businessmen is poised to make an audacious takeover bid for English Premier League champions Manchester United . The self-styled "  Red Knights " issued a statement on Tuesday to confirm that they had held talks about ousting the current American owners , the Glazer family , to assume control at Old Trafford . The Red Knights include Jim O'Neill , the chief economist at Goldman Sachs , who is reportedly a friend of Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson . "  We can confirm that a group of high net worth individuals , who support Manchester United met in London yesterday , " a statement released on behalf of the Red Knights read . "  This group is supportive of current management but are looking at the feasibility of putting together a proposal to be put to the Glazer family regarding the ownership of Manchester United . "  These discussions are in early stages and no contact has been made with the Glazer family . " The Red Knights are joining forces with the influential Manchester United Supporters Trust  MUST  , who have mounted a vociferous campaign against the Glazers over their debt leveraged buyout of the club and fears about its future viability . The current level of debt stands at $ 1,089 million and the Glazers recently launched a bond issue to raise $ 750 million to reduce the debt . Football floats on a sea of debt "  As a first step , the Red Knights want supporters to demonstrate their commitment by joining the free online membership of the Supporters Trust , www.joinmust.org , " the statement went on . "  Any new ownership model would aim not only to put the club on a sound financial footing , but would also aim to put the supporters at the heart of everything the club does . " In recent weeks a groundswell of opinion has built up against the Glazers , who are rarely seen in public but did attend the English League Cup final at Wembley on Sunday as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-1 . They would have seen a large body of fans donning the original green and gold shirts of United 's founding club Newton Heath , one of the trademarks of the Supporters Trust campaign . Oliver Houston , a vice-chairman of MUST , told CNN World Sport that the Red Knights had their unequivocal backing and that his group had been involved in a series of meetings with them . "  These guys are Manchester United supporters to the core and they are talking about putting in their own money in any possible bid , " he said . Houston admitted that the Red Knights are at the "  early stages " but had appointed a team of lawyers and advisers to bolster their activities . "  We are talking about the long term health and sustainability of Manchester United , " he added . But the Red Knights will need to raise at least $ 1.52 billion to launch a buyout of the most successful club in the English Premier League , Drew Barrand from Sport Industry Group told World Sport . The Glazers reacted quickly to news of the putative bid . "  Manchester United is not for sale , " said a spokesman for the family , who also own the NFL side Tampa Bay Buccaneers . The statement of intent by the Red Knights comes on the day that the latest football "  rich list " , compiled by Deloitte , found that Manchester United had slipped to third place behind Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona . Real Madrid top rich list The list excludes transfer fees and is based on turnover and income and United 's slippage to third can , in part , be explained by the fall of the English pound against the euro . Real and Barcelona also benefit from negotiating their own television rights package while United are tied into the collective deal put in place by the English Premier League , but the statistics could give added justification for a takeover bid .	A group of ` high net worth individuals ' consider takeover bid for Manchester United ` The Red Knights ' are unhappy about the level of debt built up the Glazer family to buy United The group are forming an alliance with the Manchester United Supporters Trust The Glazer family reiterate that the club is not for sale
CNN  -- When basketball legend Michael Jordan talked to the press after a Chicago Bulls or Washington Wizards game , fans never got to see the superstar with sweat dripping from his brow or a towel wrapped around his waist after emerging from the shower . Consciously aware of his image , Jordan would dress in a side room and not in the main locker room with the other players . So when he emerged , he was suited and booted . Some players would walk around naked , oblivious to the strangers standing there ; others had towel wraps on , even dressing with members of the media standing not 10 feet away . Maybe Jordan should put in a call to Kate Middleton , the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William , and give her a lesson or two on what you need to do in this media-obsessed world -- now that photos of her breasts have been published by a French newspaper . Brits are aghast at the breach of protocol , and Buckingham Palace is threatening legal action . Good luck with that . They are better off sitting Kate down with the same person who had to counsel Prince Harry after his butt-naked romp in a Las Vegas suite . Royals to sue over nude photos Look , I 'm not the least bit insensitive to the shock and horror of the young married couple seeing magazine photos of themselves sunbathing on private property in France . Yet my mama and daddy always taught me that if you do n't want someone to see your private parts , then do n't show them in public for someone to see . Over decades now , we have become accustomed to the crazed antics of the paparazzi invading the personal space of celebrities . Pantyless shots of Lindsay Lohan or Paris Hilton getting out of cars ? Check . No-talent celebrities like Kim Kardashian starring in sex tapes to pave the way to the land of riches ? Check . Cell phone videos of celebs doing whatever to whomever they want in nightclubs ? Check . Our culture not only has accepted it , we revel in it . Seriously , do you think all of those celebrity magazines and websites with photos of stars walking to the store to get coffee lose money ? No . We live in the age of voyeurism , and the long lenses of the paparazzi satisfy our insatiable desire for the garbage . "  Mindless entertainment " is what I 've heard folks call it . Just mindless is how I 'll classify it . Irish tabloid publishes topless royal photos It would be great if celebs could be themselves . And it 's terrible that folks ca n't drop the pretenses and have dinner with friends without thinking someone has a phone video camera on them and is capturing private remarks . But that world left us long ago , and it 's not coming back . As long as photographers can reap six-figure pay days , and websites can rack up millions of page views and charge advertisers more money , every boob shot of a celeb will be shown . Call it despicable and degrading , but it also creates a situation that requires common sense . Kate , unless you know for sure that no one else 's prying eyes -- or camera -- will see you , do n't sunbathe naked . All of the screaming and righteous indignation wo n't do a darn thing to stop the next celeb or royal family member who chooses to show up in his or her birthday suit . Blame the photographer all day  and it 's a job I would never want  . But if she never takes the top off outside , we 're not having this discussion . Right , Michael Jordan ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Michael Jordan , aware of his image , kept covered up , even in locker room He says Jordan could advise Kate Middleton : In media-obsessed world , cover up He says royals can be aghast if they want , but lurid pictures sell and people want to be shocked Martin : The world of privacy is gone , not coming back ; if you 're famous , do n't sunbathe naked
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- A judge in Italy is set to announce whether Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will face an immediate trial on charges of abuse of power and sex with an underage prostitute . Prosecutors in Milan filed the request for trial last week , setting in motion a five-day clock for Judge Cristina di Censo to make a decision . She can order the trial to go ahead without the traditional preliminary hearing , as Milan chief prosecutor Edmundo Bruti Liberati requested , or dismiss it , allowing investigations to continue to determine if there is enough evidence for trial . She can also refer the case to another jurisdiction , or request one more day to make her decision . Berlusconi 's lawyers have argued that the Milan courts do not have jurisdiction -- because of where the alleged crimes were committed -- or the authority to try a prime minister . Prosecutors are investigating claims that Berlusconi paid for sex with nightclub dancer Karima El Mahrough , who was 17 at the time of the alleged activity , and later intervened with the police after she was arrested on an unrelated charge . Berlusconi dismissed the accusations as "  groundless " when the prosecution request was filed Wednesday , saying the call for a trial was a "  farce . " There was no abuse of power , he said . And he said he was "  sorry because these  allegations  have offended the dignity of the country . They 've thrown mud on the government , on the country and on myself at an international level . " Thousands of Italians took to the streets across the country Sunday to protest Berlusconi 's alleged behavior toward women . The largest gathering was in Rome , where organizers said 100,000 people gathered , under the slogan , "  If not now , when ? " In Milan , organizers estimated that 60,000 people gathered . Protests also took place outside Italy , including marches in Tokyo and Geneva , Switzerland . Sunday 's demonstrations were the biggest anti-Berlusconi rallies since the most recent sex scandal broke . Berlusconi has denied that he has ever paid anyone for sex . The protests were organized by women 's groups and publicized by internet . The turnout surprised the organizers , who did n't want the demonstrations to be political , though that 's what they became . One woman who came with her family to the Milan rally told CNN that she was "  fed up with the way women are portrayed as objects in the Italian media . The way that young girls are glorified by their looks and youth and then what ? I do n't want my daughter to grow up thinking that that is the only way to be ... that the only thing that matters is to be pretty and show off their legs . ... We are more than that . " In Milan , demonstrators had banners that said , "  Stop the merchandising of women , " and "  Berlusconi enough . You bring us shame . " Many of the speakers at the Milan rally criticized the way Berlusconi 's sex scandal made Italy look , his behavior towards women and his promoting ex-show girls to high government positions . Protesters said leaked evidence from the investigation show he has little respect for female dignity , the state-run ANSA news agency reported . Wiretaps published in the media suggest he surrounded himself at parties at his home with starlets and other women hoping to use their looks to gain positions in politics or at Berlusconi 's Mediaset TV empire , ANSA reported . The investigation began in December , after Berlusconi called police in May , urging them to release El Mahrough , nicknamed Ruby , from jail , where she was being held on theft charges . Prosecutors say the activity took place from February until May 2010 . Both El Mahrough , now 18 , and Berlusconi have denied they ever had sex . El Mahrough said she did not know Berlusconi well but that she did receive 7,000 euros  about $ 9,300  from him the first time they met , on Valentine 's Day 2010 , because a friend told Berlusconi she needed help . The young woman 's former roommate told investigators that El Mahrough confided to her that she did have a sexual relationship with the premier . Berlusconi 's party argued that he believed that Ruby was Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's niece and the phone call to the police station on her behalf was done to avoid a possible diplomatic crisis with Egypt . The lower house of Italy 's Parliament voted against allowing Milan prosecutors to search property belonging to Berlusconi as part of the investigation . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Prosecutors want the Italian prime minister to face immediate trial He 's accused of sex with an under-aged prostitute and abuse of power Berlusconi and the young woman deny they had sex Thousands of Italians in some 200 cities rally against the prime minister
CNN  -- It 's laughable to watch political prognosticators on the various TV shows weigh in on Rahm Emanuel 's chances of becoming the next mayor of Chicago , Illinois . If you trust any of them , you swear President Barack Obama 's outgoing chief of staff sees the position as a birthright that he is about to assume now that Richard M. Daley is stepping down . Folks , do n't buy the national media hype . As they say , all politics is local , and in this case , Emanuel has a long way to go before he can even think of moving into the fifth floor mayoral suite . Chicago has long been called a city of neighborhoods , and as a resident of the city for the last six years , I have witnessed the territorial views of its residents live and with full effect . River North . Bronzeville . South Loop . Hyde Park . Beverly . Bridgeport . You name it , Chicago is a city that is all about its neighborhood boundaries , and when you ask someone where they were born and raised , they are likely to give you the street address rather than just the South Side , North Side or West Side . And those boundaries are often defined by race . With that being said , the issue of race will be a major obstacle for Emanuel , and not because he 's white and Jewish . First , it 's assumed that because he was a Chicago congressman for six years , he 's well known in the city . Not true . Yes , he did represent a Northwest Chicago district , but there are political strongholds all across the city , and he 's going to have to navigate them . The Chicago Sun-Times commissioned a poll shortly after Daley announced he was n't seeking re-election , Emanuel placed fifth with 7 percent , within the margin of error . Those topping the poll : Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart  12 percent  ; state Sen. James Meeks  10 percent  ; Rep. Luis Gutierrez and Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. at 9 and 8 percent , respectively . Chicago has never had a Hispanic mayor , and African-Americans are still champing at the bit to revive the legacy of former Rep. Harold Washington , who stunned the nation with his election in 1983 when he bested a younger Richard M. Daley and Mayor Jane Byrne in the Democratic primary . No one thought he had a chance because race has loomed large in heavily Democratic Chicago , and that was on full display when Washington eked out a victory that November against Bernard Epton , a white Republican who no one gave a shot and who some say subtly stoked the fears of white residents about a black takeover . His death in 1987 still resonates in the city , and with Daley reigning supreme for two decades , running everything from the schools to public housing to the rail system and the city college system , that enormous constituency sees this moment as an opportunity to finish what Washington started . African-Americans dominate five of the city 's top 10 wards . And of the top 23 wards with registered voters , African-Americans control a majority in 12 . Do n't assume that Emanuel , being a Democrat , can easily win those . And if you 're one of those folks who think it 's wrong for me to focus on race , then you clearly do n't get Chicago politics . It is an open secret in Washington that the Congressional Black Caucus despises Emanuel . A longtime caucus member told me that normally when they meet with the president , the chief of staff attends the meetings . But in the time Obama has been in the White House , Emanuel did n't attend one meeting , and has always given a cold shoulder to black members of Congress . And if you ask black political operatives , pollsters and insiders , they all have a "  why-I-can ` t-stand-Emanuel " story . If he wants to win the mayor 's race , just having the public support of Obama is n't enough . He is going to have to deal with Reps. Danny Davis , Bobby Rush and Jesse Jackson Jr. . All three have massive ground troops , and if they are willing to rally around someone like the Rev. James Meeks , also a state senator  I attend his church , Salem Baptist Church of Chicago  , who can also pull white social conservatives to his side , Emanuel can forget about getting a significant share of the black vote . Then there is Chicago 's Hispanic community . The population is substantial , but to count , they need to be registered voters , and Hispanic voters do not dominate a large portion of the 50 wards . Yet winning their votes is vital to building a winning constituency . And with many blaming Emanuel for no progress on immigration reform over the last 18 months , and with Emanuel facing brutal scrutiny from Gutierrez , a major immigration reform proponent , he 's going to have to do a lot of politicking in order to win . Of course , there are the city 's white voters . You have the Lakefront liberals and the city 's blue-collar workers , who are strong union supporters . Emanuel has been at odds with unions in his time as chief of staff , notably over health care and the primary bid of Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln , and the national labor leaders will be quick to remind their supporters in Chicago just how good a friend Emanuel was or was n't . Emanuel will also have to stare down Dart , a white man who won office with a multiracial coalition and has gained high marks , especially for refusing to follow through on serving residents with eviction notices from their foreclosed homes . If he is in the race , along with Alderman Robert Fioretti , a savvy politician from the West Side of Chicago , they will be able to win a sizeable portion of the white vote , thereby leaving Emanuel on the outside looking in . Emanuel rightfully gets praise for his tough-as-nails approach to politics . But in a city that is used to Daley running the show with an iron fist for so many years , frankly , this might be the wrong time for someone with Emanuel 's style to seek the city 's top post . We can expect a bruising battle in February for the job , and as many as 15 candidates could be on the ballot . The top two vote getters will go to a runoff , and there is a strong chance that Emanuel may not be one of those two . His run is certainly a gamble , and suffice it to say this could be the riskiest political decision he has ever had to make . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Rahm Emanuel is leaving White House with ambition of becoming Chicago 's mayor Roland Martin says it wo n't be as easy as some people think He says Emanuel faces a challenging field and has some handicaps Martin : Emanuel will have to work to win confidence of Chicago 's black population
CNN  -- Real Madrid ended Barcelona 's unbeaten start to the La Liga season with an emphatic 3-1 victory at the Bernabeu in the first El Clasico of the season on Saturday . Luis Suarez started his first competitive game for the Catalan club after completing a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup but was powerless to stop a frequently rampant Real Madrid side . Suarez , who arrived from Liverpool for â ‚ ¬ 82.5 million  $ 105 million  in the summer , immediately showed what offensive bite he could offer his new employers when he provided an assist for Barcelona 's opening goal in the fourth minute . His looping cross from the right fell at the feet of Neymar who then sprinted unchallenged along the 18-yard line before drilling a low shot past Iker Casillas . Messi could and perhaps should have doubled the lead in the 23rd minute when Suarez again slung in a dangerous low ball from the right . But the Argentine , who needs one goal to equal Telmo Zarra 's all-time La Liga scoring record of 251 goals , contrived to shoot directly at Casillas who deflected the ball behind . It proved to be a costly miss as the home side grew in stature and after some near misses -- Benzema hit both the post and the bar with separate attempts -- Real got their reward when Gerard Pique used his arm to block Marcelo 's cross from the byline . The referee pointed to the penalty spot and Cristiano Ronaldo duly scored , sending Claudio Bravo the wrong way and ending the Barcelona keeper 's record run of 755 minutes without conceding a goal . The home side carried the momentum into the second half and took the lead five minutes after the break when Pepe headed home from a corner before Karim Benzema finished off a superb move in the 61st minute . It was a goal that exemplified Real 's hunger and counterattacking qualities as the ever industrious Isco stole the ball from under the noses of Andres Iniesta and Javier Mascherano on the left touchline . The 22-year-old then slipped the ball to Ronaldo who in turn squared to James Rodriguez who then offloaded a perfectly weighted ball into the path of Benzema who finished the move in style . There was still time for Barcelona to come back but it was the home side who perhaps should have extended their lead as the visitors pressed forward . Suarez was replaced by Pedro in the 69th minute but a pair of fresh legs in attack failed to kick-start a revival . Victory for Carlo Ancelotti 's side sees them move up to second place in the table , one point behind Barcelona who remain on 22 points . "  We did n't lose our head after losing the early goal , " Ancelotti said . "  I liked many things about the team , above all the high tempo we played with . The team recovered well with just two days rest after Wednesday and played very well , " he added referring to the Champions League trip to Liverpool in midweek . For Suarez , the return to action left a "  bittersweet " taste in the mouth . "  I am very happy to return to playing , it is a great relief to have this time behind me , " the Uruguayan said . "  The feeling is bittersweet because of the result but this team has lifted itself many times before . " Read more : Was it wrong to ban Suarez ?	Real Madrid beat rivals Barcelona 3-1 in first El Clasico of the season Neymar gives Barcelona an early lead before Los Blancos hit back Ronaldo , Pepe and Benzema score in comfortable win over La Liga leaders Luis Suarez starts for Barcelona , sets up Neymar 's goal , subbed in 69th minute
CNN  -- Decades-old Russian engines are believed to have caused the Antares rocket 's failure to launch properly , Orbital Sciences Corp. 's CEO David Thompson said Wednesday . "  Current evidence strongly suggest that one of the two AJ26 main engines that powered Antares ' first stage failed about 15 seconds after ignition , " Thompson said in a conference call with investors . Last week , a company spokesman said the unmanned rocket , which exploded in a fireball at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia , was deliberately destroyed after it became apparent there was a problem . The turbo pump in one of the engines likely failed , Thompson said Wednesday . Orbital will likely stop using these engines , he said , since they have proven to be unreliable . The Antares rocket and Cygnus cargo spacecraft had been set to carry roughly 5,000 pounds of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station . Despite what Thompson described as a "  setback , " the company plans to stay on track with its $ 1.9 billion NASA contract delivering cargo to the space station , he said . Orbital hopes to launch its Cygnus spacecraft using third-party rockets , he said . There are three companies in the running : two from the United States and one from Europe . Thompson would not reveal which companies , but said a decision is expected within a month . SpaceX and United Space Alliance , the two likely U.S. companies -- operate regular launches at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . Orbital Sciences , SpaceX and the Russians ' Soyuz all regularly fly cargo and supplies to the six astronauts and cosmonauts stationed on the space station . While using another company 's launch vehicle , Orbital will concentrate on replacing the 1970s-era Russian engines by 2016 . Thompson thanked NASA for its support . "  We look forward to working closely with them to quickly recover from last week 's setback , " he said .	Evidence indicates an engine failed 15 seconds after ignition , Orbital 's CEO says The turbo pump in one of the engines likely failed , he says Orbital Sciences still plans to stay on track with its $ 1.9 billion NASA contract , he says
Washington  CNN  -- There is an old joke in the Middle East that goes like this : One of Hosni Mubarak 's advisers finally gets the courage to say , "  Mr. President , maybe it 's time to think about your farewell address to the Egyptian people . " Mubarak looks at the adviser and asks , "  Why ? Where are they going ? " In reality , Mubarak got the message loud and clear . Now , this leader , who for decades has been not just the symbol of Egypt but a dominant voice in the Middle East , will be leaving , and nobody is sure what will emerge in his wake . The effects will be felt not just in the Middle East but back in the United States . Today , the U.S. has less leverage in the region than ever before . At talks last month in Istanbul , Turkey , Iran showed the U.S. and its allies that it will remain defiant on its nuclear program in the face of tough sanctions . Lebanon is in the throes of a dangerous game of brinksmanship that threatens to send the country back into civil war after Hezbollah , supported by Syria and Iran , brought down the U.S.-backed government of Prime Minister Saad Hariri and installed billionaire businessman Najib Mikati as its choice for the job . In Yemen , a strongman president has been ejected , but he was also key to U.S. anti-terror efforts in the country that harbors an active and threatening subset of al Qaeda . Reform in the Middle East was an important item at the outset for the Obama administration . President Obama received international goodwill upon taking office , for simply not being President George W. Bush . He flew to Cairo early in his tenure and gave a much-watched speech to offer a "  new era " in U.S. relations with the Arab and Muslim world . That was the high point . Although it came into office hoping to seduce the region rather than fight it , the Obama administration has not delivered on the tantalizing promises it made since taking over , not only to show progress on solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict but to encourage democratic reform . Change in the region comes not from his encouragement but from the disaffected taking matters into their own hands . These dashed expectations Obama has created in the region are not just disappointing ; they have hurt U.S. credibility in the region and have had diplomats and Middle East experts scratching their heads about just what Obama 's vision for the region is . This troubled region has always looked to the U.S. to help in times of crisis . Now , countries like Turkey and Qatar , whose interests do n't always align with Washington 's , are taking the lead . While its influence on big-ticket issues in the region is declining , the U.S. has redoubled efforts to tackle their root causes , such as poverty , hunger and disenfranchisement of women . These are the same ills that prompted Tunisians to take to the streets , with people in the neighborhood nipping at their heels . Sensing the winds of change in the region , the Obama administration has been engaged in a robust debate over the past few months about whether to elevate the issue of reform . The answer was delivered in a speech last month in Qatar by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in which she warned Arab leaders that unless they reform and address economic and social frustrations , their regimes would "  sink into the sand . " The fall of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in Tunisia and the events in Egypt caught U.S. officials off-guard and brought that debate to critical mass . For the first time in history , the U.S. has broken with authoritarian Arab allies . The events in Egypt have leaders of other pro-U.S. countries in the region rightly concerned about what will happen if demonstrations take place in their countries and whether they can count on America 's loyalty . The Obama administration is trying to send the message to these countries -- but not necessarily their leaders -- that they can count on American loyalty . For years , a game ensued in which the U.S. called for reform and Arab leaders resorted to cosmetic and ad hoc changes to placate Washington , which accepted the meager gestures in the hopes they would lead to further changes . That game is over . Obama 's decision to break with Mubarak , a critical U.S. ally in the Mideast , serves as a warning to Arab allies that they too are expendable and their reactions to U.S. calls for reform in the future must be met more seriously . Although the U.S. has finally found its footing on the reform issue , its aspirations of restarting Mideast peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians may be stalled indefinitely . Mubarak was an anchor of U.S. policy of stability in the region . The twin pillars of that policy -- support for pro-American regimes that share U.S. security interests and the pursuit of Israeli-Arab peace -- are now on shaky ground . Israel will probably conclude that if such entrenched Arab regimes can fall , making peace with a deeply divided Palestinian movement is anything but a sure bet . Israel is keeping a wary eye on developments in Egypt with fears that an Islamic takeover there would end three decades of cooperation between the two countries . The U.S.-brokered Camp David accords , signed by Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in 1978 , ended a generation of hostilities between the two nations and forged a relationship that has endured , in part , because of the stability of the Mubarak regime -- which came to power after Sadat was assassinated in 1981 -- and in spite of deep animus among rank-and-file Egyptians toward Israel . Eli Shaked , Israel 's ambassador to Egypt from 2003 to 2005 , predicted that if the Mubarak regime falls , a new Islamist regime , hostile to Israel and Western nations , will replace it . "  There will be no democracy in Egypt , " Shaked said . "  If there will be democratic elections in Egypt in the summer or in the very near future ,  they  will be the first and last democratic elections in Egypt . " While he recognizes that the causes of the upheaval in Egypt lie in economic and social strife , Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu said he is concerned that "  there is a possibility that an organized force will take advantage of the situation . " A new Egyptian regime probably will affect relations with Hamas , which controls the Palestinian territory sandwiched between Israel and Egypt , and may play up the harsh criticism among many sectors in Egyptian society toward Israeli policy . But some terrorism experts believe that extremist voices are being drowned out by the chants of the protesters in Cairo . CNN analyst Paul Cruickshank wrote that al Qaeda 's support base , "  already severely shaken by its barbaric excesses in Iraq and biting criticism from fellow jihadists , could narrow yet further . " "  The televised scenes of secular , middle-class youngsters and Egyptians from all walks of life courageously and largely peacefully challenging the regime of President Hosni Mubarak have been transmitted onto tens of millions of television screens across the Arab world and have captured the imagination , providing vastly more attractive role models for young Arabs , whose hopes for too long have been strangled by political , economic and cultural sclerosis , " he wrote . U.S. officials feel that the Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's main Islamic political organization , has been very sophisticated in its handling of the people 's revolt . The group deliberately stayed out of the fray in the early days of the protests , allowing other Egyptians to lead the charge for fear Mubarak would cite fears of extremist activity in cracking down on the demonstrators . Carrie Rosefsky Wickham , an associate professor of political science at Emory University and author of "  Mobilizing Islam : Religion , Activism and Political Change in Egypt , " notes that the Brotherhood is an umbrella organization that encompasses different views and trends . Though technically illegal , the group does have a presence among the masses , but it is no longer the defiant anti-system movement it was in the past . The key question is whether the Brotherhood will continue to exercise self-restraint when the Mubarak regime falls . Rosefsky believes it will , arguing that the Brotherhood is less interested in seizing power and calling the shots than it is in spreading its message and influencing policy . Other experts believe the Brotherhood will grab power if given the chance . It is unclear to what extent established institutions of Egypt and other countries will be willing and able to change and open enough political space for viable oppositions to flourish . The future of U.S. policy and interests in the region will largely depend on who ends up in power , not just in Egypt but in the host of other countries on the verge of transformation . In a doomsday scenario , extremist Islamic factions in Egypt , Tunisia and even Jordan could come to power , killing critical diplomatic and military relationships , forcing the closing of the Suez Canal and allowing Iran fill the vacuum . That could even trigger a most dangerous war between Israel and Iran . Nobody expects that worst-case nightmare to come through , however . Regardless of the outcome , the Obama administration has concluded that it must try to be on the right side of history , which is seems to be the catchphrase of the week for Middle East analysts . Supporting the status quo could embolden leaders to hold on , possibly becoming even more oppressive . That could give way to a permanent resistance that creates even more pressure for chance , further radicalizes the Arab street and creates even more anger at the United States . This tectonic shifts taking place in the region have altered the American role in the Middle East indefinitely , if not forever . For the first time in decades , the U.S. is in uncharted waters in the proverbial boat without a paddle . There is certain fatalism to it all , with the U.S. gradually accepting the hard reality that it can only be driven by events rather than helping to drive them . The hope is that the whoever the new leaders of the Middle East are , they will look to Washington as a partner . When asked how the U.S. will pick up the pieces in the region , one senior official simply said , "  We will call whoever is in charge . "	Nobody is sure who will fill Hosni Mubarak 's place when he steps down as Egypt 's president The effects will be felt in the Middle East and in the United States Follow them on Twitter @eliselabottcnn and @joshlevscnn
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Director Antoine Fuqua , the force behind films such as "  Training Day " and "  Shooter , " turned his focus to creating CNN 's exclusive short film "  From MLK to Today , " which airs at 7 p.m. ET Monday . Filmmaker Antoine Fuqua , 43 , says he did n't believe he would see an African-American president in his lifetime . Before flying off to the Sundance Film Festival to premiere his latest action-thriller , "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " starring Richard Gere , Ethan Hawke and Don Cheadle , Fuqua , 43 , stopped by the CNN newsroom in Hollywood to discuss the making of this film . He outlined his vision for the piece , which chronicles America 's civil rights journey from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to Barack Obama . CNN : As a filmmaker , you work with people like Don Cheadle , Ethan Hawke and Denzel Washington . Why are you sitting here in our edit bay doing this project ? Antoine Fuqua : Because it 's Martin Luther King , and because it 's Barack Obama 's story . And because it 's CNN . It 's important to be a part of history , and a part of inspiring people today . I think this is one of the biggest times in my life -- besides my children . So why would n't I be here ? What else would I be doing except flying to Sundance to promote my movie ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Watch a clip from "  From MLK to Today " " CNN : You were born in the '60s , so you were very young during the civil rights movement . You were barely out of diapers when Martin Luther King was assassinated . Fuqua : I am familiar with the history because I love history . African-Americans -- I feel we can not ever forget our past . Not in an angry or negative way -- just to know where we come from , so we get a better sense of where we 're going , and how to get there , and what not to do . I do n't think you can ever forget Martin Luther King and many other people who sacrificed , whose names we do n't even know . CNN : What do you remember from your childhood ? Fuqua : I remember being afraid at times . I remember the Black Panthers . When I was a little boy , the men that were around me were part of a movement . There was a lot of tension . There were a lot of weapons around . There was talk of FBI . I was a little kid , you know -- 6 , 5 years old . I did n't really know what it meant . But there was a lot of fear -- a lot of fear of police , or of leaving your neighborhood . CNN : Did you experience much racism growing up in Pittsburgh ? Fuqua : I remember a lot of racism . I mean , we used to get beat up by the police . We used to go to certain areas , and cops would slap you around , and grab you by your collar and treat you a certain way . I remember getting on a bus and drivers would treat us disrespectfully , assuming we were going to misbehave . And we were just going to school . I got into fights at school . ... No real reason , except for color of the skin . I do n't think they even understood really . CNN : Did you understand ? Fuqua : Not really . I did n't really understand it . I was used to it . I had an understanding of it at that age , which was I was black and they were white , and I was poor and they had money . CNN : Did you think there were certain things you could n't accomplish because you were black ? What about being a director ? Fuqua : When I was a little kid , I used to sleep in my grandmother 's basement , and I would read magazines , and books and things -- and I would dream of places I would go . I remember thinking , "  Well , if it 's just a matter of money to leave my neighborhood , then I have to make money . " Then I read something about craftsmanship -- which is not a word you used often in that time in the ghettos . If you learn a craft , then you can make a living for the rest of your life . So I went to school to be an electrical engineer . And when I was in school , I took a Baroque art class . They were talking about Caravaggio , who was a Baroque painter . Now he was from the streets in Italy , and he used to paint these very provocative paintings of people he lived with on the streets -- beggars , and prostitutes and things . It reminded me of my world -- in the sense of being a young kid on the streets , growing up , seeing a lot of provocative images that I was probably too young to see -- and I would express them , and I would do little illustrations or I would paint on a wall . Then I started to study -LSB- Akira -RSB- Kurosawa , who was a painter as well as a director . I saw his movies -- "  The Seven Samurai " and all that -- and I thought , "  Wow , that 's even more interesting , because it 's a moving picture and you get to tell a story . " CNN : And now you 're telling the story of Martin Luther King and Barack Obama . Did you ever think you 'd see an African-American president of the United States ? Fuqua : Never . Never . Not in my time . I thought somewhere down the line it would happen , but not in my time -- because I still deal with racial situations . Sometimes people do n't do it blatantly . They 'll say something , or they 'll behave a certain way when I know they do n't normally behave that way . As a director , you run into walls where they say , "  Well , it does n't translate well overseas . You know , you need to have a white movie star in it . " There 's some truth to that . So if Hollywood 's not ready to embrace more stories about African-Americans -- and that 's based on the money that the movies make -- then would the country really be ready to embrace a president ? You know , the CEO of the country ? And obviously , we are . We are ready . CNN : As a director , you have this story about an unbelievable presidential election , where a first-term senator wins . Would you have cast Barack Obama in that role ? Fuqua : In a heartbeat , in a heartbeat . He 's like a movie star . Look at the guy . He 's dashing , he 's charming , he 's got a little swagger about him . He reminds me of Denzel in their way . -LSB- Fuqua directed Washington in the 2001 action-thriller "  Training Day . " -RSB- I was with Denzel over Christmas , and they 're very similar -- their mannerisms at times . CNN : In the short film you 're directing for us , you 've drawn the parallel between Obama and Martin Luther King . Fuqua : It is the passing of the torch between Martin Luther King and Barack Obama . I think Barack Obama is the "  dream . " I mean , we 're all the dream . I think it 's a bigger picture than one man . CNN : What 's the message you want to convey with your short film ? Fuqua : Hope . A sense of the past . But more than anything , I would love people to walk away feeling like we 've just begun .	Director Antoine Fuqua is filmmaker behind CNN 's "  From MLK to Today " Fuqua discusses life , experiences with racism and the hope Barack Obama brings Fuqua , director of "  Training Day , " compares Obama with Denzel Washington Fuqua 's latest feature-length project , "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " screened at Sundance fest
Friends and relatives Wednesday paid their respects to Tyler Doohan , the 8-year-old upstate New York boy who helped rescue six relatives from a fire but then perished while trying to save his grandfather . In a Mass at St. John of Rochester Catholic Church , Tyler was honored with a firefighter 's funeral . The funerals of two other relatives who also died in the fire were held at the same time . The church was filled with mourners , including basketball players from Wisconsin Silver Lake College , who were so moved by his story that they traveled to New York to be pallbearers . In addition , firefighters from multiple jurisdictions stood at attention in Class A dress uniforms as bagpipers played traditional music , as is customary when a firefighter is laid to rest . Penfield Fire Chief Chris Ebmeyer declared Tyler an honorary firefighter and presented his family with a special fire helmet inscribed with the boy 's name . "  This is a helmet we give to the family to symbolize that Tyler is indeed a part of the brotherhood of firefighters , as an honorary firefighter in Penfield , " Ebmeyer said . Tyler 's mother , Crystal Vrooman , spoke of her son . "  You 're a hero , baby , " she said through tears . "  You did it huge . I know you 're watching this go on , and you should be so proud of yourself . " Tyler 's fourth-grade teacher , Denise Alfieri , also spoke at the service , "  Monday January 20th was the day that changed our lives forever , " she said , reflecting on the loss felt in her classroom the day the boy perished . "  There is an emptiness and a void that now fills Room 240 . " Tyler , an East Rochester resident , was staying at the home of relatives in Penfield on January 19 when he noticed a fire in the singlewide trailer , officials said . As firefighters and sheriff 's deputies responded to a 4:45 a.m. emergency call , Tyler was able to wake six other people in the small trailer , including two more children , ages 4 and 6 , the fire officials said . Then Tyler went back into the blaze to help his grandfather , who was disabled and would have been unable to get out of the home on his own . "  By that time , the fire had traveled to the back of the trailer , " Ebmeyer said at the time . "  Unfortunately , they both succumbed to heat and smoke . " The pair were found together on a bed in the back room . It appeared that the boy was trying to lift his grandfather from the bed when he was overcome by the smoke and fire , fire officials said .	Tyler Doohan , 8 , saved six relatives from a fire in New York state The boy lost his own life trying to save his grandfather He was laid to rest Wednesday as an honorary firefighter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Friday proposed a temporary , broad-based tax relief package aimed at spurring the nation 's slowing economy . "  We can provide a shot in the arm " to the economy , President Bush said Friday at the White House . During remarks at the White House , Bush , flanked by economic advisers , said the nation 's economy is at risk for a downturn and Congress must act to head off trouble . "  This growth package must be big enough to make a difference in an economy as large and dynamic as ours , " Bush said . "  By passing a growth package quickly , we can provide a shot in the arm to keep a fundamentally strong economy healthy , and it will help keep economic sectors that are going through adjustments , such as the housing market , from adversely affecting other parts of our economy . " Watch more of Bush 's tax outline " It should equal about 1 percent of the nation 's gross domestic product , or roughly $ 140 billion , he added . Bush said the economy will continue to grow but at a slower rate . The president offered no specific details of the proposed package , but he did insist that it include tax incentives for business , "  including small businesses , to make major investments in their enterprises this year . " Bush also said the economic package must include "  rapid income tax relief " for consumers to "  lift our economy at a time when people otherwise might spend less . " Although Democratic leaders in Congress expressed general support for Bush 's remarks , other Democrats on Capitol Hill met the president 's proposal with suspicion . Two Democratic leadership aides made it clear Friday that the growth package would not win support from Democratic leaders unless it includes relief for low and middle income earners . "  We want to include people who pay taxes , not necessarily income taxes -- a lot of lower income people pay payroll taxes , " said one aide . Another source stated flatly , "  We 're not going to pass a bill in the House that does n't include low-income people . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said he was disappointed that Bush did not include stimulus-spending measures aimed at helping the disadvantaged such as extending unemployment benefits . Schumer said such spending initiatives would jump-start the economy faster than tax cuts alone . "  I think if we avoid any of the ideological fights , we could actually pass something so that it would take effect on March 1 , " Schumer said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , expressed agreement with Bush on "  the need to provide assistance immediately , " saying in a statement that "  we must invest our resources in such a way that injects confidence and consumer demand , promotes economic growth and creates jobs . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said , "  I also agree that our focus must be on finding temporary measures that will do the job effectively . " Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , agreed that "  we must act swiftly to boost the economy " but stressed the need to help families who "  are struggling every day to pay their bills , heat their homes and pay their mortgages . " Bush 's remarks came a day after talks on the subject with Democratic and Republican lawmakers , and following Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's call for a fiscal stimulus package to help an economy beset by plummeting stock prices and a credit and mortgage crunch . Bush said Friday he was encouraged by his discussions with lawmakers . "  I believe there is enough broad consensus that we can come up with a package that can be approved with bipartisan support . " Existing income tax cuts supported by the Bush administration are due to expire in 2010 , and the president called on Congress to make them permanent . "  Unless Congress acts , the American people will face massive tax increases in less than three years , " Bush said . "  This tax increase would put jobs and economic growth at risk . " Watch experts explain how to goose the economy " The proposed stimulus package comes as a leading gauge of future economic activity was released Friday by the Conference Board . The December report showed a decline for a third straight month for the U.S. leading index -- down two-tenths of a percent . The report cited housing permits for the largest negative contribution to the index . See chart showing Americans ' recession fears " On Thursday , the Dow Jones industrial average of stock prices dropped more than 300 points after reports of slowing growth and massive debt write-offs by Merrill Lynch . The brokerage giant reported a nearly $ 10 billion loss for the fourth quarter of 2007 and wrote off more than $ 11 billion in bad mortgage debts . Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers stressed the importance of whom any relief package would target . "  It needs to go to people who are going to spend it , " Summers said Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  That means particularly those who rely on tax refunds -- those receiving benefits , those whose incomes have been hurt by the downturn . " Bernanke told the House Budget Committee on Thursday that he does not believe the economy will enter a recession , but he said he expects growth to proceed at a slow pace this year and possibly into early 2009 . He said Congress needs to take decisive action to boost the economy . "  To be useful , a fiscal stimulus package should be implemented quickly and structured so that its effects on aggregate spending are felt as much as possible within the next 12 months or so , " Bernanke said . But he said any package should be "  explicitly temporary " to avoid running up the government 's long-term debt . Bernanke stopped short of suggesting that the Bush tax cuts should be made permanent , telling lawmakers he supports "  the law of arithmetic . " "  What comes in at least has to equal what goes out at some point , " he said . In 2001 , Americans received checks from the government designed to stimulate the economy . Individuals received $ 300 and families $ 600 . Twenty to 40 percent of the checks were spent within days . Consumers saved one-third of the money , and two-thirds went back into the economy within two quarters , officials said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Democratic leadership aides say bill must help low - , middle-income earners President calls for broad-based tax relief for consumers , businesses Bush says he 's encouraged by talks with Congress , hopeful of agreement Bush says his tax cuts due to expire in 2010 should be made permanent
CNN  -- Temple Grandin sees her autism as a gift , not a disability . The professor at Colorado State University , who has become a prominent animal rights activist , spoke at the recent TED Conference in California about how people 's brains work in different ways -- and how that 's something that should be appreciated , not stigmatized . Grandin , for instance , thinks in pictures , "  like Google for images , " she said . She also grabs hold of details , a brain function she feels could help politicians . "  I get satisfaction out of seeing stuff that makes real change in the real world , " she said . "  We need a lot more of that and a lot less abstract stuff . " Video : Watch Grandin 's talk at the TED Conference One of her biggest real-world accomplishments , she said , was when a mother recently told her that her autistic child had gone to college because of Grandin 's inspiration . Grandin 's life also is the subject of a new HBO film , in which she 's played by actress Claire Danes .	Temple Grandin is a professor at Colorado State University who is autistic She sees autism as a gift , not a disability Grandin : My mind works "  like Google for images " Grandin is the subject of an HBO film starring Claire Danes
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has urged his Real Madrid teammates to carry their recent impressive form into the New Year after they cut Barcelona 's lead at the top of Spain 's La Liga to two points . The Portugal international scored a spectacular goal as Real kept the pressure up on defending champions Barca with an emphatic 6-0 victory over Real Zaragoza . But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the winter break . "  It was important to seal the year with a victory , so we are happy about that . We must all now think of the New Year , which we should start as well as we 've ended this one , " Ronaldo told the club 's Web site . "  I 'm working well and I want to carry on this way until the end of the season . I 'm doing better every day . I missed two months and coming back was difficult , but things are working out for me . " Real coach Manuel Pellegrini also paid tribute to Barcelona for an amazing 12 months in which they added the Club World Cup trophy to victory in La Liga , the Copa del Rey , Champions League and European and Spanish Super Cup titles . "  What Barcelona have achieved is a great feat and hard to emulate . But there is also great merit in just being two points behind them on the table , " he said . "  We 've played well away from home against the teams that earned the most points last year . Barcelona 's excellent performances add to our own merit . " Meanwhile , Hugo Sanchez become the fourth La Liga manager to lose his job his season after he was sacked by Almeria following their 2-0 away defeat to Espanyol which left them a point above the relegation zone . Almeria had lost eight of their 15 games in La Liga this season and the Mexican has been replaced by Constantin Galca , the coach of Almeria 's B team , on a temporary basis .	Cristiano Ronaldo has urged his Real Madrid teammates to carry their recent impressive form into the New Year Real Madrid cut the lead of defending champions Barcelona to two points after a 6-0 thrashing of Real Zaragoza . Coach Manuel Pellegrini also paid tribute to Barcelona 's amazing 12 months following their victory in the Club World Cup
CNN  -- Those who know Curtis Reeves are stunned by news the former police captain is accused of fatally shooting a man after an argument over texting in a Wesley Chapel , Florida , movie theater . The Reeves they know is a friendly fellow , they told CNN affiliates . "  I thought it just ca n't be . He 's just not that kind of person , " said Elnora Brown , who told CNN affiliate WFTS she has been a Reeves family friend for 45 years . Brown described Reeves as a good Christian and loving grandfather . "  I ca n't imagine what happened that he would do that , " she told the station . Bill Costas told CNN affiliate WFLA that the man described in news reports sounds like "  a completely different guy " from the neighbor he has known for years . Reeves was a "  very nice guy , always smiling . I 've never seen him angry , " Costas said . "  Very helpful . If I needed help with something , he was there to help . " The 71-year-old was arrested and charged with second-degree murder in the Monday shooting of Chad Oulson , 43 , who was at the theater to watch "  Lone Survivor " with his wife . Oulson 's wife , Nicole , was shot in the hand as she tried to defend her husband , according to reports . The 6-foot-1 , 270-pound Reeves also was with his wife for the Monday matinee , and after arguing with Oulson about him texting his daughter , left the theater apparently to complain to management , police said . A witness said Reeves returned "  irritated , " the argument continued and popcorn was thrown . Reeves then shot Oulson , sat down and put the gun in his lap , the witness said . "  The defendant advised that the victim turned and stood up , striking him in the face with an unknown object , " a police report said . "  The defendant advised that he removed the .380 - semi-auto handgun from his pants pocket , firing one round , striking the victim , and that he was in fear of being attacked . " Reeves appeared Tuesday before Circuit Judge Lynn Tepper in Pasco County via video conference , standing at a podium wearing an olive-colored padded vest and handcuffs . Appearing dejected , he spoke only when questioned and made no statement about his actions . A sensational crime that strikes many chords Defense attorney Richard Escobar told the court that Reeves has close ties to the community , posed no danger to residents and was no threat to flee . A standing-room-only crowd in the courtroom included many friends , family members and colleagues who stood ready to tell the court that Reeves had no propensity for violence and was a man of "  great character , " Escobar said . Tepper was unswayed . She ruled that Reeves be held without bond and remanded him to custody . Later , outside the courtroom , Escobar told reporters his client was "  heartbroken " that a life was lost in the Monday theater incident . Reeves served in the Navy and the Navy Reserves and joined the Tampa Police Department in 1966 , where he was a commander for 16 to 17 years and also held posts as a homicide detective , property crimes detective and instructor , Escobar told the judge . Reeves retired in 1993 as a captain with the Tampa Police Department , according to documents from his tenure as a Tampa police officer . Tampa police told CNN that Reeves was instrumental in establishing the department 's first tactical response team . Throughout his career as a Tampa police officer , he consistently got solid evaluations praising his work ethic and leadership . His file contained many letters praising his interaction with the community , driving record and problem-solving skills , according to more than 350 pages of documents provided by the Tampa Police Department . "  Capt. Reeves is highly adept at recognizing potential problems and utilizing available information to achieve positive results . He is frequently called upon to develop and implement department-wide programs concerning firearms and civil disorder , " a 1992 evaluation states . He also worked on several high-profile security details , including those of presidential candidate Ross Perot , Vice President Dan Quayle , President Ronald Reagan , Vice President George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton , who was president-elect at the time . Among the rare negative remarks about his performance were two from earlier in his career . In 1971 , his supervisors demanded a "  marked improvement " after he demonstrated a "  get-by attitude " and told bosses of his shortcomings , "  I just goofed . " Years later , a 1979 evaluation cited problems with his temperament . "  His demeanor is generally very professional . He has , however , occasionally allowed his temper to detrimentally affect his manner of dealing with his supervisors , " the evaluation states . After his retirement , Reeves served as director of security for Busch Gardens Tampa until 2005 , said spokesman Travis Claytor , who would not comment on why Reeves ' employment came to an end . A hunter who has held licenses in Georgia and Ohio , Reeves moved in 2005 to Brooksville , Florida -- in Hernando County , adjacent to the county where the theater is located -- and WFLA reports he served as president of the county Crime Stoppers program from 2006 to 2007 . Reeves is a Jacksonville native who moved to Tampa as a child , Escobar told the court . He suffers from numerous ailments , including arthritis , bursitis , hypertension , high cholesterol and low oxygen levels in his blood . He has been married to his wife , Vivian , since 1967 and has two children , Jennifer and Matthew , both in their 30s , and one grandchild , Escobar said . According to CNN affillate WTSP , Reeves ' son , Matthew , is a Tampa patrol officer with more than a decade of service . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Rachel Clarke and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Police files state shooter had mostly high marks during his time as officer Curtis Reeves , 71 , charged with second-degree murder in theater shooting An ex-captain with Tampa police , Reeves helped set up tactical response team He was "  always smiling . I 've never seen him angry , " neighbor says of Reeves
Horrific events brought them together . He was the first person to undergo a full face transplant in the United States after an electrical accident left him without a nose , eyes or lips . She suffered burns on more than 70 % of her body after a car crash . After meeting in a hospital support group for burn victims , Dallas Wiens and Jamie Nash got married on Saturday , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . "  I am Dallas ' eyes while he has my heart , " Nash said in a recent online post about their relationship . Wiens , 27 , was injured in 2008 when he was volunteering at his church and his head got too close to a high-voltage power line . He lost almost his entire face from the burns . In 2011 , doctors at Boston 's Brigham and Women 's Hospital gave him a new one . In a 15-hour procedure , doctors used donated tissue to give Wiens a donor forehead , nasal structure , nose , lips and facial skin . They also transplanted underlying muscles and nerves that will allow Wiens to have sensation and movement in his face . The historic surgery marked a dramatic recovery for a man that had been kept in a medically induced coma for 90 days . Some people had n't expected him to make it out of intensive care . Nash endured a similar struggle . She was texting while driving when her car crashed in 2010 . Flames burned her arms to the bone and severed her Achilles tendon . Doctors kept her in an induced coma for 10 weeks . She underwent more than two dozen surgeries . Now , Nash has created a nonprofit , the Jamie Nash TXT L8R Foundation , to tell her story and warn people against texting while driving . On the foundation 's website , she described her growing romance with Wiens . "  I would truly feel lost without him by my side , " she wrote last year . "  Our love is deep and strong , and together we will achieve greatness . " According to WFAA , they plan to share their wedding footage in a reality show about people who survive tragedies and go on to help others .	Dallas Wiens and Jamie Nash , both severe burn victims , marry Wiens was the first person to undergo a full face transplant in the United States Nash suffered burns on more than 70 % of her body after a car crash "  I am Dallas ' eyes while he has my heart , " she says
Two World War II-era cemeteries that were vandalized over the weekend by armed men in Benghazi will be restored , the Commonwealth War Graves Commission said in a posting on its website . Hundreds of gravestones marking the bodies of Christian and Jewish soldiers were kicked from their locations , many of them broken , in the Benghazi War Cemetery and the Benghazi British Military Cemetery , the CWGC said . "  Both cemeteries will be restored to a standard befitting the sacrifice of those commemorated at Benghazi , but this could take some time because we will need to source replacement stones , " the organization said . "  We will also need to be sure that it 's safe for the detailed work to be carried out , but in the meantime we will ensure that temporary markers are erected over the graves . We have no reports of any maintenance staff being injured in the attack . " Britain urged Libya 's new leadership Sunday to investigate the desecration of the more than 200 Commonwealth war graves that were vandalized , acts filmed and posted on YouTube . Libya 's National Transitional Council said Sunday it regrets what happened , calling it "  unethical , irresponsible and criminal , " and promised to prosecute those responsible . "  We strongly reject these acts that are rejected by the Islamic faith , " the NTC said in a statement . "  Such practices do not represent at all the local public opinion and they contradict the Islamic principles that emphasize and urge the respect of religions and beliefs . " In the YouTube video , a group of men is seen walking around the graves , kicking down headstones and using sledgehammers to chip away at a cross at the front of the cemetery . A voice off camera says , "  Destroy the cross , these filthy dogs . " Other voices mock inscriptions on the gravestones , including one engraved with the Star of David . The description of the video says it is a response to the recent burnings of Qurans by U.S. troops in Afghanistan , but CNN can not independently confirm that . Benghazi was the birthplace of last year 's Libyan revolution . The 1,500 graves in the cemeteries hold the bodies of servicemen who died during and after World War II . There was no evidence of damage to the graves themselves , only the headstones , the British Foreign Office said .	"  This could take some time , " war graves commission says The new Libyan government condemns the desecration of some 200 graves Vandalism of Christian and Jewish graves was recorded and posted on YouTube On Sunday , Britain urged Libya 's leadership to investigate
CNN  -- Unlike their Western counterparts , Africans take elections very seriously -- rising up early to queue patiently in line for hours under the hot sun and cast their ballots . Any misguided attempt to nullify or steal their votes will evoke a strong reaction from them . In fact , it explains why the destruction of an African country often begins with a dispute over the electoral process or transfer of power . In recent years , allegations of electoral fraud have stirred political violence and civil war , causing death and destruction in Ethiopia  2005  , Kenya  2007  , Zimbabwe  2008  , DR Congo  2011  , among others . The adamant refusal of their respective leaders to relinquish or share power damaged or destroyed these African countries : Liberia  1990  , Somalia  1991  , Rwanda  1994  , Zaire , now Congo DR ,  1993  , Sierra Leone  1998  , Ivory Coast  2000 , 2011  , Egypt  2011  , Libya  2011  . This largely motivated Mo Ibrahim , the telecoms billionaire mogul , to offer a $ 5 million prize to any African leader who shows "  excellent leadership " and who steps down peacefully when his term expires or loses an election . This year -- and for the third time since the inception of the prize in 2006 -- he found no eligible recipient . Read related : Can Ghana 's economy prosper against the odds ? Though none of its leaders has won the prize , Ghana has successfully held elections and transferred power on five occasions since 1992 without imploding -- unlike its Western neighbor , Ivory Coast . What are the secrets to Ghana 's democratic success or maturity that other African countries can learn from ? Four factors account for this . The first is the existence of a free media ; in particular , print and broadcast media . In Africa , radio is the life and death of information transmission and the proliferation of FM radio stations in Ghana provided an invaluable tool to expose problems , hold government accountable and ensure transparent elections . In the 2000 elections , for example , FM Radio stations sent their reporters to every polling station . Anything suspicious or unseemly was immediately reported on the air , leading electoral officers and observers to rush to the scene and fix the problem on the spot . Watch : Media 's role in Ghanaian politics They did not have to wait months for a voluminous report to expose the problem , by which time it would have been too late . Thus , the FM Radio stations ensured a level of transparency seldom seen in African elections . So impressed was New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , that he wrote : "  Let 's stop sending Africa lectures on democracy . Let 's instead make all aid , all IMF-World Bank loans , all debt relief conditional on African governments permitting free FM radio stations . Africans will do the rest , " he wrote . Sadly , Africans have not been able to do the rest because , currently , only 10 of the 54 African countries have a free media . In Ethiopia , for example , there is only one government-controlled television network for 83 million people . The second factor has been the existence of vibrant and vigilant civil society groups and NGOs -- all made possible by freedom of association , of expression and movement , as well as improvements in communication technology such as cell phones and text messaging . There are hordes of NGOs -- promoting a diverse range of issues such as good governance combating corruption , among others . Some have been formed specifically to oversee the December 7 elections . One with impressive credentials is the Institute of Economic Affairs  IEA  , which organized the presidential debates . The IEA also facilitated the crafting of a "  Political Parties Code of Conduct " and the setting up of a National Enforcement Body to enforce the code . Eight parties have signed on . The code ensures that the political parties behave responsibly and can be held liable for any unlawful or unethical acts they commit . Nearly all civil society groups , including religious leaders have been preaching peaceful elections . Even former president Jerry Rawlings , the architect of "  macho-men " violence in the past , is now campaigning -- not for any political party candidate -- but for peace . Read related : Ghana farmers lose out in gold mining boom To this group may be added Ghanaians in the diaspora , who have a passionate interest in the affairs of their home country . Last year , they reportedly sent more than $ 14.5 billion in remittances . They can shape and influence political opinion , as well as support various political candidates . With access to the foreign media , governments and institutions , they can raise a stink over electoral shenanigans in Ghana . In most other African countries , the space for civic activism is severely restricted . In Ethiopia , journalists critical of the government have been branded "  terrorists " and jailed . There is no privately-owned news media left in Eritrea , the "  North Korea " of Africa , and one can be jailed in Zimbabwe for insulting the president . By contrast , Ghanaian presidents expect to be insulted . The third important factor has been the maturing of political leaders , which was stupendously displayed in the 2008 elections , which the ruling NDC party won by a mere 40,000-vote margin . Elsewhere on the continent , an election that close would have spelled trouble -- angry calls for a recount and descent into violence . But Nana Akuffo-Addo , the losing candidate and now a contender , graciously conceded defeat . Having hosted refugees fleeing political violence and mayhem in neighboring countries , Ghanaian politicians and the people are now well aware of the destructive consequences an irresponsible political decision may cause . Political maturity was also on full display following the death of former president John Atta-Mills in July . Not only was the transition to a new president extraordinarily smooth but Ghanaians of all shades and stripes , buried their differences and came together to grieve over their departed president . A violent and chaotic election this week would dishonor his memory . A nod should also be given to regional leaders , in particular those of Ghana 's neighbors . Borders are porous in Africa and violence in one country can send refugees streaming across the border . Ghana has hosted refugees from civil wars in Liberia and Ivory Coast . In the past , regional leaders have also helped ensure free , fair and transparent elections in Ghana . For example , for the 2000 elections , the former and late president of Togo , Gnassingbe Eyadema , closed the Ghana/Togo border to prevent some of his citizens from crossing it to vote illegally in Ghana 's elections . The fourth factor has been sheer luck . Ghana was fortunate to have one of its sons , Kofi Annan , serve as the United Nations Secretary-General  1997-2006  and co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize . During his tenure , he hop-scotched around the world , trying to end conflicts , douse political flames . He is the first on call when a country implodes to broker a peace deal -- Kenya  2007  , Syria  2011  , etc. . Imagine Annan telling combatants in Kenya and Syria to bury their differences when his own country is on fire with politicians at each other 's throat . Kofi Annan has an NGO in Accra and plays an important role in ensuring peaceful elections in Ghana . Though other African countries may not have a "  Kofi Annan , " the other three factors are still potent in ensuring free , fair and peaceful elections . Alarm bells have been sounded over the possibility of massive fraud in the December 7 elections . But , given the current atmosphere in Ghana , it would be foolhardy for any politician to even dream of committing fraud in Friday 's elections -- unless he wants to commit political suicide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Ayittey .	Ghana heads to the polls on December 7 It has successfully held elections and transferred power on five occasions since 1992 George Ayittey : Free media , civil groups , are secrets of the country 's success These factors can ensure free , fair and peaceful elections across Africa , he says
CNN  -- After news hit that "  Teen Mom 's " Farrah Abraham made a so-called sex tape with Lindsay Lohan 's "  The Canyons " co-star James Deen , there were conflicting stories about its existence and its origins . When originally approached about it on April 8 , Abraham , 21 , said she knew of no such tape , but implied that something she might not have intended to go public could exist . "  If I have my own personal stuff , then that 's my own personal things and if there 's anyone that 's trying to be rude or just get at me , then my lawyer will take care of that , " she said . Then professional porn actor Deen said he and Abraham had shot a full-fledged adult film together . He told CNN : "  Essentially , this is what happened , I was approached  to star in the movie  and we had this long conversation about how I was the wrong person for the job . Not to be arrogant because I 'm not famous , but people that are watching porno , I 'm in porn and they would say , ` Hey look it 's James Deen in this porno . '  Those in negotiations  said ` No , it 's fine . We want to set this up like you and her are dating ' and I 'm like no , absolutely not . They were like , ` No , it 's going to be great : we 'll set you up on a date and call the paparazzi ' and I 'm like no , that sounds like the worst experience of my life . Absolutely not going to do that . I think what happened now , the company has its marketing strategy , she and her people have their marketing strategy . I do n't really care , but why ca n't the marketing strategy be , It 's gon na be cool ! Wan na see it ? World 's best porno comin ' out soon ! " Deen continued : "  I picked her up from her hotel room and drove her to set , somebody took a picture of us walking out of the hotel room , I get a call the next morning asking if we 're dating , I say no and they said , well what were you doing and I said we were shooting a porno . Now there 's this whole thing . They 're saying please do n't say any details and I 'm like , I have no desire to say anything to anyone . To me , this is n't even a story . But , also , I do porn every day . " Now Abraham admits that a tape with Deen does exist and is negotiating its distribution . A spokeswoman for MTV had no comment on the matter . When asked how , between Abraham and his "  The Canyons " co-star Lindsay Lohan , Deen has managed to get tangled up with controversial starlets , he said , "  I do n't know . Maybe I 'm the new sex tape . " "  Oh wow , " he noted "  that 's gon na be a good headline . But I mean , sex tapes are played out and everyone knows they 're fake now . Like the Kim Kardashian one - everyone 's like , that 's obviously fake . She was paid a bunch of money to make a sex tape with her boyfriend . And the Tila Tequila one , everyone 's like , oh wait , that  other  girl does porn , she 's just in this movie with her . I think everybody has kind of figured out that sex tapes are a hoax , so I think now management is like , you should just hang out with James Deen . It 'll be like you 're doing a sex tape -- it 'll be the same drama and controversy and stuff , it 'll be all crazy . Or maybe I 'm just in ... a place at ... a time ? I do n't even know . "	Deen says he shot an adult film with "  Teen Mom 's " Farrah Abraham He also co-starred with Lindsay Lohan in a nonporn film Deen and Abraham were photographed leaving a hotel
London  CNN  -- New figures show that tough trading conditions across Europe are forcing many firms to making even tougher financial decisions -- particularly when it comes to their travel budgets . Paul Tilstone , the managing director of the Global Business Travel Association  GBTA  in Europe , says it 's not surprising that companies are slashing spending on business trips . "  What we 're seeing are companies putting in place critical-only travel plans and that has a knock on effect , " he added . "  It 's not about growth now for a lot of companies -- it 's about survival . Unless something is considered critical to the running of the business , then it wo n't be authorized . " With travel expenditure often one of the biggest expenses within a business it becomes fundamental to reduce budgets . So where are the cuts being made ? Hotels that were once perceived as cheap are now viewed as adequate and comfortable . The days of expensive flights are also long gone . "  The standard now , is people travel in economy rather than business class , " said Tilstone . "  When trips are authorized , companies want more out of them . They want more bang for their buck . " Latest figures from the GBTA show varying levels of growth and decline across five critical markets in Western Europe in 2012 : Germany , UK , France , Italy and Spain . Together they make up nearly 70 % of business travel across the continent -- but Germany is the only nation where an increase has been reported . Spending there will have grown by 1.6 % by the end of the year . Elsewhere , the picture is n't as rosy . In the UK spending has flat-lined , while in France it will have dropped by 2.2 % . The situation in the south of Europe is worse still , with spending on business travel in Spain and Italy dramatically decreasing . Overall it means a reduction in spending of 2.2 % across Western Europe -- and paints an even bleaker picture than the projections issued by the GBTA during the spring . "  The spring 2012 outlook was formulated in May and since that time conditions in Italy , Spain , Greece , and France , among others , have worsened , " said Tilstone . "  The debt crisis may have been moved to the media 's and stock market 's back burner at the moment , but the crisis is still problematic and has caused economic conditions to worsen . " For some companies , it 's obvious that cutbacks are a necessary evil . But what kind of effect do they have on productivity ? "  I take dozens of trips a year , and around 30 to 35 of those are international , " added Tilstone . "  If I had to travel in economy all the time it would take its toll on my well being . It 's about finding a balance . You do n't want your employees becoming less productive individuals . " Stewart Harvey says he 's not surprised by downgrading of the figures by the GBTA . As the commercial director of British corporate services provider HRG he specializes in ensuring companies make the most of their travel arrangements . He says a growing number of firms are exercising caution around their travel budgets . "  Businesses are not out to stop traveling , " he said . "  But there 's a lack of confidence and they 're putting controls on what they are spending . "  They want to record the purpose of the trip . Why are their employees going and who are they going to see ? Is it external or internal ? Are they going after a customer or extracting more business ? "  People are being conservative and cautious because they are thinking about their whole business and they do n't know what 's ahead . " Although the GBTA 's projections for 2012 are bleak , particularly for southern European countries , its outlook for next year makes for slightly more pleasant reading . The association predicts a 1.4 % bounce back in 2013 , which it links to job growth and any likely increase in GDP . Is this a barometer for the region 's wider economy ? "  There is coloration , " said Tilstone . "  There are suggestions that there 's a one quarter time lag between growth in business travel and growth in economies . "  But with lingering debt challenges and continued austerity measures , the European economy is likely to continue to be challenged for years to come . The GBTA 's fall report therefore remains cautious . " But Harvey is n't convinced the projections for growth next year will come to fruition . "  How on earth would we know that ? We do n't have a crystal ball with that assurance , " he said . "  In our experience , most companies are n't looking that far ahead . Planning for the long term is now viewed as three to four months in advance . "	European businesses are putting "  critical-only " travel plans in place Report : France , Italy and Spain have cut business travel spending in 2012 Some fear employee productivity could suffer Growth projections for 2013 remain cautious
CNN  -- Arizona Cardinals backup running back Jonathan Dwyer was arrested in connection with domestic abuse allegations , Phoenix police said Wednesday night . The Cardinals deactivated Dwyer after news of the arrest , according to a news release from the team . CNN 's calls to the office of Dwyer 's agent , Adisa Bakari , were n't immediately returned . The announcement from the Phoenix Police Department said two incidents allegedly occurred on consecutive days in late July . They were reported last week . Detectives interviewed Dwyer and he "  admitted to the incidents , however , denied any physical assaults , " the police statement said . Police said he was booked on one count of aggravated assault causing a fracture , one count of aggravated assault involving a minor , two counts of criminal damage , one count of preventing the use of a phone in an emergency , and assault . The two victims were a 27-year-old woman and an 18-month-old child , police said . Dwyer is being held at the Maricopa County Jail . The Cardinals said they became aware of the allegations when contacted by police . Dwyer , 25 , is the fourth NFL player to be in the headlines this week . Two other players , Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings and Greg Hardy of the Carolina Panthers , took paid leave from their teams to focus on their legal cases . Peterson has been charged in Texas with child abuse . Hardy has been convicted of misdemeanor assault charges in North Carolina and has been granted the opportunity to have a new trial , this time in front of a jury . And running back Ray Rice has an appeal with the NFL in connection with his indefinite suspension after a domestic violence incident . Dwyer is listed as the No. 2 running back for the Cardinals behind Andre Ellington . He is in his fifth NFL season and first with the Cardinals . Dwyer has 51 yards on 16 carries in two games this year . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Shane Deitert contributed to this story .	Jonathan Dwyer is arrested in connection with domestic violence allegation Dwyer is a backup running back for the Arizona Cardinals The team announced after the arrest that Dwer has been deactivated
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Valerie Gooding is in the top five most powerful businesswomen in Europe as named by the Financial Times . She runs global health and care organization BUPA and under her leadership it has grown to over 8 million customers in over 190 countries and record revenues . CNN 's Todd Benjamin spoke to her in London and began by asking her why there are so few women at the top . She said it goes beyond family issues . Gooding : Women sometimes do n't put themselves forward for things . And one of the things I think about and talk about a lot is that women often lack confidence to go for the next job , the top job . They sometimes do n't wish to compete or they do n't think they 're good enough for the next thing . Benjamin : Why do you think that is ? Gooding : Partly a lack of role models , partly it may be conditioning from a very early age about what the role of women is in society and the family , in work . But also I think there is still -- I do n't like to call it a glass ceiling , but I think there is still an unseen barrier for women , which is that , if you ask most business people , would they like to promote more women , they would all say yes , they 'd love to : "  Where are these women , I want to promote them , " will be the answer . But often they do n't really automatically think of a woman first for a top job . Benjamin : And what advice would you give to women who want to try and make it to the top ? Gooding : Well , first of all , to learn as much as you can and to make sure you 've got the right experience , the right qualifications , and to enjoy each job for its own interest and job satisfaction . But I think another piece of advice I would give to women is not to be afraid to put themselves forward and say what it is they want , because I think one thing that happens with women , which perhaps is a gender difference , is that women often hang back and think "  I will be noticed for my results , everybody will see how great I am because I 've delivered these exceptional outcomes " . But actually life is n't like that , you have to tell people about your results and your achievements , and men are often better at doing that than women are . Benjamin : What do you think separates good leadership from great leadership ? Gooding : Well , I think good leaders should be judged on their results . And I think of a good leader you should be able to say "  she transformed the business , " "  she upped the performance , " "  she exceeded the expectations of the stakeholders . " I think of a great leader I would go to that old Chinese saying , "  of a great leader the people will say "  we did it ourselves " " . Benjamin : Do you think that women in general as managers are more inclusive than men ? Gooding : No , I do n't . In fact , I sometimes find these gender differences , when sort of represented in the business environment , are actually just not very useful . I think men and women have very different styles of leadership as individuals and I do n't think it goes down to straightforward gender divide . Because I have seen women who are more autocratic and more leading from the front and more dictatorial , and I 've equally seen men who are very consultative . So , I do n't just think it divides that way . Benjamin : You clearly love what you do . What is it about business that you think is such a buzz ? Gooding : It 's the constant challenge , there 's always something new , there 's a new competitor , there 's a new pressure , there 's a new opportunity , there 's a new challenge , I think that 's what keeps us all going . I think it 's the thrill of the chase , basically . E-mail to a friend	Valerie Gooding , CEO of BUPA , speaks to CNN 's Todd Benjamin BUPA has over 8 million customers in 190 countries Valerie is one of FT 's top five most powerful businesswomen in Europe
New Orleans  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Isaac neared hurricane strength Monday night , closing on the Gulf Coast with a projected landfall a day short of the seventh anniversary of the devastating Hurricane Katrina . Isaac was forecast to strike land south of New Orleans on Tuesday night , perhaps as a Category 1 hurricane with top winds of about 90 mph . The Katina anniversary was leaving much of the Gulf Coast with "  a high level of anxiety , " as New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu put it Monday . Residents of low-lying coastal areas from the Florida Panhandle to southeastern Louisiana were ordered to evacuate ahead of storm surges and heavy rain , while Landrieu acknowledged his own jitters due to the coincidence . Isaac is expected to be weaker than Katrina , which came ashore as a Category 3 hurricane with 125-mph winds . But New Orleans could start to feel tropical storm force winds by midnight Monday , and while Isaac may veer off its currently projected course , "  It seems to be settling into a pathway and a speed that is becoming predictable , " Landrieu said . "  It is quite ironic that we have a hurricane threatening us on the seventh anniversary of Katrina , " he said . But he added that as of Monday afternoon , "  There is nothing this storm will bring us that we are not capable of handling . " Most of Katrina 's nearly 1,800 deaths occurred when the protective levees around New Orleans failed , flooding the city . But Landrieu said the levees have had $ 10 billion in improvements since 2005 , and the city 's pump stations have backup generators ready in case of electrical outages . One of those stations is the biggest in the world and some can move as much as 150,000 gallons per second . "  This is the best system that the greater New Orleans area has ever seen , " Col. Ed Fleming of the Army Corps of Engineers said . Preparing for Isaac , state by state Isaac faltered a bit in the Gulf of Mexico as an eye wall that had been forming appeared to break up Monday afternoon , slowing its development , National Hurricane Center Deputy Director Ed Rappaport told CNN . As of 11 p.m. ET , its top winds remained 70 mph -- just under hurricane strength -- and it was expected to become a hurricane "  Monday night or early Tuesday , " the Miami-based hurricane center reported . Isaac was centered about 190 miles  305 kilometers  southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River , and it was moving to the northwest at 10 mph . But tropical-storm-force winds extended more than 200 miles from the center , and hurricane warnings stretched from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Alabama-Florida border . Tropical storm warnings extended eastward to Destin , Florida , and westward from Morgan City to Intracoastal City , Louisiana , about 150 miles west of New Orleans . There was also the potential for a lot of rain , as much as 18 inches in a few areas of Alabama , Louisiana and Mississippi , the hurricane center said . As the storm heads north , its rain would benefit some drought-ravaged states like Arkansas , Illinois , Indiana and Missouri . Landrieu has not ordered an evacuation of his city , most of which is below sea level and protected by a network of levees . But he said he would "  strongly urge " about 900 people who live outside the levee system to leave -- and if anyone else is thinking about getting out , "  now would be a good time to go . " Live blog : Isaac moves in Others in low-lying Louisiana parishes and in coastal counties and barrier islands of Mississippi , Alabama and northwest Florida were told to clear out ahead of the storm . In Alabama , state Emergency Management Agency Director Art Faulkner warned that strong winds and high water may affect the Mobile area even if the storm hits as far west as Louisiana . "  It is a very large storm , " Faulkner said . "  And oftentimes we confuse and focus on a specific dot that may be identified as the center of the storm when very dangerous conditions may exist as far as 200 miles from that specific dot . " The storm lashed Cuba and the Florida Keys over the weekend after slamming into Haiti , where at least 19 people had been reported dead by Monday , the country 's civil protection agency reported . The Hurricane Center projected storm surges of 3 to 6 feet for the Florida Panhandle , 6 to 9 feet for the Alabama coast and 6 to 12 feet for the Mississippi and southeastern Louisiana shores . In Bay St. Louis , Mississippi , Hancock County authorities ordered residents of low-lying areas to evacuate Monday evening . The National Park Service had already ordered visitors to leave the barrier islands off the Mississippi coast . Jackson County , which includes the coastal cities of Pascagoula , Gautier and Ocean Springs , ordered evacuations for anyone living south of U.S. Highway 90 -- a major artery along the Mississippi coast -- or for those living in mobile homes , along rivers and in other vulnerable areas . "  Those residents that experienced flooding during Hurricane Katrina should evaluate what the effects of the possible 8-12 foot tidal surge would have to their property and make an informed decision with regard to evacuation , " a message from the county Board of Supervisors added . But on Dauphin Island , south of Mobile , many residents were preparing to sit out Isaac at home , said Alexa Alexander . "  We are boarding up  and  getting supplies ready , " said Alexander , who lives and tends bar on the island . "  We 've had a little bit of people leave Dauphin Island , but not much . Most of the locals are going to ride it out . " Dauphin Island was badly damaged by Katrina , which cut the island in half -- a gouge since filled by sand and rock . The skies there were just clouding up Monday afternoon , Alexander said . Louisiana resident Ryan Unger plans to stay in place despite an evacuation order . He filled up gas tanks Sunday night in case he has to run his generator . "  Starting to get a little sense of anxiety , like , OK , am I ready for it ? " he said . "  Realizing we ai n't really ready for a storm . So we 're just all thinking about what we got ta do to get in place to get ready for it . " Residents of St. Charles Parish and parts of Jefferson Parish and Plaquemines Parish in Louisiana had been ordered to clear out as well . Some 9,000 residents in Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , were ordered to evacuate Monday morning , along with the towns of Jean Lafitte , Crown Point and Barataria . "  We 're worried about tidal surge , " Jean Lafitte Mayor Tim Kerner said . Airports across the region also made plans to shut down as the storm passed . New Orleans will shut its international airport after its last flight Monday night , spokesman Ryan Berni said , while smaller airports in Mississippi , Alabama and Florida also announced closures starting Tuesday . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal called on residents in coastal parishes prone to flooding to voluntarily evacuate . Even pro football player Courtney Roby of the New Orleans Saints was a little nervous . "  Kinda a scary feeling of uncertainty , " he said via Twitter . Disaster dining : How to stay safe and stay fed in a storm Mississippi officials dispatched 1,500 National Guard troops to the state 's three southern counties to help with emergency operations , as well as 45 state troopers to ease traffic flow . The state has distributed 10,000 sandbags to residents ahead of the storm . "  In short , we have done everything in our power to be prepared for the storm , " Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said . In the coastal Mississippi city of Pass Christian , people were moving their boats to higher ground and preparing their homes . "  Lookin ' like we 're gon na be ground zero again , " said Daryl Vaught , as he prepared to place sandbags in front of his doors and garage . "  It seems like Katrina just happened yesterday , " Vaught told CNN affiliate WDSU . "  Hopefully we 'll dodge a bullet here this time . I did n't last time . " iReport : Isaac pounds Ft. Lauderdale beach It appeared Monday that the storm 's ferocity would mostly bypass Florida 's west coast and the Republican National Convention in Tampa , where the schedule was pushed back a day by organizers over concerns about the storm . The storm passed well west of the city , but flood advisories remained posted around the area Monday evening . Share your photos and videos of Isaac on CNN iReport CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Matt Smith , Josh Levs , Dave Alsup , Chelsea J. Carter , Tom Cohen , Martin Savidge , Gary Tuchman and Jim Spellman , and journalist Jean Junior Osman contributed to this report .	NEW : Isaac continues path toward southern Louisiana Storm could dump 18 inches of rain in some areas Current projections show the storm making landfall Tuesday night or Wednesday morning near New Orleans The storm could be a Category 2 hurricane with 100 mph winds by then
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian authorities said Sunday they are preparing for a new round of negotiations with the man who has kidnapped two Americans and an Egyptian tour guide to demand his uncle 's release from an Alexandria jail . Gen. Ahmed Bakr , the head of security in Egypt 's northern Sinai Peninsula , says Bedouin sheikhs who are acting as mediators have confirmed the hostages "  are unharmed and well fed . " They include Michel Louis , the pastor of a Pentecostal church in Boston ; Lisa Alphonse , a parishoner at another American church ; and an Egyptian tour guide . Authorities have identified the hostage-taker as Germy Abu Masouh , a member of a prominent Bedouin tribe in the Sinai . He wants Egyptian police to free his uncle , whom Bakr said had been caught in Alexandria with a half-ton of drugs . Bakr said negotiators include top intelligence and police officials . "  We hope to reach a resolution soon , " he said . "  Germy has threatened to kidnap more tourists if his demands are not met . " Abu Masouh told Egyptian news outlets that Louis , the pastor of Boston 's Free Pentecostal Church of God , had been allowed to call his wife , who had been on the same bus . However , the minister 's son , Daniel Louis , cast doubt on that claim Sunday afternoon . "  We have spoken to my mother , and my mother has told us that she has not spoken to my father , " he said . Michel Louis suffers from diabetes , and the family does n't know whether he has his medication , his son said . Another son , Jean Louis , told CNN earlier Sunday that the captive Americans were part of a group that was on its way to Israel . "  As the tour bus was in an area of the Sinai peninsula of Egypt , they were stopped by a couple of cars , " Jean Louis told CNN 's "  Early Start Weekend " show . "  In the cars were some gentlemen who got onto the bus . They detained both my father ... . and another woman who was part of the group on their way to Israel . " The family is praying for the safety of their father and the other kidnap victims , he said . "  We are concerned , but we 're Christians . We believe in God . We 're resolved in our faith , we know that God is going to see him out of the situation , " he said . Jean Louis said the family was not aware of security concerns about travel across the Sinai , where Americans had been kidnapped and swiftly released in two separate incidents since February . "  If we were aware , I would believe we would use correct judgment not to enter that area , " Jean Louis said . Bakr said the situation "  is partially the fault of the travel agency , " which he said had not informed police of their route . If it had , "  we would have sent a police escort , " he said . Authorities say the captives are still in the area where they were abducted . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . In a message posted on Twitter on Friday , the U.S. Embassy in Cairo said it was "  in close touch with Egyptian authorities , who are doing everything they can to bring about safe release of the American tourists . " CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy reported from Cairo and Saad Abedine , from Atlanta . Richard Allen Greene and Randi Kaye contributed to this story .	NEW : The captives are "  are unharmed and well fed , " an Egyptian official says NEW : Son says no contact with father since Friday 's abduction Security official : Bedouin kidnappers want the release of a relative held on drug charges Kidnappings and robberies are up since longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year
Jakarta  CNN  -- Southeast Asia 's top diplomat has warned that the South China Sea disputes risk becoming "  Asia 's Palestine " , deteriorating into a violent conflict that draws sharp dividing lines between nations and destabilises the whole region . Surin Pitsuwan , the outgoing secretary-general of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations , told the Financial Times that Asia was entering its "  most contentious " period in recent years as a rising China stakes out its claim to almost the entire South China Sea , clashing with the Philippines , Vietnam and others . Read more : Does Norway hold the key to solving South China Sea dispute ? "  We have to be mindful of the fact that the South China Sea could evolve into another Palestine , " if countries do not try harder to defuse rather than inflame tensions , he said . As it has grown economically and militarily more powerful , Beijing has become more assertive about its territorial claims in the South China Sea , which encompasses vast oil and gas reserves , large fish stocks and key global trade routes . Interactive : Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? After naval clashes with Vietnam and the Philippines -- which claim parts of the South China Sea alongside Brunei , Malaysia and Taiwan -- China has further angered its neighbours by printing a map of its extensive maritime claim , known as the "  nine-dotted line " in new passports . Vietnam has hit back by marking the passports of visiting Chinese as "  invalid " and issuing separate visa forms rather than appearing to recognise the Chinese claim by stamping passports . Dangerous waters : Behind the islands dispute The US state department on Tuesday said Washington would continue to accept the new Chinese passports as legal documents , adding that countries were free to decide what their passports looked like . But Victoria Nuland , the state department spokeswoman , added that it was a separate issue "  whether it 's politically smart or helpful to be taking steps that antagonise countries " . The US has responded to a resurgent Beijing by refocusing its foreign policy on Asia and building closer strategic and military ties with old foes such as Myanmar and Vietnam , which also fear the consequences of potential Chinese hegemony in the region . Squeezed between these two great powers , southeast Asian nations will come under growing pressure to take sides unless they can stay united , said Mr Pitsuwan , a Thai diplomat who will step down next month after five years as the head of Asean . He argued that the deteriorating situation in the South China Sea was the result of "  the internal dynamics of China " , with Beijing focused on upholding its sovereignty and territory because of the recent leadership change , growing prosperity and a sense that the state-building process was still under way . Read more : Can both sides back off peacefully ? Asean , which is the only high-level forum for security issues in Asia , has fallen into disarray this year as Cambodia , a close Beijing ally and the chairman of the organisation , has undermined efforts by the Philippines and Vietnam to form a consensus about how to respond to China 's assertive stance . "  Cambodia has to balance itself within an increasingly tense power play , " said Mr Pitsuwan . "  I think Cambodia did what it had to do -- you have to look at it from their perspective . " He added that the best hope for avoiding conflict was for Asean and China to agree on a binding code of conduct that would discourage nations from trying to seize islands , oilfields and fishing grounds in order to back up their territorial claims . But this would be challenging given that Asia 's political institutions and dispute-resolution mechanisms were still very under-developed relative to the growing region 's economic might .	Southeast Asia 's top diplomat has warned that the South China Sea disputes risk becoming "  Asia 's Palestine " Pitsuwan : Could into a violent conflict that draws sharp dividing lines between nations and destabilize region Beijing has become more assertive about its territorial claims in the South China Sea , with vast oil reserves China has angered its neighbors by printing a map of its extensive maritime claim in new passports
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- OutKast 's Big Boi is a junkie , has been for years . Big Boi : "  You can really tell a lot about a person through the shoes , so I always like to keep me a fresh pair . " The multiplatinum rap star got his first shoe fix back when he was better known as Antwan Patton , a busboy at Steak and Ale . He saved up his paychecks and rushed to a dealer to cop the only thing that could cure his jones -- a pair of British Knights tennis shoes . "  I 've actually been into sneakers since I was a little kid , " Big Boi , 34 , said backstage before his concert this month at the Sneaker Pimps exhibition in Atlanta . "  You can really tell a lot about a person through the shoes , so I always like to keep me a fresh pair . " Sneaker culture has thrived for decades , but shoe companies have increasingly capitalized on the demand for one-of-a-kind kicks . Collectors , known as sneakerheads , have lined up to pay hundreds , even thousands , of dollars to ensure few people are wearing the same shoes . See some of the rarest shoes " "  Coming up , my mom got five kids so there was n't a whole lot of stylish tennis shoes around the house , so I used to want a lot of sneakers , " Big Boi said , explaining that he started making up for lost time -- and shoes -- long before OutKast 's 1994 debut , "  Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik . " Juan Castaneda , 27 , also grew up in a family of modest means and longed to don the fresh kicks he saw his peers wearing . "  When I got money to buy them , I started catching up , " said Castaneda , who works at a nursing home in Hendersonville , North Carolina . He estimates he owns about 200 pairs of sneakers , including a pair of Nike Air Jordan XIs with patent-leather trim called "  Space Jams . " They cost him $ 500 . It 's supply and demand at its simplest , said Elliott Curtis , a former Carnegie Mellon University basketball player who for two semesters taught Sneakerology 101 , billed as the first accredited class on sneaker culture . Shoe companies create a limited number  say , a few hundred pairs  of shoes -- even if it 's just an old model with new colors or materials -- and demand automatically spikes . "  It 's like a status symbol . If Nike is selling a shoe for $ 2,000 , they 're not expecting to sell that many , " the recent graduate said , adding that sneakerheads are drawn to scarcity . "  If they 've got money , they can buy coolness , " Curtis said . Curtis goes to garage sales and mom-and-pop stores seeking rare and retro sneakers for his 75-pair collection , but he concedes he 's waited in line for limited editions and paid as much as $ 250 for a pair . Sporting an ultra-rare set of blue-and-red "  Bugs Bunny " Nike Air Jordan VIIIs , Big Boi said he today boasts at least 400 pairs of sneakers , but he rarely pays for them because shoe companies send him pairs . His most expensive , a pair of crocodile-skin Nike Air Force 1s , sell on various auction sites for up to $ 1,800 . Big Boi has never worn them , but he plans on taking them out of their Nike lockbox this summer so he can wear them in a video for his upcoming solo album . To Peter Fahey , the mastermind behind Sneaker Pimps shoe shows , Big Boi 's enthusiasm is typical . Sneaker culture got its start in New York in the 1970s , mostly among playground streetballers and practitioners of an emerging genre of music called hip-hop . Over the next three decades , rappers and basketball players -- most notably , Run DMC and Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan -- would play integral roles in boosting the popularity of rare kicks . "  Run DMC were probably at the height of the whole movement . It was the first time music and sneakers crossed like this , " Fahey said of the group 's 1986 hit , "  My Adidas . " Today , Adidas , Nike and Puma compete with luxury brands such as Chanel , Prada and Gucci . The major sports shoe companies also allow customers to design their own shoes . Upstarts such as San Francisco 's JB Classics and Japan 's Madfoot and KKOK have snatched up market share as well . Shoe companies realize hip-hop 's influence and work hard to get "  a fresh pair of steps " on a rapper 's feet . Earlier this year , Converse released a line of its iconic All-Stars in tandem with Chicago rhymesmith Lupe Fiasco . Nike has issued two versions of the Air Yeezy , inspired by rapper-producer Kanye West . Louis Vuitton also has teamed up with West . Some lines , such as the Yeezys , quickly become collectors ' items . Die-hard sneakerheads keep them in their original boxes like "  Star Wars " action figures and ferret them away in closets , their soles never to be scuffed by a sidewalk . Bryan Lyle , 22 , of Stockbridge , Georgia , said he recently camped out three nights at an Atlanta boutique to get one of the shop 's eight pairs of Air Yeezys . Lyle paid $ 300 , a small fortune for shoes , but Castaneda said the price more than doubled within days . He got a pair of Yeezys from an eBay merchant in Hong Kong . The damage ? $ 700 . Melissa Bailey of Hendersonville , North Carolina , takes photos at the Sneaker Pimps show . Castaneda 's girlfriend , Melissa Bailey , 26 , said Castaneda actually bought three pairs . He found two online and paid someone to camp out for the others . Castaneda 's modus operandi is to buy three pairs of his favorite shoes -- one to wear , one to store for later and one to sell or trade , she said . "  He will not walk through grass . He will not walk through dirt , " Bailey said . For the last six years , Fahey has had a front-row seat for the evolution of sneaker culture . He held the first Sneaker Pimps show in Sydney , Australia , in 2003 , but only 200 people showed up , belying the trend 's rising popularity . Soon , however , tens of thousands would attend shows in more than 60 cities . A 2006 show in Jakarta , Indonesia , drew about 13,000 sneakerheads . The shows now feature between 1,000 and 1,500 shoes . Some are rare . Others are signed by celebrities . Hip-hop acts are a staple , as is artwork -- on both kicks and canvas . At this month 's show , hundreds of sneaker enthusiasts filed through Atlanta 's Tabernacle with the decorum of museum patrons , stopping to admire the shoes displayed on swaths of chain-link fence . There were novice sneakerheads , such as Chris Shepherd , 20 , and Charnelle Cook , 20 , an Atlanta couple who marveled over the DC Comics and Transformers sneakers . Asked about her multicolored hightops , Cook said , "  I could n't tell you what these are called . All I know is they 're Reeboks , and they 're fly . " There were seasoned collectors , such as Kyle Self , 35 , of Decatur , Georgia , who said he had about 25 pairs , some of them still in their boxes . Included in the group are three pairs of $ 400 low-top Pradas , which he called his "  everyday sneakers . " There were even female collectors , such as artist Estasha Goodwin , 23 , who modeled a pair of shimmering gold , winged -- yes , winged -- hightops made by Adidas and designer Jeremy Scott . She complained that shoe companies too often focus on the male market and ignored female aficionados . "  When they do cater to us , it 's always bubblegum pink . They do n't even make them in our sizes , " she said . "  I know women who know more about sneakers than any dude out here today . " Incidentally , her favorite of the 15 pairs she owns were made for men -- the Nike "  Ace of Spades " Dunks , inspired by the Detroit Tigers ' high-kicking pitcher , Dontrelle Willis , who is prominently featured on the black-and-aqua shoe 's hightop . Asked why she shelled out $ 250 for them , she gave a familiar response : "  It 's a feeling you get when you know you 're the only one that has something . Even if you 're not , it 's the way you walk it . "	Big Boi says he has 400 pairs , including crocodile-skin Nikes he 's never worn Shoe companies capitalizing on niche demand for rare , limited-edition sneakers Sneakerology teacher : "  If they 've got money , they can buy coolness " Woman says boyfriend "  will not walk through grass . He will not walk through dirt "
The federal government may not be hit with a double whammy on top of the ongoing shutdown , as House Speaker John Boehner told a group of fellow GOP legislators that he wo n't let the nation default on its debt , according to a House Republican . Boehner said that he 'd set aside the "  Hastert Rule " -- that Republicans would only bring measures up for a vote if they are backed by a majority of their caucus -- and rely on Democrats to pass a measure to raise the nation 's debt limit , said the House member . This legislator attended a meeting Wednesday involving Boehner , but requested anonymity because that gathering was private . Congressional Republicans remain divided on how to structure legislation to raise the government 's borrowing level . And an aide to the House speaker downplayed the development , saying , "  Boehner has always said the United States will not default on its debt , so that 's not news . " Still , at least one Democrat -- Sen. Charles Schumer of New York -- cheered the prospect of the GOP leader refusing to block at least this measure that President Barack Obama and his fellow Democrats strongly support . "  This could be the beginnings of a significant breakthrough , " Schumer said in a statement . "  Even coming close to the edge of default is very dangerous , and putting this issue to rest significantly ahead of the default date would allow everyone in the country to breathe a huge sigh of relief . " The Ohio Republican 's vow comes exactly two weeks before the government is set to run out of money to cover its roughly $ 16.7 trillion debt , unless Congress agrees to lift the so-called debt ceiling . That had long been routine in Washington -- until recently , that is , when conservative Republicans have pushed not to allow more borrowing without significant cuts . Boehner himself wrote earlier this week in USA Today that "  there is no way Congress can or should pass  a debt ceiling hike  without spending cuts and reforms to deal with the debt and deficit and help get our economy moving again . " He accused President Barack Obama of refusing to negotiate ; Obama and fellow Democratic leaders have since said they are open to talks on any and all budgetary matters , but only after the government is reopened . Yet Boehner 's comments signal that , at least on the debt ceiling issue , he 's willing to allow a vote on a measure backed by top Democrats but not most Republicans in his chamber -- something he 's refused to do with a Senate-passed measure to reopen the federal government , without any add-ons . Chief among those Democrats is Obama who , for all his strong rhetoric on ending the government shutdown , has said that avoiding a federal debt default is an even bigger necessity . He 's insisted Congress pass such a measure , as is , without tying it to anything else . "  As reckless as a government shutdown is , an economic shutdown that results from default would be dramatically worse , " the president said in a speech Thursday in Rockville , Maryland . "  There will be no negotiations over this . " Obama challenges Boehner to allow ` yes-or-no vote ' on shutdown While Boehner 's comments suggest hope toward some common resolution on the debt ceiling , the government shutdown is another matter entirely . The two sides appeared no closer to an agreement Thursday , the third day of the shutdown that comes because Congress failed to agree on a budget plan to send to President Barack Obama . In fact , they appeared to dig in -- insisting their approach is best and that the other was to blame for the 800,000 workers at risk of furloughs , shuttering of national parks , loss of funding for various programs and other effects of the shutdown . A conservative GOP wing has demanded that any spending measure include provisions to dismantle or defund Obamacare , which became law in 2010 and was upheld by the Supreme Court last year . As he 's done before , Obama on Thursday challenged Boehner to stop what he called Republicans "  reckless " strategy of refusing to pass the "  clean " spending bill -- which does n't have provisions targeting the president 's signature health care reform , the Affordable Care Act , like several passed by the GOP-led House -- and instead pushing measures to fund popular programs on a one-by-one basis . The shutdown : Personal stories from Americans on the edge The president said the spending initiative passed by the Democratic-led Senate would pass the House with support from Democrats and some Republicans , except that Boehner wo n't allow the vote . "  The only thing that is keeping the government shut down , the only thing preventing people from going back to work , and basic research starting back up , and farmers and small-business owners getting their loans -- the only thing that 's preventing all that from happening right now today , in the next five minutes , is that Speaker John Boehner wo n't even let the bill get a yes-or-no vote because he does n't want to anger the extremists in his party , " Obama said . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was part of the Democratic chorus Thursday , accusing Boehner of reneging on an agreement to let the House vote on a "  clean " spending package of $ 988 billion , $ 70 billion less than Democrats wanted  . Boehner went back on that deal , Reid surmised in an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash , because he feared fellow Republicans would turn on him and oust him from his position as House speaker . "  His job is not as important as our country , " Reid said . " ... He has to have some courage . " Reid jabs Boehner , says he reneged on deal Cantor : GOP should stand its ground GOP Rep. Michael Grimm said Thursday night that "  very , very arrogant and very obstinate " remarks by Reid and what he calls a lack of needed leadership from Obama undermines the chances of reaching a deal . "  If you 're going to be insulted ... , and if you 're going to be spoken down to , and there 's going to be this air of arrogance , you 're only going to make things worse , " Grimm , of New York , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . While Grimm and a few other moderate Republicans have backed a "  clean " spending bill without anti-Obamacare provisions , some of his colleagues in the House say the party wo n't budge from their strategy . Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas , for one , described his caucus as "  very unified " and said Reid and Obama are "  confused " if they think "  we 're going to fold and let them win on everything . " In fact , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor wrote in a memo that it 's the positions of Obama and other Democrats that are "  untenable . " House Republicans would continue passing piecemeal funding measures for popular programs such as veterans affairs , national parks and medical research to keep up pressure on Senate Democrats who refuse to consider such measures in the ongoing stalemate , Cantor 's memo said . "  While no one can predict with certainty how the current shutdown will be resolved , I am confident that if we keep advancing common-sense solutions to the problems created by the shutdown that Senate Democrats and President Obama will eventually agree to meaningful discussions that would allow us to ultimately resolve this impasse , " Cantor said in the memo that a GOP source made available to CNN . A conversation between two conservative GOP senators showed Republicans think they can win the debate . In the comments caught by live microphone , tea party-backed Sen. Rand Paul told his Kentucky Republican colleague , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , that continuing to hammer Democrats for refusing to consider GOP proposals would eventually succeed . Proposal from moderates Meanwhile , two moderate House members -- one Republican and one Democrat -- proposed a compromise Thursday that would fund the government for six months while eliminating a tax on medical devices in the health care reforms . Senate Democrats quickly rejected the idea because it would link the health care reform provision to the need to fund the government now while extending deep mandatory budget cuts they oppose for half of the new fiscal year . GOP moderates huddle as conservatives set agenda Instead , Obama -- who canceled a trip to Brunei and Indonesia for this weekend 's Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit because of the ongoing shutdown -- and other Democrats have said they want to negotiate a broad budget deal that could include tax reforms and other matters . But they 're only willing to engage in such talks after the government reopens . This already slogging debate over what to do about the crisis ground to a halt Thursday because of something that , at first glance , did not directly involve any of the legislators on Capitol Hill , even if it did hit very close to home . A chase that began at a White House security checkpoint ended near the U.S. Capitol Hill when authorities opened fire on a car containing a woman and a child , an intelligence source told CNN . Two police officers suffered injuries in the ordeal , according to D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier . The female driver -- who did n't fire any shots herself , according to multiple sources -- died of gunshot wounds . The House and Senate were both put on lockdown , with no one allowed to leave or enter Capitol Hill buildings and everyone urged to steer clear of windows and doorways , for about an hour . Not long after , Democrats and Republicans reconvened on the House floor and , in a rare show of unanimity , thanked the responding officers . Then they resumed their normal business -- which , if the past few weeks is any indication , meant more blame and little agreement on how to bring the government back on line .	Obama cancels a trip to the APEC summit because of the shutdown Republican : Boehner says he 'd allow debt ceiling vote that relies on Democrats to pass President Obama slams "  reckless Republican shutdown " A GOP legislator describes Republicans as "  very unified " despite reports of division
DENDERMONDE , Belgium  CNN  -- Authorities have charged a 20-year-old man with murder and attempted murder in a stabbing rampage at a Belgian nursery school that left two children and a staff member dead and a dozen others wounded . A family pays tribute Friday evening outside the nursery school in Dendermonde , Belgium . The regional prosecutor 's office identified the man , who has been in custody since Friday , as Kim D. , and would not release his last name . They said he lives alone in Sinaai , a city about 20 kilometers  12 miles  outside of Dendermonde . He has no police record and is unemployed , the office said . Authorities allege the man , whose face was painted white with black rings around his eyes , entered the Fabeltjesland  Fable Land  nursery school midmorning Friday and began stabbing those inside . He entered the building through a side door , typically only used by parents who are late in arriving to pick up their children from the school , authorities said . Once inside , he went through several rooms in the center . The dead included the head of the nursery , a woman in her 60s who was well known in the town , residents said . The other victims were young ; the nursery cared for children up to the age of three . Watch report on attack " Authorities caught up with him about an hour-and-a-half later after the attack ended , the ministry said . At the time of his arrest , he had on him a knife , an ax and a fake pistol . He was wearing a bullet-proof vest , authorities said . Two other knives were found at the nursery school , but it has not been confirmed whether they were used in the attack . Kim D. has said nothing to authorities regarding the attack , the prosecutor 's office said . Authorities have searched his home , but they did not release any information from the search . Watch description of what happened " The suspect , who is being held in jail , is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday morning . The judge has assigned three doctors to monitor him , authorities said . Earlier , authorities said he was not registered with any psychiatric institution . Dendermonde , about 16 miles northwest of Brussels , is a tight-knit community of about 40,000 people , residents said . Fabeltjesland lies off a park and is not easy to find from the road . On Saturday , the nursery stood quiet and boarded up , with tributes of flowers , cuddly toys and cards left outside .	Two children , one adult killed in attack at Belgian nursery school Friday Tributes including cards , cuddly toys , flowers left outside boarded-up nursery NEW : Authorities : Suspect was also carrying an ax , bulletproof vest , fake pistol Attack happened in town of Dendermonde , about 16 miles northwest of Brussels
For a while , Iraq faded from the collective consciousness . But what 's happening there should make people sit up and take notice . Extremist militants have overrun Mosul , the country 's second-largest city . As many as half a million civilians have fled their homes to escape the violence , and the brazen incursion has highlighted all the weaknesses of the government 's ability to maintain security . Here 's how things got to this point . So , what happened ? Monday night into Tuesday , militants seized Mosul 's airport , its TV stations and the governor 's office . They freed up to 1,000 prisoners . Police and soldiers ran from their posts rather than put up a fight , abandoning their weapons as they went . The militants took their place in the city 's boulevards and buildings . "  There was no presence of any government forces on the streets , the majority of their posts destroyed and manned by  Islamist militants  , " resident Firas al-Maslawi said . An audio recording purportedly from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria promises more fighting in more Iraqi cities , including Baghdad . "  Continue your march as the battle is not yet raging , " a voice said to be that of ISIS spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani says . Why is this significant ? Mosul is the nation 's second-largest city . What 's happening here does n't bode well for Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's administration . It calls into question whether he has a handle on the country . The devastating militant advance , which had been building for some time , is proving an object lesson of much that is wrong in Iraq and the region -- growing sectarian tensions at home and a festering civil war over the border in Syria . It also shows that the extremists are seeking to extend their influence and can strike swiftly and effectively against Iraq 's American-trained security forces . Who are the militants ? They 're part of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , an al Qaeda splinter group . Here 's how extreme the militant group is : Even al Qaeda has disowned it . The Mosul siege has made ISIS the single most dangerous , destabilizing radical group in the region . The group is also known by some as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . Its members include Europeans as well as Chechens , Turks and many fighters from other Arab countries , some attracted by the conflict in Syria . How to respond to the ISIS threat What do they want ? They want to establish an Islamic caliphate , or state , stretching across the region . ISIS has begun imposing Sharia law in Syrian towns it controls , like Raqqa , forcing women to wear the full veil , or niqab , in public and banning music . Have they made such incursions before ? Yes . In past months , they 've wrested control of Iraqi cities like Falluja and parts of Ramadi from authorities , just as they 've done with Syrian towns over the border . Militants believed to be from ISIS have also taken control of two villages in Iraq 's Kirkuk province and seized parts of the oil town of Baiji in Salaheddin province , authorities said . Have they been able to keep their control ? Not really . Despite the territorial advances it has made in Sunni-dominated Anbar and Nineveh provinces , ISIS still has "  significant weaknesses , " a U.S. counterterrorism official says . "  It has shown little ability to govern effectively , is generally unpopular , and has no sway outside the Sunni community in either Iraq or Syria . " How is all this tied to Syria ? ISIS grew out of al Qaeda in Iraq . In the west of Iraq , its militants were responsible for killing and maiming many U.S. troops . In 2006 , their commander -- the bloodthirsty Abu Musab al-Zarqawi -- was killed in a U.S. strike . In the years afterward , with American help , Iraqi tribal militias put the al Qaeda upstart on the defensive . But when U.S. troops left , the extremist militants found new leadership , went to Syria , grew stronger and returned to Iraq , making military gains often off the backs of the foreign fighters drawn to Syria 's conflict . Now the group has footholds in both countries and is blamed for destabilizing both . In Syria , where its forces have clashed with other Islamist groups , observers say the internecine fighting has played into the hands of Bashar al-Assad 's regime by distracting rival factions from their campaign against the Syrian military . What 's the situation in Mosul right now ? More than 500,000 civilians have fled since the fighting started over the weekend , according to the International Organization for Migration . The northern city 's four main hospitals are inaccessible because of fighting , and some mosques have been converted to clinics , the IOM said . There 's a lack of drinking water in the western part of the city since the main water station for the area has been destroyed by bombing . Food is running low and few areas are receiving electricity , while fuel for generators is also running out . What does this mean for Iraq ? While Iraq is plagued by multiple daily car bombings and suicide attacks , the sheer scale of the attack on Mosul -- and the brewing humanitarian crisis tied to it -- bodes ill for the country 's stability . According to the United Nations , last year was Iraq 's most violent in five years , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians . Already this year , almost half a million people have been displaced from their homes in central Anbar province by fighting between the same extremist group and government forces . One major reason Mosul made headlines is how swiftly the city , to all intents and purposes , fell . What does this mean for the United States and the West ? The last U.S. military forces left Iraq at the end of 2011 , after nearly nine years of deadly and divisive war in the country . Talks that might have allowed a continued major military presence broke down amid disputes about whether U.S. troops would be immune to prosecution by Iraqi authorities . Iraq 's security forces , trained by the United States at a cost of billions of dollars , have proved unable to dislodge the militants from strongholds in Anbar province and have now been routed in Mosul . The result seems likely to be continued or growing instability in Iraq and the wider region . This , at a time when the global economy is recovering , could have an unwelcome impact on oil markets . There 's also concern that foreign fighters with ISIS may go back to their native countries , in Europe and elsewhere , and carry out terror attacks there . That worry was heightened last month by the shooting deaths of four people at a Jewish Museum in Belgium ; the suspect , according to French officials , recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist .	As many as half a million civilians have been forced from their homes The advance is proving an object lesson of much that 's wrong in Iraq The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is so extreme that even al Qaeda has disavowed it
CNN  -- A man suspected of being part of a major soccer match-fixing organization has given himself up to Italian police after being a fugitive since December 2011 . Admir Suljic , a former football player , was arrested at Milan 's Malpensa airport Thursday following his arrival from Singapore , having told authorities he would do so via his defense lawyer . The 31-year-old Slovenian has been accused of direct involvement in a transnational criminal group said to be composed of individuals from Singapore and the Balkans which had been targeted by the "  Last Bet " investigation . Authorities said the group 's activities included influencing the results of Italian league matches during the 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 seasons . Investigations into this have targeted top clubs such as Napoli , and involved a raid on the Italy team headquarters ahead of Euro 2012 . "  This is exactly the type of result which can be achieved when police share information in real time and use Interpol 's global network to locate , identify and arrest suspects , " said the head of the worldwide policing agency , Ronald Noble . "  The arrest of this suspected match-fixer could not have been achieved without Italy and Singapore 's close cooperation with Interpol , nor without a great deal of behind-the-scenes work by prosecutors and magistrates . "  Those who doubted Singapore 's ability or commitment to fight match-fixing and bring those wanted for arrest to justice need to understand that Singapore acts when the evidence exists and is shared and when their laws permit . Singapore and Italy remain two of Interpol 's most active and effective member countries . " Interpol said Suljic was one of more than 500 fugitives wanted by 59 member countries as part of 2012 Operation Infra-Red -- which has so far led to 130 people being arrested or located . He is suspected of working for Singaporean businessman Tan Seet Eng , also known as Dan Tan , who is also wanted by Italian authorities . Italian police said Suljic had "  spent a long period of inaction in Singapore in close contact with other members of the group of this organization , including a well-known Singaporean citizen . " Meanwhile , Singapore police said Thursday that four senior officers will go to Interpol 's French headquarters in Lyon during the next fortnight to assist in match-fixing investigations . The force said it hoped to help build "  a concrete case " against the individuals and syndicates involved . "  The team aims to collect available information from these countries and seek their assistance to grant us access to evidence , witnesses and/or suspects whom they believe to be involved in the alleged match-fixing cases , " read a statement . "  The team will also be exploring avenues to offer our assistance and share available information we have with these affected countries . " Match-fixing has been described as a "  disease " afflicting football by the secretary general of world governing body FIFA . On Tuesday , Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua was stripped of its 2003 domestic league title and fined $ 160,000 after a crackdown against such activities . It was one of 12 clubs involved , along with 33 individuals . Four former China internationals and an ex-World Cup referee were banned for life , having been jailed a year ago for the same offenses . Interpol 's European equivalent Europol has also revealed that 380 matches on the continent are under investigation , including top-level Champions League games . The international players ' union FIFPro said in December that it is planning to launch an online match-fixing "  hotline " for its members . On Wednesday , the acting president of the Asian Football Confederation highlighted the need to eliminate match-fixing from the game . "  We need to admit that match-fixing is a real danger to football 's ethical values and needs to be eliminated to preserve the sanctity of the sport , " Zhang Jilong told delegates at the Interpol conference in Kuala Lumpur . "  Match-fixing is too complex and widespread for one organization to fight it alone . To fight this , we need a joint and coordinated effort . " Interpol official Dale Sheehan highlighted the social costs of match-fixing . "  Criminals can make millions in illicit profits from match-fixing with little risk of being detected and will exploit every opportunity , " he said at the conference . "  Sports and fair play are the very fabric of our society and youth , and the impact of match-fixing -- including murder , suicide , assault and threats -- has the ability to undermine that very fabric . "	Match-fixing suspect arrested at Milan 's Malpensa airport on Thursday Admir Suljic tells authorities that he is boarding a flight from Singapore Slovenian citizen had been on the run since December 2011 He is accused of being part of a syndicate which bet on Italian soccer matches
CNN  -- As a practicing Catholic all my life , my faith and the church are never far from my mind . The lessons I learned in the church have structured the way I 've approached my life and my career . They were lessons of grace , kindness , forgiveness and compassion . Under Pope Francis , we have seen a change at the Vatican that is reflective of the church I know and love . He approaches controversial doctrine or past wrongdoing with humility , understanding and faith in the goodness of mankind . He has served as a voice for the voiceless , and has been working to re-establish the church as a home for the homeless . The church is moving into a new era , where its leadership understands that what makes the church strongest is when it acknowledges , in Pope Francis ' words , "  We all make mistakes and we need to recognize our weaknesses . " The true potential that this new era holds is Pope Francis ' embrace of the lesson that how we forgive those mistakes and how we grow from those weaknesses is what defines us , and defines our faith . Pope Francis himself recently acknowledged that the church must grow and change , including in how it trains its clergy , lest the church find itself â $ " these are his words -- "  creating little monsters . " Recently , I saw "  Philomena , " a film that I believe illustrates the need for this new era , and the potential that it holds . Philomena 's story is a difficult one . She became pregnant out of wedlock at a young age and was taken in by nuns in Ireland who arranged for her son to be adopted by an American family . While she worked hard to pay her keep , she was only permitted to see him one hour a day . Then , at age 3 , he was gone -- adopted by an American family in an arrangement made by the nuns without Philomena 's input . Philomena was treated harshly by some of the nuns in whose charge she was left , the same ones who ensured she would never see her son againâ $ " though she never stopped loving him . The argument made by some of the film 's detractors is that the painful , yet accurate , portrayal of the nuns Philomena encountered is evidence that the film , its producers , and even Philomena Lee herself have an anti-Catholic bias and worse -- a vendetta against the Catholic Church and a political agenda . These nuns who kept Philomena from her son may very well have been examples of the "  little monsters " that Pope Francis fears . I viewed the film quite differently from these critics -- and instead saw in it the positive attributes of my Catholic upbringing , attributes that are increasingly at the forefront of religious discussion . Quite simply , I believe the lessons found in Philomena 's story are lessons that many of us hope to be the cornerstone of a new era of Catholicism under Pope Francis . At the heart of the film is not only Philomena 's journey to find her son , but also her journey to find forgiveness for the individuals who treated her with such cruelty , and the church that allowed them to do so . I , like Philomena , am a lifelong Catholic , and still regularly attend church . My faith is important to me , I love the church and believe it is an important force for good , both here in America and throughout the world . But that does n't mean I do n't have disagreements with some of its policies or leaders . On occasion , with issues such as same-sex marriage and contraception , I have found myself at odds with pieces of traditional church doctrine . But to be religious is not to never question or disagree . To love my church is to be able to question it when it does wrong , forgive it for its mistakes , and still have faith in it to do right . In Pope Francis , I see a leader who lives every day in the image of Jesus . Under his guidance , the church is focused once again on providing comfort , compassion and salvation for sinners , the poor and those who seek peace in an increasingly complex world . That 's my Catholicism . That 's Philomena 's Catholicism . That 's the Catholicism of millions who believe , even when they disagree . It 's not anti-Catholic to question , nor is it anti-Catholic to be honest about the previous shortcomings of the church , because that is the only way we can ensure its strength and dignity moving forward . It is , however , very Catholic to forgive each other , and to never stop loving each other . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Pope Francis has reoriented the church to stress humility , forgiveness She says critics who say the new film "  Philomena " is anti-Catholic are wrong Film tells story of woman 's effort to forgive people who treated her cruelly , she says Brazile : It 's not anti-Catholic to question or to talk about failings of the past
CNN  -- Authorities have identified both people who died after being swept away by fierce waves churned up by Hurricane Bill on the East Coast . Tourists watch waves crash ashore at Acadia National Park in Maine on Sunday . Clio Axlerod , 7 , of New York , died after a wave knocked her and six other people into the Atlantic at Maine 's Acadia National Park on Sunday , Park Chief Stuart West said . Of the other six who were swept from that park into the ocean , four made it back to shore on their own . Two -- Axlerod 's father , Peter Axlerod , 55 , and Simone Pelletier , 12 , of Belfast , Maine -- were rescued by the Coast Guard , he said . The victims were among several thousand people who were at the park late Sunday morning to watch the high waves that Bill -- then a Category 1 hurricane -- was producing . iReport.com : See photos shot before tragic wave incident The people knocked into the water were on a rock cliff about 20 feet above the sea , West said . A wave struck at about 11 : 50 a.m. , pushing water onto the ankles of some of the people standing on "  top of what we think would be a safe area , " West said . People started to turn back , but then they were hit by a larger wave , which sent the seven into the sea , West said . Some people were taken to a hospital with broken bones or other injuries , according to Sheridan Steele , the park 's superintendent . A witness , Mary Ellen Martel of Maine , said that before the seven were swept into the ocean , people were clapping and laughing when the wind would bring the spray over . "  It was a very festive atmosphere , " Martel said in a telephone interview . "  It was a warm , sunny day and everyone was just enjoying the show that Mother Nature was offering , but not everybody knows to stay away from the edge -- or way , away from the edge . " Martel , who had come to the park with her husband , said she feels "  pretty certain " she had been on the same ledge as some of the victims who were swept to shore . Martel had stood far enough back that the first wave did not affect her much , but when she saw the second coming , she turned her back to protect a camera she had . She was doused from her shoulders down , and she went for the road that led away from the area , she said . "  When I looked -LSB- back -RSB- , everybody was scrambling to get off the ledge , " she said . Angel Rosa , 54 , had come with family to Bethune Beach , one of Volusia County 's 40 miles of beaches , Petersohn said . Although lifeguards had warned people not to go in the water because the offshore wind built waves to between 10 and 13 feet tall , Petersohn said , he suspects that 's exactly why Rosa was in the water . "  I have a feeling he probably came over to body surf these huge waves , " he said . He added that such waves come along only every few years . Rosa entered the water Saturday afternoon with a group , but was separated from them , Petersohn said . His fellow swimmers reported Rosa missing , he said , and as rescue teams were mobilizing , beach patrol received an emergency call that a man had been dragged to shore a half-mile away . Petersohn said Rosa might have suffered some kind of trauma that contributed to his drowning . Emergency personnel treated three spinal injuries during the weekend , Petersohn said , as the tough waves slammed swimmers into the bottom . An autopsy report on Rosa is expected in coming days . "  It 's very unfortunate that this happened , and everyone feels terrible about it , but it 's not something I 'm surprised about , " Petersohn said . "  As big as the surf was , as treacherous as it was , it does n't surprise me . " Bill was downgraded to a tropical storm and then to an unnamed storm Monday as it headed into the northern Atlantic . The storm was expected to be in the British Isles by midweek , according to a forecast map from the National Hurricane Center . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	Girl who died after being swept into Atlantic Ocean off Maine identified Bill , a Category 1 hurricane Sunday , downgraded to unnamed storm Monday Two other people rescued after being swept into ocean Man died Saturday in surf off Florida
Editor 's note : Rachel Motte blogs at www.evangelicaloutpost.com and writes for Wheatstone Academy , a Christian educational program for high school students . She is a graduate of Biola University and the Torrey Honors Institute . Rachel Motte says Rush Limbaugh still can animate conservative popular opinion . CNN  -- It 's no secret that liberals throughout the nation are rejoicing at Rush Limbaugh 's supposed status as leader of the Republican Party . I can see why . He 's easy to pick on . His rhetoric is extreme , and his personal life has at times been less than picture-perfect . I 've heard some pundits refer to Vice President Joe Biden as "  the gift that keeps on giving . " I imagine the left feels the same way about Limbaugh . Rush was an integral part of my childhood . I must have been 6 or 7 when I started listening in the late 1980s . I remember that my parents and their friends found him refreshing , and I remember that he made them laugh . I memorized his song parodies and even tried to write a few of my own based on the events I heard him talk about . When I was 11 , I once spent several hours trying to call his show , redialing after every busy signal , over and over . I never got through . It 's probably just as well ; I think I had planned to try to talk him into running for president . I no longer think he 'd make a good president -- we 're all much better off when he sits behind the EIB microphone . Rush taught me a lot about personal responsibility , the value of freedom of speech and the love of country . At 26 , I 've outgrown many of my childhood habits , but I never outgrew Rush . Have conservatives outgrown him ? Is it time to distance ourselves by dismissing him as just "  an entertainer , " as Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele initially did before apologizing ? My friend John Mark Reynolds wrote recently that Rush is "  a shallow thinker " who will alienate today 's young adults rather than draw them in . He argued that Rush 's "  insider lingo " and harsh demeanor are problematic at a time when the Republican Party is losing the young adult vote . Is he right ? Has Rush Limbaugh outlived his usefulness to the conservative movement ? Should we take a cue from the Democrats ' glee and relegate El Rushbo to a back room like an aging and unpopular distant relative ? Not by a long shot . Rush does n't need to be removed as leader of the Republican Party , because he 's never held that position , much as Democrats would like you to think he has . He 's a vitally necessary part of the conservative movement , but he 's no one 's leader . Do n't give him more credit than he deserves , and do n't fall prey to the Democrats ' carefully planned attempts to inflate his authority . Steele learned the hard way a few days ago that the opposite extreme is also not true -- Rush is not a mere entertainer . One of his most important contributions to the conservative movement has been his ability to energize the base . This is particularly vital now given the recent election results . Someone has to keep the troops from giving up , and like it or not , for now that someone is Rush . It does n't really matter whether he 's a shallow thinker . What does matter is that he knows how to prod people into action . That 's all well and good , but is it sustainable ? What works for me and for the many other "  Rush babies " out there may not work for our younger siblings . Thanks to the Obama campaign , new activists are n't going to be as easily attracted by witty aphorisms and wordplays as previous demographics were . President Obama 's impressive rhetorical skills appeared to raise the level of public discourse during the campaign . As far as I can tell he did n't actually say anything new , but so many things sounded new when he said them . I do n't think he changed the content of the age-old feud between right and left , but he did change the style , providing a stark contrast to the admittedly strident tones of some on the right . That 's going to change the way young people all over will approach the political process ; after all , 66 percent of the 29-and-under crowd voted for Obama . Rush 's personal influence will decline because of this shift in rhetorical style , but we 're not yet at the point where it is unimportant . The current crop of college students may not call themselves "  dittoheads , " but their mentors and heroes within the movement still do , and that will continue to be significant for a while yet . Do we need leaders who can inspire the next generation of young conservatives ? Absolutely . Is Rush the best man for that job ? At this point , yes , though that will probably change in the next few years . One thing is likely -- the next big conservative leaders who do resonate well with the age group that favors Obama will cite Rush as a major influence . His work wo n't end with him . And that 's as it should be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Motte .	Rachel Motte says she grew up listening to Rush Limbaugh and became a big fan She says Limbaugh 's style still has great appeal to conservatives Motte : Obama has set a new bar for public discourse , winning over young voters Limbaugh may not appeal to the young as much , but he 's still relevant , Motte says
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors in California announced a series of actions Friday targeting what they characterized as the "  large , for-profit marijuana industry " that has developed since the state legalized medical marijuana for select patients 15 years ago . Four U.S. attorneys -- Benjamin Wanger , Andre Birotte Jr. , Laura Duffy and Melinda Haag -- detailed in a joint press release and later press conference in Sacramento some steps that have been taken in conjunction with federal law enforcement and local officials in California . They include letters of warning to landlords and lien holders of places in which marijuana is being sold illegally , "  civil forfeiture lawsuits against properties involved in drug trafficking activity " and numerous criminal cases . The latter refers to arrests in recent weeks related to cases filed in federal courts in Los Angeles , San Diego , Sacramento and Fresno , all part of an effort that Wagner claimed has resulted in the seizure of hundreds of pounds of marijuana , tens of thousands of plants and hundreds of thousands in cash . "  The actions taken today in California ... are consistent with the  Justice  Department 's commitment to enforcing existing federal laws , including the Controlled Substances Act , in all states , " U.S. Deputy Attorney General James Cole said in a news release . In 1996 , California voters approved Proposition 215 to exempt doctors and seriously ill patients from marijuana laws and allow them to grow and use it in treatment . The bill did n't legalize marijuana for all , but it did lead to the emergence of hundreds of dispensaries where people -- legally only those with medical conditions and a doctor 's authorization -- could get the drug . Wagner , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of California , told reporters Friday that federal authorities "  are not focused on backyard grows with small amounts of marijuana by seriously ill people . We are targeting commercial operations , which profit from growing and distributing ... and often use the trappings of state law for cover , but in fact are abusing state law . " Haag , U.S. attorney for California 's northern district , claimed that "  profiteers ... motivated not by compassion , but by money " had "  hijacked " the intent of voters to help those suffering from debilitating conditions . And Birotte , from California 's central district , said a chief problem lies in operations that make money not by selling marijuana to the sick , but to relatively healthy people . "  Marijuana sales most often to citizens who have obtained sham doctor 's recommendations solely for the purpose of recreational use are the basis of a massive , massive commercial industry , " Birotte said . But Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the advocacy group NORML , which opposes marijuana bans and penalties , told CNN on Friday that targeting those who grow or sell medical marijuana is unsound public policy , especially given what he called widespread public support for the practice . "  What today 's actions did , if nothing else , is to reinforce the terrific disconnect between the federal government and not only the general population , but the 16 states and the District of Columbia that have chosen to get away from the prohibition of medical marijuana , " said St. Pierre . Federal prosecutors on Friday referred to several "  recently unsealed " criminal cases related to their effort . One alleged that two people in San Fernando Valley used encrypted phones to coordinate sales of marijuana to locales as far away as New York , netting $ 194,000 each in profits monthly . And six defendants out of San Diego face a 77-count indictment for allegedly running "  a wide-ranging conspiracy that included numerous marijuana sales to underaged persons . " Wagner claimed that people , "  often with criminal records , are coming to California to set up marijuana operations taking advantage of the lax enforcement environment in this state . " He also said that investigators "  learned that huge amounts of marijuana " are being flown out of California and sold for "  huge amounts of money . " Authorities said that they also sent out "  dozens of letters " in recent days to those who own and hold liens on properties where commercial marijuana is grown and sold . In some cases , that has included a threat that the properties could be lost and any funds derived from them -- such as via rent payments -- could be lost . Wagner disputed recent reports claiming that letters went to owners of every property that serves as a marijuana dispensary . But he said that all should be "  on notice " that their property could be seized under federal law . "  Our objective is not to forfeit the properties , but to stop illegal activity , " said Wagner . "  But if we have to ... we will . " In addition , prosecutors this week filed seven civil forfeiture complaints against landlords they claim knowingly allowed marijuana stores to operate . One such complaint , according to the prosecutors ' joint release , alleged that eight of 11 second-floor suites in one Orange County strip mall were used for such a purpose . St. Pierre said one open question is whether what 's happened in California signals that federal authorities will proceed to other states with the intent of cracking down on any who grow or sell medical marijuana . He argued that some industry and dispensary model was needed , saying it was n't realistic to force sick people to grow their own marijuana or to limit the places where they can get it . "  Allowing self-preservation is a truly half-baked loaf , in that it does n't acknowledge that truly sick , dying people  might be led to  go out and buy illegal marijuana on the street , " he said . This would be inferior , he claimed , to "  a system that most of us are much more familiar with , where you can go lawfully to a retail outlet and purchase exactly what you can lawfully possess . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. attorney says some take "  advantage of  a  laxed enforcement environment " NEW : Another U.S. attorney claims "  profiteers " "  hijacked " the state 's medical marijuana law An advocate says there 's a "  terrific disconnect " between the feds and public on marijuana Steps taken in recent weeks include civil forfeiture lawsuits , warning letters and arrests
CNN  -- The defeat of French President Nicholas Sarkozy at the hands of Francois Hollande has the potential to greatly affect European politics and the future of the euro , as many have noted . But the election of the first French Socialist president since 1995 also could dramatically change France 's role in the world , at a particularly sensitive time . No doubt both sides of the Atlantic will keep a close eye on the rhetoric and actions of the new French leader in the days ahead . Almost from the outset , Hollande will be in the international spotlight , with the G-8 meeting at Camp David , Maryland , and the NATO Summit in Chicago less than two weeks away , and a G-20 meeting scheduled for June in Mexico City . The NATO alliance faces a complex transition in Afghanistan . The international community is dealing with an increasingly untenable situation in Syria and may soon have to contemplate military action . And while the nuclear crisis with Iran is at an ebb , it is by no means over . There are already strong signals that a Hollande administration will bring more change than continuity . Sarkozy , while not a Gaullist , sought to restore French national pride based on France 's role as a leader in the international community . His efforts were most notable in his participation in the NATO operations in Libya . Hollande will inherit record debt of just over $ 2 trillion and a jobless rate hovering around 10 % . It is unclear what price the French defense establishment will have to pay to meet the president-elect 's desire to balance the budget by 2017 , but with the Ministry of Defense in the midst of an internal review , French military policy will likely see changes driven by Hollande and his team . Hollande 's advisers have stated that the new leader is likely to announce an accelerated timetable for French withdrawal from Afghanistan that could bring all French troops home by the end of this year . While the operational impact of the early removal of all 3,300 French troops could be addressed with some effort , there may be greater political fallout from the French rejection of the principle of "  in together , out together , " especially given the lack of public support for the Afghan mission throughout Europe . The president-elect 's advisers have also claimed the new leader has reservations about Sarkozy 's support of increased participation in NATO , specifically the French decision to rejoin NATO 's military command structure . Jean-Yves Le Drian , a key adviser to Hollande and a potential defense minister , is reported to have said that Hollande would demand a greater decision-making role for France within NATO . But France can not , of course , have its cake and eat it too . French participation in both Afghanistan and Libya has been significant -- but equivocation regarding NATO commitments will make requests for increased authority ring hollow to other alliance members . Rather , if France is to have a greater say , then Hollande must be willing to put alliance interests ahead of national interests from time to time . Still , Hollande has also intimated that he could take a more pragmatic approach and understands that French actions could have practical and symbolic impacts that might detract from French standing in the world . He is a career politician and no doubt understands the downside of placing France at odds with its allies unnecessarily at a time when concerted action by the trans-Atlantic powers on economic and security issues could not be more important . Indeed , President-elect Hollande 's advisers say his No. 1 foreign policy priority will be helping to revive Europe 's economy . No doubt , the economy will be the driving issue during the U.S. general election , and political pundits will be considering whether the Sarkozy defeat holds lessons for voters who will go to the polls this autumn . Just as in France , there is no shortage of voter anger with incumbents , and the low approval rating for Congress suggests we may see new faces on Capitol Hill in January . Likewise , the United States faces important policy challenges on health care , immigration , and of course taxation and spending . But beyond that , the dynamics of French and American politics part ways . Indeed , for the United States it will largely be the Hollande policy agenda that matters more -- not the political circumstances under which he gained office . In a world rife with instability and faced with a fragile economic recovery , there will remain an imperative for effective alliances , forward-looking foreign policy , and strong and internationally respected leadership . Hollande may wish to be a leader singularly focused on French and European economic needs , but success in these matters may rest on his initial ability not only to find a balance between politics and policy , but to demonstrate that he can work effectively with his fellow world leaders . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark R. Jacobson .	Mark Jacobson : Election of Francois Hollande has global implications He says new French president could accelerate withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan Jacobson : France , which played leading role in Libya , could affect Syria and Iran policy Hollande 's success may rest on his ability to work with leaders of other nations , he says
