BAGHDAD  CNN  -- Three Iraq boys were killed in an airstrike in eastern Baghdad on Saturday as they were sifting through trash , looking for stuff to sell , said a 10-year-old boy wounded in the attack . Ambulances sit damaged after a U.S. attack Saturday near Baghdad 's Al-Sadr Hospital . "  I was hit by an American helicopter , " Ahmed Yahya said . "  I was with a group of about 10 children who were collecting empty soft drink cans in Jamila . We have n't done anything . " U.S. military officials confirmed firing two Hellfire missiles at a rooftop in the vicinity about the same time that the boy said the attack took place . However , they say the only damage U.S. forces saw was to the rooftop . Another boy said his brother died in the attack . Dr. Jawad al-Mousawi , chief doctor at Imam Ali hospital in Sadr City , said the hospital received the bodies of three boys and a wounded boy about 2 p.m. . He said the hospital saw three other fatalities and treated 23 wounded people from airstrikes and fighting across the city . An ambulance driver at the hospital said it took three hours to transport the boys because of fighting in the area . Elsewhere in Baghdad , U.S. soldiers killed five suspected militants and detained 24 others in fighting Friday and Saturday in the city 's southern Rashid district . Earlier Saturday at least 28 people were wounded in a U.S. attack on a building near a hospital in Baghdad 's sprawling Sadr City area , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Employees of al-Sadr Hospital were among the wounded , and the facility 's property sustained damage , including to some ambulances , the official said . In a statement , the U.S. military said the strike targeted "  known criminal elements . " "  We did hit the target , which was a criminal command and control center , which was near a hospital , " the military said , adding that it was assessing damages . Watch scenes of damage near the hospital " The Interior Ministry official called the attack an airstrike , but the U.S. military said it was a guided multiple-launch rocket system strike . These guided rockets are launched from armored vehicles . Al-Sadr Hospital is one of the two main medical facilities in the district , where Iraqi and U.S. troops have been battling Shiite militias loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . The strike left a large hole in the ground near the hospital , video footage showed . Chunks of concrete and other rubble covered the ground , and car windows were shattered . The southern portion of Sadr City has been walled off so that U.S. military and Iraqi security forces can control movements there . Other developments • Four U.S. Marines were killed Saturday when their vehicle struck a roadside bomb in Iraq 's al Anbar Province , the military said . Their names were withheld pending notification of their families . • Turkey 's military said Saturday that it had killed more than 150 Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq in an operation that ended early Friday , according to a statement on the military 's Web site . Turkey has been staging attacks against rebels with the PKK , or Kurdistan Workers ' Party , in the Qandil Mountain region in northern Iraq . A PKK official said Friday there were no party casualties . • A roadside bomb exploded Saturday at a traffic patrol in the western part of Baghdad , killing an Iraqi traffic police officer and wounding eight others , including six traffic police officers , a ministry official said . • Overnight , six people were killed and 25 were wounded in Sadr City , the Interior Ministry said . The U.S. military said it killed six "  criminals . " On Friday , U.S. forces killed eight suspected militants during 10 hours of fighting in the Shiite neighborhood , a military statement said . • A U.S. soldier on combat patrol in eastern Baghdad was killed Friday when a roadside bomb struck the soldier 's vehicle , the military said . The number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq war stands at 4,066 , including eight Defense Department contractors . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Boys were among a group sifting through trash looking for stuff to sell Guided rockets hit target of "  known criminal elements , " U.S. says Turkish military says it killed 150 Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq At least 28 people wounded in U.S. attack near hospital , Iraqi says
Kiki Sarakinou does n't think the Greeks owe their European peers anything . "  Whoever lent us money , we do n't owe them anything , " she says . "  They owe us . " Because , she says , Greece gave Europe culture , thinkers like Aristotle , Socrates , "  all the philosophers and mathematicians . " Despite that , Sarakinou will vote for New Democracy , the pro-austerity party in this weekend 's elections . "  Because there is no option , " she says . She is afraid of a return to the drachma -- the currency Greece had before it entered the euro -- the specter of which looms large over the vote . "  It would be chaos if we went back to the drachma . " Sarakinou is sitting outside Cafe Peros , a resplendent figure enjoying the country 's cafe culture in Kolonaki , one of Athens ' most affluent areas . What do Greek elections mean ? Sarakinou could be seen as one of the lucky ones . Her husband , a lawyer , has passed away but she is able to support herself independently . Yet "  every day is disappointing , " she says . " -LSB- The country -RSB- has just collapsed . " She calls the situation "  very sad , -LSB- and -RSB- bad . " The country must take an "  honest fight " to corruption to bring itself out of the crisis , she says . Kolonaki is populated by the city 's elite . It is a place where businessmen , politicians and actors gather to chew over the country 's political and economic crisis with cigars , espressos and cold beer . Its wealthy clientele has ensured it is slightly shielded from the crisis , and the square remains buzzing with families , businessmen and the elderly , relaxing into the hot Athens evening . Yet the area is far from immune . Restaurant manager Dimitris Konstantopoulos says business has dropped by half since last year , and numbers of staff have been cut from 60 to 29 . Human cost of Greece 's crisis This time last year the square would have been full , Konstantopoulos says , because "  it is the best area in the Mediterranean . " But nowadays , people are staying at home , he says ; they have no money . "  This is a problem . " Just down the road , past Athens ' central Syntagma Square , the focus of anti-austerity protests over the past two years , is Psiri , an edgy area which was known as the "  Soho " of the city before the crisis hit . Here , restaurant worker Mario Makris simply drops his thumb down when asked how business is . "  Business has dropped by over 60 % , " he says . But Makris says he will vote for New Democracy , because a swing to the left -- which has enjoyed as surge of support on the back of Greeks ' despair after almost three years of austerity -- would take the country to hell , he says . Austerity drives up suicide rate Restaurant owner Paul Papageorgiou says the area has changed , but he blames immigrants -- another ferociously debated topic on Greek streets -- for the country 's problems , rather than the financial crisis . His family has spent decades here , and he has seen it slump from its vibrant years in the early 1990s to an area he says now suffers from crime and is home to drug dealers . On Sunday , Papageorgiou says , he will vote for extreme right wing party Golden Dawn , one of several fringe parties to benefit from voters ' dissatisfaction with traditional political groups in the last election . Greek citizens -- and the rest of the world -- will have to wait and see if those same extremist parties will play a key role in the country 's political future , be it inside or outside the euro .	Greece is voting in its second election in six weeks The first poll was inconclusive , and talks later failed to deliver a government In both upscale and edgy cafe hubs of Greece 's capital , Athens , business is down Greeks want to stay in the euro , but say austerity measures have made life tough
EW.com  -- AMC has canceled "  The Killing " after two seasons , but the rainy murder mystery could live on at another network . A statement from the network read : "  After much deliberation , we 've come to the difficult decision not to renew ` The Killing ' for a third season . AMC is incredibly proud of the show and is fortunate to have worked with such a talented team on this project , from showrunner Veena Sud and our terrific partners at Fox Television Studios to the talented , dedicated crew and exceptional cast . " Fox Television Studios quickly sent out a statement saying the studio plans to shop the drama series to other networks : "  Fox Television Studios is extremely proud of ` The Killing , ' the extraordinary writing staff and crew , and what we believe is one of the best casts on television . We will proceed to try to find another home for the show . " "  The Killing " has been one of AMC 's few missteps in an otherwise remarkable plunge into scripted television during the last several years . The show premiered last year to 2.7 million viewers and plenty of fan and critic excitement . But in a move that will likely be used as a real-time lesson in serialized series management for years to come , AMC and Sud managed to infuriate fans by declining to solve a mystery that viewers felt they had been led to believe would be cleared up by the end of the first season . When season 2 debuted in April , ratings dropped 33 % to 1.8 million viewers . The audience continued to ebb until the finale , which garnered 1.4 million viewers and finally revealed who killed teen murder victim Rosie Larsen . With the ratings showing a clear downward trajectory , and having established across two seasons that the Larsen murder is the driving force of the show , cancellation seemed very likely . The lesson ? Do n't take viewers for granted . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	AMC has canceled "  The Killing " after two seasons Fox Television Studios plans to shop the series to other networks The drama 's audience has continued to ebb ; the finale garnered 1.4 million viewers
CNN  -- Jason Dinant has the opposite problem of most Americans -- he has flat abs . Jason Dinant 's New Year 's resolution is to shape up his abs from flat to muscular . Standing 6-feet , Dinant has a beanpole leanness many Americans covet . The 27-year-old 's ribs protrude from his chest , but he has some fat collecting in his stomach . "  I do n't have that much body fat , but it tends to stick right here in my stomach , " he said pinching his belly . "  My goal is to get a six-pack by summer , " Dinant declared in a video he submitted to iReport.com . Dinant often peels off his shirt and gives what he calls "  the naked truth about today 's news " in Web videos he posts on his blog called "  Naked Boy News . " Watch Dinant 's video . "  I give reports without a shirt on , so I should have the best body , " he said . "  Who wants to see a guy with skinny arms and no abs ? " CNNhealth.com recently asked viewers to talk about their New Year 's resolutions on iReport.com and to upload photos and videos during their journey to change . Share your story with iReport.com . Dinant works in sales during the day and has a night job as an emcee at a Las Vegas , Nevada , night club , where he is surrounded by toned and fit dancers . "  There are go-go boys and girls with killer stomachs , " Dinant said . "  I get up on the stage , I do n't take my shirt off . I 'm nervous about my stomach . " He does n't mind going topless on his videos , but he gets self-conscious in person . With his high school reunion fast approaching this summer , Dinant wants to tone up in the next six months and develop chiseled abs like Shemar Moore of TV 's "  Criminal Minds " or Ty Pennington , host of "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition . " Until recently , the extent of Dinant 's exercise has been walking up the stairs and parking his car far away from stores . Now Dinant works out four times a week in a gym inside his apartment complex , cycling on a stationary bike , using weights on his upper body and doing 500 sit-ups a day . A televised Britney Spears interview gave him the idea for the sit-ups routine . "  I heard her saying that she 'd do 1,000 sit-ups a day , " Dinant said . "  She had amazing abs . If she can do it , I can do it . " But the sit-ups get old , Dinant said . To distract himself , he watches TV shows such as "  The Bachelor " while crunching , or he thinks of games  "  Every time you do sit-up , you name an Osmond child "  to pass the time . Contrary to popular opinion , traditional sit-ups are n't the most effective way to get a six-pack , said Robert Dothard , a personal trainer based in Atlanta , Georgia . "  Crunches are great to flatten the stomach , " he said . "  For men , we have to put abs under weight resistance to make them stick out . " The ab segments that make up a six-pack exist under layers of fat and skin . To make the six-pack more pronounced , a person has to exercise and lose the excess fat so those muscles are visible . That comes through cardio exercises . To make those stomach muscles bigger , "  abs have to be put under resistance , " Dothard said . Those muscles need weight training to become bigger and more prominent . He recommended doing sit-ups on a stability ball while holding a medicine ball over the head and crunching . Using a resistance band anchored around a stationary bar while performing side-to-side twists also creates resistance , he said . Dothard demonstrated these moves on a video . Watch Dothard 's fitness demonstrations . " Someone with a svelte frame such as Dinant 's may not look as if he or she needs to exercise , but appearances can be deceiving . "  People can be lean , but still carry a lot of fat , " Dothard said . Research suggests that it 's wise for even lean people to lose the belly fat . Even with a normal body mass index , people can carry extra weight in their stomachs , which increases the risk for cardiovascular disease . Those with belly fat have a higher risk of dying compared to their peers without it . But , Dinant 's reasons for wanting a taut stomach remain purely aesthetic . "  I have my 10-year high school reunion coming up , " Dinant said . "  I want to go back and be like , ` Bam . Look at me . ' "	An iReporter with flat abs sets his goals this year for a six-pack Jason Dinant is doing 500 sit-ups , cardio and weights Fitness trainer says sit-ups are n't sufficient , recommends weight resistance Share your journey to change with iReport
Some of CNN 's social media accounts and blogs were compromised Thursday . The affected accounts included CNN 's main Facebook account , CNN Politics ' Facebook account and the Twitter pages for CNN and CNN 's Security Clearance . Blogs for Political Ticker , The Lead , Security Clearance , The Situation Room and Crossfire were also hacked . The posts were deleted within minutes and the accounts have since been secured . Some of the posts claimed that the Syrian Electronic Army , a group of pro-Syrian regime hackers that has aggressively targeted major news organizations and activists , was responsible . "  Syrian Electronic Army Was Here ... Stop lying ... All your reports are fake ! " one of the posts on CNN 's Twitter account said . Another post Thursday night on a Twitter account purportedly tied to the group said it was retaliating for "  viciously lying reporting aimed at prolonging the suffering in Syria . " Last year the Syrian Electronic Army claimed credit for a 20-hour-long outage of the New York Times website . The group also claims to have hacked other major American and British news organizations , as well as Columbia University and rights group Human Rights Watch .	CNN 's main Facebook account and Twitter page were among those compromised Several CNN blogs were also affected The posts were deleted within minutes and the accounts have been secured Some posts claimed the Syrian Electronic Army was responsible
African Voices is a weekly show that highlights Africa 's most engaging personalities , exploring the lives and passions of people who rarely open themselves up to the camera . Follow the team on Twitter . LondonWhen it comes to getting ready for a show , fast-rising South African comedian Trevor Noah has it all figured out . "  My ideal setting is I walk from the streets , backstage and straight onto the stage , " says Noah , who last year became the first African comedian to perform on Jay Leno 's The Tonight Show in the United States . "  Two minutes and I am on the stage . That way in my head I have gone from my world and then into a social setting with my friends . I want my audience to be my friends -- that is when they will get the best comedy . If they see me as a performer , they wo n't get the best show . " At just 28 years old , Noah is already a big name in his country 's fledgling standup scene , as well as a cover star for Rolling Stone South Africa . But despite treating the audience as friends , he 's not afraid of provocative subject matter , with his latest show called "  The Racist . " Watch Trevor Noah 's standup The son of a black South African woman and a white Swiss man who met when interracial relationships were illegal in South Africa , Noah jokes that he was "  born a crime . " On stage , he draws upon his particular life experiences to tackle thorny issues with his funny , and sometimes trenchant , punchlines . "  My mom would be arrested , she would be fined and still she was like ` ooh , I do n't care , I want a white man , ooh , ' " he tells a laughing audience gathered in London 's Soho Theater . "  And my dad was also like , well , you know how the Swiss love chocolate . " Noah 's mixed-race heritage defines his routine . Race and ethnicity are leading themes in his standup , echoing his life while growing up in Soweto during the apartheid years and being labeled mixed race . "  In the streets my father could n't walk with us -- he would walk on the other side of the road and wave at me -- like a creepy pedophile , " he tells the Soho Theater crowd . "  And my mom could walk with me but every time the police went by she would drop me -- I felt like a bag of weed . " Last year , British comedy supremo Eddie Izzard took Noah to perform at the Edinburgh Fringe , the biggest arts festival in the world . Noah 's performance was one of the festival 's talking points , enabling the comedian to return later to the UK and perform "  The Racist " to a wider audience . For his UK tour , Noah tailored his standup for an international crowd . He says that South Africa had been living on a high during the years immediately following apartheid , but now that the "  honeymoon period is over " many of the country 's problems have re-appeared . "  A lot of racial tension has resurfaced but it is not that it was gone , " he says . "  It 's just that because we were having so much fun we did n't have enough time to pay attention to it and now because there is nothing , we realize there is still a lot of racial tension in the country . "  That is why in my -LSB- South African -RSB- show ` That 's Racist , ' I just love to talk about that . I believe if you want to talk about it , it is so much easier instead of acting like it 's not there . " Noah says he does n't write down any of his material . Instead , he prepares his routine by "  living life " and evolving the stories that are of interest to him . "  I like to forge the story in my head , " he says . "  Most of my show is true , like 90 % of everything I say on stage is true , I just have to find the way to make it funny , that 's the difficult thing . " Noah 's quick rise to success was documented in "  You Laugh But It 's True , " a film chronicling the days leading up to Noah 's first one-man show in Johannesburg , in 2009 . Working to raise his international profile , Noah lived in the United States for a year , where he also made his successful appearance on the hugely popular The Tonight Show . "  That was a big moment , " remembers Noah . "  But I think bigger than just being on The Tonight Show for me I was proud to say that I 'm the first African that 's on The Tonight Show , the first African comedian performing , a live performer doing the thing which people had n't seen . It was so nice to say that look , this is possible . " He returned to South Africa last June , where he uses his American experience to enhance his act . "  Comedy is really getting quite popular in South Africa , " says Noah . "  It 's moving from the bastard child of entertainment into the mainstream , which is very good . I think the reason it 's doing so well is because South Africans need to laugh and South Africans want to laugh . "  We have a lot of stories to share , we have a lot to learn about each other because we were separated for so long , so now we 're trying to understand who we are and who everyone around us is as well . Comedy is a great tool for that because if you laugh with people you start to understand that you share more with them than you thought did initially and you learn about them as well . "	South African comedian Trevor Noah is the first African comic to appear on The Tonight Show Noah 's mixed-race heritage defines his humor Race and ethnicity are leading themes in his standup
A wise man once said , "  I 'm not wearing pants today . " Mind you , this wise man was me . And he was n't particularly wise . Or manly . Nevertheless , if you 're a long-time reader of this column -- or if you just heard about my recent "  produce aisle incident " in the local news -- you know that I do n't particularly care for wearing pants . But , alas , life often requires such things . Especially at work . Unless , of course , you enjoy filling your Outlook calendar with frequent visits to HR . I can draw you a map of the ninth floor from memory . Fortunately , however , a couple weeks ago , while wasting time on the Interwebs and avoiding any actual career accomplishments , I stumbled upon a possible compromise : Betabrand Dress Pant Sweatpants . They 're just what they sound like . Dress pants ... that are actually sweatpants . "  Betabrand , you had my curiosity . But now you have my attention . " When they finally arrived in the mail , upon first glance , my Dress Pant Sweatpants seemed to be the real deal . They looked good and they felt good -- pretty much as advertised . They 're kind of pricy at $ 100 , but I was amazed . Chris Lindland , founder and CEO of Betabrand , explained to me that these are n't your everyday sweatpants . "  We found a French terry fabric that looks like classic charcoal wool , " he says . "  A designer suggested that we make classic dress pants -- but a whole lot more comfortable . " Thus , on Monday , I literally walked into the office wearing sweatpants . "  Look at you in your slacks . " That 's what my startled co-worker Nick said when he strolled past my cubicle , likely assuming that I either had a job interview or another "  workplace decency meeting " on the 9th floor . A little while later , Rick stopped by . "  You 're all dressed up today . " Again with the praise . Now , I 'm not sure if this says more about me and the fact that I normally look like a homeless man , or more about the pants , but the fact remains that I was basically wearing what I slept in , yet somehow getting mega compliments . From dudes . Guys do n't normally notice each other 's pants , so clearly we had breached some sort of man dam . And when I started soliciting opinions from ladies in the office , it was the same thing . Everyone thought I looked really clean . And nice . And less woke-up-in-a-gutter-y . So , the pants work . From both near and far , they look just like regular trousers , what with pockets and belt loops and that second , inside waist button that lets you know you 're bein ' all fancy-like . My only real complaint was that they were a bit warm . Not terrible . But definitely warm . I 'm told a lighter pair is being developed for the spring and summer . But I was fine , and at one point in the day , I sat down with a female co-worker to further explore the Betabrand website . You know , a little clothes shopping . What could possibly go wrong ? Aaaaaand that 's when we stumbled upon this word : Vagisoft . Apparently , this company also sells something called Vajamas , and this was the adjective used to describe their unique level of fluffiness . Vagisoft . "  We invented a quantum world of softness , " Lindland explained . "  Where a Soft-o-Meter can measure and compare the suppleness of things like freshly laundered bunnies and the cotton fields of heaven . We simply abide by what the Soft-o-Meter tells us . " I have no idea what this means , but on their website there really is a Soft-o-Meter image to confirm that , yes , these unisex Vajama pajama pants are softer than "  the anus of a silkworm , " yet not quite as soft as "  the womb of a marshmallow mermaid . " So , just what kind of retailer is this ? Launched in the fall of 2010 , Betabrand is actually a crowdfunding clothing company where all designs start in their online public "  Think Tank . " "  This is where we post sketches and get feedback from customers , " Lindland says . "  The most popular products are turned into prototypes , which our customers then crowdfund into existence . " It takes about two to three months for a new design to go from the funding stage to actually being in stock . "  If people fund 'em , we make 'em . " Ultimately , their goal is to release new products every day , from ultra-practical bike-to-work attire to reversible smoking jackets to shiny disco outfits . If the people want it , the people get it . So , now I have Dress Pant Sweatpants , which are pretty much the next best thing to going sans pants altogether . And they 're safe for the produce aisle . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Betabrand is a crowd-funded clothing company online Dress Pant Sweatpants are made to look professional , but feel comfy Among their other products is a line of clothing described as "  vagisoft "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan made sure she made it to the Los Angeles morgue early Friday for her first day of court-ordered community service . "  We can confirm she came in well before her appointed time , between 6 and 6:30 this morning , " Los Angeles County Coroner Assistant Chief Ed Winter said Friday . Thursday was suppose to be Lohan 's first day of work as a morgue janitor , but she was sent away after showing up late for the morning 's orientation . Publicist Steven Honig blamed her tardiness on "  a combination of not knowing what entrance to go through and confusion caused by the media waiting for her arrival . " As part of her sentence for a necklace theft conviction , Lohan was ordered to work 120 hours at the county morgue after she completed 360 hours of community service at the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center , but she was booted from that program for missing too many appointments . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner ruled Wednesday that Lohan had violated her probation . Lohan posted $ 100,000 bail for her probation revocation , but Sautner ordered her to perform two working shifts -- or eight hours a day -- twice a week at the morgue until her probation revocation hearing November 2 . "  Her duties will include general janitorial work like vaccuuming , taking trash out and cleaning bathrooms , " Winter said . Lohan , 25 , was on probation after pleading guilty in May to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . She served five weeks of home confinement ending in June for that misdemeanor theft and violation of another probation . Lohan 's legal woes began in 2007 with two drunken driving arrests , and they 've been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes and her failures of alcohol and drug tests . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Lindsay Lohan arrives early for community service , a day after showing up late The actress will perform janitorial work at the Los Angeles morgue twice a week Her community service stems from a necklace theft conviction Lohan has a probation violation hearing on November 2
CNN  We devote one day of every year to celebrating our presidents and the other 364 to complaining about them . But what if this year , on Presidents Day , we realize something else : We have an unhealthy obsession with presidents as the sole movers of American politics . For too long , Americans have understood history primarily through the lens of the presidency . School textbooks and media accounts all suggest that everything that is good and bad can be understood as the result of a president 's skill , personal foibles and decision-making ability . If only President Bill Clinton , who critics called "  Slick Willie , " was n't so willing to sell out traditional Democratic principles ! If only President George W. Bush had a better understanding of the complexity of foreign affairs ! If only President Barack Obama would be more willing to wheel and deal on Capitol Hill ! Lyndon Johnson is the prime example of a president who has received both kinds of treatment , the person whose legendary political skill is held responsible for the Great Society and the villain who single-handedly dragged the nation into the quagmire of Vietnam . It is understandable why we focus so much attention on the president . After all , the president is powerful . Just as important , there is a simplicity to the presidency -- he is a single person , elected every four to eight years , and through his story , we can tell a clear narrative about the complicated processes of politics . There is a dramatic arc that can be used to describe the career of a president that serves as a crutch for many journalists and historians , lending itself to more exciting accounts of what happens in Washington than someone who digs deeper into the trenches of the messy political process . But presidents do n't act in a vacuum . On Presidents Day , we should spend some time thinking the huge range of factors that affect the success or failure of the commander in chief . Congress is among the most important . As anyone who has served in the White House knows , the House and Senate have immense influence over what a president can do and how they go about doing it . The moments when there have been the greatest legislative breakthroughs , such as the New Deal or the Great Society , have come at times when the presidents were fortunate to find legislative majorities that were willing and able to push through big policy agendas . Without congressional support , that has been hard to do . When the forces of obstruction are strong , even the savviest president -- such as Franklin Roosevelt after the 1938 elections or LBJ after the 1966 midterms -- ca n't do much to make Washington work . The electorate plays a huge role in giving presidents the kind of Congress that they need or taking that kind of Congress away . Although Americans are often cynical about the differences that elections can make , the truth is that big landslide elections , when voters make a statement at the ballot box , have been able to create sizable majorities favoring a president 's agenda . Other elections , usually midterms , can strengthen the president 's opponents . President Obama thrived after the 2008 election , when strong and impassioned Democratic majorities , feeling the momentum of the historic election , moved as series of landmark bills that included health care , financial regulation and an economic stimulus . Grassroots activists also have a big influence on the outcome of a presidency . The moments when there have been significant shifts in public opinion about certain political issues have often revolved around the hard work of grassroots activists , upon whom a president can rely . During the 1930s , the vibrant and growing union movement offered the foundation for FDR when he pushed for many of his programs , including the Wagner Act of 1935 that created the National Labor Relations Board and legitimated unions . Public opinion in the 1960s shifted to the side of civil rights because of the intense mobilization of movement activists . During the 1980s , Ronald Reagan 's message resonated with the electorate in large part as a result of how the conservative movement had helped shift public opinion over the decade . At other times , grassroots movements can create great problems for a president . This was the case when the anti-war movement gradually strengthened public opposition to Vietnam , causing huge problems for Presidents Johnson and Richard Nixon . Even the national security policies of a given period are not all the result of what a president does or does not do . The reality is that presidents operate within a thick institutional environment inhabited by military officials , defense contractors and bureaucrats who play a big role in creating boundaries for the options that a president can employ . Presidents are also profoundly affected on foreign policy by what they inherit . President Johnson had to deal with Vietnam , an area where Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy had already staked out a role for the United States . Most recently , President Obama has found it difficult to shift course on of the majority of President Bush 's counterterrorism programs and on his expansive vision of the president 's wartime authority . Once policies are in place , presidents often have to respond to them rather than shape new directions . Political interests and sentiment also grow around existing policies that make it hard for presidents to fundamentally change them . Finally , there is the political process . If we do n't look at the rules of the game , our stories about given political periods are thin . For the 1930s to the 1960s , it is impossible to understand American politics if one does not deal with the immense power of committee chairmen within Congress , upon whose authority legislative power depended . Today , the influence of private money , donors and lobbyists helps explain as much as anything President Obama does in the outcome of many policies , such as the decision to pass financial regulation legislation at the height of the economic crisis that was written in a way that provided multiple opportunities for Wall Street firms to circumvent the laws . None of this is to say that presidents are not extraordinarily powerful and important . But we need to do a better job putting presidents into context , celebrating them and criticizing them with a full understanding of the constraints that they face and the factors upon which they depend . If we do n't , we 'll continue to have unrealistic expectations about what the next president will do , and will surely be disillusioned , as we miss what exactly it has taken for the great presidents to succeed .	Julian Zelizer : America tends to exaggerate the impact of its presidents On Presidents Day , remember that there are many other people who can make a president succeed or fail , he says
Londonderry , New Hampshire  CNN  -- A new CNN/ORC poll shows a statistical dead heat between New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and her GOP opponent Scott Brown , with Shaheen at 49 % , Brown at 47 % , and a margin of error of plus-or-minus 4 % . Perhaps even more telling is another politician 's approval rating , and he 's not even in the Granite State . President Barack Obama has only a 39 % approval rating in New Hampshire , the new poll shows . Fifty-seven percent of voters say they disapprove of the way he is handling his job . That 's a far fall for a president who beat his Republican opponents here in the Granite State overwhelmingly in both 2008 and just two years ago in 2012 . And that 's part of the problem . Brown and his supporters are tying the incumbent senator to the president , as exemplified by a recent campaign sign from Brown supporters : "  Stand with Obama , vote for Shaheen . " The '99 percent ' factor It 's why Brown rarely speaks a sentence without tying Shaheen to the president . "  She 's voting with the president 99 % of the time , " Brown told us over and over , just has he did minutes earlier at a small business event here earlier this week . Shaheen is just as disciplined with her responses . "  You know , Scott Brown can talk about 99 percent all he wants , " Shaheen told us later in Exeter . "  This race is not between the President and Scott Brown , this race is between me and Scott Brown . " Shaheen has something going for her that some Senate colleagues around the country in tough races do not . She is a former governor who is not only well known , but relatively well liked . Her favorability rating in the CNN/ORC poll is 52 % , much higher than the president 's . Brown is under water -- with 50 % saying they have an unfavorable view of him , 48 % favorable . Shaheen tries to exploit that by painting him as an opportunist -- repeatedly reminding voters that two years ago Brown was a senator from Massachusetts , until he lost . "  When he was in Washington representing Massachusetts he was there for the corporate special interests , " Shaheen told CNN . "  I 'm going to continue to remind people what he represented when he was in Massachusetts and it was n't our middle-class families , it was n't our small businesses , it was n't what 's good for New Hampshire , " Shaheen told us . Brown and other Republicans insist he has beaten the carpetbagger issue by visiting with New Hampshire voters all over the state  he still drives the beat-up pickup truck that became famous in 2010 when he won Ted Kennedy 's Senate seat in a Massachusetts special election  . When asked about his move on the campaign trail , Brown notes that he was born in the Granite State and has family ties that go back generations . "  We have long and strong ties to New Hampshire and so does Senator Shaheen . We both care about New Hampshire so let 's talk about where we 're going , not about where we 've been , " Brown said . Fear-mongering ? Another way strategists here in both parties agree Brown has made gains is by seizing on ripped-from-the-headlines national-security issues like the threat from ISIS and Ebola , and playing them as examples of how Washington is broken . Shaheen calls it fear-mongering , which Brown naturally dismisses . "  What I hear is that people are deeply concerned about the border , they 're deeply concerned about ISIS , they 're deeply concerned about the lack of clear and coherent foreign policy , and the fact that Senator Shaheen is on the Foreign Relations Committee and has endorsed those incoherent policies from day one , " Brown told us . The ISIS threat does hit home here in a unique way . The first American beheaded , James Foley , was from New Hampshire . National versus local issues While Brown 's campaign aides are quite candid that they believe their path to victory is to nationalize the race by linking Shaheen to the President and playing up national-security issues , Shaheen is trying hard to keep it local . She is already known as someone with exceptional constituent services , now as senator and before that as governor . Even GOP sources here speak admiringly of her commitment to returning regularly for local events throughout her last six years in the Senate . Shaheen insists that is what people are most about . "  It 's the people who are working now up at the Berlin prison because I went in and fought to get that prison open after it sat empty for 12 years , its the 12 people who are in their homes because I worked with them when they were being foreclosed on , " Shaheen told us . "  I was at Lincoln Financial in Concord yesterday I did n't get one question about a national issue , " she said . Keeping it local is a national Democratic strategy , in a climate where disapproval of the President and Washington in general leaves them little choice . Democrats are using it in North Carolina , too , with incumbent Kay Hagan as they pummel her GOP opponent on state education issues . Whether that strategy can work here and elsewhere may determine whether Democrats can keep control of the Senate during Obama 's last two years in office . CNN 's Adam Levy contributed to this report .	A new CNN/ORC poll shows a statistical dead heat Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen is keeping it local in her campaign issues GOP opponent Scott Brown tries to tie Shaheen to Obama The President has only a 39 % approval rating in New Hampshire
CNN  Boko Haram laughed off Nigeria 's announcement of a ceasefire agreement , saying there is no such deal and schoolgirls abducted in April have been converted to Islam and married off . Nigerian officials announced two weeks ago that they had struck a deal with the Islamist terror group . The deal , the government said , included the release of more than 200 girls whose kidnapping at a boarding school in the nation 's north stunned the world . In a video released Saturday , the Islamist group 's notorious leader fired off a series of denials . "  Do n't you know the over 200 Chibok schoolgirls have converted to Islam ? " Abubakar Shekau said . "  They have now memorized two chapters of the Quran . " Shekau slammed reports of their planned release . "  We married them off . They are in their marital homes , " he said , chuckling . The group 's leader also denied knowing the negotiator with whom the government claimed it worked out a deal , saying he does not represent Boko Haram . "  We will not spare him and will slaughter him if we get him , " he said of the negotiator . It was n't clear when the video was made . Mike Omeri , a government spokesman , said these assertions contradict those made in the group 's talks with the Nigerian government . Omeri said the government will do everything possible to verify the claims made in the video . "  We 've heard about the video , and we can say the road to peace is bumpy -- and you can not expect otherwise , " Omeri said . "  Nigeria has been fighting a war , and wars do n't end overnight . " Nigeria said officials met with Boko Haram in Chad twice during talks mediated by Chadian President Idriss Deby . The ceasefire deal announced on October 17 followed a month of negotiations with representatives of the group , said Hassan Tukur , an aide to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan . After the deal was announced , the aide said final negotiations on the girls ' release would be completed at a meeting a week later in Chad . That day passed without any signs of the girls . Boko Haram a growing challenge In the video , Shekau talked not of peace but of more violence -- promising more "  war , striking and killing with gun . " This strategy appears to be playing out in parts of Nigeria , where Boko Haram fighters have continued deadly attacks on villages despite government claims of a ceasefire . More people have been abducted and scores killed in recent weeks , including one attack a day after the ceasefire that left eight dead . Days later , the Islamist terror group abducted at least 60 young women and girls from Christian villages in northeast Nigeria . Heavily armed fighters left 1,500 naira , or about $ 9 , and kola nuts as a bride price for each of the women abducted , residents said . For its part , Nigeria is n't backing down . It is stepping up its military campaign against militants and criminals in some parts of the West African nation , Nigeria 's defense ministry said Saturday . The military said its airstrikes and ground operations have repelled attacks against civilians in Adamawa and Borno , two states in the northeast that have been strongholds and frequent targets for Boko Haram . Officials are "  studying " the latest video , even as the military continues to recognize the talks aimed at assuring the release of the kidnapped schoolgirls , the ministry said . Boko Haram , whose name translates to "  Western education is sin " in the Hausa language , is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Like ISIS , it has ambitions for a caliphate , or religious state . The group 's attacks have intensified in recent years in an apparent show of defiance for the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the government . As part of its insurgency , it has bombed schools , churches and mosques , kidnapped women and children , and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . CNN 's Isha Sesay , Lillian Leposo , Christabelle Fombu , Greg Botelho and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	"  The road to peace is bumpy , " Nigerian official says after video 's release Boko Haram 's leader says no ceasefire deal , despite Nigeria 's announcement "  We married them off , " the leader , Abubakar Shekau , says of the abducted girls Video claims contradict those assertions made in talks , a Nigerian official says
CNN  -- One of the members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot serving a two-year prison sentence has asked to be transferred to solitary confinement because of "  strained relations " with other inmates , state media reported Friday . Maria Alyokhina , 24 , and fellow band member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , 23 , were sentenced in August for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals in February . They are serving their sentences at a penal colony in Perm , about 1,000 kilometers  700 miles  east of Moscow . The state-run news agency Ria Novosti cited unidentified prison officials as saying that Alyokhina had made the transfer request . The agency noted that Alyokhina , a vegan , had previously complained about the meat-based diet at the prison colony . Yekaterina Samutsevich , a third member of the band who was sentenced with Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova , was freed from prison last month . Following her release on a suspended sentence , Samutsevich vowed to continue the kind of political protest act that led to their imprisonment . Footage of the brief but provocative protest action attracted worldwide attention after it was posted online . It showed the band members , their faces shrouded by balaclavas , screaming "  Mother Mary , please drive Putin away " inside Christ Savior Cathedral in Moscow , outraging many of the Russia church 's faithful The three women , who were arrested shortly after the protest act , were convicted of hooliganism . Two other members of the all-female group have fled Russia . Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina are expected to try to take their case to the European Court of Human Rights .	Maria Alyokhina and another punk band member were sentenced in August They are serving their two-year prison sentences in a penal colony far from Moscow Alyokhina has requested solitary confinement , Russia 's state news agency reports It cites prison officials as saying she has "  strained relations " with other inmates
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has been hailed as the greatest soccer player the world has ever seen following his extraordinary exploits for European champions Barcelona . The 22-year-old has scored 10 goals in his past four games , including two hat-tricks in consecutive Spanish league matches . The diminutive Argentina forward has kept Barcelona in the hunt for a second successive La Liga title , and his two goals against Stuttgart last Wednesday helped put the Champions League titleholders into the quarterfinals of Europe 's premier club competition . Blog : Is Messi better than Maradona ? Sunday 's treble against Zaragoza was his third this season , and his fifth since making his debut in 2004 , taking him to 25 league goals this campaign -- five more than closest rival Gonzalo Higuain of Real Madrid , and two past his tally from last season with 11 games still to play . Messi is now third on Barcelona 's all-time scoring list , and has the chance to net his 200th goal for the club in Wednesday 's league game against Osasuna . After the Zaragoza game , Barcelona president Joan Laporta compared Messi -- who was named 2009 's best player in the world -- with the club 's legendary former stars Diego Maradona and Johan Cruyff . "  He 's the best player in the world right now and the best ever , " Laporta told Barcelona 's Web site . "  Together with Cruyff and Maradona , he 's the best we 've seen at the club . "  He 's a player who can change everything in a game , but he also works for the rest of the team . He 's a real leader . " Coach Pep Guardiola said he had run out of superlatives to describe the performances of Messi , who has scored 11 of Barcelona 's last 15 goals . "  He 's been more than decisive , and you can tell he 's feeling fit the way he gets involved in everything . I 've run out of adjectives -- you 'll have to put your own , " Guardiola said . "  That he 's capable of doing everything that he does at his age is something impressive . It does n't make any sense . " Guardiola revealed that Messi had been in doubt for the Zaragoza game due to a gum infection in his mouth . "  He was in a lot of pain . But in the morning I asked him how he was and he told me that he was better . Before the game I asked if he wanted to play and he said yes , I asked him how many minutes and he told me the whole game , " Guardiola told reporters . "  He always wants to play , whether it 's the Champions League final or against a third-division side . For me it 's difficult to leave him out , seeing the form he 's in . He 's an amateur in this sense , he always wants to play . " Messi has not always carried his amazing club form onto the international stage with Argentina , but he has the chance to redress that situation in June at the World Cup in South Africa . "  The person who most wants to see him succeed for Argentina is Messi himself , nobody should doubt that , " Guardiola said .	Barcelona president Joan Laporta says Lionel Messi is best player world has ever seen Messi has scored 10 goals in past four games , including two hat-tricks The 22-year-old is third on the Spanish club 's all-time scoring list with 199 goals Coach Pep Guardiola says he has run out of superlatives to praise the Argentine forward
CNN  -- Country legend Hank Williams Jr. took the lead on a benefit concert to aid victims of the recent devastating storms , tornadoes and flooding . "  Music Builds : The CMT Disaster Relief Concert " airs at 9 p.m. ET Thursday on CMT . Williams will be joined by Alabama , Alan Jackson , Keith Urban , Lady Antebellum , Little Big Town , Ronnie Dunn , Sara Evans , Tim McGraw , Trace Adkins and many others . All proceeds will go to the Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund . Williams said the benefit concert is personal . "  I just could n't believe what I was seeing on TV , " he said . "  Alabama is home . I am really pumped about helping . " HLN 's Robin Meade will co-host the event with sports reporter Erin Andrews and comedian Ron White . HLN will re-air the concert on Sunday at 9 p.m. ET followed by a half-hour special , "  Music Builds : Backstage with Robin Meade , " at 10:30 p.m. Meade will talk to some of the concert 's biggest performers about their involvement and why it 's so important to help . Red Cross phone lines will be open Sunday night as the concert re-airs to give viewers more opportunity to give .	Country stars to perform in benefit concert for tornado and flood victims All money raised will go to the Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund HLN will re-air the concert along with a benefit special Sunday night
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When Gregg Wenzel died six years ago in Ethiopia , the obituaries said he was a U.S. Foreign Service officer killed by a drunken driver on the streets of Addis Ababa . CIA Director Leon Panetta spoke Monday at a ceremony commemorating fallen CIA officers . Monday the public learned the State Department job was a cover for his real occupation : CIA spy . At a ceremony commemorating those who died in the line of duty , CIA Director Leon Panetta revealed Wenzel 's affiliation with the agency and noted Wenzel was a member of the first clandestine service class to graduate after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  He helped unite the class and kept its spirits high in the toughest moments , " Panetta said . Wenzel left his job as an attorney to join the agency . He was 33 years old when the car he was riding in was hit by a drunken driver who to this day remains a fugitive . There are now 90 stars prominently displayed on the memorial wall in the spacious atrium of CIA headquarters , each commemorating an officer , like Wenzel , who died while serving the country . The 90th star was added recently , but as with most of the victims , the person 's name and nature of service will remain unknown to the public so as not to compromise secret operations . At the annual memorial service attended by hundreds of employees , retirees and family members , Panetta paid homage to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country . "  Their patriotism and leadership , courage and decency are models for all of us , " said the director , adding , "  their work is our work now . And their spirit abides with us . " Panetta also announced the beginning of a new tradition . Family members of the fallen officers will receive a replica of the star from the wall . The first star was given to the brothers of Douglas Mackiernan , the first CIA operations officer killed in the line of duty , shot to death in Tibet after fleeing China in 1950 .	Gregg Wenzel died six years ago in Ethiopia Obituaries said he was a U.S. Foreign Service officer killed by a drunken driver At ceremony for fallen CIA officers , CIA Director revealed Wenzel was a CIA spy
CNN  -- For a few minutes Thursday evening , Facebook was redirecting users visiting dozens of websites -- including Mashable and CNN -- to cryptic error pages . The reaction online was pretty much what you 'd expect , with -- as The Next Web noted -- hashtags like "  Facebookmageddon " and "  Facebocalypse " common amongst Twitter users . So what happened , exactly ? There was an issue with the Facebook Connect API that caused users on sites that use that API to redirect users to a Facebook error page . For example , if you were visiting Mashable and logged into our site using your Facebook account  and you were also signed into Facebook  , you were automatically redirected to a Facebook error page . Exiting the page or attempting to re-access the original site would lead to another . Sites such as The Huffington Post , Kayak , Hulu , The Daily Dot , Pinterest and hundreds of others were all impacted . The bug lasted less than 10 minutes . In a statement , Facebook told Mashable : "  For a short period of time , there was a bug that redirected people logging in with Facebook from third party sites . The issue was quickly resolved and Login with Facebook is now working as usual . " The bug may have been brief , but it has highlighted just how many important websites use Facebook Connect for user authentication . Over the span of just a few years , Facebook logins have become so pervasive that they are nearly second nature . It also shows that if Facebook has an issue , it can affect more than just its site -- it can also impact the hundreds of thousands  millions ?  of sites that integrate with Facebook 's APIs . What 's interesting is that a user did n't even need to be performing the action for the error -- and hijacking -- to occur . Instead , simply being logged into both places  and having the accounts linked  was enough to force users off of a third-party website and onto Facebook 's error page . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook error causes other sites to crash for users The problem , with Facebook 's log-in tool , last about 10 minutes CNN , Mashable , Huffington Post , Hulu , Pinterest among the sites impacted
CNN  -- The Mockingjay lives . On Monday , fans eager for more Katniss Everdeen got a sneak peek of the heroine in action in the first official trailer for "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I. " In the trailer , the "  Hunger Games " heroine , played by Jennifer Lawrence , is seen fanning the flames of a rebellion while on a quest to save her Games partner , Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  . And since this is Katniss , she does it all while toting a bow and arrow and teaming up with childhood friend Gale  Liam Hemsworth  . "  I never wanted any of this , " Katniss tells her enemy President Snow in the nearly two-minute clip . "  I never wanted to be in the Games . I just wanted to save my sister and keep Peeta alive . " "  Ms. Everdeen , it 's the things we love most that destroy us , " Snow , played by Donald Sutherland , ominously replies . The star-studded cast of "  Mockingjay " also includes Woody Harrelson , Elizabeth Banks , Julianne Moore , Sam Claflin and the late Philip Seymour Hoffman as Plutarch Heavensbee , the leader behind the dark rebellion against the privileged Capitol . "  Mockingjay -- Part 1 " is the second to last "  Hunger Games " movie based on the popular young adult books by Suzanne Collins . The new trailer started trending on Twitter on Monday , with fans sharing their excitement about the movie 's November 21 debut . "  I should calm myself down first bc the tears in my eyes are not allowing me to watch clearly the trailer , " tweeted one fan , while another asked , "  Is it November yet ? " Let the countdown to "  Mockingjay -- Part I " begin .	The official trailer for "  Mockingjay -- Part I " debuted Monday The nearly two-minute clip featured Jennifer Lawrence 's heroine , Katniss Everdeen The movie debuts November 21
CNN  -- The former head of media baron Rupert Murdoch 's News International was formally charged at a London police station Thursday in the eavesdropping probe that has rocked the News Corp. empire and British government , London police said . Authorities announced last week that Rebekah Brooks -- who besides being a onetime chief executive of News International , which is the division of News Corp. that includes the company 's British newspapers , also had been editor of The News of the World tabloid -- was among those being charged in the high-profile case . On Thursday evening , she "  answered bail " at Lewisham police station in the British capital and "  was charged " with several offenses , the Metropolitan Police Service said in a written statement . She posted bail and is scheduled to next appear in court on September 3 . The long-running police investigation prompted by illegal eavesdropping at the defunct Murdoch tabloid The News of the World has expanded into probes of computer hacking , bribery and corruption . Brooks served as that newspaper 's editor before taking the same role at The Sun and eventually rising to the CEO position with News International . The announced names of the suspected hacking victims include some of the world 's biggest celebrities , including Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt , Jude Law , Paul McCartney and soccer star Wayne Rooney . The phone-hacking accusations have reverberated through the top levels of British politics and journalism , led to the major tabloid 's closing and prompted a parliamentary committee to issue damning criticism of Murdoch . Others charged in the case include Andy Coulson , an editor at News of the World who went on to become director of communications for British Prime Minister David Cameron before resigning . According to Thursday 's release from London police , Brooks was charged on three offenses . The first claims that she -- along with Coulson , Stuart Kuttner , Greg Miskiw , Ian Edmondson , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup -- conspired between October 3 , 2000 , and August 9 , 2006 , "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " Specifically , the charge asserts that they listened to "  voice mail messages of well-known people . " Another charge accuses Brooks , Coulson , Kuttner , Miskiw , Thurlbeck and Glenn Mulcaire of intercepting messages of Milly Dowler , the 13-year-old British schoolgirl who was abducted and murdered in 2002 . Lastly , Brooks , Mulcaire and Miskiw are charged with , between December 3 , 2002 , and January 22 , 2003 , conspiring to intercept the messages of firefighter trade union boss Andy Gilchrist . Brooks has previously vigorously denied the charges against her , saying she was "  distressed and angry . " The scandal exploded with the revelation that the phone of Dowler was hacked after she disappeared in 2002 . She was later found murdered . Indications that her voice mail had been accessed had given her parents the false hope she was still alive . Prosecutors allege there were more than 600 victims of phone hacking between 2000 and 2006 . The investigation and public notoriety has been damaging to News Corp. and Murdoch , who stepped down from a string of company boards of directors earlier this month and further distanced himself from the print business that first brought him fame and fortune .	Rebekah Brooks is charged on 3 offenses at a London police station , police say She posts bail and is scheduled to next appear in court on September 3 Brooks is a former editor of The News of the World and CEO of News International She is one of several former News Corp. employees facing charges in the case
CNN  -- Argentine soccer legend Diego Maradona was taken to an area hospital after his vehicle and a bus collided , but he is fine , the state-run Telam news agency reported Monday . Maradona was traveling with his girlfriend in Ezeiza , on the outskirts of Buenos Aires , when the accident happened , Telam said . Both were transported to a local hospital for observation , the news agency reported . Sources close to Maradona told Telam neither Maradona nor his girlfriend suffered serious injuries . Maradona is a former Argentine player and coach , revered by many as one of game 's greatest players .	Diego Maradona was taken to a hospital , report says He is not thought to have sustained serious injuries
CNN  -- A man described as a former employee shot and killed two people and seriously wounded another at a Baton Rouge , Louisiana , construction company before workers wrestled him to the ground , sheriff 's officials said . Dianna Tullier , 44 , of Walker , Louisiana , and Cheryl D. Boykin , 55 , of Denham Springs , Louisiana were pronounced dead at the scene , officials said . They were both clerical workers in the construction office . The suspect , identified as Richard Matthews , 53 , of Slaughter , Louisiana , parked outside Grady Crawford Construction Co. shortly before 2 p.m. and entered a building , where he shot a female dispatcher , said Baton Rouge Sheriff 's Office Public Information Officer Casey Rayborn Hicks . Hicks said Matthews then went into a second company building and killed two people inside . Matthews left the second building to reload his weapon , Hicks said . He re-entered that building , shot at and missed a fourth person , Hicks said . Four people then wrestled Matthews to the ground . One of them , a foreman at the construction company , put his finger between Matthews ' finger and the trigger guard of Matthews ' gun , stopping the gunman from shooting , Hicks said . The four people held Matthews down until police arrived . Matthews was transported to the sheriff 's office in downtown Baton Rouge , Hicks said , and was being questioned . Hicks said police are uncertain if Matthews has prior arrests , mental health or substance abuse issues . Matthews will be booked on two counts of first degree murder and two counts of attempted murder , Hicks said . As he was escorted in for questioning , in response to a reporter 's question about the shooting , the Matthews replied numerous times : "  I could n't get my unemployment , they would n't give me my unemployment . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Victims from Walker , Louisiana , and Denham Springs , Louisiana , official says Official : Worker put finger between trigger guard of gun to stop suspect from shooting more Officials identify suspect as Richard Matthews , 53 , of Slaughter , Louisiana Suspect : "  They would n't give me my unemployment " as he is escorted by police
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  This is an event in world history , " is how Hollywood producer Avi Lerner hyperbolically proclaimed the news that Robert De Niro and Al Pacino were to star in his new film . De Niro and Al Pacino in a scene from their new movie "  Righteous Kill , " out this fall . Lerner can , perhaps , be forgiven for getting a little carried away . After all , it 's not every day these two Hollywood greats appear together on screen . Lerner is fully aware that by getting De Niro and Pacino to pair up in his latest venture "  Righteous Kill , " he has hit movie paydirt . "  They were in two scenes in ` Heat . ' In this movie , they are in the whole thing together , " he tells Variety magazine . The pairing of heavyweight actors Pacino and Tribeca film festival founder De Niro is something which has tantalized film fans since their separate scenes in "  The Godfather Part II " -- 34 years ago . With 115 films and three Oscars between them , the two stars first acted together in the 1995 thriller "  Heat , " albeit very briefly in two unrehearsed scenes . So "  Righteous Kill " is something of a coup for Hollywood director and producer Jon Avnet , who made 1996 's "  Up Close and Personal " and 1991 's "  Fried Green Tomatoes . " The longtime friends will star as two veteran New York City detectives on the hunt for a vigilante who may be one of their own . It is prime De Niro/Pacino territory , as Lerner acknowledges in a recent interview with the Los Angeles Times . He says : "  They 're playing New York City detectives ; they are as New York as it gets . De Niro and Pacino the way you want to see them . " "  They 're both very opaque , " he adds . "  You do n't know whether they 're going to kiss someone or kill them . And that suspense is what makes their performances so intense in the moment . " "  Righteous Kill " is a remake of a hit French thriller , "  36 Quai des Orfèvres " -- the address of the French CID in Paris -- which also saw the pairing of Gallic cinema kings Gerard Depardieu and Daniel Auteuil . De Niro , 67 , said the film , to be released in September , came about because of their longstanding friendship and a desire to work on a longer project together . "  We are old friends , and he is a terrific person and great to work with and that was it you know , it was great , " he told CNN 's "  The Screening Room " at the opening of the Tribeca film festival in New York . "  Because the other movie that we did , we had one great scene . I loved the scene we had where we meet in the restaurant and then the end of the movie . "  And ` Godfather ' we were in the same movie but two different time periods , so we are in a movie now where we actually work a lot together . " Pacino , who recently turned 68 , says their friendship enhances the acting experience . "  I love Bob , so it 's fun , " he told Entertainment Weekly . "  I 've known him since I was a little boy . Bob wisely did n't want to rehearse our first scene together , on ` Heat . ' And I 'm glad he did n't . There 's a comfort level that 's very important . "  You can rehearse till the cows come home but that comfort level is what it 's about . " Although the prospect of seeing Hollywood icons such as De Niro and Pacino on screen is one to savor for many fans , some have questioned whether this new film will be anything to write home about , based on the quality of their recent output . The two acting legends have come under fire for making questionable "  payday " movie choices like Pacino 's critically panned "  88 Minutes " -- also produced by Lerner and directed by Avnet . Reviews for De Niro in films like "  Analyze That , " "  Hide and Seek " and "  Godsend " have been similarly scathing . Some argue , perhaps unfairly , that their body of work has become so polluted by poor choices , that many have forgotten what made them so great in the first place . Perhaps this is what prompted long time collaborator Francis Ford Coppola , who directed Pacino and De Niro in "  The Godfather " trilogy , to accuse them , along with Jack Nicholson , of lacking ambition and passion . Coppola was quoted in GQ magazine last year as saying : "  I do n't feel that kind of passion to do a role and be great coming from those guys , because if it was there , they would do it ! I mean , they 're all in a position to do it . " Coppola later told reporters during the Rome Film Festival that the comments were "  obviously bent out of shape " by the magazine . "  I was astonished because it was n't true , " he said . "  I have nothing but respect and admiration for the actors . These are the three greatest actors in the world today , and they are my friends . " However , his supposed views obviously struck a chord with others . In March , De Niro came top in a poll by the online edition of Entertainment Weekly to find "  the most shameless pay check role . " He won for agreeing to play Fearless Leader in The Adventures Of Rocky and Bulwinkle in 2000 . While Los Angeles Times , film critic Patrick Goldstein accused the pair of "  becoming parodies of themselves , making payday movies that are hollow echoes of the electrically charged work they did on such films as ` Serpico , ' ` Dog Day Afternoon , ' ` Mean Streets ' and ` Taxi Driver . ' " He added : "  If anyone has made more movies for the money than Pacino , it would be De Niro , who has largely abandoned serious dramatic work for a spate of forgettable horror and crime thrillers . " Between them Pacino and De Niro have starred in some of best films ever made , and as they approach their 70s , it would be fair to say they have earned the right to slum it a little . And as Ryan Gilbey of the Guardian newspaper puts it : "  Do n't we all find the armchair that bit comfier as the years go by ? "  Why should De Niro be any different just because he made his name as one of the most visceral and searching of screen performers ? " E-mail to a friend	Al Pacino , Robert De Niro co-starring in "  Righteous Kill " Two actors have co-starred in movies , but rarely shared scenes Some have questioned whether the film is worthy of their talents
CNN  -- The man who held at least three hostages in a nearly four-hour standoff Wednesday at the Discovery Channel headquarters in Silver Spring , Maryland , had a history of protesting the network 's programming , authorities said . The man was identified by law enforcement sources as 43-year-old James Lee , who was shot and killed by police after officers observed him withdrawing a handgun and pointing it at one of the hostages . All three hostages -- identified by a Discovery executive as two employees and a security officer -- were uninjured . Lee was described by authorities as an environmental protester who had posted online rants against Discovery in the past . An angry manifesto posted by Lee on a website called SaveThePlanetProtest.com repeatedly refers to humans as "  filth " and demands that the Discovery Channel "  stop encouraging the birth of any more parasitic human infants . " "  Civilization must be exposed for the filth it is , " the 1,149-word statement says . "  Humans are the most destructive , filthy , pollutive creatures around and are wrecking what 's left of the planet with their false morals and breeding culture , " it continues . The statement also blasts immigration , farming , weapons of mass destruction , automotive pollution , "  and the whole blasted human economy . " It demands that the Discovery Channel broadcast daily prime-time shows devoted to "  solutions to save the planet , " perhaps in a game-show format , insisting "  Make it interesting so people watch and apply solutions !!!! " Many of Lee 's comments are directed at "  the media , " saying "  You can reach enough people . It 's your responsibility because you reach so many minds !!! " "  The world needs TV shows that DEVELOP solutions to the problems that humans are causing , not stupify the people into destroying the world . Not encouraging them to breed more environmentally harmful humans , " the manifesto says . "  These are the demands and sayings of Lee , " the manifesto concludes . The website also refers to a week-long protest outside the Discovery headquarters in February 2008 . "  I will be demonstrating ideas on how to save the planet in front of the Discovery Channel Building each day until they give in , " he wrote . Montgomery County , Maryland , Circuit Court records show a man by the same name and age was arrested that month for disorderly conduct and littering . According to a report by Maryland 's Gazette newspaper published at the time , a protester identified as James Lee was arrested outside the Discovery building after several hours of throwing money into the air to gather a crowd . Montgomery County Police Chief J. Thomas Manger confirmed that the suspect in the hostage situation was the same protester . Lee , who represented himself in court , said he did it to show that "  money means nothing . Money is trash , " the Gazette quoted him as saying . Amateur video apparently showing part of the protest shows a chaotic scene of people diving for the bills . The protest was cut short after concerns by county police and Discovery security officers that the growing crowd was becoming unruly , according to testimony from Sgt. John Meng of the Montgomery County Police Department . Lee was found guilty of disorderly conduct in the case and sentenced to supervised probation . His probation ended August 18 , court records show . At the time of his conviction , the judge warned Lee not to come within 500 feet of Discovery Communications , according to the Gazette . The judge told Lee he could get 60 days in jail if he disobeyed the order . On his protest site , Lee refers to the arrest , writing , "  Yeah , I guess the world did not get saved last week as I had hoped , " and indicates he was held in police custody for two weeks . Lee told the court that part of his time in custody included a psychiatric evaluation , according to the Gazette . "  I told them my idea of saving the planet , " the Gazette quoted him as saying . "  They could n't find anything wrong with me . " Discovery spokesman David Leavy said Wednesday that the network was aware of Lee and his writings . "  I do n't want to characterize the motivations of the perpetrator , " he said . "  If you follow what he said publicly online , I do n't think it 's rational . We certainly were cognizant and aware of him , but certainly did not take his threats or demands seriously . " Lee appeared to be inspired by the writings of environmentalist author Daniel Quinn , according to statements made in the manifesto and on Lee 's MySpace page . Quinn is best known for the novel , "  Ishmael , " for which he won the 1991 Turner Tomorrow Fellowship . The fellowship was established to encourage authors to seek "  creative and positive solutions to global problems , " according to Quinn 's website . In a 2006 MySpace posting , Lee wrote : "  I finished reading the Daniel Quinn books last month . It started off just as a recommendation from a girl who worked at a coffeehouse . "  After being blown away from his writings , I looked up and saw ... nothing . No revolution , no people demanding change , no talk , no news , nothing . There should have been something , right ? " Lee 's self-proclaimed goal to save the planet appears to have begun shortly after the posting . However , much of his online activity appears to have ended in 2008 .	The suspect appeared to be inspired by the writings of "  Ishmael " author Daniel Quinn The suspect was identified as environmental protester James Lee Lee 's web posting refers to humans as "  filth " His post singles out the Discovery Channel
CNN  -- The morning after teams of gunmen carried out a brazen series of attacks across southern Mumbai , killing scores of people and taking hostages in three locations , the situation showed little signs of a quick resolution . A series of gunshots rang through the air at the Oberoi Hotel Thursday morning , where about 100 members of a specialized unit of the Indian police undertook an operation to rescue four to five foreigners hostages on the 19th floor . A few blocks away , a series of gunfire sent curious onlookers scurrying for cover at the Taj Mahal Hotel . Shortly afterward , police escorted dozens of people -- who appeared to be mostly westerners -- out of the hotel . A.N. Roy , the police chief of Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located , said all hostages there had been freed . A standoff at a third location -- the Cama Hospital for women and infants -- also appeared to have been resolved by Thursday morning , CNN 's sister station CNN-IBN reported . It was not immediately known whether gunmen at the hospital fled or were killed . Israel Foreign Ministry was attempting to locate about 20 Israeli nationals missing in the city as police said four suspected gunmen took cover in a building called Nariman House , where several Jewish families live . Police said gunmen fired indiscriminately from the building throughout the night . Stray bullets killed a couple in their home and a 16-year-old boy who stepped outside , police said . Authorities asked residents in Mumbai to stay inside , uncertain whether other attacks were planned in the city . That warning failed to stop knots of curious onlookers from strolling Thursday through the streets of this financial center to survey the damage at some of the 10 sites that , without warning , had turned into battlegrounds late Wednesday . Mumbai remained locked down with police checking cars randomly . The stock market in the city -- the financial capital of India -- was closed , as were schools and colleges . Government officials said the attacks caught them completely unawares , with no intelligence chatter indicating that such a coordinated assault was in the works . Instead , authorities had focused their attention on securing movie theaters and malls after receiving indications that terrorists were intending to attack those locations , CNN-IBN reported . "  It 's war on Mumbai , " read the banner headline on the front page of The Times of India . Mumbai police spokesman Satish Katsa put the death toll to be at least 85 and another 200 wounded . An earlier report said an additional nine attackers had been killed . At the five-star Taj Mahal Hotel , a fire continued to burn hours after it began on the top floor of the majestic , century-old Victorian building popular among Western tourists and diplomats . CNN employee Yasmin Wong was among the guests at the Taj Mahal who holed up in her fourth-floor room for several hours , then ran out her door , down the stairs , into the lobby and past the pool in the rear of the hotel to safety . "  I saw a few casualties on the way down , " she told CNNI . She said she also saw the guest in a room above hers . He had smashed out his fifth-floor window to escape the fire and was hanging out his window , but no one was there to help . "  He was just screaming and yelling for help , " she said , adding that she did not know what became of the man . "  I 'd been instructed just to get out of my room , " she said . Bhushan Gagrani , a spokesman for Maharashtra , said no one had claimed responsibility for the attacks . But several Indian news outlets reported receiving e-mails from a group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen that claimed responsibility for the attacks . CNN was not able to verify the reports . Gagrani said nine suspects were arrested overnight and three other people were detained for questioning . CNN-IBN reported that seven of the nine arrested are fishermen . The network said that police found a boat loaded with explosives near the Taj Mahal . Hemant Karkare , chief of Mumbai police 's anti-terrorism squad , was among the fatalities at the Hotel Oberoi , officials said . In addition , 11 other police were killed , Deshmukh said . He said officials did not know how many attackers were involved . A man told local television that he was in the Oberoi around 10 p.m. when gunmen entered the lobby and began rounding up guests , asking for anyone with a U.S. or British passport and taking hostage about 15 of them . The Cafe Leopold , another popular hangout for Western tourists , was also targeted , and one police official said an attack occurred at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station , a Victorian building . CNN-IBN reported the attacks began shortly before 10 p.m.  12:30 p.m. ET  Wednesday and witnesses were reporting new explosions and gunfire into early Thursday morning . A.N. Roy , the police chief of Maharashtra , said the gunmen used grenades and automatic weapons . India has suffered a number of attacks in recent years , including a string of bombs that ripped through packed Mumbai commuter trains and platforms during rush hour in July 2006 . About 209 people were killed in that attack . Last July , a series of synchronized bomb blasts in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad left 49 dead and more than 100 wounded , police said . But Paresh Parihar , a businessman in Mumbai , described Wednesday 's attacks as unlike any previous ones . "  They really do n't fear for their lives or any other activity that could put them in danger , " he told CNN . "  This is really a very unusual situation . " Mumbai ordered schools closed Thursday . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Correspondent Andrew Stevens in Mumbai contributed to this story .	NEW : Gunshots heard at two Mumbai hotels where hostages are being held Gunmen strike at series of targets popular with tourists and business people 85 dead , 200 wounded , police spokesman says Police say it is unclear who carried out attacks
CNN  -- By a margin of 82-56 , the Maryland House of Delegates voted Friday to ban the death penalty in that state . The bill now goes to the desk of Gov. Martin O'Malley , who has pledged to sign it . "  To govern is to choose , and at a time where we understand the things that actually work to reduce violent crime , when we understand how lives can be saved , we have a moral responsibility to do more of the things that work to save lives , " O'Malley said at a news conference . "  We also have a moral responsibility to stop doing the things that are wasteful , and that are expensive , and do not work , and do not save lives , and that I would argue run contrary to the deeper principles that unite us as Marylanders , as Americans , and as human beings , " O'Malley added . NAACP President Benjamin Jealous called the action "  what courageous , principled political leadership looks like , " and Archbishop of Baltimore William Lori said he applauded the general assembly "  for choosing to meet evil not with evil , but with a justice worthy of our best nature . " O'Malley thanked both the NAACP leadership and the state 's faith leaders for their support . Baltimore County state attorney Scott Shellenberger , a prominent opponent of the bill , said eliminating capital punishment was unnecessary , since Maryland 's current policy is judicious and one of the "  most restrictive in the country . " Since a law was passed in 2009 , a judge can impose death in Maryland only if one of three factors exists : DNA evidence , a videotaped confession or a videotaped murder . Maryland has executed only five people since 1976 , one of whom Shellenberger prosecuted in the '80s . Delegate Neil Parrott , a Washington County Republican , said most state residents do n't want to see the death penalty abolished , but the governor and the "  Annapolis eite " used political arm-twisting to push the bill through the legislature . But Parrott said the death penalty move "  does open a door " to petition , or challenge , such a law and bring it up for a referendum . Parrott has set up mdpetitions.com , a website devoted to pursuing petitions targeting laws "  passed by a liberal-leaning legislature in Annapolis that simply do not make sense . " Parrott says it 's too early to say how opponents of the ban will proceed if and when the bill is signed . He said it 's "  excruciatingly difficult " to get a petition on the ballot , but members of mdpetitions.com will be consulted on what to do . O'Malley will make a case-by-case decision regarding the state 's five current death row inmates , according to a statement from the governor 's office . Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown called Friday "  a great day for Maryland . " "  We saw a death penalty , a long history of racial bias , inaccuracies , injustices , and today , we decided that as a state we could do better . Today is a victory for those who believe that fairness and truth and justice , and not retribution or bias , are fundamental to our core beliefs as Marylanders , " Brown said . Shellenberger said confining the racial argument to the state of Maryland , four studies on the issue have ascertained "  no purposeful racial discrimination done on anyone in any of those cases . " And when it comes to the retribution argument , Shellenberger said he believes in "  the deterrence of one , " when a person is convicted of a heinous murder beyond a shadow of doubt , "  Every person will never be subjected to that person killing again . " O'Malley introduced the legislation in January . The state Senate approved the bill last week . Maryland will become the sixth state in as many years to replace capital punishment with life in prison without parole . Currently , 33 states , plus the federal government and the U.S. military , have the legal option of imposing the death penalty , while 17 plus the District of Columbia do not . CNN 's Bill Mears and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Both houses of Maryland 's legislature have now voted to ban the death penalty Gov. Martin O'Malley has pledged to sign the bill O'Malley says ending the death penalty is a "  moral responsibility " Maryland will be the sixth state in six years to end capital punishment
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and top Pentagon officials including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen attended Tuesday 's dignified transfer of the remains of 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel killed on board a helicopter shot down in Afghanistan over the weekend . Obama boarded both of the planes that transported the remains to the Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to pay his respects and later joined Panetta , Mullen and U.S. Special Operations Commander Adm. William McRaven in meeting with more than 200 family members and colleagues of the slain service members at a building on the air base , according to background information provided by White House staff members accompanying the president on the trip . Panetta , Mullen and the chiefs of the Navy and Army were among the 11 senior military and Defense Department officials who also attended the dignified transfer , Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said . Because the catastrophic nature of the crash made the remains difficult to identify , all were brought in more than 38 transfer cases to the United States , Lapan said . The Afghan remains will be returned to their families once identifications can be made . The slain U.S. service members represent the worst single-incident loss of American life since the start of the Afghan war . Thirty Americans died in the crash , including 22 Navy SEALs , military officials said . Two U.S. military officials said Tuesday that Panetta has been asked by Special Operations commanders not to release the names of the slain Navy SEALs because they belonged to a covert unit . Even though many of the families have come forward and publicly identified their loved ones , the concern is that families and friends could be tracked down if they are identified , the officials said . According to the officials , they can not recall a time when names were not released 24 hours after next of kin were notified following an incident . Initial reports on the incident said it occurred when a U.S. Army Ranger unit became pinned down by insurgents in the rugged Tangi Valley area of Wardak province in central eastern Afghanistan . The group called in assistance but instead had to race to the crash scene of a downed NATO helicopter carrying their reinforcements , officials said Monday . Everyone inside the CH-47 Chinook helicopter was killed , NATO reported . Helicopter pilot 's son : Do n't forget about my dad However , a U.S. military official confirmed Tuesday that the SEALs were called in as an ` immediate reaction force " when the Army Rangers who were on the ground in a firefight saw some Taliban break off and begin to escape . The Rangers wanted the SEALs to go after those insurgents , the official said , adding the Rangers were "  not pinned down " but simply wanted more combat power . The inbound helicopter transporting the SEALs also carried a civilian interpreter and seven Afghan troops , and it crashed after being "  reportedly fired on by an insurgent rocket-propelled grenade . " On Monday , the two military transport aircraft carrying the remains departed Bagram airfield and headed to Dover Air Force Base . The flights arrived Tuesday morning , Lapan confirmed . Van Williams , the public affairs chief for Air Force Mortuary Operations , said all of the 38 sets of remains were "  unidentifiable . " "  The crash they were in was so horrific and the state of remains such that there was no easy way to see this was this person or this was that person , " Williams told reporters . In a typical dignified transfer ceremony , family members and military carry teams board the plane , Williams said , adding that a chaplain may be asked to speak . The carry team then picks up the transfer case , and the command is given to render honors , according to Williams . The official party and everyone within earshot salutes as the remains are taken from the aircraft to a waiting vehicle for transport to the mortuary , where positive identification occurs , he said . "  For us ... it is a very big source of pride and a sense of duty and honor that we give to the fallen service members and their families , " Williams said . "  We represent the nation , and a grateful nation at that . " In an earlier statement , the commander of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan , Gen. John R. Allen , paid tribute to the fallen . "  In life they were comrades in arms , and in death they are bound forever in this vital cause . We cherish this selfless sacrifice , " Allen 's statement said . "  Today , as we pay our respects to these magnificent troops , we recommit ourselves for the future , and for the freedom , peace and stability of Afghanistan . " Obama has been meeting with U.S. military officials about the incident and spoke with Afghan President Hamid Karzai by phone Sunday . "  We will press on , and we will succeed , " Obama said Monday , adding that "  now is also a time to reflect on those we lost " and on the sacrifices of all who have served , as well as their families . "  Their loss is a stark reminder of the risks that our men and women in uniform take every single day on behalf of their country , " Obama said , discussing the incident at the end of televised remarks focused on the economy . Until Monday , military officials had been largely tight-lipped about the circumstances surrounding the crash , which occurred roughly 60 miles southwest of Kabul . The events leading up to the crash began when insurgents -- armed with rocket-propelled grenade launchers and AK-47 assault rifles -- engaged in small-arms fire with coalition forces on the ground , NATO reported . ISAF forces were carrying out an operation targeting a known Taliban leader in the area . Several militants were killed in the gunbattle , officials said . Coalition troops called in additional forces to assist in the operation as the firefight continued . "  The recent fighting season has not materialized as the insurgents had predicted , " NATO spokesman Brig. Gen. Carsten Jacobsen told reporters in Kabul . "  But the insurgents are resilient and far from defeated . " An investigation is under way , Jacobsen said . On Tuesday , the commanding general at U.S. Central Command , James Mattis , announced in a statement that U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Colt was investigating the circumstances surrounding the crash . CNN 's David Ariosto and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : All the remains are "  unidentifiable " for now , an official says President Obama pays his respects and visits with family members Sources say Defense Secretary Panetta is asked not to identify slain SEALS The remains of the 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel killed arrive in Delaware
CNN  -- You 'd be forgiven for not knowing , but the end of April marks a very important date in the Swedish calendar . "  Walpurgis Eve " celebrates the transition from winter to summer . Every year bonfires are lit , songs are sung and it 's not unheard of for parties to go on late into the night . Why such jubilation ? Because the Nordic winters are dark , cold , long and cruel . Meanwhile , the summers -- while hardly exotic -- are bright and full of opportunities that are otherwise prohibited by the fearfully inhospitable climate . Nowhere is this truer than in the far north of Sweden , where temperatures range from minus 40 C  minus 40 F  in the winter to plus 30 C  86 F  in the summer . Along with a portion of neighboring Finland , the area is more commonly known as Lapland , and while the region retains an association with flying reindeer and a jolly bearded man , it is in fact home to a flourishing indigenous people called the Sami , as well as a magnificent parade of scenic treats that truly come alive in the summer . If you 're not convinced , read on for four reasons to plan your summer vacation in Lapland . The midnight sun Due to its location north of the Arctic Circle , Lapland is bathed in sunlight around the clock , non-stop for two precious months a year . This geographical quirk means that -- throughout June and July -- visitors can enjoy the rare spectacle of the midnight sun , where notions of day and night are quickly forgotten . The dim pink midnight light lends the landscape an unearthly dimension , and permits the novel experience of midnight forest hikes and even 24-hour golfing sessions . Indeed , the excruciatingly picturesque "  Björkliden GC " -- the northernmost golf course in Sweden , is a favorite among midnight golfers , nestled discreetly as it is between Sweden 's mountain borders and the icy clear Lake Torneträsk . Here , the fairways and greens are designed to showcase the scenery and , halfway through the course , players can reflect on their performance over a cup of hot coffee inside a traditional Sami tent . Read related : Photographer 's Lapland journey highlights global warming Skiing in your t-shirt Situated 250 kilometers up from the Arctic Circle , Riksgränsen is the most northerly ski resort in Europe . Unlike most European ski resorts , however , Riksgränsen does n't really get going until the sun starts hanging around for longer at the beginning of March . By June , it is sometimes warm enough on the slopes to ski in shorts and a t-shirt . Factor in a midnight-sun ski run , and you 've a unique proposition by anybody 's standards . Novices be warned though -- while Riksgränsen has some world-class facilities and a range of 17 slopes that it says are suitable for all abilities , the resort is principally renowned for it 's off-piste action , which is both technically challenging and , with a mountainous climb back up , physically demanding . Summer hikes With its great forests , wild rivers and ominous mountains , Lapland has acquired the moniker of "  Europe 's last wilderness . " Here , the mountain range drops towards Norway and curves into Finland , forming the backbone of Sweden , and there are around 2,000 mountains and caves that can be explored throughout the region . But while the winter months are dark , treacherous and shrouded in a white uniform of snow , summer brings with it the chance to see this part of the world in all its green grassy goodness . The magnificent "  King 's Trail " -- one of Sweden 's most popular trekking routes -- opens up in June . The 440 kilometer footslog from the botanical wonderland of Abisko National Park in the north , to the pretty backpacker 's town of Harnavan in the south , taking in the giant Kebnekaise -- Sweden 's highest mountain - is divided into four portions that represent roughly one week of hiking each . Wooden huts are dotted along the trail , spread over distances a walker should expect to cover in the course of day  about nine to 22 kilometers  . Those on a tight budget -- or with a penchant for roughing it -- can pitch a tent outside and use the facilities . Summertime "  Ice Hotel " Lapland is also home to the world 's first and largest "  Ice Hotel " -- where guests bunk down on a bed of ice blocks and a reindeer skin-covered mattress . In fact almost everything , from the chandeliers to the tables and chairs , is made from ice and snow . First built in 1989 , in the remote village of Jukkasjärvi , when the founders of an ice-sculpting course invited some of their students to stay the night , the Ice Hotel has for years been a winter-only operation . But now , for the first time , the hotel will open its frosty doors in the summer . As every year , the latest incarnation has been crafted from scratch by a team of sculptors using blocks of frozen water from the nearby Torne River . The founders describe it as both boutique accommodation and "  ephemeral art project " -- as the fruit of their labor vanishes in the sun as each season comes to an end .	The sub-Arctic region of Lapland is not as unusual a summer destination as it might seem Between May and August the otherwise inhospitable terrain opens up with green expanses and midnight sun Skiing in shorts and t-shirt , sleeping in an ice hotel and 24-hour golf among reasons to visit
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's prime minister continued his outspoken criticism of China 's crackdown on ethnic Uyghurs on Saturday . A Uyghur student cries as Turks pray on Friday in Ankara , Turkey , for people who died in protests in Urumqi , China . In remarks published by the official Anatolian Agency , Recep Tayyip Erdogan denouncing what he called "  savagery " and called on the Chinese government to "  give up efforts to assimilate " the country 's Uyghur minority . On Friday , Erdogan went a step further , announcing to journalists upon his return to Ankara from the Group of Eight summit in Italy that "  the incidents in China are a genocide . There 's no point in interpreting this otherwise . " Many Turks view the Uyghurs of Central Asia as fellow Turkic , Muslim brothers . At least 184 people died in last weekend 's violent protests in Urumqi , in China 's far-west Xinjiang region , according to Chinese state-run media . The violent demonstrations also left more than 1,000 injured in the capital , according to government figures . Heavily armed troops remain on the streets of Urumqi and curfews are in effect . The violence is a result of ethnic tensions between the Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and members of China 's Han majority . Hundreds of Han Chinese were on the streets of Urumqi last Tuesday , holding sticks and pipes and calling for severe punishment of the Uyghurs , who they say committed serious crimes . The Uyghurs say they have been victimized and many of those killed in the violence Sunday were Uyghurs . Uyghur religious leaders have condemned the violence , saying it is against the spirit of the Muslim faith and Uyghur tradition . Several hundred Turkish and Uyghur demonstrators gathered during the past week to protest outside the Chinese embassy in Ankara . In another comment widely reported in the Turkish press , Erdogan announced he would be willing to approve a visa for Rebiya Kadeer , an exiled Uyghur activist currently residing in the United States . Kadeer issued a response on Saturday , which was distributed to CNN from her publisher and publicist , Kenneth Kales . "  I am grateful to Prime Minister Erdogan for his comment that Turkey will grant me a visa . I look forward to traveling to Turkey as soon as possible . The Uyghur and the Turkish people share close cultural and linguistic roots . "  The Uyghurs and Turks consider themselves as the same people . Uyghurs cherish our common language , customs , and spirit of freedom . We embrace the opportunity to meet with our Turkish cousins . " However , Kadeer was "  not entitled to represent the Uyghur people , " a former Xinjiang official said , according to China 's state-run media . Ismail Amat , an ethnic Uyghur who headed China 's Xinjiang regional government , was quoted by the Xinhua news agency as calling Kadeer "  scum . "	Turkey 's PM calls on China to stop assimilation efforts of Uyghurs in Xinjiang Prime Minister Erdogan labels latest violence in Urumqi as "  genocide " Clashes in Urumqi erupted over ethnic tensions between Uyghurs and Han
A strong earthquake damaged hundreds of homes in southern Mexico Tuesday and rattled residents hundreds of miles away in the nation 's capital . The quake had a magnitude of 7.4 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , and its epicenter was about 15 miles  25 kilometers  east of Ometepec , Guerrero . Mexican authorities reported the magnitude of the quake as 7.8 . At least 500 homes in the southern coastal state were damaged , Gov. Angel Aguirre told reporters . The temblor injured at least 11 people , Mexican Interior Minister Alejandro Poire told reporters . Nine of the injuries occurred in Oaxaca state , which borders Guerrero and also suffered damage from the quake , he said . Two people were injured in Mexico City , about 200 miles  320 km  from the quake 's epicenter . Guerrero residents felt aftershocks hours after the quake , which the USGS said had a depth of about 12.4 miles  20 km  . "  There are many cracked ceilings , many houses that collapsed , " Francisca Villalva Davila , Ometepec 's comptroller , told CNN en Español . Authorities were still surveying damage Tuesday evening , Poire said . Reports differed about the earthquake 's impact . Officials reported that at least 800 houses had collapsed in the town of Igualapa , the Guerrero state government said in a statement . Later Tuesday , the head of Guerrero 's civil protection department said officials had confirmed 200 damaged homes in the town . That number could increase when assessments of the area continue Wednesday , he said . Residents rushed into the streets after feeling the temblor in Mexico City . Tourists and residents also felt the earthquake in the resort city of Acapulco , located about 100 miles  200 km  from the quake 's epicenter . Calderon said that there were no immediate reports of serious damage , and that the nation 's health system was operating normally . "  There are some broken windows , much fear , much panic , " he said . The USGS initially reported the magnitude of the quake at 7.9 , but later revised that figure downward to 7.4 . Residents in the southwestern states of Oaxaca and Guerrero and the eastern state of Veracruz reported that phone service had been knocked out . Multiple houses collapsed in the Ometepec area , Aguirre told CNN affiliate Televisa . Government helicopters were surveying the area , he said , and officials were preparing shelters for displaced residents . Authorities in Mexico City were surveying buildings , schools and hospitals to evaluate damage , Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said . One person was injured when a pedestrian bridge fell on a minibus during the quake , he said . Some buildings had cracks and broken windows , he said in a Twitter post . Earthquakes are a frightening experience for the more than 20 million residents who live in the sprawling metropolis , where about 10,000 people perished after a massive quake in 1985 . The city , built on volcanic ash and clay , is particularly vulnerable to temblors . A spokeswoman told reporters that U.S. President Barack Obama 's eldest daughter , who was on a spring trip with classmates in Mexico about 100 miles away from the quake 's epicenter , was not injured . "  In light of today 's earthquake , we can confirm that Malia Obama is safe and was never in danger , " said Kristina Schake , a spokeswoman for first lady Michelle Obama .	Interior minister : 11 people are injured nationwide At least 500 homes are damaged in Guerrero state , the governor says At epicenter : "  There are many cracked ceilings , many houses that collapsed " Residents rush into the streets in Mexico City , about 200 miles from the epicenter
CNN  -- That time of year 's coming up again . Fire up the noisemakers , pop champagne , and put on those goofy 2015 glasses . Yes , in one day , New Year 's Eve is upon us . But , if like thousands of others , you 're dreading the night and its obligatory accoutrements , take heart . You 're not alone . John Oliver feels your pain . "  New Year 's Eve is the worst , " the comedian said in a web only mini installment of his show ` Last Week Tonight with John Oliver . ' "  New Year 's Eve is like the death of a pet : You know it 's going to happen , but somehow , you 're never really prepared for how truly awful it is , " he said . Why 's it so bad ? According to Oliver : "  Forced interaction with strangers , being drunk cold and tired , and having to stare at Ryan Seacrest for five solid minutes waiting for him to tell you what the time is . " But this year , Oliver 's got your backs . In the video , he offers you several excuses to get you out of New Year 's Eve commitments . Say a friend invites you to a party at his house . "  Do you really want to sit on your friend 's sofa and watch hummus turn brown all night ? You do n't . What to do ? "  Simply tell them you 're doing a cleanse . " Oliver suggests . "  The beauty is , there will be no followup questions , because nobody wants to hear about your -LSB- expletive -RSB- cleanse . So you 're out . "	Oliver offers several excuses you can use "  New Year 's Eve is like the death of a pet , " he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Three of Michael Jackson 's brothers claim in a lawsuit filed this week that they 've been "  duped " by a company selling replicas of jackets worn by the pop icon . The endorsement deal was the first involving Michael Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , who posed for pictures with his uncles as they autographed the limited-edition jackets . The "  Thriller " and "  Beat It " jackets went on sale online last week , but Jackie , Tito and Marlon Jackson filed a lawsuit Tuesday alleging the marketer bounced a check to them for travel expenses . Steeve Bohbot , owner of Connected Internationals Sales , also failed to pay each of the three brothers the $ 100,000 each for signing the 1,000 leather jackets , the suit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court Tuesday , contends . "  Plaintiffs , tired of chasing Bohbot for the moneys , have no choice but to seek redress from the courts , " it said . The suit alleges that Bohbot told the Jackson 's that the delayed payment was caused by a problem with the jackets ' delivery to Amazon.com , but it was not true . The brothers believe the company is insolvent and has not paid other creditors , including Michael Jackson 's estate , which authorized the sale , the suit said . Bohbot did not respond to CNN calls for comment . The Jackson brothers , who recently reunited onstage for a series of concerts , gathered at West Hollywood 's Bar Marmont on October 29 to sign the jackets . Prince Jackson , who has previously stayed away from commercial endorsements , joined them at the event , but he did not autograph the jackets . Prince Jackson is not involved in the lawsuit since he was not part of the marketing agreement . It was not disclosed how much he was to be paid to attend and pose with the jackets . Connected International Sales "  duped plaintiffs into a scheme to sign 1,000 collectors ' jackets , " the suit said . Michael Jackson debuted the red "  Beat It " and red and black "  Thriller " jackets , designed by Marc Laurent , in 1983 . The Jackson brothers signed 500 of each jacket , which are still on sale for $ 2,350 .	Jackie , Marlon and Tito Jackson signed 1,000 "  Thriller , " "  Beat It " jackets Marketer failed to pay them $ 300,000 as agreed , their lawsuit says Michael Jackson replica jackets are on sale for $ 2,350 each Prince Jackson took part in jacket announcement
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said Thursday that congressional opposition makes the likelihood of closing the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , "  very , very low . " Gates ' remarks at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee was one of the clearest signs yet of the dim prospects for carrying out one of President Barack Obama 's earliest executive orders : to shutter the facility where the U.S. military has detained suspected terrorists since 2002 . "  I think we are in the position , frankly , the prospects for closing Guantanamo , the best I can tell , are very , very low given very broad opposition to doing that here in the Congress , " Robert Gates told the Senate Armed Services Committee . Asked what the United States would do about holding so-called high-value targets , which presumably would include Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders , Gates responded , "  I think the honest answer to that is , we do n't know . "  If we capture them outside the area where we are at war and are not covered by the existing war authorizations , one possibility is for a person to be in the custody of their home government , " Gates said . "  Another possibility is that we bring them to the United States . Retired Navy Cmdr. Kirk Lippold , Senior Fellow for Military Families United , said in a statement that the admission shows the administration "  is finally realizing that Guantanamo Bay remains the only facility suitable for detaining top al-Qaeda operatives and other terrorists . " "  It is essential to keep GITMO open as a state of the art intelligence collection facility and terrorist detention center , " said Lippold , who was commander of the USS Cole , the Navy destroyer attacked by a suicide bomber , killing 17 and wouding 37 , in October 2000 . "  The nation 's security is not something that should be subject to guesswork . A plan must be put into place for terrorists who are captured and that plan must start at Guantanamo Bay . " On January 22 , 2009 , two days after his inauguration , Obama issued an executive order requiring that the Guantanamo Bay detention facility be closed within a year , seemingly fulfilling an oft-made promise during his campaign . But controversy over whether to try the suspected terrorists imprisoned there in federal court or in military commissions brought the issue to a legal and political stalemate . In an interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " in December 2010 , then-press secretary Robert Gibbs encapsulated the problem from the administration 's perspective : "  Well , obviously , there are prohibitions , legislatively , on the transfer of some of the prisoners . Some would be tried in federal courts , as we 've seen done in the past . Some would be tried in military commissions , likely spending the rest of their lives in a maximum security prison that nobody , including terrorists , have ever escaped from . And some , regrettably , will have to be indefinitely detained . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : Plan for captured terrorists "  must start at Guantanamo Bay , " military advocate says Robert Gates speaks at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee Defense secretary cites "  broad opposition " in Congress to closing the facility Still unknown is what U.S. would do if it captured a high-value target like bin Laden
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Robert Culp , the actor who rose to fame as secret agent Kelly Robinson on the groundbreaking 1960s TV series "  I Spy " and later played Ray Romano 's father-in-law on "  Everybody Loves Raymond , " has died . He was 79 . Culp died after falling on a sidewalk near a Los Angeles park , said his publicist , Dick Delson . Delson had no further details . The versatile Culp not only acted in "  I Spy , " which aired on NBC from 1965 to 1968 , he also wrote several episodes . The series , which also starred Bill Cosby as Robinson 's partner  and , as their covers , trainer to Culp 's globe-trotting tennis player  , was the first to feature an African-American in a lead role ; Cosby won three Emmys for his work . "  I never had so much fun in my life , never , before or since , " he said of "  I Spy " in a 2007 interview with the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ' Archive of American Television . Culp and Cosby remained good friends after the series left air . But Culp could be hard on himself , he said -- material he channeled into Kelly Robinson . "  There are a lot of flaws in Kelly Robinson , much more than you see in the ordinary leading character on a TV show , " he said . "  Those all come from inside . Those are all part of me . " Culp collapsed near the lower entrance to Runyon Canyon Park , a popular hiking area in Hollywood , according to a Los Angeles Police official . He was pronounced dead at a hospital a half hour later , Officer Rosaria Herrera said . It was unclear if the fall caused his death , and the coroner has opened an investigation , she said . Culp made the transition to motion picture actor with mixed success . He starred in 1969 's "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , " a talked-about film about spouse-swapping couples , as well as 1971 's "  Hannah Caulder , " opposite Raquel Welch , and 1972 's "  Hickey & Boggs . " Later in his career , he also appeared in "  The Pelican Brief "  1993  . But he was most often seen on television , appearing in dozens of series episodes and TV movies over his 50-year career , starting with scores of episodes of Westerns and Golden Age dramas in the '50s and early '60s . His notable credits include a co-starring role in the series "  The Greatest American Hero " and appearances on "  The Cosby Show , " "  Columbo , " "  Wings , " "  Chicago Hope " and "  Raymond . " Culp is survived by his fifth wife , Candace Faulkner . His five marriages produced five children and five grandchildren , according to his Web site . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Culp , 79 , gained TV stardom in 1960s with "  I Spy " He also played father-in-law in "  Everybody Loves Raymond " Movie roles include 1969 's "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , " "  The Pelican Brief " in ' 93
If you do n't get the job done at work , you wo n't get paid . But Congress plays by its own rules . Specifically , Congress has n't passed a budget in almost four years . This is basic -- and required by law . Congress seems to think it 's bigger than the law , however , which might help explain one recent poll that found it less popular than root canals , cockroaches and Donald Trump . That 's why an act passed in the House on Wednesday deserves widespread support , as well as Senate passage . It 's called "  No Budget , No Pay , " and it means what it says . If members of Congress ca n't pass a budget on time , they would n't get paid until they did . Sadly , this low bar seems high . In fact , according to the Washington Post , Congress has passed spending bills on time only four times in the past 30 years . This is your money . And our elected representatives seem to have forgotten that presenting a stable plan on how to spend the money is a basic part of their job description . Instead , Washington has gotten used to living from continuing resolution to continuing resolution . This ai n't the way it 's supposed to be . In fact , it is a violation of the 1974 Budget Control Act  PDF  . But somehow , breaking the laws they set for themselves does n't seem to be an urgent concern to these Congresscrats , despite the fact that the U.S. government spent $ 3.7 trillion last year  PDF  . The absence of a budget does n't just violate common sense ; there are real dollars and cents costs . Without a budget , it becomes difficult for government to make long-term spending decisions that affect us all . Now , House Republicans have seized on this idea as part of their bid to extend the debt ceiling deadline until mid-May . To be clear , this is just kicking the can , but it 's still a responsible step in the right direction . "  No Budget , No Pay " was originally proposed by No Labels , a group of Democrats , Republicans and independents dedicated to the politics of problem-solving . I helped found the citizens ' group in 2010 with Mark McKinnon , Nancy Jacobson , Bill Galston , Lisa Borders , Kiki McLean , David Walker and many others . The proposal was the cornerstone of the "  Make Congress Work " plan released last year . The idea was quickly adopted by Republican Dean Heller in the Senate and Democrat Jim Cooper in the House . But it met stiff resistance from other members of Congress who did n't like the idea of personal accountability for institutional dysfunction . Now , suddenly , after the election results of 2012 , there is renewed interest in the idea , largely because it resonates with constituents as such a common sense proposal . "  No Budget , No Pay " is a no-brainer . The proposal is getting support from more than the GOP House leadership . A large number of centrist "  Blue Dog Democrats " have announced their intention to vote for the measure , and the White House released a statement saying it would not try to oppose the measure because it would at least provide a "  short term solution to the debt limit . " According to the bill , if lawmakers did n't pass a budget by April 15 , their pay would be docked and put in an escrow account until they found a way to work together on this front . Not incidentally , that 's also the reason "  No Budget , No Pay " does not violate the 27th Amendment , which forbids salary increases or reductions during a current Congress : Their salary is not being reduced , it is being withheld until they actually do their job . Time and time again in this divided , dysfunctional Congress , we have seen partisan gridlock fall away only when members ' self-interest is at stake . That 's why we see the flurry of activity at the end of the year , when members of Congress want to get home for the holidays . Docking their pay would get their attention and focus their mind . Let me be clear : A long-term solution to the debt ceiling debacles still needs to be found . Congress is now the greatest single impediment to American economic recovery , in large part because a bloc of 50 or so votes on the far right seems enamored with playing chicken with our country 's full faith and credit . The last time we went through this idiotic ideological exercise , America got its AAA credit rating downgraded . Standard and Poors stated the reason clearly : "  The effectiveness , stability , and predictability of American policymaking and political institutions have weakened at a time of ongoing fiscal and economic challenges . " But the House GOP vote to at least extend the debt-ceiling deadline and impose a common sense measure like "  No Budget , No Pay " is sign of sanity at the start of the second Obama term . It will not solve all our problems , but at least by imposing a degree of personal accountability on members of Congress , it might encourage constructive cooperation instead of last-minute scrambles and hyperpartisan brinksmanship . If patriotic conscience ca n't compel Congress to work together , maybe requiring them to have some personal skin in the game will inspire them to do their job .	John Avlon : Most people who fail to do their jobs do n't get paid Avlon : Congress has n't passed a budget in nearly four years Congress has passed a budget on time only four times in 30 years , he writes Avlon : House GOP backs bill that would dock lawmakers ' pay till budget is passed
CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia downplayed reports of personal and ideological rifts stemming from the recent landmark health care reform ruling , telling CNN in an exclusive interview "  it offends me " to hear criticism of his colleagues over how they ruled . The 76-year-old justice talked Wednesday with CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " discussing a range of judicial topics -- from the death penalty to abortion rights and the Bush v. Gore decision . Scalia , along with Bryan Garner , is co-author of a new book , "  Reading Law : The Interpretation of Legal Texts . " The men describe their legal philosophy , and how to make sense of the law and the U.S. Constitution . They call their approach "  textualism . " Even in dissent , Scalia stirs controversy Scalia would not specifically address the health care decision or other recent or current case issues , such as immigration enforcement , affirmative action or gay marriage . And he would not discuss how the court reached its health care ruling in internal deliberations . But the conservative justice downplayed media reports of personal fallout from opposing conservative and liberal members of the court over the 5-4 decision three weeks ago . Scalia was on the losing side of the ruling upholding the Affordable Care Act , the sweeping legislation championed by President Barack Obama . Chief Justice John Roberts was the deciding vote in that decision , agreeing with his liberal colleagues to uphold the individual mandate , which would financially punish people who do not purchase health insurance . Some media and blog reports -- citing sources with specific knowledge of the deliberation process -- suggested strong tensions among the court 's conservatives over Roberts ' vote , which some commentators perceived as political expediency . But Scalia said it was wrong to question Roberts or other court members personally for their legal conclusions . "  We are not a political institution , " Scalia said . "  I do n't think any of my colleagues on any cases vote the way they do for political reasons . " Scalia added he was dismayed at the criticism of Roberts , suggesting those who may have leaked information were not entirely privy to the internal discussions over the health care decision . On abortion , Scalia said the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision legalizing the medical procedure should be overturned , believing it remains an issue best left for states to decide . No matter what it does , high court is seen as political The court does n't do democracy any favors by getting involved in the abortion debate in such a way , according to Scalia . Likewise with capital punishment , Scalia said the issue is not whether the court should ultimately decide whether there should still be a death penalty -- he claimed not to have an opinion on that -- but rather whether individual states should decide such a question . "  If you do n't like the death penalty , fine , change the law , " he said . "  I 'm not ` pro ' death penalty , I 'm ` anti ' the idea that is not ultimately a democratic choice . " But he emphasized capital punishment has been around since the nation 's founding and was well-established in law and social tradition . And Scalia reiterated his firm views over what he agreed was the most talked-about recent court decision -- the 2000 ruling effectively handing the presidency to George W. Bush after the Florida ballot recounts . "  Get over it , " he said about supporters of Al Gore , many of whom are still convinced the case was wrongly decided in favor of the Republican . "  He  Gore  would have lost anyway if all the ballots were recounted . " In his new book , Scalia argues interpreting laws and the Constitution properly requires a strict approach to look at the actual text of the law itself . He warns that squishy , unprincipled decision-making is bad for the country and for the reputation of judges themselves . "  The descent into social rancor over judicial decisions is largely traceable to nontextual means of interpretation , which erodes society 's confidence in a rule of law that evidently has no agreed-upon meaning , " write Scalia and Garner . The jaunty jurist has long been able to light up , or ignite , a room with his often brash demeanor and wicked sense of humor , and he displayed that in the hourlong conversation with Morgan . Despite his reputation as an intellectual fighter , Scalia described himself as "  a peaceful man . " When asked if he had ever broken the law , the justice said , "  I 've had a few speeding tickets , though none recently . " His outgoing personality and sharply written opinions have made him among the most recognizable of justices , and a particular favorite of conservative activists , scholars and lawmakers . President Ronald Reagan named Scalia to the high court in 1986 after previous jobs as an appeals court judge , a government and private lawyer , and a law professor . Justices finances show overseas travel , book royalties , gifts "  At one extreme , he can alienate some of his colleagues , " said Joan Biskupic , legal affairs editor at Reuters , who has written a biography of Scalia . "  If he is trying to get anybody to sign an opinion , it was harder when he would use more combative language . But as much as they would say ` I 'd like to strangle Nino , ' he was still theirs in many ways . " That harshness was evident in the closing days of the term ending in June . On two issues that left Scalia on the losing side -- health care and immigration enforcement -- he displayed the fierce rhetoric that has become his trademark . Scalia , writing for the minority , argued the court 's ruling favoring federal authority over immigration matters encroaches on Arizona 's sovereign powers . "  If securing its territory in this fashion is not within the power of Arizona , we should cease referring to it as a sovereign State . " "  He can be belligerent ; he is obviously very candid about how he feels , " Biskupic said . "  He loves to call it as he sees it , completely not politically correct . In fact , he prides himself on not being PC on the bench , in court . " Many legal scholars say Scalia ultimately failed to sway his colleagues on the really big constitutional issues , and court sources say he has grown somewhat frustrated over the years being on the losing side of many cases , or not being able to write more majority opinions . Antonin Gregory Scalia was born in 1936 and admitted to being the center of attention as the only child , doted on by his father , a Sicilian-born professor of romance languages , and his mother , a schoolteacher . They instilled a love of learning and the confidence to exercise his intellectual muscles . He attended Georgetown University as an undergrad , and later Harvard Law School , where he met his future wife , Maureen McCarthy , who was attending nearby Radcliffe . They raised nine children , including a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve , and a priest . The family is united by a strong Catholic faith . When asked about his greatest achievement as a judge , Scalia went back to the foundation of his book . He said he hoped he has moved his colleagues toward a more textured view of the law . "  The court pays more attention now to the text " of the law and the Constitution , he said , and less to legislative history , congressional floor debates and the views of foreign governments . For a lover of language , the precise meaning of words contained in the law has been his goal . And he has no plans to step down anytime soon . "  Of course , I 'll retire when I start to realize I 'm not doing as good a job as I should , " he said , adding he still thinks he is fully engaged . Taking a look at Scalia 's influence , defiance Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	CNN 's Piers Morgan interviews Justice Antonin Scalia Scalia says he was dismayed by recent criticism of Chief Justice John Roberts "  I 'm not ` pro ' death penalty , " he says , arguing that it should be a democratic choice The conservative jurist has argued for state sovereignty in several major cases
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- In response to a spate of attacks allegedly by a drug cartel , Mexico more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling the state of Michoacan , a government spokeswoman said . Drug violence is up in Michoacan state , shown by recent attacks on police in at least a half-dozen cities . The government on Thursday dispatched 1,000 federal police officers to Michoacan state in southwest Mexico , increasing its presence to 1,300 total , Public Safety spokeswoman Veronica Penunuri told CNN . At least 18 federal agents and two soldiers have been killed since the weekend in Michoacan , the home state of President Felipe Calderon . The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest Saturday of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , whom authorities described as a high-ranking member of the drug cartel known as La Familia Michoacana . Cartel members first attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda , authorities said . When that failed , drug gangs attacked federal police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities , according to authorities . The Michoacan cartel also is accused in the slaying of 12 federal police officers whose bodies were found Tuesday on a remote highway . Video from the scene showed three signs , known as narcomensajes , left by the killers . They all stated the same thing : "  So that you come for another . We will be waiting for you here . " Since Calderon went after the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in 2006 , more than 10,000 people have died across Mexico , about 1,000 of them police . The state of Michoacan , on Mexico 's southwest Pacific coast , is not alone in the wave of violence sweeping the country . The border city of Ciudad Juarez set a record this weekend when its toll of drug-related deaths for the year topped 1,000 , a distinction the Mexican city did not reach last year until September .	Mexican government responding to a spate of deadly attacks in Michoacan The number of federal police officers patrolling the state has more than tripled Sudden spike in violence follows arrest Saturday of high-ranking drug cartel member La Familia Michoacana accused in the slayings of 12 federal police officers
CNN  -- A judge has ordered mediation in the case of a teen girl who says her family threatened to kill her for converting from Islam to Christianity . Rifqa Bary , 17 , ran away from her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July . She claims her father threatened to kill her . The 17-year-old girl , Rifqa Bary , ran away from her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July and took refuge in the home of the Rev. Blake Lorenz with the Global Revolution Church in Orlando , Florida . Bary 's parents want her back home . At a court hearing Thursday in Orlando , the girl 's parents denied all the allegations against them . Also at the hearing , Judge Daniel Dawson of the Orange County Juvenile Court ordered the girl and her parents to seek the mediation within 30 days . The judge had previously ruled that the girl will remain in Florida foster care until the allegations are resolved . The parents , Mohamed and Aysha Bary , could not attend the hearing in person but listened through a telephone conference as their lawyer spoke for them . They denied they ever threatened to kill their daughter because she converted to Christianity . Mohamed Bary told CNN he believes a lot of false information has been circulated about the case . "  We would n't do her harm , " the father said , adding that he knew his daughter was involved with Christian organizations . "  I have no problem with her practicing any faith , " he said . But Bary conceded he would have preferred that his daughter practice the Muslim faith first . The teen had heard of pastor Lorenz and his church through a prayer group on Facebook . The girl 's parents reported her missing to Columbus police , who found her two weeks later in Florida through cell phone records . The teenager , in a sworn affidavit , claims her father , 47 , was pressured by the mosque the family attends in Ohio to "  deal with the situation . " In the court filing , Rifqa Bary stated her father said , "  If you have this Jesus in your heart , you are dead to me ! " The teenager claims her father added , "  I will kill you ! " Watch the teen talk about her fears " Also at Thursday 's hearing , the judge sealed a report on the girl from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and issued a gag order for attorneys in the case . At one point during the hearing , the girl 's court-appointed guardian , Krista Bartholomew , told the court : "  This is not a holy war but a case about a broken family . " Outside the courthouse after the hearing , a Muslim activist and several Christian activists exchanged words over the case . Watch the heated exchanges " Another hearing is scheduled for September 29 if the family is not able to resolve the conflict through mediation .	Teenager claims father threatened to kill her because she converted to Christianity Parents of teen have denied all allegations against them Rifqa Bary , 17 , ran away from Ohio home ; took refuge in home of Christian pastor Judge orders teen and her family to seek mediation within 30 days
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie signed a law Thursday that encourages people to report drug overdoses without fear of being arrested , a measure he says will help save lives . "  Leaders of this state want them to save a life first , not worry about anything else thereafter , " he said . "  First to save a life and in return , the deal we 'll make with them is we wo n't prosecute them , we wo n't arrest them . " The Overdose Protection Act applies to those who seek medical help for themselves or someone else experiencing a drug overdose . The bill was passed 24-1 in the New Jersey Senate on Monday and will also eliminate legal action against those who administer overdose antidotes in life-threatening situations . Singer Jon Bon Jovi joined Christie for the law 's signing at a drug rehabilitation center in Paterson , New Jersey . Drug prevention advocates and family members of those who lost their lives to drug overdoses also attended . "  I hope that Gov. Christie 's actions here will cause other states to stand up and to pay attention and also to follow in his footsteps , " Bon Jovi said . Bon Jovi 's daughter Stephanie reportedly overdosed on heroin in November 2012 in her upstate New York dorm . Misdemeanor charges of possession of a controlled substance or the use of drug paraphernalia were later dropped because New York has a similar protection law . "  On behalf of those individuals and their families whose lives will be saved by this important legislation , I want to thank Gov. Christie and the New Jersey Legislature for passing the Good Samaritan bill , " Bon Jovi said . According to Drug Policy Alliance , New Jersey joins 11 states and the District of Columbia with similar protection laws .	Overdose Protection Act applies to those who seek medical help for themselves or someone else Jon Bon Jovi joins Gov. Chris Christie for the bill 's signing Law also applies to those who administer overdose antidotes in life-threatening situations
CNN  -- Norwegian officials say they think Islamist terrorists could strike the country within a few days , but they do not know what the plot is . The Police Security Service "  recently received information that individuals affiliated with an extreme Islamist group in Syria may have the intention of carrying out a terrorist action in Norway , " the service said in a statement Thursday . A preliminary investigation strengthened the credibility of the information , the statement said . "  We also have information indicating that a terrorist action against Norway is planned to be carried out shortly -- probably in a few days . "  We have no information about who is behind such an attack , how it will be carried out , the target or in what way such an attack will be carried out . ... As the information is not specific and not very concrete but at the same time credible , it is difficult to give advice to the citizens of this country on how to act in this situation . " Security has been increased at airports , train stations , ports and major intersections , according to The Nordic Page , a Norwegian English-language news site . Norway has long been threatened by Muslim extremists . Al Qaeda leader Ayman Zawahiri mentioned Norway in a recording released back in 2003 -- when he was Osama bin Laden 's top deputy , -- that urged Muslims to take a lesson from the 9/11 hijackers and "  light a fire under the feet " of the United States , Britain , Australia and Norway by attacking embassies and corporations . At the time , Norwegian media speculated that al-Zawahiri may have confused Norway with neighboring Denmark . But while Norway did not support the war in Iraq , it did send special forces and fighter planes to Afghanistan as part of the U.S.-led war . In 2004 , Norwegian officials arrested the former leader of an Iraqi Islamic militant group . In 2006 , Norwegian embassies were among the targets of violent protests after newspapers in several countries including Norway published depictions of Islam 's Prophet Mohammed . In 2011 , Norway suffered a terrorist attack carried out by Anders Behring Breivik , a right-wing extremist with a hatred of Muslims . Eight people died in a bombing in Oslo , and 69 young people on nearby Utoya island were gunned down . The following year , the Muslim extremist group Ansar al-Sunna threatened Norway with a 9/11-style attack unless part of the capital , Oslo , was turned into a Muslim nation , the International Business Times reported . "  We do not wish to live together with dirty beasts like you , " the group wrote in a letter to Norwegian lawmakers and newspaper editors , according to the report . In its statement Thursday , Norway 's Police Security Service said "  Extreme Islamism is still the most serious terror threat against Norway . Also , we state that it has for a long time been a strategy to recruit extreme Islamists in war and conflict zones to carry out terrorist actions in Europe , and that Syria at the time being is considered to be the one of the leading arenas for this recruitment . " The threat from Islamist extremists is increasing , police said . While "  a great amount of threats " come in each year , most are not commented on openly , the statement said . But "  in the current situation , " police said , informing the public "  is the right thing to do . "	Norwegian police say terrorists could strike "  in a few days " The information is credible , police say Authorities do n't know who is involved or what the plot is Norway has long been threatened by Islamist extremists
CNN  -- Nick Faldo knows what it takes to win the Ryder Cup -- so when he says he would rather go into battle with Rory McIlroy in his side than Tiger Woods , it is probably worth listening . Six-time major winner Faldo remains Europe 's most successful player in the competition having taken 25 points from his duels against the U.S. . While his captaincy during the 2008 defeat at Valhalla was firmly criticized following a disappointing defeat , he remains one of the most iconic figures of the competition . Azinger slams Ryder Cup rival Faldo With the U.S. and Europe set to go head-to-head at Medinah Country Club in Chicago on Friday , world No. 1 McIlroy is expected to lead the charge for Jose Maria Olazabal 's team . The 23-year-old has enjoyed a sensational run of form , winning the 2011 U.S. Open and the 2012 PGA Championship and more recently the Deutsche Bank Championship , before pocketing a cool $ 3 million at the FedEx Cup last weekend . Those achievements have convinced Faldo to back a man playing in just his second Ryder Cup tournament ahead of 14-time major champion and current World No. 2 Woods "  I 'd pick Rory , " said Faldo . "  They 're both really marked men now . "  Rory is at the top of the game and everybody in America wants to beat him now and at 23 he has a pretty daunting job on his shoulders . McIlroy dismisses claim that Tiger is ` intimidated ' "  You send out your teams you think are going to give you a point but he 's a marked man so it gives him a moral victory if somebody beats him as well and that 's what I 'm trying to say . "  It 's the same with Tiger . I think Tiger has obviously changed a lot . I think he recognises the importance of having that team around him and how good it is for him to do his bit for the team . "  Every player would love to do their part for the Ryder Cup team . " Europe triumphed by a single point at Celtic Manor two years ago with Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell sinking the winning putt following his titanic tussle with Hunter Mahan . Europe beats U.S. to win Ryder Cup A quick glance at the world rankings shows that Europe has four players inside the top five with Woods at No. 2 separating the likes of McIlroy from Luke Donald , Lee Westwood and Justin Rose . But the U.S. is looking a far more accomplished team this time around with the likes of Brandt Snedeker hoping to build on his stunning Tour Championship and FedEx Cup victory . U.S captain Davis Love III also has the likes of Bubba Watson , Jason Duffner and Webb Simpson to call on in addition to the more experienced players such as Steve Stricker , Phil Mickelson and Jim Furyk . "  On paper you look at the two teams and they 're really well matched , " said Faldo . " Both teams have got bombers , both teams have got steady-eddies and both have got fiery putters "  At the start of the year I said it would maybe be a tie to try and dismiss the question early on . But now it could be . "  I 'm not sitting on the fence , it could be a point either way and who knows who is going to get the momentum . "  I 'm split in the middle and it could well be a tie . "	Nick Faldo has won more points at the Ryder Cup than any other European player in history of competition Faldo captained Europe during their disastrous defeat at Valhalla four years ago World No. 1 Rory McIlroy set to lead European challenge at Medinah Faldo unable to predict a winner with both teams so evenly matched
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentina 's president will undergo surgery next week after doctors diagnosed her with thyroid cancer , a spokesman said Tuesday . Routine medical tests last week uncovered papillary carcinoma in President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's thyroid gland , presidential spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said . Medical exams indicate that the cancer has not spread to her lymph nodes or grown beyond the thyroid gland , he said . Doctors are scheduled to operate on Fernandez on January 4 . She will take a medical leave and relinquish power to the South American nation 's vice president from January 4-24 , Scoccimarro said . Fernandez , 58 , was sworn in for a second four-year term earlier this month after she won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . Fernandez sworn in for second term She became Argentina 's president in 2007 . Her husband , Nestor Kirchner , was president from 2003-2007 . He died in October 2010 . Former Argentina President Kirchner dies suddenly During Fernandez 's presidency , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . Papillary carcinoma is the most common type of thyroid cancer and has an excellent survival rate , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine . More than 95 % of adults with papillary thyroid carcinoma survive at least 10 years , according to a description on the library 's website . Treatment includes surgery , radioactive iodine and medication , the library says . Possible complications in surgery can include damage to a nerve that controls the vocal cords or accidental removal of a gland that helps regulate blood calcium levels , according to the medicine library . Recently doctors have diagnosed several South American leaders with cancer . Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2010 . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that doctors had diagnosed him with cancer in June . He did not specify what kind of cancer he had , but after undergoing several rounds of chemotherapy , he said in October that he had been cured . Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is undergoing treatment for throat cancer .	President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's surgery is scheduled for January 4 Medical exams indicate the cancer has not spread beyond the thyroid , a spokesman says Spokesman : A routine medical exam uncovered papillary carcinoma in the president 's thyroid Doctors detect papillary carcinoma , the most common type of thyroid cancer
CNN  -- Reality TV star Tila Tequila suffered facial cuts when she was pelted with rocks and bottles while performing at a music festival in Illinois early Saturday , according to a witness and a law enforcement official . "  She 's pretty cut up , " said a performer who saw the violence at the "  Gathering of the Juggalos " in rural Hardin County , Illinois . The witness asked not to be identified so that he does not anger the juggalos . Tequila , a Playboy model who also sings , posted a Twitter message Saturday , saying she would sue the festival , which is organized for fans of the hip-hop group Insane Clown Posse . "  Pretty soon , the owners who run the juggalos will be bankrupt , " she tweeted . The fans are mostly young people who sometimes wear clown make up and are referred to as juggalos and juggalettes . Festival organizers did not immediately respond to CNN requests for a response . The performer said a mob of hundreds chased Tequila from the stage and surrounded the trailer where she sought refuge . They rocked the trailer and smashed its windows , the witness said . Tequila eventually escaped , but only after windows in her SUV were smashed , he said . Hardin County Sheriff Tom Seiner , who offered a similar description of the events , said he has an open investigation . It would be "  very hard " to identify the attackers unless he can locate video of the incident , the sheriff said . Tequila offered her descriptions of the events in a statement to celebrity news website TMZ . "  I went onstage and immediately , before I even got on stage , dudes were throwing huge stone rocks in my face , beer bottles that slit my eye open , almost burnt my hair ... cuz they threw fire crackers on stage , " she wrote . The witness , who was standing in the rear of the stage , said the crowd of about 2,000 was immediately angry toward Tequila and she was unable to turn them around . "  She was taunting them , " he said . "  She did n't know how to handle them . She did n't understand the dynamic . " The rocks and bottles flew harder and faster when Tequila bared her breasts , he said . "  She took her top off and they got really violent , " he said . Tequila continued to perform even after her face started bleeding , he said . "  She was holding a towel to her head , blood pouring down her face , " he said . "  It was scary as hell ! " Tequila wrote . This was not the only violent incident at the festival early Saturday , Seiner said . A 49-year-old Georgia man was arrested for allegedly stabbing another man in the abdomen just hours earlier , he said .	NEW : The sheriff hopes to find video to help ID the attackers Tila Tequila was performing at the "  Gathering of the Juggalos " Rocks and bottles hit Tequila as she rapped Witness : Violence escalated when she took off her top
A powerful earthquake off the Pacific coast of Guatemala on Wednesday sent debris crashing down onto cars , collapsed roads and killed dozens in the Central American nation , officials said . At least 48 people died in the temblor , President Otto Perez Molina said in a Twitter post Wednesday night , and doctors treated at least 150 others for injuries . Earlier Wednesday , Guatemala 's disaster relief agency said 29 people were missing and hundreds had lost their homes . Residents felt the 7.4-magnitude quake throughout Central America and as far north as Mexico City . Its epicenter was about 15 miles off the western coastal town of Champerico , at a depth of 26 miles . It was the strongest quake to hit Guatemala since 1976 , the president told reporters , when a 7.5-magnitude quake killed 23,000 people . "  Fortunately , the damage that we have is not at the same level , " Perez Molina said Wednesday . iReport : Video from the quake Roads collapsed in multiple locations around the Pacific coastal region of Guatemala , Perez Molina said . Photos on the Facebook page of the nation 's disaster relief agency showed rubble crushing cars and damage to the ceiling at a school in the department of San Marcos . There were reports of homes and schools destroyed in western Guatemala , Perez Molina told CNN en Español . Many people fled buildings when the tremor first hit . Some 60,000 people remained without power in the country because of the quake , the state-run AGN news agency reported . It was fortunate that the school year in Guatemala had recently come to end , so that no children were inside the school buildings that were damaged , Perez Molina said . In Guatemala City , 140 miles away from the quake 's epicenter , the quake made the desk and printer sway side to side in Fernando McDonald 's home office . McDonald , who shared a video of the quake with CNN 's iReport , described the quake as "  strong and long . " Fearing powerful aftershocks , the government issued a "  red alert " that warns people to take precautions , such as evacuating tall buildings . The alert stretches along the country 's entire Pacific coast . Are you there ? Share you stories , videos and images	At least 48 people are dead , Guatemala 's president says State media : 60,000 people remain without power after the quake Guatemala 's president says it 's the country 's largest quake in decades Homes and schools are reportedly destroyed by the quake
Washington  CNN  -- The word "  terrorism " in the United States usually brings to mind plots linked in some way to al Qaeda , while the danger posed to the public by white supremacists , anti-abortion extremists and other right-wing militants is often overlooked . Militants linked to al Qaeda or inspired by jihadist ideology have carried out four terrorist attacks in the United States since September 11 , which have resulted in 17 deaths . Thirteen of them were in a shooting incident at Fort Hood , Texas , in November 2009 . By contrast , right-wing extremists have committed at least eight lethal terrorist attacks in the United States that have resulted in the deaths of nine people since 9/11 , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation . And if , after investigation , Sunday 's attack on the Sikh temple in Wisconsin is included in this count , the death toll from right-wing terrorism in the U.S. over the past decade rises to 15 . The shooting suspect , Wade Michael Page , posed with a Nazi flag on his Facebook page and has played a prominent role in "  white power " music groups . The FBI is investigating the case as a "  domestic terrorist-type incident . " A particular concern for law enforcement is the Sovereign Citizens movement , whose adherents reject all U.S. laws as well as taxation and American currency . An FBI report published in 2011 said "  lone-offender sovereign-citizen extremists have killed six law enforcement officers " since 2000 . The numbers in the New America Foundation database may well understate the toll of violence from right-wing extremists . Another FBI study reported that between January 1 , 2007 , and October 31 , 2009 , white supremacists were involved in 53 acts of violence , 40 of which were assaults directed primarily at African-Americans , seven of which were murders and the rest of which were threats , arson and intimidation . Most of these were treated as racially motivated crimes rather than political acts of violence , i.e. terrorism . In the past year , the FBI has concluded investigations into a number of right-wing extremists , in some cases securing lengthy sentences for violent plots . In December , Kevin Harpham of Spokane , Washington , was sentenced to 32 years for planting a bomb at the site of a Martin Luther King Jr. parade . City workers found the bag containing the bomb an hour before the streets filled with parade-goers . After 9/11 , there was great concern that al Qaeda or an allied group would launch a terrorist attack involving chemical , biological , radiological or nuclear  CBRN  weapons . But in the past decade , there is no evidence that jihadist extremists in the United States have acquired or attempted to acquire material to construct CBRN weapons . By contrast , 11 right-wing and left-wing extremists have managed to acquire CBRN material that they planned to use against the public , government employees or both . Not included in those numbers were four elderly Georgia men who were arrested in November , accused of plotting to produce the deadly toxin ricin , which they wanted to throw out of a car window as they drove along a highways in the eastern and southern United States . The government says that one of the men , Frederick Thomas , was recorded by an informant as saying , "  There is no way for us , as militiamen , to save this country , to save Georgia , without doing something that 's highly , highly illegal : murder . " Right-wing extremist individuals over the past decade in the United States were as likely to use violence as a means to express their political or social beliefs as those motivated by Osama bin Laden 's ideology . Even more worryingly , during the same time period , right-wing and left-wing extremist groups and individuals have been far more likely to acquire toxins and to assemble the makings of radiological weapons than al Qaeda sympathizers .	FBI is investigating shootings at Sikh temple as act of domestic terrorism Authors : Al Qaeda gets more attention ; right-wing extremist terrorists pose a deadly threat Since 9/11 , U.S. has had more incidents of right-wing extremist terrorism than jihadi ones Authors : Right-wing , left-wing extremists more likely to obtain chemical , biological , radiological weapons
CNN  Jessie Usher , the lead of Starz 's series "  Survivor 's Remorse , " has been cast in Fox 's sequel "  Independence Day 2 . " Liam Hemsworth has also been cast in a lead role and Jeff Goldblum will reprise his role as David Levinson from the original . It has been nearly 20 years since the Will Smith-starring sci-fi film hit theaters , grossing more than $ 800 million worldwide at the box office . Director Roland Emmerich will return to helm the film . "  Independence Day 2 " is set for release on June 24 , 2016 -- almost exactly 20 years from when the first film hit theaters on July 3 , 1996 . Dean Devlin , Emmerich and Harald Kloser are producing . Independence Day 2 is a big get for Usher , who will play a central character in the new film as the son of Smith 's character . Smith 's role in the first blockbuster helped establish him as a star , kicking his career up to the next level . Usher stars in the Lebron James-produced Starz TV series "  Survivor 's Remorse " as Cam Calloway , a basketball player who moves with his family to Atlanta after he signs a pro contract . The first season premiered Oct. 4 , 2014 , and Starz quickly renewed the show for a second season , which will air later this year . The rising star 's film credits includes TriStar football drama When the Game Stands Tall , which hit theaters in August . On the TV side , he previously starred in the Cartoon Network 's series Level Up . He 's repped by Paradigm and Williams Unlimited . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Jeff Goldblum set to reprise his role in "  Independence Day 2 " Liam Hemsworth and Jessie Usher also cast in key roles Sequel will be released 20 years after the original box office smash about an alien invasion
CNN  -- The soaring popularity of smartphones and tablets is eroding the distinction between our business and personal worlds , says the head of British telecoms giant BT . Ian Livingston , BT 's chief executive officer , told Marketplace Europe the "  consumerization " of business -- the trend for personal consumer devices such as smartphones and tablet computers to be used in the workplace -- was redefining the way we do business . "  One of the things that we are seeing is the barrier between business and consumer is beginning to come down , " he said . "  What was assumed in the past was very much -LSB- that -RSB- your business life is over here and your personal life is over there -- that is not true , certainly not true for most of your business people . " The consumer sector was now taking the lead when it came to innovations in communication technology , giving workers the opportunity stay connected on their personal device around the clock -- whether in the office , at home or traveling . "  People are going to become networked all the time , " he said . "  I think we are just at the beginning of this revolution . " While there were clear benefits for businesses to be had from the new reality , it also raised challenges around security . "  It used to be that the IT department would say : ` How can I stop people from using it on our corporate network ? ' " he said . "  Today it is ` How can I help people use it securely on the corporate network ? ' " Livingston said BT was meeting some of the infrastructure costs required for the new communications environment by focusing on improving its customer service . "  The reason we start with customer service , apart from the obvious fact that customers like better service , is actually the biggest cost of our business and any telecoms business is the cost of failure . " Through initiatives such as the company 's "  First Time Right " program , it had managed to reduce its cost base by Â # 3 billion  $ 4.7 billion  over three years -- and halved the number of complaints received . "  Take the failures out of the business -- and we have done a lot of that -- and the costs fall out automatically , " he said . "  That cost transformation has got more to go , and it also frees up money and people to invest in the future of business . "	BT CEO : The growth of smartphones and tablets is changing our work patterns This "  consumerization " of business is blurring the lines between work and personal life The consumer sector is now driving innovation in communications tech , he says While businesses can benefit from this , it also raises security challenges
CNN  -- Playboy magazine recently published its first Hebrew language edition in Israel -- but has anyone actually been reading the articles to notice ? According to the publisher of the magazine , launched three months ago with Israeli model Nataly Dadon on the cover and an interview with a former Israeli intelligence chief between the sheets , the country is finally ready for a Hebrew Playboy . "  It 's a time when Israel is really joining the family of modern nations , and Playboy is just part of modern global culture , " says Dan Pomerantz , who emigrated from his native Chicago to Israel 15 months ago . "  The brand has been popular  in Israel  for a long time and a Hebrew language magazine can really reach the entire market , whereas the English language version is really a niche commodity . " With its third issue about to hit the newsstands , Pomerantz contends that the public are becoming more comfortable with the magazine 's content , while interest from potential advertisers , interview subjects and potential Playboy "  bunnies " is growing -- the magazine 's website has a form for would-be models to apply . "  So far we have n't had a negative reaction , " says Pomerantz , who acknowledges that many conservative and ultra-orthodox religious groups would "  not want to interact with the brand . " Read more : Butlers in demand in Gulf states Earlier attempts to launch adult magazines in Israel met greater opposition . Galia Albin , the publisher who introduced Penthouse Magazine into the country in 1989 , remembers a torrid 11 months before she sold the title . The reaction by religious groups was so fierce that the printing press was threatened with arson . "  It was n't easy , " she said . "  Good luck to  Playboy  , I think they are brave . Israel is open in some ways but in magazines , no . " Albin admits that she wanted a marketing gimmick that would cause a stir , but maintains that the magazine was introduced for more than just shock value , standing for a more liberal , secular society . "  Back then , secular Jews did n't think they had rights , " she says . Some observers believe that reading the Hebrew edition of Playboy could still be seen as political statement . "  Playboy makes a very specific claim , " says Hugo Schwyzer , the American author and commentator on gender studies . "  It does n't see itself as political , but it is political -- it advocates for hedonism and sexual pleasure and the right for women to bare their body in public ... Those are deeply political statements in Israel in a way that they are not really political in other countries . " However , for those on Israel 's liberal left , Playboy 's arrival in Hebrew is more like dusting off a relic from a bygone era . "  If you want nudity , there 's the internet , " says Sarah Tuttle-Singer , a blogger for the Times of Israel . "  I 'm not seeing very much fuss  in public about the launch of the magazine  . If they wanted to be interesting , they should have women wearing prayer shawls -- and only prayer shawls -- standing in front of the Kotel  Wailing Wall  . "  That might be scandalous , controversial , and at least something that we 've not seen before . Unless the articles are holding their own merit , I do n't see the interest , " she said , noting that the Hebrew edition 's Facebook page has only around 5,800 "  likes . " Gallery : Dubai 's stunning skyline Content aside , launching a new print publication , albeit with a well-known brand name , is still something of a business risk , when increasingly people use internet to find whatever they want , mostly for free . "  We do n't see ourselves as a magazine company , " says Pomerantz . "  High-quality content is what we provide . We are going to relaunch our website and give our audience a whole other avenue to reach us . What we 've found is that the printed magazine gives us a certain gravitas . " From a business standpoint , the launch could be seen as part of the brand 's global strategy to diversify , as its magazine sales have steadily declined since their high point in the 1970s . According to a recent report in the Wall Street Journal , the U.S. print publication loses around $ 6 million each year and uses licensing to international editions as a way to offset the losses . The familiar bunny logo is now more likely to be seen on clothing , jewelry , luggage or condoms than magazine covers . For all the potential pitfalls of print publishing and dealing with controversial content , Pomerantz remains bullish about the magazine 's ability to push a few boundaries . "  From the statistics on our website and Facebook , we can tell that a number of our followers are Arab speakers and Palestinians within Israel and neighboring countries , " he says . "  We are looking forward to putting together special content specifically to target the Arab market . We 've seen so far a real interest that we want to encourage . "	March saw the launch of Playboy magazine 's first edition in Hebrew Previous attempts to publish adult magazine in the 1980s were met with hostility Publisher says he has not seen a bad reaction since launch Some contend that the magazine is no longer very scandalous and the internet makes it less viable
CNN  Hockey player Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort on a drug-possession charge , CNN affiliate KSNV reported , citing a police spokesman . Stoll , 32 , was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy , according to KSNV . He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $ 5,000 bail . The Kings said in a statement , "  We are aware of police reports out of Clark County , Nevada regarding Jarret Stoll . Our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . While we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . " The Canadian player is a center and has been with the Kings since 2008 . The Kings , who won the Stanley Cup two of the past three seasons , did not make the NHL playoffs this season . He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews , who is a Fox Sports reporter and co-hosts "  Dancing with the Stars . " CNN contacted the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department to confirm details on Stoll 's arrest , but according to the dispatcher no information was available until the beginning of the week .	Stoll is a center who has played for the Kings since 2008 He is reportedly involved with sportscaster and "  Dancing with the Stars " host Erin Andrews
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso wo n't be saving Euskaltel Euskadi after all . But Alonso still wants a cycling team and might start one up from "  scratch . " Formula One 's highest-paid driver reached an initial agreement to buy Euskaltel Euskadi , Alonso 's website stated early this month , but negotiations since broke down . If the Spanish outfit ca n't find another major sponsor soon , it wo n't be around for a 20th year . "  The negotiations between Euskaltel and the representatives of Fernando Alonso for the acquisition of the cycling team Euskaltel Euskadi on behalf of the Asturian driver , which began with an agreement in principle on August 31 , have ended without an agreement , " the team said in a statement posted on its website . "  For Euskaltel it is sad news that after the hope generated by the agreement in principle a definitive agreement has not been formalized to guarantee a professional future for the members of the team and to reward the fans that have been loyal until the last moment . "  We would like to explain the details of the negotiations , because we have done our part , with total honesty , but it is not possible because we need to respect the confidentiality of the negotiations . " Alonso , a cycling fan who hails from Spain , later took to Twitter to respond . "  We 've tried it until the end but it 's just been impossible to have a cycling team in 2014 , " said Alonso . "  My passion for the sport , my will to cooperate and do my bit remains intact , so this is only the beginning of the future . "  From tomorrow morning we are going to work on building , if need be from scratch , a team we can be proud of . "  It was n't to be but it will be ! This adventure has only just begun . Let 's look forward to 2015 ! "	Fernando Alonso wo n't buy cycling team Euskaltel Euskadi after negotiations end The Spanish outfit must now find another major sponsor to keep afloat The two-time Formula One champion says he still wants to be involved with a cycling team He did n't rule out starting a team from "  scratch " and looked ahead to 2015
CNN  -- Congolese rebel leader Laurent Nkunda was arrested by Rwandan authorities early Friday , a development that raised hopes for peace in the war-ravaged country , representatives from both countries said . Laurent Nkunda , seen here last November , was reportedly arrested in Rwanda . Congolese forces first tried to capture the Tutsi rebel leader late Thursday evening near Bunagana , a village in eastern Congo . Rwandan authorities then captured Nkunda around 2 a.m. Friday , Omalanga added . The two countries were discussing efforts to extradite Nkunda back to the Congo . "  We think this is a major development in the peace process , " said Madnodje Mounoubai , a spokesman for the U.N. Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Hear how Nkunda tried to flee capture " The arrest could cause the estimated 1,500 rebel soldiers still loyal to Nkunda to join government forces and put a halt to most of the fighting in eastern Congo , said Mounoubai . "  It is also amazing that the two governments are working together , " Mounoubai said . Rwanda and Congo traditionally have been on different sides of the ongoing conflict in eastern Congo , which pits ethnic Tutsis supported by Rwanda against Congo-backed ethnic Hutus . The war is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide of the early 1990s , when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu . Renewed fighting broke out in eastern Congo at the end of August between rebels under the command of Nkunda and government forces . At the time , Nkunda said his forces were fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo . Nkunda declared a unilateral cease-fire on October 29 , but it failed to stop the fighting and reports of atrocities . The fighting in the area in the province of North Kivu in eastern Congo , has displaced more than 250,000 people since August , the United Nations reported . See photos from Mia Farrow 's trip to the Democratic Republic of Congo " A scathing report by a U.N. Security Council panel last month said that Rwanda and Congo are , in effect , fighting a brutal proxy war for territory and precious natural resources in eastern Congo , and all parties involved in the conflict are using execution , rape and child soldiers as tools of war . The report "  found evidence that Rwandan authorities have sent officers and units of the Rwanda Defense Forces " into Congo in support of Congo rebel leader Laurent Nkunda 's fighters . Francois Grignon of the International Crisis Group said it may still be hard to quell violence even after Nkunda 's arrest . "  Laurent Nkunda had developed a parallel administration in North Kivu , so it might be a challenge to push the remaining members of  Nkunda 's forces  to join with the Congolese army and give up that power , " said Grignon , whose organization has studied the conflict . "  But it is indeed a major development and a major breakthrough . " -- CNN 's David McKenzie in Nairobi and David Ariosto contributed to this report	Rwanda arrests Tutsi rebel leader , discussing his future with DRC Neighboring nations have been on different sides of the conflict in east Congo Struggle pits Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against the Congo-backed Hutu The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
The world 's animal population has halved in 40 years as humans put unsustainable demands on Earth , a new report warns . The World Wide Fund for Nature 's Living Planet Index , released Tuesday , revealed the dramatic decline in animal species , and said the trend could cost the world billions in economic losses . Humans need one and a half Earths to sustain their current demands , it said . The index , which draws on research around WWF 's database of 3,000 animal species , is released every two years . This year 's has the starkest warning yet of the risks associated with the decline of wildlife . The fund notes that it 's relying on a never-before-used methodology in this year 's report , "  which aims to be more representative of global biodiversity . " The index showed shows a 52 % decline in wildlife between 1970 and 2010 , far more than earlier estimates of 30 % . It is due to people killing too many animals for food and destroying their habitats . "  We are eating into our natural capital , making it more difficult to sustain the needs of future generations , " the report said . Researchers from the Zoological Society of London looked at changes in populations of more than 3,000 species of mammals , birds , reptiles , amphibians and fish , tracking over 10,000 different populations . Photos : Spectacular wildlife around the world The decline in animals living in rivers , lakes and wetlands is the worst -- 76 % of freshwater wildlife disappeared in just 40 years . Marine species and animals living on land suffered 39 % decline in their populations . Animals living in tropics are the worst hit by what WWF calls "  the biggest recorded threats to our planet 's wildlife " as 63 % of wildlife living in tropics has vanished . Central and South America shows the most dramatic regional decline , with a fall of 83 % . And while the animals are suffering now , the long-term impact will be on people , the report said . Marco Lambertini , director general of WWF International , said "  protecting nature is not a luxury ... it is quite the opposite . For many of the world 's poorest people , it is a lifeline . " According to Lambertini , the threat to oceans could create economic losses of up to $ 428 billion by 2050 . The global fishing sector employs more than 660 million people , and fish provide more than 15 % of protein in people 's diet . Global food security is under threat as the demands of growing population drain the resources . Forests provide water , fuel and food for more than billion people , including 350 million of the world 's poorest people .	WWF said 52 % of wildlife disappeared between 1970 and 2010 The decline in animals living in rivers , lakes and wetlands is the worst The alarming trend could cost the world billions in economic losses .
London , England  CNN  -- When people think of Venice , three things come to mind : gondolas , art and sinking buildings . The watery city , a treasure trove of Renaissance art and architecture , is not normally associated with cutting-edge cool . But recent developments show that the city is in fact thriving -- due in large part to the many artists and designers who have chosen to make the city their home , and because each year it is host to exciting events such as the alternating architecture and contemporary art biennales , and the Venice film festival . The yearly influx of creative professionals , in addition to the vast numbers of tourists visiting the city , is starting to forge a different , more contemporary vibe . Getting off the beaten tourist track and into local Venetian haunts can also yield some pleasant surprises . CNN 's arts and culture show , icon , has dug beneath the city 's old-world veneer , and come up with a guide to the cooler side of Venice . SEE : If you want to see contemporary art outside of the Biennale , which takes place every two years in the Giardini Pubblici , look no further than the Punta della Dogana and Palazzo Grassi . Both were developed by French billionaire and art collector Francois Pinault to showcase his impressive contemporary art collection , which includes work by artists like Jeff Koons , Damien Hirst and Takashi Murakami . The Punta della Dogana , located between the Grand Canal and the Guidecca Canal , was developed by Japanese architect Tadao Ando , and the interiors are sleek and almost industrial in comparison with the ornate palaces normally associated with the city . Other contemporary art spaces to visit include the Peggy Guggenheim Collection on the Dorsoduro , which hosts a changing schedule of exhibitions in addition to a permanent collection and a shop selling artist 's books , posters and gifts . Currently the museum is hosting a show of work by American abstract expressionist painter Adolph Gottlieb and the Restaurant Terrazza Danieli is serving dishes inspired by the artist 's work until the beginning of January -- so if you ca n't take a piece of work home , you can at least eat one . Otherwise , check out the Fondazione Querini Stampalia , a stunning palazzo in central Venice that hosts temporary art exhibitions alongside a permanent museum of fine art and antiquities . Every two years the foundation teams up with Italian fashion brand Furla to award a prize to a young Italian artist , encouraging local creativity and attracting artists to live and work in the city . STAY : French product designer Philippe Starck , who has lived on the Venetian island of Burano for 25 years , has designed the interior of a luxury hotel called the Palazzina Grassi . A far cry from the typical Venice hotel experience , the rooms feature floor-to-wall mirrors , Pop-art inspired chairs and a minimal palette of white and chrome . If you are on a lower budget and craving something other than the heavy brocades and four poster beds prominent in many of the hotels here , head to the light and modern Ca ' Pozzo Inn in Cannaregio . It 's handily located near the rail and bus stations , and is in one of the more typically "  Venetian " parts of the city . Featuring modern and contemporary art on its walls and simple , modern furniture , it 's a calm , minimal oasis for Baroque-weary visitors . DRINK AND EAT : Venice is known for its mouth-watering food and elegant drinking establishments . Harry 's Bar -- once a drinking hole for the likes of Ernest Hemingway and Charlie Chaplin -- remains a popular haunt for celebrities and the art crowd , as does the bar at the chic Bauer hotel , which becomes inundated at Biennale time . If you want to get away for an evening , a water-taxi trip will take you to Burano and the restaurant Da Romano , one of Philippe Starck 's favorites , and an excellent purveyor of delicious fresh seafood . For partying , Piccolo Mondo is one of island 's most frequented clubs , a pit-stop for students and tourists as well as celebrities . Though the city has acquired the nickname La Serenissima  in English , The Most Serene  for its ordinarily quiet nightlife , it becomes a party hotspot during the film festival and biennales . Events take place in grand palazzos , on yachts moored near the Giardini and even in an art deco aircraft hangar out on the Lido -- if you can bag an invite , these are the places to see and be seen . SHOP : The aesthetic in Venice is smart , chic and understated . Though not ideal for bargain-hunting , the city is teeming with boutiques . Max Mara , Prada and Furla -- Italian designers known for their classic designs , and all three patrons of contemporary art -- are the brands to wear for casual bellini drinking and museum hopping .	Venice 's old-world image hides some hip contemporary galleries , hotels and eateries Architecture and art biennales , and the film festival , are attracting creatives to the city A guide to the best of Venice 's contemporary attractions
CNN  -- Mobile technology is critical at the airport . Yet , a new survey shows that most travelers  58 %  are not satisfied with airport Wi-Fi . And beyond that , airports are missing opportunities to offer vital mobile services that could vastly improve travelers ' experiences while they 're in transit . This 2,700-person survey was conducted earlier this year by FlightView , which makes a popular app that provides flight and airport information . The survey shows mobile devices frequently accompany travelers : Four out of five airport travelers use a smartphone , one-third use tablets and one-fifth use e-readers . Surprisingly , fewer than one in five travelers reported using a laptop computer at the airport . FlightView predicts that by next year tablets will outnumber laptops at the airport . As a frequent traveler , I 'm often frustrated by how little my smartphone and Macbook Air can help me at the airport . Sometimes it seems like the airports and airlines want to thwart me . Some airports charge fees through third-party providers  like Boingo.com or AT&T  simply to get Wi-Fi access -- and entering my credit card number over an open Wi-Fi network makes me shudder . Citing a recent New York Times story , FlightView reports : "  Many airports , including Denver , Las Vegas and San Francisco , are actually choosing customer satisfaction over ancillary revenue opportunities -- by providing airport visitors with free Wi-Fi access . " Once you manage to get on the airport Wi-Fi , access is often spotty and slow . Many airports force travelers to sit through a video commercial or other ads before they will let you access the Internet . Worse , some airports insist on placing a "  frame " around your Web browser window with airport-related ads , limiting valuable screen real estate . That 's annoying on a laptop ; it 's intolerable on a small cell phone screen . Speaking of cell phones , airports are huge facilities that , I 've found , often have cell phone "  dead zones " -- even for major carriers like Verizon . I 'm surprised that wireless carriers do n't seem to be making a concerted effort to ensure good data network coverage at airports , especially at airports with lousy , unreliable , or paid Wi-Fi access . Imagine the effectiveness of their ads displayed in those locations ! One of the main things travelers want information about is the airport itself . Unfortunately , FlightView estimates that only half of U.S. airports currently have mobile-friendly websites . When your plane 's about to board and you 're trying desperately to find which gate your flight was switched to  because the announcement over the public address system was , of course , unintelligible  , that 's not when you want to be pinching , zooming , and scrolling on your phone . What do mobile users want at the airport ? According to Flightview , the overwhelming majority  94 %  want flight status and gate information pushed promptly to their phones . Also , nearly three-fourths want boarding alerts sent to their mobile device . Nearly 40 % would like mobile coupons for restaurants and shops on the terminal and concourses , and about 30 % would like information on easily accessible food and beverages . More than one-third of travelers also want to be able to book ground transportation via mobile , and nearly as many would like to use their mobile devices to share flight information easily via social media , text and e-mail , the survey found . Nearly two-thirds of travelers told FlightView that they would value mobile access to walking directions from to their departure gate , especially when changing planes on a connecting flight . Demand for this service is highest among leisure travelers  71 %  , who are often less familiar with the layout of the airport . Personally , I 'd also appreciate estimates on the time it will take to walk to my next gate . At Chicago O'Hare , especially , I 've ended up jogging for the better part of a mile , carry-on bag in tow , on more than one occasion . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Survey finds traveler dissatisfaction with mobile services at airports Many airports do not offer free Wi-Fi ; mobile signals are sometimes spotty Author : Airports should create mobile-friendly websites Travelers surveyed also want push alerts for gate changes
CNN  -- Some hobbies take talent , others do n't , but the real skill is turning your weird past-time into an international event . Whether one 's passion is to sculpt masterpieces out of sand or charge at Dapper Dans with an umbrella , somewhere , there 's a festival dedicated to honing those skills . Few hobbies invite ridicule like air guitar . Yet the Air Guitar World Championships in Oulu , Finland , regularly attracts over 10,000 "  airheads "  this year 's event , which took place last week , was no exception  . Though the judges seem to take the sport seriously , judging contestants on their technical skills , stage presence and "  airiness , " the festival started as a bit of a lark . "  We started out in 1996 to promote the Music Video Festival . It was a half joke , " says Hanna Jakku , the event 's co-founder . Since those early days , however , the championship has matured . Contrary to popular opinion , says Jakku , air guitar takes talent . "  When it comes to competitive playing , the standard is quite high . It 's a contest of showmanship . It 's very well timed and choreographed and there 's drama to each performance . Think of it as a combination of stand-up comedy and rock opera , " she says . True aficionados can even earn a little extra cash . Last year 's winner , Justin "  Nordic Thunder " Howard , scored a contract with soft drink brand Dr. Pepper and , like many of his contemporaries , routinely works the festival circuit . The strange hobby capital of the world , however , is Llanwrtyd Wells , Wales . The tiny town hosts the Man versus Horse Challenge , the Welsh Open Stoneskimming Championships and the ever-popular World Bogsnorkelling Championships , the latter of which was held on August 25 . Read more : World 's weirdest food fests "  It came about through drunken discussion in a local pub with a man who was trying to bring in more business to the village , " explains Bernice Benton , from Llanwrtyd Tourism , of the bogsnorkelling contest , which last year attracted 177 entrants . The event requires snorkeled and finned-participants to swim two laps in a 180-foot peat bog . "  It 's muddy , so it 's dark and you ca n't see , and a lot of people are n't used to breathing through a snorkel . Generally , it 's pretty cold , and you also have to deal with the leeches and water scorpions , " says Benton . Contestants do n't do it for the money  all proceeds go to charity  , as much as the glory . According to Benton , some train quite hard for the event , and go as far as to snorkel blindfolded for practice . Even those competitions that are today taken in earnest have some pretty arbitrary origins . In 1933 , Ohio-based photographer Myron Scott came across a group of boys racing in homemade vehicles , and decided to stage an impromptu race . The event has since morphed into one of most popular events on the DIY calendar , the All-American Soap Box Derby , in which kids and teenagers race homemade cars . Despite its name , the event attracts an international crowd , and many of the pre-adult contestants have grown up to become famous racers and engineers . "  Soap Box Derby racing teaches you not only the racing , but how to build a car , and what goes into making it fast , " says Bobby Dinkins , the marketing director for the event . Contestants range in age from 7 to 17 , and all have to qualify either by winning their local race , or racking up enough points in a rally race . As scholarships make up the winning booty , there 's a lot at stake for potential winners . As a result , Dinkins notes , many practice pretty hard . Read more : Summer solstice : It 's all about sex "  These kids are racing all year long to qualify , " he says . In Baltimore , Maryland , children and adults alike take part in a more whimsical dash : the Kinetic Sculpture Race . The race is composed of human-powered works of art designed to travel over land , mud and water  Fred Flintstone 's car would qualify  . Sculptures resemble anything and everything , from flying pigs to fluffy pink dogs . Prizes are awarded for conking out first , for maintaining middle ground , and for keeping all feet off the floor . "  We give out almost as many awards as there are vehicles , " explains Rebecca Alban Hoffberger , founder of the American Visionary Art Museum , which hosts the event . The race incorporates 15 miles of downtown Baltimore and the harbor and , if not Baltimore 's biggest sporting event , it is certainly its wackiest . Volunteers dressed as chickens help guide vehicles along the right path , while bearded doctors in nursing uniforms are on standby should any injuries occur . "  So much of art is self-involved , " explains Hoffberger . "  This is a masterpiece of how to bring joy to an entire city . "	Good at air guitar ? The pros earn cash through ad campaigns and festival gigs Participants of the World Bogsnorkeling Championships brave scorpions and leeches . The All-American Soap Box Derby has launched racing and engineering careers The Kinetic Sculpture Race utilizes the Baltimore city streets and harbor
The death last month of a man who struggled with police while being taken into custody in Manhattan has been ruled a homicide , the medical examiner 's officer said . Ronald Singleton , 45 , died in police custody on July 13 , four days before a man in Staten Island died after police put him in a choke hold , a case that sparked national outrage . The Staten Island death also was declared a homicide , and is under investigation . In the statement Friday , the medical examiner 's office declared the manner of death in the Singleton case as homicide caused by the "  physical restraint by police during excited delirium due to acute phencyclidine  PCP  intoxication , " said Julie Bolcer , spokeswoman for the medical examiner . Singleton , who was African-American , was taken into police custody after a yellow cab driver flagged down a police officer near St. Patrick 's Cathedral in Manhattan , police said in a statement . The cab driver claimed the passenger was "  acting overly irate and irrational , cursing and screaming and causing alarm , " according to the statement . Singleton got out of the taxi and "  became combative with the officer , trying to fight with him , " the police statement said . The officer called for help and other officers responded along with members of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit . Singleton was placed in a "  protective body wrap by the ESU officers , " the police statement said . An ambulance was taking Singleton to a hospital when he went into cardiac arrest , the statement said . Singleton was dead on arrival at Roosevelt Hospital . The NYPD said it was cooperating with the Manhattan district attorney 's office investigation of the death . The medical examiner 's office said factors such as "  hypertensive and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease " and obesity contributed to Singleton 's death , according to Bolcer . The case went unnoticed by national media , unlike the death of Eric Garner four days later . He died after being put in a choke hold by a NYPD officer while being arrested for selling cigarettes illegally . Garner 's death sparked protests and calls for federal civil rights charges against the officer who took down the 43-year-old , 350-pound man with an illegal choke hold . A cell phone video of the incident shows Garner waving both hands in the air and telling the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , an officer behind Garner grabs him in a choke hold and pulls him to the sidewalk , then rolls him over onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner is heard saying repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The cause of Garner 's death was "  compression of neck  choke hold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " according to Bolcer . The death was ruled a homicide . Garner 's death occurred just weeks before Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager , was shot to death by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , on August 9 . Both cases fueled protests and thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force against people who are unarmed . Police chokehold death sparks protest march	Medical examiner 's office : Death of Ronald Singleton , who died in police custody , is ruled a homicide His death occurred four days before controversial choke-hold death of Eric Garner on Staten Island Garner 's death police sparked national outrage and calls for a federal civil rights investigation
CNN  -- It was n't often Boris Becker was caught out by a barrage of volleys on the court -- but the tennis great says he was stunned by the level of criticism he received after being appointed as Novak Djokovic 's coach . Eyebrows were raised when Becker , a six-time grand slam winner , swapped his seat in the television commentary box to take up a role with the Serbian star in December 2013 . Becker , who won 64 ATP titles and three Wimbledon crowns during a stellar 15-year career , is one of the most popular faces in the sport . But he says the level of negative attention the move attracted from both inside and outside of the game was "  all part of being Boris Becker . " "  It was a little bit strange and I was a little bit surprised , " the German told CNN 's Open Court ahead of the U.S. Open starting on Monday . "  I was n't aware I had that many doubters . I must have stepped on many toes in my life for all of them to beat the bushes and raise their opinion . "  We live in a free world and everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but I was a little bit surprised . " Becker , who ended his playing days in 1999 , had never coached a top player on tour before joining forces with Djokovic . "  I like to think that I 'm very comfortable within the tennis community so I was surprised by some of the doubters , but this is sometimes a part of being Boris Becker , " the 46-year-old said . "  You 're in the front row of life and in the headlines all the time , so a lot of people feel they 're entitled to their opinion , even though they do n't know anything about me . " Becker took on the challenge of restoring Djokovic to the top of the game , having lost his edge in the big matches . He had started 2013 in confident mood by winning a third consecutive Australian Open , but the rest of the year was disappointing , losing to Rafael Nadal in the semis of the French Open and the final of the U.S. Open either side of defeat in the Wimbledon final against Andy Murray . Becker was introduced to the Djokovic camp ahead of the 2014 Australian Open but could only watch from the sidelines as his man relinquished his grip on the title at Melbourne Park , losing to eventual champion Stan Wawrinka 9-7 in the fifth set of their quarterfinal clash . That setback brought about fresh criticism of Djokovic 's relationship with Becker -- though the German says that defeat provided the springboard which culminated in the 27-year-old winning his second Wimbledon title in July and reclaiming the No. 1 ranking . A five-set victory over Roger Federer gave Djokovic a seventh grand slam and went a long way to vindicating Becker 's decision . "  I think it made our relationship stronger , " said Becker of January 's Australian Open defeat , after which Djokovic reached the final at Roland Garros but again lost to Nadal . "  It made us realize that the only way out was up . The only way to quiet everybody down was to start winning again and that 's what he did . "  If you coach a player like Djokovic , you expect perfection . "  You expect the best . Obviously , the locker room was full of skepticism and critics who do n't want this relationship to work , so we had to move up a gear . "  Fortunately , after his Wimbledon triumph , the discussion was ended . " Djokovic and world No. 3 Federer will be the top two seeds in New York , with second-ranked Nadal having withdrawn due to wrist problems . Djokovic has reached the final at Flushing Meadow four years in a row , but his only victory was in 2011 . Federer , meanwhile , will be seeking to extend his record of 17 grand slam titles -- but he has not triumphed in the U.S. since the fifth of his consecutive wins in 2008 . Read Open Court 's full interview with Boris Becker on Thursday More : Becker renews rivalry with Edberg	Boris Becker says he was surprised by criticism Appointed Novak Djokovic 's coach in December 2013 German says Djokovic 's Wimbledon win silenced doubters Victory returned Serbian to No. 1 ranking ahead of U.S. Open
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When architect James Law looks in the mirror each morning his reflection is not all that greets him -- he can also see the weather report , e-mail messages and his heart rate . "  The biggest game changer of the past 25 years has been the Internet , " said Law , whose Cybertecture Mirror is an offshoot of his Hong Kong architectural firm 's focus on integrating technology in design . "  In buildings , the Internet has become ubiquitous but it has n't caught up in the products that inhabit buildings -- chairs , doors , tables and mirrors . " Law 's company -- and a raft of new government-funded projects in mainland China -- is looking to change that . Law 's $ 5,000 mirror began as product his firm designed for a high-tech residential building in Dubai . "  The Internet of Things began to become more real for us as a project , " Law said . "  We started to take these things out of our building designs to make them independent products , and try to impregnate them with as much technology as we can . " If there 's a race to lead the Internet of Things  IoT  , China aims to set the pace . Since Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao identified IoT as an "  emerging strategic industry " in an interview on state media , Beijing has focused on developing technology by which devices can communicate via infrared sensor , Radio Frequency Identification  RFID  and other Machine-to-Machine  M2M  technology . Beijing plans to invest 5 billion yuan  $ 800 million  in the IoT industry by 2015 . The Ministry of Information and Technology estimates China 's IoT market will hit 500 billion yuan  $ 80.3 billion  by 2015 , then double to 1 trillion yuan  $ 166 billion  by 2020 . The government has established state-owned enterprise zones such as the Chengdu Internet of Things Technology Institute in Sichuan province , which is developing a health care system in which rural villagers can step into a telephone booth-sized "  health capsule " to get a diagnosis and prescription from a doctor in a distant hospital . "  With the capsules and clinics , people do low-cost checkups and choose an online doctor for further diagnosis , then print prescription and purchase medicine from the capsule , " boasts the program 's web site . The larger goal of China 's focus in IoT , analysts say , is to win a fight Beijing has long been losing -- setting international standards for new technology . After leading losing fights to use Chinese standards in 3G technology and wireless mobile standards , China is trying to get out front early on IoT . "  In technology China has come from a position of follower , adopting foreign standards on which it has to pay royalties , " said Mark Natkin , director of Marbridge , a technology consulting firm in Beijing . "  China is very interested in turning that model around , and create the standards by which other countries are paying it royalties , " he said . "  It 's a new area , and as such , a place where China can be at the starting line or ahead of the starting line . " Law sees three other factors at play in China 's IoT thrust . "  China is in a position to invest more than other economies in the world at this period of time , " Law said . "  And China still has a internalized , walled Internet because it 's trying to monitor , control and censor -- so it 's in its own interest to develop these kind of products . "  But I think the third thing is China has matured to a point where it is no longer a low cost center of labor ... in cutting edge businesses , it wants to really develop its own brand and its own next generation of technology , to walk into the fight with your own swords by investing in the next Google , the next Apple , " Law said . "  From a state perspective , there is everything to gain in nurturing their own brands ... the country wants to define the market rather than play catch-up , " Law added . Law 's company has sold 500 of the Cybertecture Mirrors and is now developing a chair that recognizes the user and records individual health data . "  I really feel that the next paradigm for product design will be changed by the Internet and the new range of materials we now have , " he said . "  We should n't be building things in the same way as the past . "	The Internet of Things market in China is expected to hit $ 80.3 billion in 2015 Beijing has earmarked $ 800 million for IoT investment by 2015 China has created state-funded zones like Chengdu Internet of Things Technology Institute Beijing aims to become a global leader in setting IoT global standards
CNN  -- Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is to serve one year of community service at a nursing home for his conviction on tax fraud , a Milan court ruled on Tuesday . The 77-year old billionaire tycoon must visit a center for the elderly near his hometown , Milan , at least once a week for a minimum four hours . He will start the sentence "  in coming days , " a member of his legal team told CNN . The center-right politician was convicted of charges related to a vast tax fraud conspiracy at his Mediaset television empire . He will be working in a home run by the Sacred Family Foundation , Fondazione Sacra Famiglia , in Cesano Boscone outside Milan . Travel restrictions The lawyers said the former premier was also subject to limitations on his movements . This means he will not -- except with specific authorization -- be able to leave the northern Lombardy region , where he has his principal home , but is allowed to go to Rome from Tuesday to Thursday . He has to be back in Lombardy by 11 p.m. Thursday . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , has dominated the lively Italian political scene for the past two decades . He received a sentence of four years for tax fraud . The sentence was commuted to a year . It was not immediately clear from the court ruling whether Berlusconi would be able to campaign for his Forza Italia party ahead of European Parliament elections next month . Berlusconi says he is innocent and that he has been persecuted by leftist magistrates . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Italian court rules Berlusconi must carry out one year of community service The former premier must spend at least four hours per week at a nursing home in Milan The billionaire tycoon was convicted of charges relating to tax fraud Berlusconi has dominated Italian political scene for two decades
CNN  -- A Florida judge Friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival , ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial . Lisa Nowak , accused of using pepper spray against a romantic rival , is set to go on trial in April . Ninth Judicial Circuit Judge Marc Lubet ruled that all were unlawfully obtained . He said his decision stemmed from a variety of factors , most concerning police tactics in their interview of Lisa Nowak and the fact that no written consent was obtained to search her car . "  In each and every case , this court must ensure that the constitutional protections afforded by our forefathers are scrupulously honored , " Lubet wrote in his opinion . "  Unfortunately , in this case those protections were not as thoroughly followed as the law demands . " Nowak , 44 , is accused of stalking Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman and using pepper spray against her in a parking lot at Orlando International Airport in Florida on February 5 . She pleaded not guilty March 22 to charges of attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon . Her trial is set for April . If convicted , she would face a sentence of up to life in prison . Her defense attorneys had claimed Nowak 's comments to police and her consent to search her car were made under duress . During a hearing held in August , Lubet heard testimony from , among others , Nowak , Shipman and Orlando police detective William Becton , who interviewed Nowak after her arrest . Lubet said in his ruling that when Nowak asked Becton if she needed an attorney during the interview , he failed to answer her question in a "  simple and straightforward manner . " "  There was a concerted effort to minimize and downplay the significance of the Miranda rights by referring to these constitutional rights as ` formalities ' " during the interview , Lubet wrote . On the audiotape of the interview , there was no audible response from Nowak on whether she understood that her statements could be used against her in court , and when she was asked whether anyone had threatened or promised her anything to get her to talk to police , Lubet wrote . "  Thus , there is nothing in either the audio recording or the transcript of the interview that demonstrates that defendant understood these two rights and waived them . " Nowak testified at the August hearing she did not respond to Becton 's questions because she was confused , Lubet wrote . In addition , he said , Becton used "  legally impermissible " statements and techniques , including threats , to get Nowak 's statements and consent . "  Well , what you say can change what you 're charged with , " Becton said at one point . "  Right now we 're looking at -LSB- a -RSB- possible life felony of carjacking . " In a written statement , an Orlando Police Department spokeswoman said it was inappropriate for the department to comment on the case since it is pending in court , and referred questions to prosecutors . Lubet noted that , although Nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat , she was "  subjected to a barrage of questions " beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call . "  Defendant had not slept during the preceding 24 hours , " the judge said . Nowak 's consent to search her car , Lubet wrote , "  followed illegal police activity , such as a prolonged detention , threats to obtain a warrant and repeated requests for consent . " Prosecutors accuse Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot . Her attorney has strongly denied that she wore the diapers . Shipman told police that after she got into her car , Nowak feigned distress and knocked on the window . When Shipman cracked it to talk to her , Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray , Shipman said . Police said Nowak was detained as she was disposing of her disguise in an airport trash bin . Nowak has said she merely went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein , who was also an astronaut but has since left the astronaut corps . At the August hearing , Becton testified that when he searched Nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport , maps of the airport 's layout , a buck knife and papers including a letter Nowak appeared to have written to Oefelein 's mother . He also testified he found used and clean diapers in the car . Police previously said they also found a BB gun , a steel mallet , a 4-inch knife and rubber tubing in the vehicle . Nowak 's attorneys in August filed a notice of intent to rely on an insanity defense , saying in court documents her diagnoses include a litany of more than a dozen psychiatric disorders . On August 30 , Lubet granted Nowak 's attorneys ' request that her electronic tracking ankle bracelet be removed . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	Judge : Lisa Nowak 's statements and items in her car were unlawfully obtained Nowak 's attorneys have said her comments were made under duress Former astronaut is accused of stalking and assaulting a romantic rival Nowak has pleaded not guilty to charges including attempted kidnapping
CNN  -- This is not a great week to be a government employee , but one movie theater chain is trying to ease the pain . AMC has announced that its theaters are offering free small popcorns to those employed by the government , regardless of whether a movie ticket is also purchased . Instead , the individual needs to simply present a valid government or military-issued ID at a concession stand . If they 're particularly hungry , they can apply the discount offer to a larger size . "  There are hundreds of thousands of federal workers whose lives are being impacted , " AMC 's executive vice president of operations , John McDonald , said in a statement . "  While we ca n't do anything to resolve gridlock in Washington , D.C. , we can provide a few hours of entertainment and free popcorn while they wait to get back to work . " The government shutdown went into effect on October 1 and has furloughed around 800,000 federal employees . One major aspect to this shutdown that remains unanswered is how long those workers will have to wait until they see their next paycheck . AMC says in its statement that the gratis snackage "  is good until common sense is restored in Washington , D.C. , or , more likely , until the shutdown ends or we run out of free popcorn . " Video : How kids would end the shutdown Bob Greene : Taxpayers deserve a shutdown refund	Movie chain AMC is offering free small popcorns to government workers A movie ticket does not need to be purchased to receive the offer The discount will stand ` until good common sense is restored in Washington '
NEW YORK  CNN  -- All the news that 's fit to print -- the motto of The New York Times -- does not necessarily apply to photos . The newspaper published an editor 's note Thursday stating that pictures used in a photo essay in its most recent Sunday Magazine were digitally manipulated without the paper 's knowledge . The Times commissioned Portuguese photographer Edgar Martins to shoot a Sunday magazine color photo essay titled "  Ruins of the Second Gilded Age " to capture physical evidence of the real estate bust that took place across the United States . In the text that preceded the six photos that were published , the magazine stated that while the photographer "  creates images with long exposures , " he does so without digital manipulation . "  A reader ... discovered upon close examination that one of the pictures was digitally altered , apparently for aesthetic reasons , " the Times editors wrote . "  Editors later confronted the photographer and determined that most of the images did not wholly reflect the reality they purported to show . Had the editors known that the photographs had been digitally manipulated , they would not have published the picture essay , which has been removed from the NYTimes.com , " the note concluded . Numerous attempts by CNN to reach Edgar Martins by phone and e-mail were unsuccessful . The newspaper 's decision to withdraw the photos left a publisher of Martins ' book "  Topologies " released in 2008 , intrigued and surprised . "  I think he 's a great artist and we 're very proud to have published his prior works , " said Lesley Martin , publisher of Aperture books . She said that Martins ' prior works frequently verge on abstract landscapes , including forests ravaged by fire and nighttime beaches . "  His work has a certain visual effect . A distinct look and feel to it . " However , Martin said she understands the newspaper 's decision . Aperture books , which publishes a variety of photographic styles , including photojournalism , "  would not have published this work in a strict journalistic context had we known there would be manipulation used , " she said .	New York Times admits pictures in recent photo essay were digitally manipulated Editors say photos in Sunday Magazine were changed "  for aesthetic reasons " Photographer Edgar Martins ' photo essay showcased real estate bust
CNN  -- Hands in pockets , a downward glance , tiger print glasses and Ralph Lauren from head to toe . Sounds like a fashion spread in a magazine , right ? Except the model is a toddler from New York City , one of many whose notable outfit and saucy pose has inspired an audience online . Shoulders-up school portraits , these are not . These kids wear labels and looks usually designated for adults , and they wear them with panache . Some are more notable for the combination of clothes , for the slick lighting and scenery , or the oh-so-adult face they put forward for the camera . You 'd probably call it swagger . When kids have it , they essentially look like petite versions of models in a Hugo Boss ad : A cool air of confidence exuded for camera-wielding parents . But is that swagger because kids are more fashion savvy ? That the proud parents are just taking more photos ? Or that fashion these days is more impressed by the sartorial choices of 3-year-olds ? Maybe a little bit of everything . Julia Samersova , a casting director by trade , runs "  Planet Awesome Kid , " a blog started in 2009 that catalogs the street fashion sense shown off by Brooklyn 's youngest residents , and the attitude that goes along with it . Adler started by taking photos of children she saw around her neighborhood that had something special -- a great haircut , a really unique outfit or really great energy . It 's a diverse , artistic community where the parents and kids have a high capacity for fashion , she said . "  We never got a ` no ' from a parent , ever , " Samersova said . "  The kids in Brooklyn dress better than the adults in most of the rest of the country , which is the truth . " But it turns out that the young and stylish are everywhere . "  We were getting e-mails from people all over the world , from China to Russia to Israel . From everywhere . From Africa . " she said . "  People were like , ` Oh , you think your kids dress the cutest in New York ? Look how cute my kid is in wherever . ' " Planet Awesome Kid is hardly the only place on the Internet devoted to kid swagger : Pinterest and Tumblr have given rise to devotees of kiddie fashion . Some children , like Alonso Mateo , have fan pages devoted to his natural ability to put a high-fashion outfit together . On Tiffany Beveridge 's viral Pinterest board , "  My imaginary well-dressed toddler daughter , " there 's a less serious approach to the trend . It started out innocently enough -- a catalog for the adorable little girls ' clothing that came across her Pinterest page -- but her sense of humor quickly got the better of her . "  I began finding all the elaborately dressed and highly styled kids , " said the the freelance copywriter from Philadelphia . Her immediate reaction was to add captions about the fantastic life of a fictitious daughter , whom she named Quinoa . "  Quinoa says why walk into a room when you can SHAZAM ! into a room ? " she wrote under a photo of a solemn blonde child in a black dress and ballet flats , kicking one leg behind her . "  When Quinoa wants volume , she does n't just tease her hair , she relentlessly bullies it , " Beveridge labeled a photo of a wide eyed child with mile-high red hair . "  It was when Quinoa demanded a miniature deer at her Pre-K portrait session that I truly began to understand her gift , " she posted on a quirky photo of a girl with a messy updo , red tights and an ultra-short mushroom print dress , standing over , yes , a miniature deer . "  It was also around that time that quinoa , the grain , had become extremely trendy , which I found hilarious . I mean , come on , a trendy grain ? I figured it was only going to be a matter of time before somebody named their kid Quinoa , " Beveridge said , "  and then I realized that person would be me . " Most of the images come from ad campaigns , but Beveridge has found that fashionably dressed tots have a large geographical footprint . "  I 'll get tweets from people all over the world about ` Quinoa sightings ' in their area , " Beveridge said . What 's less clear is how people feel about it . Some adults really love the looks . Some think it 's cute or hilarious . Some find it weird , or even offensive . "  Is this cute and harmless or kind of perverse , " Beveridge said . Kiddie swagger might be off most parents ' radars , said Kevin Everhart , a clinical psychologist and professor in Denver who specializes in child psychology . Despite any artistry or irony these images present , they can have a much different meaning outside of Brooklyn or the fashion community , Everhart said . He worries about the potential for exploitation in mature styles that are sometimes picked , posed and photographed by adults , but very much featuring children . "  That sense of feeling creeped out is there for a reason , " Everhart said . It 's murky territory even for parents collecting , posting , organizing and distributing the images , he said . If parents actually focus on the social cachet of a child 's outfit , they could end up objectifying their children . "  To some extent , these are children being treated like poodles , " he said . Mass merchandisers and baby boutiques cater to that parental pride , and sometimes take advantage of it , he said . For example , baby shirts emblazoned with the logos of rock bands from the '70s and '80s say more about the parent than the child . "  They 're selling an idea to a parent that says ` My child is cool ; I 'm cool . I 'm much older , but I have n't lost it . I 'm still just as happening as I was before , " he said . Encouraging the sort of "  Zoolander " affectations in kids is as easy as laughing at them or taking their picture . It teaches children that they get attention if they act that way , Everhart said . Often that 's a completely unconscious exercise , for parent and child , he said . After all , it 's not unusual for children to emulate what they see in pop culture . "  Every generation recreates its pop idols , " he said , "  and much of what we see in youth culture is a response to the adult world . " But playing dress-up , after all , is one way toddlers learn about self-expression , Beveridge pointed out . "  We all know that toddlers can be extremely opinionated , so with these well-dressed kids , it begs the question of who 's in charge , " she said . "  I think we like to imagine both scenarios : Maniacal parents forcing this on their kids , as well as headstrong kids throwing a tantrum because they really , really want that Armani jacket . " There is something a little strange about just how much sass her 4-year-old daughter can show , said Samersova , the Planet Awesome Kid blogger . "  When I turn a camera on her , she automatically goes into some kind of weird , funky , funny pose , " she said . But do n't feel too bad if you 've done your fair share of spamming Facebook or Instagram with your child 's personal fashion show . A photo of a kid with swagger is n't necessarily creepy , or bratty or parental pride gone wild . "  It comes from , ` Oh my God , that dress is so cute on my daughter , ' " Samersova said . "  It does n't have to be any deeper than that . " Do you think these kids are just expressing their natural fabulousness or that their parents need to step back and prioritize other qualities over fashion ? Share your take in the comments section .	Blogs , Pinterest and Tumblr showcase photos of children wearing high fashion Blogger : "  The kids in Brooklyn dress better than the adults in most of the rest of the country " Some says it 's parental pride , kids expressing themselves , or satire on style Psychologist : Be careful that photos do n't become exploitative , creepy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Airline pilots and cabin crew across Europe are holding demonstrations Monday to protest over rules governing their flying hours which they say are putting the lives of passengers at risk . European pilots and cabin crew are calling for shorter flying times to protect passenger safety . Organized by the European Cockpit Association  ECA  , and the European Transport Workers ' Federation  ETF  , protesters are demanding that European Union rules on flying times are brought into line with scientific evidence . The Moebus Report -- mandated by the EU in September 2008 -- recommends that an airline crew should not operate for more than 13 hours during the day and 10 hours at night . Current EU rules stipulate pilots work up to a maximum of 14 hours during the day and nearly 12 hours at night . Are you concerned at the hours worked by airline pilots ? Tell us . Speaking from one of the protests outside the European Parliament in Brussels , Captain Martin Chalk , President of the ECA told CNN : "  At the moment , the EU level is not adequate . That 's not our view that is the view of experts employed to review the EU 's own level of protection . " Chalk said that despite being in possession of the report , the EU completely ignored the recommendations when they produced new fatigue proposals in January 2009 . The ECA and the ETF have printed over 100,000 dummy airline tickets which they will hand out to airline passengers . The tickets contain cigarette-style warnings giving details on crew fatigue and an explanation as to why the EU current legislation needs to be changed . "  All we are trying to do at this stage is raise public 's awareness . We 're not trying to get in anyone 's way , " Chalk said . Hundreds of protesters are attending events taking place at 22 airports across Europe . 400 ECA members are expected to attend the protests at Madrid airport . "  What we are saying today is that they need to listen to the safety review , " Chalk said . "  It was conducted by the best scientists in this field in Europe . It was commissioned by the European Aviation Safety Agency  EASA  and therefore it should not be ignored when writing the rules . " Francois Ballestero , Political Secretary of the ETF echoed Chalk 's concerns . "  Flight safety is the core mission of every cabin crew member . But EU law is insufficient to ensure that air crew can perform their safety role in an alert and effective way , " he said . But the EASA were critical of the protests and their timing . "  This is jumping the gun . It is not a constructive contribution to a debate which is yet to happen , " Daniel Hoeltgen , EASA communications director told CNN . Hoeltgen believes that the pilots are simply setting up stall for an industrial debate between the unions and the airlines . "  It 's got nothing to do with safety regulations . We have made it clear that we will invite the unions and the airlines to take part in a review of the current rules and the timeframe for that has been made clear . " The current law in Europe on air crew fatigue is set at two different levels . There is a minimum level set by EU and then there is a level set by individual countries that can be better than that minimum level . In 2012 the EU level is due to come into force . "  There needs to be a change in the law to protect passengers and our members from the insidious effects of airport fatigue , " Chalk said . The ECA represents over 38,000 pilots and flight engineers in 36 European countries .	Hundreds of pilots across Europe are protesting about flying hours and safety Pilots argue the EU is ignoring scientific evidence which says hours are too long Demonstrators to hand out dummy airline tickets with a list of their complaints
CNN  -- R&B legend Teddy Pendergrass died Wednesday evening , his former publicist said . He was 59 . Pendergrass , known for smash love ballads such as "  Turn Off the Lights " and "  Love TKO , " died after a long illness , according to Lisa Barbaris , who described herself as a close friend and his last publicist . He died at a hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he was born . His family did not reveal details about his illness , but said it was related to complications from a 1982 car accident , Barbaris said . "  His beloved family surrounded him . The world has lost one of its greatest voices and performers , " a statement from Barbaris said . "  His family is devastated . He has three children and , even though it was expected , it still hurts , " she said . Gallery : The amazing Teddy Pendergrass The crooner , who many affectionately knew as just "  Teddy , " started in music with a group called the Cadillacs in the late 1960s and was still with the group when it merged with Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes , according to his official Web site . He started as a drummer , but soon began to sing lead after the group heard his powerful voice . In 1972 , Pendergrass 's baritone could be heard on the classic Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes song "  If You Do n't Know Me by Now . " The song became a No. 1 hit across the country and led Pendergrass to many other hits and accolades . After going solo , Pendergrass received several Grammy nominations , Billboard 's 1977 Pop Album New Artist Award and an American Music Award for best R&B performer of 1978 , Barbaris said . In 1982 , Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed . But Pendergrass returned to the studio in 1984 in his wheelchair to record an album . Before his death , Pendergrass was working on a musical documenting his life , called "  I Am Who I Am . "	Pendergrass was known for ballads such as "  Turn Off the Lights , " and "  Love TKO " In 1982 , Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed His publicist said the singer died after a lengthy illness . He was 59
CNN  -- As so often happens in big international confrontations , Ukraine is devolving into a complicated mess from which no one has yet outlined a reasonable retreat acceptable to all sides . Russia did not push into Crimea just to put its tanks in reverse and go home . The Ukrainian government ca n't very well tolerate a land grab within 400 miles of Kiev . And the big Western powers , including the United States , have raised so many threats and objections , they will look weak , dishonest , or both if nothing is done now . So let 's sort through some options as laid out by many of our expert analysts on CNN . 1  Going to the guns : This is a good one to dispense with first , because no one wants it . Ukraine , absent massive and sustained outside help , would be decimated by the Russian bear . The Russians are better trained , better equipped and better funded . By virtue of geography and their superior navy , they would start the fight with Ukraine 60 % encircled by hostile forces . But Russia has reason to keep the pistols holstered , too . Turning eastern Ukraine into a battlefield would disrupt critical industry , agriculture , and oil and gas sales in the region for years . Also , a pitched battle could draw in other players , and then the whole World War III discussion lights up . 2  Russia retreats : Unlikely . They did n't steam into Crimea just for a getaway weekend . The Russians have important assets to protect there , and that does not necessarily mean the 60 % of the Crimean population that grew up speaking Russian . The vaunted Black Sea Fleet counts on its Sevastopol port for year-round access  via Istanbul  to the warm waters of the Mediterranean . Arguably , the fear of losing that route to an unfriendly Ukrainian government is what drove Russia to take Crimea in the first place . Leaked call raises questions about who was behind sniper attacks in Ukraine 3  Russia retreats with some conditions : More likely . What conditions ? Crimean leaders have already voted to leave Ukraine and rejoin Russia which was home until 1954 , when Russia gave Crimea to Ukraine . Crimean voters will have a chance to ratify or reject this decision in the next couple of weeks , even as Kiev says they have no right to redraw the national borders . In any event , this is one possibility : Crimea becomes a part of Russia , or a semi-independent nation with great affection for Russia  read : a puppet state ready to do whatever Moscow wants  . Or Russia gets a permanent agreement to turn Sevastopol into Russian territory , like the arrangement the United States has with Guantanamo Bay in Cuba . No matter how that plays out , Russia denies ever having designs on all of this -- even as the mysterious troops in the peninsula melt away , the rest of the world grumbles , and Ukraine goes back to trying to pay its debts . 4  Russia advances : Not content with Crimea and eager to show Kiev just who they are messing with , the Russians storm across the border and take much of eastern Ukraine . No one knows if this is in Russian President Vladimir Putin 's plans , but if it happens ... see option No. 1 . 5  The Western world turns on the squeeze play : The White House appears to want a unified effort in which nations all over the globe use their political and economic might to punish Russia and leave the new Ukrainian government triumphant . Problem is , several big countries seem reluctant to take that course , and unless everyone is on the same page , any sanctions would be weakened . And even though it was hit hard in 2008 by the recession , Russia is not Syria , Iran , or North Korea . This is a big nation that is unlikely to buckle quickly to any amount of pressure . U.S. intelligence under fire over Ukraine The takeaway : There are plenty of other possibilities , but conventional wisdom says these are the most likely options at the moment . The biggest danger ? Everyone is wrong ... and some unforeseen , uncontrolled options arise , making the situation not better , but even worse . MAP : How Ukraine is divided	Top officials in the West , Russia and Ukraine seek an end to the crisis Possible end games include everything from war to Russian retreat The most likely outcome involves Russia retreating with conditions
CNN  -- The woman who made the 911 call that led to Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates ' controversial arrest was n't present at the so-called beer summit . Lucia Whalen , who called 911 to report a possible break-in , speaks to reporters Wednesday . But she got a shot of kindness and a taste of gratitude from Gates himself . Lucia Whalen received a bouquet of flowers at her office from Gates , according to Whalen 's attorney , Wendy Murphy . "  She described them as amazing , and appreciated them very much , " Murphy said of the bouquet . The attorney described the flowers as being a beautiful assortment of what she believed were different colored roses . There was a note included from Gates , the details of which Murphy would not divulge . She said the note characterized Gates 's "  expression of gratitude " for Whalen 's action . An officer responding to a report of a possible break-in at Gates ' Cambridge , Massachusetts , home arrested the professor on July 16 for disorderly conduct . The charge was later dropped . The arrest sparked a national debate about race and police relations . Whalen said an older woman with no cell phone told her that she was worried someone was trying to break into the home , and decided to call 911 . Whalen never referred to black suspects when she called authorities about the suspected break-in . On Thursday , President Barack Obama -- who had weighed in on the controversy , saying initially that police acted "  stupidly " -- sat down for a beer at the White House with Gates and the officer who arrested him . The meeting has been called the "  beer summit . " After the meeting , Obama said in a statement he was thankful to Gates and Cambridge police Sgt. James Crowley for joining him at for "  a friendly , thoughtful conversation . "  Even before we sat down for the beer , I learned that the two gentlemen spent some time together listening to one another , which is a testament to them , " the president 's statement said Obama 's initial comments on the incident drew criticism and later he softened his stance , saying , "  I could 've calibrated those words differently . " Murphy told CNN that Whalen has been receiving other apologies and accolades from people all over the world , but so far , no beer .	Henry Gates sends flowers to office of woman who accidentally called police on him Lucia Whalen "  appreciated them very much , " her secretary says Whalen called 911 after woman told her she suspected break-in at Gates ' home Whalen drew criticism for making call ; says she 'd do it again
CNN  A Los Angeles police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of a local truck driver had his father 's help in fleeing California and traveling to Texas , court documents filed Thursday said . Henry Solis , a Los Angeles Police Department rookie , is accused of killing 23-year-old Salome Rodriguez Jr. early in the morning of March 13 in Pomona . Solis disappeared shortly after the shooting . Items left by Solis at the crime scene allowed Pomona police detectives to identify him "  as the individual responsible for killing Rodriguez , " according to an affidavit signed Thursday by FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola . The document goes on to say that Solis made "  incriminating statements about his role in the murder " to friends , family members and others , and said he would never be seen again . The affidavit says his father , Victor Solis , quickly left his home in Lancaster after receiving a call from him . The elder Solis was seen a day later in El Paso , Texas , at the home of family members . He told FBI agents he drove his son to El Paso , dropped him off at a bus station and does n't know where he is . Federal authorities have n't said if Victor Solis would face charges for helping his son leave California . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Court documents say Henry Solis ' father helped him flee California Victor Solis said he took his son to a bus station in El Paso , Texas
CNN  Looting , fires and violence descended on Baltimore . Like most who know and love that city , I was heartbroken . I was once a cop in Baltimore . Police , trying to save their city last weekend , were blamed both for doing too little and for doing too much . The ghetto , and I 'm talking class and not race , was on full display by Monday . The whole nation saw beautiful Baltimore at its worst . The protests started in response to the death of Freddie Gray in police hands . We still do n't know what happened to Freddie Gray . Something bad happened . There 's an investigation . Maybe the investigation should be going faster . But maybe rushing the investigation would compromise prosecution .  And forced testimony ca n't be used in prosecution ; police officers too have constitutional rights as criminal defendants .  I do n't know . Here 's the thing : Police officers who were n't there do n't know what happened to Freddie Gray . If there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice . But those who caused destruction on Monday had little , if anything , to do with Freddie Gray protests . They were , as the mayor put it , thugs . Call them what you will , normally what happens in the hood stays in the hood . Those who cut fire hoses and burned down homes and businesses ? Police deal with them every day , literally . Those criminals did n't just appear on Monday , and they wo n't be gone tomorrow . They live there , without jobs , education , mainstream social skills , or hope . They do n't come from stable families . They do n't go to church . Most violent criminals are actively or passively involved in the drug trade . In Baltimore this year -- just like last year and just like next year -- police will arrest tens of thousands of poor black men , mostly on drug charges . From the same pool , 200 will be shot and killed . Another 200 will do the killing . These are communities , like the Baltimore 's Eastern District , in which more than 10 % of men are murdered . If all of America had homicide levels found in parts of Baltimore , there would be over 300,000 murders per year  as opposed to the still shamefully high 12,000 homicides in America  . And yet some continue to think of police as the main problem rather than part of the solution . But Baltimore is not Ferguson . The police department is 50 % non-white . The mayor is black . So is the police commissioner . The city is 65 % African-American . So imagine you 're a young white cop , as I was , in a rough neighborhood . A nice retired African-American gentleman calls 911 because the kids in front of his house , also black , are rowdy , breaking bottles , selling drugs , and otherwise being disrespectful . Just out of the police academy , I pulled up to countless of these situations . What to do ? Usually I stopped , stared , and they moved on . Sometimes I would get out of my car . But I should n't have to . We all played by the same rules . It 's about respect . Sometimes I would ask politely . Sometimes I had to order rudely . Sometimes I would ask for ID . Sometimes I would frisk , search , or arrest . That 's what cops do . Every day . That 's what I did . I had to . That was my job . Ultimately police are in a no-win situation . And when things go wrong , they go wrong fast . People run . There are fights . Guns . People get hurt . Sometimes people die . Sometimes -- not very often -- it 's the police officer 's fault . But even if there were no racist or brutal cops -- if every cop were a polite , fit , college-educated , bilingual , African-American gentleman or woman -- this would n't solve the greater problems of the ghetto or even police abuse . Police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class . And police will never solve the problems of absent parents , mass incarceration , or a violence culture centered around the economics of drug prohibition . Even so , rather than face up to our problems , we calls for the cops to do something , anything . Yes , bad cops need to be punished . But it 's too easy to blame police for all our problems . Problems police did not cause and can not solve . And then when a cop makes a mistake , as one inevitably will , we jump on all police with a confident smugness and unbecoming glee . The problems in policing mirror the problems of society . We can and should improve police . The best way to do that is to improve society . True justice requires us to look both inward for blame and outward to the suffering around us . The worst thing we could do is nothing at all .	Peter Moskos : When man died in police custody , many unfairly blamed all Baltimore cops . But cops are in a no-win situation He says those who trashed city are part of larger societal woes of poverty and class . In just blaming cops , we ignore source of strife
CNN  The bot world is getting bigger . Paramount , Michael Bay and Lorenzo di Bonaventura are enlisting Akiva Goldsman to help the studio develop ideas and a team to work on future "  Transformers " spinoffs and sequels , a source tells THR . The move signals that the studio is looking toward making its Hasbro toy-inspired franchise into a universe in the same vein as Marvel 's "  Avengers , " Universal 's monster universe  which will kick off with "  The Mummy " in 2016  and Warner Bros. ' DC Comics superhero universe . Paramount had no comment . MORE : ` Heroes ' alum Masi Oka returning for NBC sequel ` Reborn ' Bay has directed all four of the Transformers films , which have earned $ 3.8 billion worldwide . The most recent , "  Transformers : Age of Extinction , " starred Mark Wahlberg and opened summer 2014 to earn $ 1.1 billion worldwide . MORE : ` Once Upon a Time ' stars on Hook and Ursula 's "  soul-crushing " history Goldsman 's recent work includes writing , directing and producing "  Winter 's Tale " and writing YA sequel "  Insurgent . " He 's repped by WME and Hansen , Jacobson . MORE : DC Entertainment unlocks the secrets of ` Convergence ' comic book event Bay is working on his Benghazi project , "  13 Hours , " which he 'll direct . He 's repped by WME and Sloane , Offer . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Paramount plans to follow in the footsteps of Marvel and DC Comics with a "  cinematic universe " It 's enlisting writer and producer Akiva Goldsman to help the studio develop ideas and a team
CNN  -- Nearly six months after it went missing off Venezuela 's coast , authorities have located the small plane that was carrying Italian fashion boss Vittorio Missoni and five others , the country 's Interior Ministry announced Thursday . The aircraft disappeared on January 4 as it left Los Roques , an archipelago and resort , for the international airport outside Caracas , about 90 miles away . Vittorio Missoni , his wife , and four others -- including a pilot and copilot -- were all on board . All are presumed dead . Missoni , 58 , ran the famed Missoni fashion house with his siblings , Luca and Angela . Neither sibling was on the plane . With the help of an American ship with special oceanographic technology , the plane was located off the coast of Key Carenero , within the Los Roques archipelago , according to a family statement published by Italy 's ANSA news agency . "  At this time , efforts are underway to recover the wreckage , " the families of those aboard the plane said in the statement . "  The families would like to thank the Venezuelan and Italian governments for its commitments in finding the wreckage and the family is confident that the investigation into the cause of the incident . " Family : ` We will not give up ' Venezuelan authorities had launched intensive search efforts with boats , helicopters and divers scouring the area for any sign of the missing plane . A bag from the plane washed up on the island of Curacao some 124 miles away from where the aircraft disappeared three weeks after the aircraft went missing . The fashion house , which boasts such celebrity clients as Katie Holmes , Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie , is a high-end fashion label known for its patterned knitwear and signature zigzag stripe . The private company , based in Milan , Italy , has estimated annual sales of between $ 75 million and $ 100 million . The brand , first created in 1953 as a knitwear workshop in Gallarte , Italy , has expanded from apparel to housewares , a fragrance line and a chain of hotels . Stefano Tonchi , editor-in-chief of W magazine , called the Missonis "  one of the most important Italian fashion families , " crediting their move to Milan in the late 1960s with helping make the northern Italian city the fashion hub it is today . Vittorio Missoni and his siblings took over the brand in 1996 with an eye toward marketing to a younger consumer . The fashion house partnered with Target in 2011 to produce a more budget-friendly collection for the discount retailer , which caused Target 's website to crash due to the high demand . CNN 's Jessica King and Alexander Hunter contributed to this report .	The plane went missing in January It was found off Venezuela 's coast Missoni is known for its patterned knitwear and signature zigzag stripe
New Delhi , India  CNN  Do not generalize India as a country of rapists . That was the firm message from the German ambassador in New Delhi after a professor back home was accused of turning down a male Indian student 's application for an internship due to the South Asian nation 's "  rape problem . " Professor Annette Beck-Sickinger never did such a thing , according to her and the University of Leipzig . The university points out four of her 30 students and two of her laboratory interns come from India ; while it was n't clear how many of them were men , the university said 29 of its 44 Indian students total are male . Still , Beck-Sickinger has admitted making a mistake by engaging the rejected intern candidate with talk about rape in Indian society and how the issue spurred "  many  other  female professors in Germany  have  decided to no longer accept male Indian students for these reasons . " "  It was never my intention to make a defamatory comment about Indian society , " she said , according to a statement posted on the website of the University of Leipzig . "  I do not have anything against Indian students -- on the contrary . I sincerely apologize to anyone whose feelings I may have hurt . " Marital rape : Why is it legal in India ? The firestorm began with a recent post on the social-networking site Quora . It featured what appeared to be screenshots of email excerpts involving someone in the University of Leipzig 's biochemistry department . They fell under this provocative headline : "  What should an Indian male student do if he is denied an internship opportunity on the basis of India being projected as an unsafe country for women ? " The post did n't identify Beck-Sickinger , blacking out the name of the emails ' author . But it did lead with this statement that was later linked to her : "  Unfortunately I do n't accept any Indian male students for internships . We hear a lot about the rape problem in India which I can not support . I have many female students in the group , so I think this attitude is something I can not support . " The thing is , Beck-Sickinger says she "  never wrote " such a message , claiming this email was "  put together from individual segments taken from different mails . " "  I do not reject students because of reasons of race or gender , " she added . "  I am by no means racist or xenophobic in any way . " Here 's what the University of Leipzig says did happen : The professor told the candidate "  the laboratories are fully occupied . " The Indian applicant "  did n't accept " this rejection , the university says , and went back-and-forth with Beck-Sickinger over email . During that exchange , Beck-Sickinger wrote things that she later regretted -- excerpts of which were posted to Quora and the university acknowledged as legitimate . Speaking about how Indian men might be stereotyped due to reports about alarming instances of rape in their native country , she said , "  I fully agree that this is a generalization and may not apply to individuals . However it is also unbelievable that the Indian society is not able to solve this problem for many years now . " India bans rape documentary Beck-Sickinger referred to regular reports of "  multi-rape crimes " and abuse of female tourists that , "  for me ... demonstrate the attitude of society towards  women  . " Such incidents have moved other female professors to reject male Indians "  and currently other European female associations are joining . " "  Of course we can not change or influence the Indian society , " she added , "  but only take our consequences here in Europe . " The idea that the professor would n't accept male Indians for internships -- as reported by Quora and denied by the University of Leipzig -- riled up some in India , a number of whom wrote on the Quora thread . One user , identified as Sas Vijay , said , "  Do n't leave this issue . It is a serious fault to generalize people on such grounds . File a complaint . " Another user , posting as Hemanth Sriteja , wrote , "  I do n't wan na come to an era where I should say ` Hii  sic  , I 'm from India , I 'm not a rapist . " One person echoing that view publicly is Michael Steiner , Germany 's ambassador to India . "  Your oversimplifying and discriminating generalization is an offense to these women and men ardently committed to furthering women empowerment in India ; and it is an offense to millions of law-abiding , tolerant , open-minded and hard-working Indians , " Steiner wrote Monday in a letter posted on the embassy website . "  Let 's be clear : India is not a country of rapists . " The ambassador urged Beck-Sickinger "  to learn more about the diverse , dynamic and fascinating country and the many welcoming and open-minded people of India so that you could correct a simplistic image , which -- in my opinion -- is particularly unsuitable for a professor and teacher . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Sing and journalist Kunal Sehgal reported from India , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Professor notes she has Indians in her class and interning at her laboratory An online post suggests a German professor rejected a student over India 's "  rape problem " Professor denies this but does apologize for anyone "  hurt " by her remarks on Indian society
CNN  -- The Cannes Film Festival entrusted its opening to a Pixar film , and the animation studio did not disappoint . An adventurous boy and a cranky man travel by unusual means in the new Pixar film "  Up . " Pixar , which has produced such gems as "  Toy Story , " "  The Incredibles " and "  WALL-E , " introduced its latest feature , "  Up , " on Wednesday night at the French movie celebration . By critics ' reckonings , Pixar has never released a bad film , and those who saw "  Up , " its 10th feature , say the studio 's perfect record is still intact . The film is a "  captivating odd-couple adventure that becomes funnier and more exciting as it flies along , " wrote Variety 's Todd McCarthy . "  The two leading men are 78 and 8 years old , and the age range of those who will appreciate the picture is even a bit wider than that . " Gallery : Pixar in pictures " "  It 's a terrific family adventure , " wrote Peter Bradshaw of Britain 's The Guardian . "  The 3-D presentation gives it a real boost , but this film is airborne because of the traditional strengths : story , characterization and inventive animation with the old-fashioned values of clarity and simplicity . " See the excitement of Cannes ' opening " "  Up " concerns Carl Fredericksen , a balloon seller voiced by Ed Asner . Faced with eviction after his wife dies , Fredericksen decides to uproot himself -- literally -- by attaching hundreds of balloons to his house and flying it to South America . However , it turns out he 's not alone . A stowaway -- a Junior Wilderness Explorer named Russell  voiced by Jordan Nagai  -- is in the house as well , and the two of them become mutually dependent after landing a continent away . The film opens May 29 in the United States . Cannes audiences are notoriously vocal . They 'll whistle if they 're unhappy -- a French version of a boo -- and a movie that does n't meet the audience 's high standards will be treated to the repeated "  whop " sounds of theater seats banging shut as patrons leave . "  Up , " on the other hand , received little but cheers . CNN 's Natasha Curry , who 's at the festival , reports a morning screening concluded with applause . It 's an unlikely film to be opening Cannes . Not only is it animated , it 's animated by computer -- and , in some theaters , it will be shown in 3-D . Those are all firsts for a Cannes curtain raiser . But the Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan told CNN that "  Up " fits in with Cannes ' aspirations . "  Cannes likes to be seen as innovative , likes to be seen as embracing something new , " Turan observed . "  But really the reason ` Up ' is opening the festival is not because it 's animated , not because it 's 3-D , it 's ... because it 's a wonderful film . -LSB- Festival organizers -RSB- saw that , and I 'm sure they liked the fact that they could do something avant-garde in terms of technique , but really it 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film and that 's why it 's opening . " Turan said he sees Pixar 's work , and its recognition by Cannes , as another sign that animated features are among the best films being produced right now . "  The Pixar films , the Hayao Miyazaki films from Japan , the Wallace and Gromit films from Britain -- we 're really living in the golden age of animation , one of the great ages of animation in the whole history of film , " he said . "  And Cannes is happy to be part of that . Cannes is happy to recognize that . " CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	"  Up , " new film from Pixar , opens Cannes Film Festival Critics widely praise animated film -- the usual reaction to Pixar movies Why the opener ? "  It 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film , " critic Kenneth Turan says
CNN  -- An international peace conference in Johannesburg has been cancelled after South Africa refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend the event . Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Monday he would boycott the conference . Announcing the postponement at a news conference Tuesday , Irvin Khosa , chairman of the South African football league , did not offer an explanation . A presidential spokesman , Thabo Masebe , said little . "  South Africa has made this decision , " he said . "  We stand by the decision . " The peace conference had been scheduled to start Friday . Officials said they would like to have a conference in the future , but they did not offer a specific date . The conference had been organized by South African soccer officials , led by Khosa , and was billed as an opportunity to showcase South Africa 's role as a human-rights champion ahead of the 2010 World Cup -- the global soccer championship the nation will host next year . The presidential spokesman had said earlier that the Dalai Lama -- Tibet 's spiritual leader and a Nobel Laureate -- did not receive a visa because it was not in South Africa 's interest for him to attend . Masebe said South Africa thinks that , if the Dalai Lama attended the conference , the focus would shift away from the World Cup . "  We can not allow focus to shift to China and Tibet , " he said . He added that South Africa has gained much from its trading relationship with China . Khosa made the announcement at a news conference also attended by Chief Mandla Mandela , grandson of former South African President Nelson Mandela . Mandla Mandela said it was a sad day for the country 's democracy and the African continent that the South African government had denied the Dalai Lama a visa . South Africa should not succumb to international pressure , Mandela said . A representative of the Dalai Lama said he was not surprised by the visa refusal . The Tibetan government in exile thinks that China has pressured many countries to refuse a visit by the Dalai Lama , according to Chhime Chhoekyapa , an aide in Dharamsala , India . The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . The peace conference was to bring together Nobel laureates and top soccer officials . Archbishop Desmond Tutu ; former President F.W. De Klerk ; laureates Nelson Mandela and Martti Ahtisaar ; Seff Blatter , president of soccer 's international governing body ; and actress Charlize Theron were among those invited . The event had the blessing of the Nobel Committee . A presidential spokesman had said earlier that the Dalai Lama -- Tibet 's spiritual leader and a Nobel Laureate -- did not receive a visa because it was not in South Africa 's interest for him to attend .	South Africa refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend the event Spokesman : Not in South Africa 's interest for him to attend Grandson of Nelson Mandela said it was a sad day for country 's democracy
CNN  Swedish prosecutors have asked Julian Assange 's legal representatives whether the WikiLeaks founder would consent to be interviewed in London and have his DNA taken via a swab . Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden , where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Swedish prosecutors have previously balked at coming to Britain to question Assange . However , a number of the crimes Julian Assange is suspected of will be subject to a statute of limitation in August 2015 , according to a statement from Marianne Ny , the director of public prosecutions . "  If Assange gives his consent , the prosecutor will promptly submit a request for legal assistance to the British authorities to further continue the investigation , " the statement said . A request will also be made to the Ecuadorian authorities for permission to "  perform investigative measures " at its London embassy , the statement said . Ecuador granted Assange political asylum in 2012 . Assange 's defense lawyer , Per E. Samuelsson , said he called Assange on Friday morning with the news from the prosecution authority -- and that in principle they viewed the request positively . "  I think I woke him up , but he knew I was calling with news about the case since I called so early , " Samuelsson said . "  He was , of course , very happy that something is finally happening but he is irritated that it has taken such a long time . " This is a step that Assange and his team have been requesting for four years , Samuelsson said . Ny explained the logic behind the Swedish authorities ' change of approach in her statement . "  My view has always been that to perform an interview with him at the Ecuadorian embassy in London would lower the quality of the interview , and that he would need to be present in Sweden in any case should there be a trial in the future , " Ny said . "  This assessment remains unchanged . Now that time is of the essence , I have viewed it therefore necessary to accept such deficiencies to the investigation and likewise take the risk that the interview does not move the case forward , particularly as there are no other measures on offer without Assange being present in Sweden . " The Australian national has not been charged and denies the claims . He 's said he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks . Samuelsson said Assange 's legal team would travel over to London as soon as possible to discuss Ny 's request and that it expects to respond next week . "  The problem is that there are two more countries involved in this request so it might take some time to make all this happen , " Samuelsson said . Samuelsson also said Friday 's development was not a great surprise since Sweden 's Supreme Court had last week asked the prosecutor general for an opinion on the case . "  We think that the prosecutor general , who has taken over the case , probably told Prosecutor Ny to interview Assange in London , " he said . Assange has previously said the arrest warrant should be thrown out because , in part , Swedish authorities declined to interview him at the Ecuadorian Embassy , thereby prolonging a preliminary investigation that he said should have concluded long ago . London 's Metropolitan Police said last month that the cost of the operation to guard the embassy to prevent Assange fleeing had spiraled to more than 10 million pounds  $ 15.3 million .  overall CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report	Lawyer for Assange says they view the request positively but will have to discuss response Swedish prosecutors will ask Julian Assange 's lawyers if they can question him in London He is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims in Sweden ; he denies the allegations
CNN  -- Here 's what Katie Roche expected when she went into the hospital for spine surgery : two titanium rods , a bone graft , 17 screws in her vertebrae , eight hours in the operating room , and a week 's stay in the hospital to recover . Here 's what she did n't expect on top of all that : sharing a hospital room with a feverish 6-year-old and contracting a nasty bacterial infection her mother says nearly killed her . "  She got so weak she could n't even get out of bed to go to the bathroom -- I had to carry her , " says her mother , Kathleen Roche . "  For about 48 hours , I did n't think we 'd have Katie with us much longer . " Because of the infection she picked up at the hospital , Katie , who was 19 at the time , dropped from 120 to 90 pounds . The bacterium that made her so sick is called Clostridium difficile , and according to a study out this week , it 's more common than ever among hospitalized children in the United States , and children who get it are more likely to die or require surgery . The study found Clostridium difficile infections in hospitalized children went up 15 % per year from 1997 , when there were 3,565 infections , to 2006 , when there were 7,779 infections . The study looked at 10.5 million pediatric patients from 1997 to 2006 , of whom 21,274 , or 0.2 % , had C. diff , as the bacteria are commonly called . The study was published this week in the Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine . "  This is huge , and really concerning , " says Dr. Peter Pronovost , director of the Quality and Safety research group at Johns Hopkins University . What 's really disturbing , he says , is that these children did n't have to get sick . "  Most of these infections are preventable , " he added . Katie 's story Katie was a healthy 19-year-old avid soccer and volleyball player when she went into a New York City hospital in August 2008 for surgery to correct her scoliosis , or curvature of the spine . The surgery was successful , and she was discharged six days later doing well , except for a low-grade fever . A few days after she returned home to Katonah , a suburb of New York , Katie took a turn for the worse when the incisions on her back opened up and she began to feel weak . Her mother called the doctor , and he told her to bring Katie back to the hospital . Doctors found Katie had an infection -- not C. diff , but another bacterium -- and did a surgery to clear it up . "  When I woke up from that surgery I thought that was it , I was done , but they told me I 'd be having another surgery in 48 hours , " she remembers . "  And then I had to have another one , and then another one . " Katie and her parents did n't know it , but her situation was the perfect storm for a C. diff infection . She was taking massive doses of intravenous antibiotics , which kill the good bacteria in the gut , and C. diff thrives in the absence of good bacteria . "  I was throwing up all the time , and was so weak that one day I just blacked out in my hospital bed , " she remembers . The antibiotic Flagyl cleared up the C. diff , but by that time it had ravaged her intestines . "  It took six months for me to eat normally again , " she remembers . "  There 's no excuse " Across the country in California , Pacific Hospital of Long Beach has fixed its C. diff problem . Three years ago , the hospital had 5.3 C. diff infections for every 1,000 hospital admissions , and in the past three years it 's had none at all , according to Dr. Alfonso Torress-Cook , epidemiologist for the hospital . "  It 's frustrating , because some hospitals say there 's nothing they can do about their C. diff rates , " he says . "  But that 's no excuse . They could do a lot of things . " Based on Pacific Hospital 's success , here are some things parents can do to protect their children from C.diff when they 're in the hospital . For more information on preventing other types of hospital infections , see information from The Empowered Patient and the Committee to Reduce Infection Deaths . 1 . Give your child yogurt At Pacific , patients at high risk of C. diff are given yogurt because it helps restore the good bacteria in the gut that in turn help fight off bad bacteria . If your hospital does n't offer yogurt , Torress-Cook suggests that you bring it in yourself and that one serving a day is enough to help protect your child . If a child ca n't eat , he can take probiotic supplements containing lactobacillus . For babies , breast milk helps protect against C. diff infections . 2 . Know the signs of C. diff infection If your child has watery diarrhea , fever , abdominal pain , fast breathing , or is extremely sleepy , ask your doctor if it could be a C. diff infection . "  It 's not any one symptom , but the whole picture that 's important , " Pronovost says . "  If as a parent your gut tells you your child just is n't normal , there 's likely truth in that . " He adds that parents sometimes notice signs of infection before doctors or nurses . "  Parents are with their kids all the time , " he says . "  And nurses are by the bedside for 12 hours . As the attending physician , I actually have the least amount of time with the patient . " 3 . Clean everything C. diff spreads when someone touches the feces of an infected person , and then touches someone else , or touches a surface , such as a doorknob , that someone else will later touch . At Pacific , officials credit much of their success against the bacteria to a thorough cleaning of every room , even making sure to change the mop head between rooms . Torress-Cook recommends bringing your own disinfectant wipes and cleaning commonly touched surfaces , such as bedrails . The Committee to Reduce Infection Deaths has more information on how routine cleaning by hospital staff might not be enough to control C. diff . 4 . Ask for a private room Kathleen Roche says they 'll never know how Katie got sick , but they wonder if she got it from a feverish little girl who shared a room with Katie during both her first and second hospital stays . The Centers for Disease Control recommends that a patient with C. diff have his or her own room . If you 're concerned your child 's roommate is ill -- or that your child is ill -- you can ask to be separated . 5 . Make sure hospital staff wears glove , gowns After Katie was moved into her own room , her parents were told to wear gowns to cover their clothing and prevent the spread of their daughter 's infection to themselves and others . They noticed , however , that doctors and nurses did not wear gowns when visiting their daughter . "  There should be no difference whatsoever between precautions for the parents and precautions for the staff , " Pronovost says . "  If there is a difference , it 's likely the staff is being noncompliant . " If you see doctors and nurses are n't gowning up or washing their hands , tell them , Pronovost advises . "  As a parent I know we worry we 're going to piss off the doctor if we ask too many questions , " he says . "  But the reality is it 's your child 's life on the line , so it 's worth taking a risk . "	Katie dropped from 120 to 90 pounds because of the infection she picked up at the hospital The bacteria that made her sick is called Clostridium difficile , according to a new study Yogurt helps restore the good bacteria in the gut that help fight off bad bacteria Parents can sometimes notice signs of infection before doctors or nurses
CNN  -- A 43-year-old Missouri man told police that he suffocated his 3-year-old neighbor with a plastic bag , then stuffed her body in the same bag and tossed her from a highway , according to a court document . Shawn Morgan of Senath has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Breeann Rodriguez . The girl was last seen on August 6 , riding her pink bicycle with her brother outside their home in Senath . While authorities have found her bike , authorities continued to search Monday for her body , Dunklin County Prosecuting Attorney Stephen Sokoloff said . Sokoloff added -- and the Dunklin County court clerk 's office confirmed -- that Morgan does not yet have an attorney . His legal representation could be settled when he is arraigned in a Kennett , Missouri , court at 9 a.m. Tuesday , the prosecuting attorney said . According to a probable cause affidavit dated Saturday , police interviewed Morgan on Friday at the police department in Kennett , a larger community about 10 miles northeast of Senath . The suspect said that he spotted the girl standing on a ladder by the pool in his backyard , in Breeann 's neighborhood . He told police that he grabbed the girl and carried her inside his house . There , according to the affidavit , the man "  suffocated the girl with a white plastic trash bag , by holding it over her face and mouth . "  Morgan states that he felt like it took an hour for the girl to die , " the document adds . It says Morgan told police he put the girl 's body into the same trash bag , and then drove to Missouri 's Highway 164 and got rid of the body by throwing it over a railing into a floodway ditch . After returning home , Morgan said , he then dismantled the girl 's bike and dumped it into another , related waterway , the document says . A bicycle was recovered there and identified by Edgar Rodriguez as belonging to Breeann , his daughter . Police said Thursday that they had found two training wheels similar to those on the girl 's bike . In addition to murder , Sokoloff said in a statement Saturday that Morgan is charged with armed criminal action and tampering with physical evidence . The suspect , who Sokoloff said had three children of his own , is being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center . The FBI , which earlier had a major role in the case , has passed off control of the investigation to local authorities following Morgan 's arrest , FBI spokeswoman Rebecca Wu said . Meanwhile , the approximately 1,800 residents of Senath -- a city in southeast Missouri 's "  boot heel , " about 90 miles north of Memphis , Tennessee -- are trying to come to grips with what happened . Sharon Haddock , who raised two children on the same street as both the victim and her alleged killer , said Monday that she knew Morgan as "  a little boy " and knew some of his family members as "  very nice people . " "  It 's just beyond belief that anybody ... could have done this , but now anybody on your street , " she told HLN 's Vinnie Politan . "  You think you know your neighbors , but you do n't know them as well as you think you do . I would have never dreamed this in a million years . " Another neighbor , Estelle Floyd , said she had lived 89 of her 90 years always feeling safe . But that sense of security has been shaken -- and she 's still trying to make sense of what happened . "  All these neighbors ... they 'd do anything for anybody at any time , " Floyd told HLN . "  This was such a shock ... It has touched the hearts of everybody in this town . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : A neighbor says , "  I would have never dreamed this in a million years " The suspect , who does n't have a lawyer , will be in court Tuesday , an official says Shawn Morgan is charged with first-degree murder in a 3-year-old girl 's death An affidavit states he told police he grabbed the girl and suffocated her
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the accused Fort Hood gunman , is paralyzed from the waist down , his lawyer said Friday . "  It appears he wo n't be able to walk in the future , " said Hasan 's civilian attorney , retired Army Col. John Galligan . Hasan also has severe pain in his hands , the attorney said . Authorities say Hasan , a U.S. Army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on November 5 , killing 13 people . Two civilian officers engaged Hasan , wounding him . One officer was wounded . Two heroes emerge in shooting Army officials announced Thursday that Hasan is charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder , making him eligible for the death penalty . Galligan said he spent an hour Thursday with Hasan at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , where he is being treated . A family member whom he did not identify was also present during the hourlong meeting . As investigators explore what may have led to the shooting rampage , the U.S. State Department 's top counterterrorism official said Thursday there appears to be no operational link between Hasan and any outside group , citing investigators who looked into Hasan 's communications with a radical Islamic cleric . Daniel Benjamin , the department 's counterterrorism coordinator , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that Hasan and Imam Anwar al-Awlaki had communicated through e-mails , but their content raised no red flags to investigators . Watch Amanpour , Benjamin discuss the case "  I believe that the various investigating bureaus have said that they have seen these e-mail messages to a radical cleric , but that they were not a sufficient concern to open up an investigation , and there does n't appear to be any linkage to any outside group in terms of the operation itself , " Benjamin said in his first television interview since taking up his post . Counterterrorism investigators monitoring al-Awlaki came across the e-mails with Hasan during their investigation last year . In a separate development , President Obama ordered an immediate inventory and review of intelligence related to the shooting and Hasan , and whether information was properly shared between government agencies . Those who knew Hasan before he was a major in the Army say he was long known for militant Islamist views . Doctors who crossed paths with Hasan in medical programs paint a picture of a subpar student who wore his religious views on his sleeve . Several doctors who knew Hasan spoke to CNN , but only on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation . Hasan "  was clearly espousing Islamist ideology " during his time as a medical student at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda , Maryland , one of his former classmates said . After the shooting , Hasan 's family revealed little about him , saying in media interviews that Hasan was a "  good American " and a lifelong Muslim who complained that he was harassed in the Army because of his religion . His former classmates describe a much more militant man . His presentations for school were often laced with extremist Muslim views , one source said . "  Is your allegiance to Sharia -LSB- Islamic -RSB- law or the United States ? " students once challenged Hasan , the source said . "  Sharia law , " the source says Hasan responded . The incident was corroborated by another doctor who was present . The source also recalled an instance in which Hasan was asked if the U.S. Constitution was a brilliant document , to which Hasan replied , "  No , not particularly . " The former classmate told CNN that he voiced concerns about Hasan to supervisors at the school . A second former medical school colleague of Hasan said that several people raised concerns about Hasan 's overall competence . Even though Hasan earned his medical degree and residency , some of his fellow students believed that he "  did n't have the intellect " to be in the program and was not academically rigorous in his coursework . Hasan "  was not fit to be in the military , let alone in the mental health profession , " this classmate told CNN . "  No one in class would ever have referred a patient to him , or trusted him with anything . " The first classmate echoed this sentiment . Hasan was "  coddled , accommodated and pushed through that masters of public health despite substandard performance , " the classmate said . He was "  put in the fellowship program because they did n't know what to do with him . " The second classmate said he witnessed at least two of Hasan 's PowerPoint discussions that included what he described as extremist views . In these presentations , which were supposed to be about health , the source said that Hasan justified suicide bombings and spoke about the persecution of Muslims in the Middle East , in the United States and in the U.S. military . Some in the crowd rolled their eyes or muttered under their breath , he said , and others were clearly uncomfortable . Those in the audience , which included program supervisors , did not loudly object to Hasan 's presentations , but did complain to their higher-ups afterward . The supervisors expressed "  appreciation , understanding and agreement " that the complaints would be discussed , but the source said it was unclear what action , if any , came . Despite the controversy that his schoolwork created , classmates did not view Hasan as mentally unstable or psychotic , the source said . Questions remain over how much Hasan 's behavior and actions in school were reflected in his personnel files . Col. Kimberly Kesling , deputy commander of clinical services for Darnell Medical Center at Fort Hood and Hasan 's supervisor at the post , told reporters last week that Hasan was doing a good job in Texas . "  As a supervisor , I am aware of the job performance of people coming into our organization , that is part of our credentialing process , " Kesling said . "  The types of things that were reported to me via his evaluation report were things that concerned me , but did not raise red flags toward this -LSB- the shootings -RSB- in any way , shape or form . " "  His evaluation reports said that he had some difficulties in his residency , fitting into his residency , and we worked very hard to integrate him into our practice and into our organization , and he adapted very well , was doing a really good job for us , " she said . Prompted by reports of former classmates , however , Army investigators would like to speak with people who have had contact with Hasan over the years and who may have information about his activities and behavior , said Maj. Gen Kevin Bergner , head of U.S. Army public affairs . And Defense Secretary Robert Gates weighed in on the bits and pieces of information surfacing about Hasan . "  I deplore the leaks that have taken place , " he said on a trip to Oshkosh , Wisconsin . People are talking about "  what they know , which is one small piece of the puzzle . " "  They do n't know whether or not what they 're leaking might jeopardize a potential criminal investigation and trial , " he said . Hasan came under investigation when his contacts with al-Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators monitoring the cleric 's communications , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . An employee of the Defense Department 's Criminal Investigative Services , assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , ultimately decided to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan 's personnel files . CNN 's Brian Todd and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	"  It appears he wo n't be able to walk in the future , " Nidal Malik Hasan 's attorney says Lawyer , retired Army Col. John Galligan , said he spent an hour with Hasan on Thursday A family member whom Galligan did not identify was also present during the meeting
The first officer aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines flight once invited two teenagers he just met into the cockpit of his plane during another international flight , one of the women told "  Piers Morgan Live . " Jonti Roos , who first told her story to the Australian Channel 9 program "  A Current Affair , " said she is Facebook friends with Fariq Ab Hamid , the first officer on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Roos told CNN on Wednesday that she and a friend were waiting for a flight in 2011 when Hamid and another pilot asked them if they wanted to sit in the cockpit during the flight . Roos and her friend agreed and went to their assigned seats when they boarded . Later they were escorted to the cockpit , she said , and they were there for the rest of the flight . Such a practice would be illegal on U.S. carriers , but not necessarily so on international ones , CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest said . Access to the cockpit is up to the discretion of the captain . Roos provided pictures she said was from the flight she described . In a statement , Malaysia Airlines said it was "  shocked by these allegations . " "  We have not been able to confirm the validity of the pictures and videos of the alleged incident , " it said . "  As you are aware , we are in the midst of a crisis , and we do not want our attention to be diverted . " How you can help find the plane "  A Current Affair " said Roos e-mailed its producers about the incident after she was on Facebook and recognized Hamid , 27 , as one of the two pilots during a December 2011 flight from Phuket , Thailand , to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . The teens , who lived in South Africa at the time , were returning from a vacation , she said . Hamid , who joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007 , had compiled 2,763 flying hours by last Saturday , when the Boeing 777-200ER carrying 239 people went off radar screens . "  Yes , they were posing for pictures . I 'd just like to make it very clear I do n't think they were distracted at all by posing for pictures . We did take pictures of them , but I do n't think it was a distraction , " Roos said by Skype from her current home in Melbourne , Australia . Michael Goldfarb , a former U.S. Federal Aviation Administration chief of staff , said that the long routes in international flying can be boring and some pilots will watch movies on personal computers while the plane is in the cruise portion of the flight . But inviting outsiders in the cockpit would be a no-no . "  It just violates every code of conduct . I do n't believe Malaysia Air  would approve of such conduct  ... they certainly would be shocked at that , " he said . After the flight , Roos said , Hamid sent her a Facebook message , wishing her a safe flight home . Roos said she was shocked when she learned that Hamid was at the controls of the missing plane . "  I could n't believe it , " she told "  A Current Affair . " "  When I saw all his friends and his family posting on his wall , obviously , my heart really broke for them and my heart broke for all the families of the passengers . It 's a really sad story . " Asked why she had contacted the television program , Roos said , "  It seems like everybody 's completely in the dark and nobody has any information , so I thought the tiny bit that I have I just want to share and maybe it can help with something . " She brushed off suggestions that she was lying about the cockpit adventure and told Morgan the proof was in the pictures . "  I have no reason to make something like this up . It 's not malicious at all , , " she said . "  I would n't want to make something up that would potentially hurt people . " Timeline of the flight Four scenarios	Jonti Roos tells CNN that she and her friend took pictures with the pilots during the flight She says she is Facebook friends with the first officer still and saw the news he was missing There is no reason to make up a story that might hurt families of the missing , she says Malaysia Airlines is checking the report , spokesman says
CNN  -- Argentina 's Congress debated a broadcast reform bill Wednesday , a proposal analysts say is the latest blow in a fight between President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and media conglomerate Grupo Clarin . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has blamed Grupo Clarin for her low approval ratings . The goal of the so-called Audio-Visual Communication law is to regulate television and radio broadcasters , and increase competition in the media industry , according to a draft of the bill . Analysts say the bill could be approved by the lower Chamber of Congress as early as Thursday after Fernandez de Kirchner withdrew a contentious article that would have allowed telecom companies to enter the broadcast industry . The media law calls for the creation of a regulatory agency and spells out ownership rules regarding how many and what kind of outlets one company can hold . This bill is "  for everyone who wants to live in a more democratic and more pluralistic Argentina , " Fernandez de Kirchner said in a speech last month . But critics said it targets the powerful Grupo Clarin . The newspaper Clarin has been highly critical of the leadership of Fernandez de Kirchner and her husband and predecessor , Nestor Kirchner . Although the proposed legislation would not affect newspapers , Grupo Clarin 's other business interests in cable , television and radio would be forced to be sold off or restructured . " -LSB- Cristina -RSB- Kirchner saw -LSB- Clarin -RSB- as a limit to her power , and this was the origin of the conflict , " Argentine political analyst Rosendo Fraga said . Argentina 's case is just one of a number of fights between the presidency and the media in Latin America . "  At this moment , in Nicaragua , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador and Argentina , the presidents have conflicts with the private media and seek to dominate them , although each country is a different case , " Fraga said . Among the changes proposed in the bill , a company that owns a cable business would not be allowed to own any over-the-air broadcast channels . Also , the owner of a cable company would be allowed to have only one channel on that system . In its current form , Grupo Clarin would be in violation of both limits , among others . "  It hits other media groups , but Clarin is the one it hurts , " said Daniel Kerner , an analyst at Eurasia Group . The reform would also redistribute broadcast frequencies into thirds : one-third for private media , one-third for the government and one-third for nongovernmental organizations and other civil groups . "  More control of the media by the government , this is the main motivation , " Kerner said . Journalism advocacy groups have raised concerns , focusing on a proposed requirement that broadcasters renew licenses every two years . "  We are extremely concerned at the opportunity created under the current draft legislation for political pressure on broadcasters , " International Press Institute Director David Dadge said in a statement . "  We urge Argentinean legislators not to pass this bill in its current form . " If anyone is applying unfair pressure , it is monopolistic media companies , Fernandez de Kirchner said . "  Freedom of expression can not turn into freedom of extortion , " she said during an August 27 speech . "  The right to information means the right to all information , not to the concealment of part of the information and the distortion and manipulation of the other part . " Grupo Clarin has about two-thirds of the cable market in Argentina , but its other products do n't come close to monopolistic figures , Fraga said . Both Kirchners have blamed Clarin 's critical reports for their low approval ratings . The ruling party was dealt a strong defeat during recent midterm elections . In response , Fernandez de Kirchner has come out swinging at the Clarin newspaper and its parent company , observers said . Last month , the government pushed the nation 's soccer association to rescind a contract it had with Clarin to broadcast games . The government reached into its coffers and offered the association double what Clarin was paying for rights to broadcast the games . This month , 200 tax agents made a surprise raid on the newspaper 's offices , ostensibly to check employment records , editor Ricardo Kirschbaum said . But the agents left after three hours , empty-handed . "  Their real mission was to intimidate , " Kirschbaum said . The editor bristles at the characterization of the bill as part of conflict between his newspaper and the government . The Kirchners "  have a hostile stance , not just against Clarin but against all the press , " he said . "  They are the proponents of ` democratizing ' the media through this law , and this is how they regard the media ? It 's paradoxical . "	Draft bill says goal is to regulate broadcasters , increase competition President says it will bring "  more democratic and more pluralistic " country Some say it targets Grupo Clarin , which has been critical of leader Latin America has seen many fights between media , presidents
CNN  -- These past six weeks , we 've been thinking a lot about the ocean . But there 's a deeper story than this one oil spill . Unfortunately the Deepwater Horizon disaster is a pretty typical example of the way we think about the ocean : We just do n't worry about stuff that happens out there . The ocean covers 71 percent of the Earth 's surface , and we hardly know anything about it . We humans are creating big problems because of what we do n't know . We take fish from the ocean to eat without really knowing where they came from , or what they eat , or how many of them there are , or if we 're maybe taking the last one . We dump whatever we like in the ocean and watch it float away -- to where ? Who cares ? The ocean is a massive , unexplored area of our planet , and in the U.S. , we spend less on getting to know it than we spend on getting to know outer space . And our lack of attention is showing . Ocean fish are shrinking in size from year to year ; coral reefs are being scraped away , and glorious ocean habitats are dying . But because it happens in the blank blue part of the globe , we do n't hear about it or if we do , we do n't pay attention . Watch the story of a woman who rowed the Pacific So how can we get your attention on the ocean -- so we can start solving these problems we 're creating ? In April , we went on a trip to the Galápagos with 100 ocean scientists , activists and artists , filmmakers and musicians , to talk about what 's going on in the ocean and what we can do to help . On the Mission Blue Voyage , we heard things and saw things that shocked us -- like Brian Skerry 's picture of shrimp bycatch , the 8 pounds of dead sea creatures that are thrown away as garbage in order to catch 10 ounces of shrimp . Watch Skerry 's talk about the glory and shame of the oceans And we saw Jeremy Jackson describe a nearly lifeless ocean taken over by jellyfish . We also saw amazing things , thing that blew our minds -- like watching a bioluminescent jellyfish light up its mating display in the pitch-black deep ocean . We talked with some of the smartest people we 've ever met , and we came up with some big plans for saving the ocean . But we came home from the trip still wondering -- will it make a difference ? We 're not scientists , but we know something we can do : encourage you to talk and think about the ocean , with hope that you will be more involved in the things that will make a difference . It 's hard to think about having a role in saving something so overwhelmingly immense . But you can be a part of making things better . In fact , all of us have to . Here are some great places to start : • Write a letter to your elected representative . Handwrite it ; it makes a difference if you do . Let them know you support increased funding for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The more we learn about the ocean , the better we can protect it . If you live in Hawaii , thank your legislator for being part of the ban on sharkfin soup ; if you live outside Hawaii , ask your state or county representatives why it has n't been banned yet where you live . • If you 're on Facebook , join the Mission Blue page or if you 're on Twitter , follow @MissionBlue to keep up with ocean news . • Get one of those little responsible seafood guides , and use it . If you eat fish , tell your fish guy that sustainable fish is important to you , and not to sell you any more shrimp from overseas . And do n't eat any more bluefin tuna or sharkfin soup . Did you know we killed 10 million sharks last year just for their fins ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chevy and Jayni Chase .	Gulf oil disaaster has drawn attention to the oceans for 6 weeks Chevy and Jayni Chase say we do n't pay much attention to oceans , 71 percent of planet In U.S. , we spend less on ocean exploration than on space , they say Chases : "  Glorious ocean habitats are dying "
CNN Student News  -- December 9 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Iraq Hawaii Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Beijing  CNN  -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's latest charm offensive with China has generated decidedly mixed reviews . Last week , he hosted a senior Chinese official whose office is responsible for banning Facebook -- along with other popular sites like YouTube and Twitter -- in China . In photos posted on China.com.cn , a government-run web portal , top Internet regulator Lu Wei is seen seated in Zuckerberg 's chair at Facebook 's California campus while holding a book with Chinese President Xi Jinping 's portrait adorning its cover . The accompanying text explains that , when Lu found a copy of "  Xi Jinping : The Governance of China " on Zuckerberg 's desk , the young billionaire told the smiling Communist Party cadre in Mandarin : "  I also bought this book for my colleagues -- I want them to understand socialism with Chinese characteristics . " That quote has quickly gone viral online , along with a propaganda poster-style image that features Zuckerberg in a Chinese soldier 's uniform clutching Xi 's book to his chest . Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Kowtowing ? Chinese internet users have reacted with as much surprise and amusement as ridicule and disapproval . Some sound sympathetic to Zuckerberg 's strong desire to crack China 's Internet market , the world 's largest and a gaping hole in Facebook 's global reach . "  He 's a smart guy -- to conquer that market means to cooperate with the Chinese government and make money together , " wrote one Twitter user . Others , however , feel betrayed by Zuckerberg 's apparent kowtowing to Beijing authorities , who have built one of the world 's most extensive Internet filtering and censorship systems to restrict speech and crush dissent online . "  Even if you have read all the books by Xi or  late paramount leaders  Deng Xiaoping or Mao Zedong , it 's not going to help you in China , " said another commenter . "  You 're already late in the game and then there is censorship -- it would make more sense for you to work with Google to end Internet censorship . " China smitten ? China 's state media has been smitten with Zuckerberg since his October visit to Beijing , where he wowed students at an elite university by answering their questions in accented but fluent Mandarin . To rousing applause , the 30-year-old Internet entrepreneur said he took on the challenge of studying Mandarin to communicate with his wife 's family and to better appreciate the Chinese culture . He also traded his signature hoodie-and-jeans look for a suit and tie when he met Politburo Standing Committee member Wang Qishan -- one of seven men who effectively rule the country -- at a heavily guarded leadership compound just west of Tiananmen Square . "  Wang and Lu should be Zuckerberg 's sponsors for joining the Communist Party and Xi can grant his immediate approval for admission , " tweeted Hu Jia , one of China 's most prominent political dissidents , upon learning the Facebook co-founder 's remarks to Lu about Xi 's book . "  I once held up a sign that said ` regimes that block Facebook wo n't last long , ' " he added . "  Now I 'm afraid Zuckerberg is making a deal or even forming an alliance with the enemy of the Internet . " For Hu and others , no Facebook at all is preferable to a Facebook with Chinese characteristics .	Mark Zuckerberg hosts China 's Internet regulator at Facebook 's California campus Lu Wei banned Facebook , Twitter and You Tube in China He 's pictured sitting on Zuckerberg 's desk , with book written by Xi Jinping Chinese netizens have reacted with surprise and ridicule
New Delhi  CNN  -- Outside the jail where he is staying , though he is n't a prisoner , Indian activist Anna Hazare has a growing crowd of supporters to back him up . "  Even if we die , we will remain adamant in our protest . We will not move from here , " said Tarun Garg , one of Hazare 's supporters , on Wednesday . Hazare was planning to go on a hunger strike to call for stronger anti-corruption measures when he was detained Tuesday . As thousands took to the streets to protest the arrest , authorities let him free , but he refused to leave the jail . Now it looks like the anti-corruption crusader has accepted a police proposal that will allow him to fast in New Delhi for two weeks . Hazare adviser Kiran Bedi said on Twitter that police removed "  unacceptable conditions " and will allow the protest to begin Thursday afternoon . The social reformer has become an unlikely figurehead for the fight against corruption in the country . Hazare , 74 , was not known nationally until recently . His protest seems to have struck a chord with Indian society across the spectrum because corruption is pervasive at all levels of government , observers say . He has been able to mobilize public support because there is so much dissatisfaction with the issue . Citizens have even created a website -- ipaidabribe.com -- where people can denounce the corruption they encounter in their daily lives . The prime minister 's handling of the protest appears to have added to Hazare 's status , because it makes it look like the government is going after the messenger rather than offering solutions . Corruption is considered an endemic problem that affects all levels of Indian society . According to a 2010 Transparency International report , India ranked 87th out of 178 countries in its corruption-perception index . In April , Suresh Kalmadi , the chief organizer for last year 's Commonwealth Games , was arrested and accused of buying a time , scoring and result system from a Swiss company at inflated costs . Meanwhile , India 's former telecom minister A. Raja , several bureaucrats and corporate officials are facing trial in connection with a multi-billion-dollar scandal involving the suspected below-price sale of mobile-phone radio waves or spectrum in 2008 . The draw that Hazare 's planned hunger strike has was so great that police first tried to put conditions on it . Organizers did not accept six of 22 police conditions for allowing the protest , including limiting the crowd to the capacity of the ground , police said . As a result , Hazare was detained , as were 1,300 supporters who planned to join Hazare at a protest site . A magistrate sent Hazare and seven supporters to jail after they failed to post bail , according to Rajan Bhagat , a police spokesman in New Delhi . They were freed hours later and shifted to a prison office after the magistrate issued release orders , jail spokesman Sunil Gupta said . The group had refused to leave the prison office until they are allowed to hold their hunger strike without unacceptable conditions , the jail spokesman said . Thousands gathered in several cities , chanting pro-Hazare slogans and echoing his demands . Supporters carrying Indian flags held sit-ins , marches and noisy demonstrations . Many had "  I am Anna " labels on their shirts . Hazare conducted a similar five-day hunger strike in April at New Delhi 's Jantar Mantar landmark , ending it after India 's prime minister agreed to introduce long-pending legislation meant to crack down on graft . Anti-corruption campaigners have rejected legislation prepared by the federal government to create a citizen ombudsman , saying the bill , now in Parliament , is too weak to tackle endemic graft in the system . Critics have accused the activists of undermining lawmakers who will decide the proposed law . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday justified the arrests in a statement before Parliament . "  Our government acknowledges the right of citizens to hold peaceful protests , " he said . Hazare and his supporters would have been allowed to hold their protest fast if they had accepted the conditions , he said . Amid shouts by opposition lawmakers over the police response to Hazare 's protest , the Indian prime minister also cited supremacy of the legislature . "  I am not aware of any constitutional philosophy or principle that allows anyone to question the sole prerogative of parliament to make a law , " he said . Singh , whose government is roiled in massive corruption scandals , acknowledged in a national address earlier in the week that no single measure could handle chronic corruption . "  I believe that there is no single big step which we can take to eradicate corruption . In fact , we will have to act simultaneously on many fronts , " Singh said . Campaigners ' insistence on not accepting legislation other than their own version of the anti-corruption bill was "  beyond comprehension , " Home Minister P. Chidambaram told reporters Tuesday . "  How can you indirectly endorse such an argument that it is his bill and no other bill  that is acceptable  ? " he said . Police took Hazare into custody after the veteran activist told officers that he would "  defy " orders not to hold a demonstration , Chidambaram said . He said Hazare and his supporters were welcome to raise their concerns with a parliamentary committee that will scrutinize the legislation before it is presented to lawmakers for a vote . Activists appealed to government employees to take a day off work in a show of solidarity with Hazare , a call federal officials were quick to term "  wrong . " "  I sincerely hope that the government servants do n't respond to such wrong calls , " Chidambaram said . CNN 's Ram Ramgopal contributed to this report .	NEW : Police reportedly remove conditions on fast , Hazare adviser says Authorities detained Anna Hazare as he planned a hunger strike to push for anti-corruption measures Prime minister says arrests before protest were justified
CNN  -- Dan Bucatinsky is a gay dad in real life , and he also plays one on TV . The 47-year-old actor , producer and author recently won the Outstanding Actor in a Guest Role Emmy award for his work on ABC 's mega-hit "  Scandal . " Along with Lisa Kudrow , Bucatinsky co-produces the TLC show "  Who Do You Think You Are ? " in which celebrities trace their family roots . Off-screen , he and his husband , writer and director Don Roos are parents to two young children , Eliza and Jonah . Bucatinsky wrote about their road to becoming a family in his memoir , "  Does This Baby Make Me Look Straight ? : Confessions of a Gay Dad . " CNN spoke with Bucatinsky about the challenges and commonalities same-sex parents find in a world where the definition of "  family " is evolving . An edited transcript is below . CNN : When you were growing up and coming to terms with being gay , did it ever cross your mind that you might someday be a father ? Dan Bucatinsky : It was n't something that I dared to aspire to . I lived a lot of years in denial . I spent a lot of my teen years promising myself that if it turned out to be true , that I would kill myself . I 'm really glad that I did n't fulfill that promise . Even early in my 20s when I came out of the closet , I was n't really thinking about marriage . I focused on my career , and I did n't have a clear picture of my future as being in a relationship , having kids and having a domestic life . By 27 , I was settling down , and it became clearer to me that it was something I was subconsciously craving . I was so envious of the gay men I 'd meet who wore wedding rings . I remember feeling some kind of pang in my mid-to-late 20s . Maybe it was too painful to really picture . I felt like it was n't in my cards . I met Don when I was 27 , and we did n't have kids until I was 40 . For 12 years we talked about it , but not seriously , until the last five years . I did n't believe it was possible , so now , when I think about it , it 's just surreal . CNN : When you talk to young , gay men about parenthood now , do their expectations differ from that ? Bucatinsky : It 's amazing how different it is now to talk to someone who is exactly my age when I met Don -- a 27-year-old out , gay man  who has probably been out since he was 15  . It 's a foregone conclusion that if they want it , marriage and kids could be in their future . Parents used to say , "  I love you just the same that you 're gay , but it 's such a sad , lonely life , " but that ca n't be said anymore . CNN : When parenthood was finally happening for you and your husband , did you worry about not having a blueprint for it ? Bucatinsky : While we were expecting Eliza , I was in such shock and denial that it was really happening . It did n't occur to me what would happen when we took that baby home . I did n't really think it through . Nor did my spouse and I have long enough discussions about our parenting styles . We have subsequently discovered our differences , which hopefully leads to a little yin and yang with the kids . There were parents that to me were just the ideal . Many of them were straight moms who have just been great , supporting , warm , funny and tough , at least in my perception of them . I 'm sure they all had their own bouts of self-doubt . They became my role models , and I hoped I could be as good as them ; their kids turned out so great . CNN : Is motherhood necessarily tied to femininity ? Dan Bucatinsky : It 's not . What I discovered inside me that I did n't realize was there , was mommyness . But by definition of the fact that I 'm not a mommy , if I 'm finding qualities that I 'm describing as "  mommyness " then why do I have to attach a gender to them ? Why ca n't we move to a time where "  parent " is an umbrella term that encapsulates a lot of things : discipline , nurturing , sustenance , support and boundaries ? When you 're a gay dad , you get the question , "  Which one of you is the mom ? " I used to get offended by it , but now I just answer : I am . If you 're asking me in the way that I 'm using the term "  mom " loosely , then yes , I have fallen into those more mommyish kinds of roles . Don has fallen more into the daddyish roles , but that does n't mean that he does n't do bath time . But straight parents , too , any modern dad now is doing the same kinds of things . It does n't really have to do with gay or straight anymore . CNN : There 's a line in the book : "  We have the added challenge or privilege to expand who we are with our kids . " What is it like to not have these distinct boundaries ? Bucatinsky : While there 's a certain freedom , it 's scary because you have to figure it out and navigate it and negotiate it with the other parent in a way that a lot of my straight friends do n't really have to . For them , it 's a given : dad just being a dad , and mom acting the way all the moms act . Our roles bounce back and forth a lot . We cover all the bases in a way that might be in a more traditional family : mom does this , dad does that . When you 're two men , things are going to be different . Someone naturally falls into the role of the cook , cleaner and Band-Aid putter-oner . Those things were discoveries for us and sometimes challenges , because we both want to make decisions and have to negotiate . CNN : How do you frame "  family " to your children ? Bucatinsky : We refer to a lot of our closest friends as "  aunt " and "  uncle , " which is an honor that is usually based on bloodlines . It may be symptomatic of living in a big city where you surround yourself with disenfranchised people who become your chosen family . Straight couples face this ; people expect you to have kids and how do you call yourself a family if you do n't ? Don and I became a family the minute we made a home together . We 've introduced two kids into it , but we were a family before that . There were friends in our lives who were just like family , if not closer . Then there 's the notion of calling ourselves the "  fathers " of our children . We 're not their biological fathers , but does that make me any less their father ? If you can adopt children and be nonbiological parents , you can be nonbiological aunts , uncles , cousins , brothers and sisters . As time goes on and we redefine marriage and commitment and parenthood , we 're opening up the ability to define words differently , and I think it 's a good thing . CNN : There were n't really portrayals of same-sex parents on TV when you were growing up . How does it feel to be a role model for gay men growing up now ? Dan Bucatinsky : You can only imagine how blessed and shocked I feel that I 'm not only living the life of a gay father , but also get to play one on television and also portray the struggle between career , family and marriage . Portrayal of same-sex parents have been few and far between , but it 's really important that in  "  Scandal " creator  Shonda Rhimes ' writing , she does the "  just happens to be " story about the act of being a parent , which is something that 's completely universal . The parents just happen to be both men , both women or single . I grew up watching the same shows everyone else did , "  The Brady Bunch , " "  The Waltons . " There were so many portrayals of the perfect mom and dad on TV , you would think each person would grow up with the idea that this was the kind of mom or dad they wanted to become . There were no portrayals of gay parents . It was n't an option , which in a way is one of the most liberating things . You can emerge and forge your own path and not feel like you have to live in the footsteps of any media portrayal . CNN : What do you want your kids to look back and remember about how they were parented ? Bucatinsky : There 's a reasonableness I aspire to . I do n't want to be extreme in any way . I hope that when my kids are older and think back to their upbringing that though they may or may not feel some sense of having missed out on something like having a mom , which they would have every right to feel and explore , they do n't feel like they were in want of any love or support . I hope they understand as they grow older that we love them unconditionally , and they derive a sense of self esteem of having lived this way and had fun . Follow Kat Kinsman and keep up with CNN Parents on Twitter . Are you a same-sex parent who has faced interesting challenges or found creative ways to address your parental role ? We 'd love to hear all about it in the comments below .	Actor Dan Bucatinsky grew up never thinking he 'd have a chance to be a dad Parenting has its own unique set of challenges as two dads figure out roles Bucatinsky , who is gay , was surprised and thrilled to find his "  mommyness " Playing gay father on "  Scandal " gives him a chance to be role model for new generation
CNN  -- At least 13 people in Turkey have been detained in connection with the deadly weekend car bombings near the Syrian border , the semi-official Anadolu news agency reported Tuesday , quoting a top government official . At least 47 people died and about 100 were wounded when two explosives-laden cars blew up Saturday in the town of Reyhanli . Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay confirmed the number of detentions Tuesday and said police were looking for others who have been tied to the incident . "  Because the investigation is ongoing , we are naming neither the persons nor the organization , " he said . Turkish government officials blame Marxists with Syrian connections for the attacks and the incident stoked concern that Turkey has gotten too involved with the Syrian crisis . "  For the time being , there is no evidence suggesting that al Qaeda was involved , " Interior Minister Muammer Guler told Anadolu . He and other Turkish officials accuse a former Marxist terror group that they say maintains relations with Syria 's intelligence services . The conflict in Syria has repeatedly spilled across the border into Turkey , prompting Turkish security forces to reinforce the frontier . At Turkey 's request , the NATO military alliance deployed several Patriot missile batteries to protect Turkish border cities from the threat of Syrian missile attacks . Turkey is trying to accommodate nearly 300,000 refugees from Syria 's civil war , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . The attacks fueled anger at some of the Syrians who have taken shelter in Reyhanli . CNN 's Yousif Basil , Gul Tuysuz and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	At least 47 people were killed and scores were wounded in the bombings Police are continuing their investigation Turkey has sheltered many Syrian refugees
Do you see your little business idea growing into "  the next Facebook ? " Every startup owner does , and there are thousands of them out there , competing for attention . So how do you make sure your enterprise stands out ? Here are the top tips from investors , venture capitalists and successful startup owners at Dublin 's Web Summit . 1 . Pick the right investor If you are hoping to get funding for your e-commerce company , there is no point in pitching to investors interested only in educational apps . Yet wannabe entrepreneurs do it all the time . Look for the right people . "  If you look at my Twitter , find me on LinkedIn and read my blog , you will immediately know what makes me excited , " says Ciaran O'Leary , a partner in international venture capital firm Early Bird . 2 . Tell a story "  Too many people come to us to speak about themselves or their little piece of technology , " says Ekaterina Gianelli from venture capital company Inventure . "  We like to hear about a problem and your solution to it . Tell us a story to remember . " 3 . Keep it short You do n't need hundreds of pages or PowerPoint slides to pitch your idea . Keep it brief and simple . "  Some of the best ideas in the world can be described in one or two sentences , " O'Leary says . 4 . Present the whole package Many startup owners think they can simply present their idea and big name investors will give them money . But the real world does n't work like TV 's "  Shark Tank . " Have an early prototype to hand and show the investors its potential . Make sure you have a clear vision and a realistic business plan . "  What investors want is a half-inflated balloon , which will inflate into something amazing if they invest their bucks in it , " says Byron Smith , the owner of a startup Blue . 5 . Be open If something is not quite right in your books or the details of your product are a bit fishy , potential investors will find out , so do n't try to hide stuff from them . "  It 's important to build openness and trust from the beginning , " Gianelli says . 6 . Learn from your mistakes Knowing why an investor rejected you is crucial -- because it leads to success . "  Every time someone says no , ask why , " Smith says . He spoke to over 100 investors during the process that eventually led to his startup securing close to $ 1 million in funding . 7 . Do n't fool yourself "  It 's nice to say that you have 50,000 users , but if only a handful are really using your product on daily basis , it 's not great , " Ekaterina said . 8 . Go crazy Do n't be afraid to be passionate about your product . O'Leary says many top startup owners are "  crazy , passionate maniacs . " Determination to succeed is key , because starting a business is high-risk . "  You can sense a real entrepreneur . They are quite stubborn , nothing will stop them , " he says . 9 . Nobody likes arrogance But do n't overdo the self-confidence . If a potential investor points out a weakness in your plan , do n't get defensive . "  Too many people come to us with ` we know how to do it ' attitude , " says Timo Tirkkonen , a partner in Inventure . The first step to improvement is accepting there is a problem to work on . 10 . Be yourself For many investors , chemistry is one of the key factors -- if they like you as a person , they are more likely to invest . But that does n't mean you should pretend to be someone you are not to impress an investor -- "  Because you will find someone who will like you at some point , " Tirkkonen says . 11 . Hire people who are smarter than you Many entrepreneurs think they are the smartest people in the world -- a red flag for the investors . "  Those who succeed understand that there are people out there who are smarter than them and hire them to do the job , " Tirkkonen says . 12 . Trust your team A disagreement between co-owners or partners is one of the most common reasons for complete failure . "  Flying to the moon is a dangerous mission , so you need to be able to build a good team , " O'Leary says . 13 . Think ahead Have a vision of how you can grow from a small enterprise to a global game-changer and show the investor you have a plan . "  We should n't be discussing what your product is now , but what it could be in the future , " O'Leary says . 14 . Make them want to know more "  Do n't overload your audience with information , you want to leave some questions unanswered , " Ekaterina Gianelli says .	Dublin Web Summit is where tech entrepreneurs try to secure funding But many wannabe business people make rookie mistakes Investors and startup owners share their tips on how to come up with a top pitch
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . You may think you have the worst boss in the Western Hemisphere , but if you 've never had to dodge a cell phone , been fired over a breakfast pastry or had your work referred to as "  a complete and utter mess , " you probably have it better than you realize . Consider the following celebrities , whose poor underlings withstood verbal and sometimes physical abuse and lived to tell about it : Scott Rudin The high-profile film producer , whose film credits include "  The Queen , " "  The Royal Tenenbaums " and "  The Firm , " is infamous for his hot temper and verbal rants . The Wall Street Journal once claimed he has fired 250 personal assistants , sometimes for offenses as minor as bringing him the wrong breakfast muffin .  Rudin claimed the actual number is closer to 120 ; however , he was n't counting those who did n't survive his grueling two-week trial period . Despite Rudin 's reputation , however , being his personal assistant remains one of the most coveted jobs among wannabe movie moguls . Naomi Campbell Campbell is to her employees what fireworks are to the average person : If not handled carefully , she may cause bodily harm . In early 2007 , the British supermodel pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault for hitting her housekeeper with a cell phone over a pair of missing jeans . Campbell insisted the incident was an accident , but a history of similar events -- including a 2000 guilty plea for assaulting a personal assistant on a movie set in 1998 -- indicates otherwise . Simon Cowell It 's no secret that the mastermind behind "  American Idol " has notoriously high standards , nor does he apologize for them . In fact , Cowell , who is known for finding new and creative ways to insult everyone from contestants to "  Idol " host Ryan Seacrest , seems to relish his reputation as the judge everyone loves to hate . And why not ? After all , it is his famously prickly personality that has helped make him a household name . Al Capone Alphonse "  Al " Capone 's name is synonymous with organized crime . He was as well-known for his involvement in illegal gambling , bootlegging and prostitution as for his brutality . His own men were behind 1929 's infamous "  St. Valentine 's Day Massacre . " In 1931 , Capone finally went to prison for income tax evasion and was released -- ironically , for good behavior -- after serving eight years in federal prisons . Afterward , Capone retired to his estate in Florida , where he died in 1947 of heart failure . Leona Helmsley The recently-deceased Manhattan hotelier will go down in history as the "  Queen of Mean , " a nickname she earned as a result of her erratic behavior and hasty firing of employees . After serving time for tax evasion in 1989  "  Only the little people pay taxes , " was her infamous defense  , Helmsley again brushed with the law in 2004 when a court ordered her to pay a former landscaper for breach of contract  Helmsley had abruptly fired the man after finding out he was gay  . Gordon Ramsay The hot-tempered  pun intended  host of "  Hell 's Kitchen " could give Simon Cowell a run for his money as the cruelest judge on TV . Neither holds back when it comes to doling out criticism , but Ramsay steps it up a notch with slightly more colorful language . In fact , his fondness for four-letter words is matched only by Cowell 's fondness for tight black T-shirts . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	One high-profile film producer has fired hundreds of personal assistants Naomi Campbell 's treatment of her employees has landed her in court And would you really want to answer to Simon Cowell or Al Capone ?
CNN  -- There 's a standing joke that if you play a country song backward , the singer gets re-hired , wins back his girl , finds whatever he 's lost , quits crying and leaves the bar . Employed , happily married and sober ? Does n't sound much like America these days . Authenticity is what defines country music , says Karla Lawson , a morning host for Nashville 's WSIX country radio station . "  It 's so real and accessible and down-to-earth and relatable , " she says . "  It 's really the most honest music out there . " The Country Music Association 's 45th annual awards show airs live on Wednesday , November 9 , at 8 p.m. on ABC . The show consistently ranks in the top four among the most-watched awards shows on television , alongside the Oscars , Grammys and Golden Globes , says CMA media relations director Scott Stem . Joining favorites like Rascal Flatts and Kenny Chesney on stage this year will be rock singer Grace Potter , pop artist Natasha Bedingfield and Motown mogul Lionel Richie , who has an upcoming country duets album called "  Tuskegee . " "  Country as a genre has changed ... and the audience has reflected that , " Lawson says . To be fair , country music 's popularity has been on a steady incline for more than 20 years , Billboard country chart manager Wade Jessen says . Singers like Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood broke down the barrier between plaid and pleather in the early 1990s . Even if you were n't stompin ' your boots just yet , you were probably secretly humming Shania Twain 's "  I Feel Like a Woman , " Billy Ray Cryus ' "  Achy Breaky Heart , " or Faith Hill 's "  This Kiss . " The list of artists who have gone country since then is lengthy : Kid Rock , Sheryl Crow , Bon Jovi , Uncle Kracker , Hootie & the Blowfish 's Darius Rucker , Jewel -- even Jessica Simpson . But if the last year has shown us anything , it 's that America 's gone a little bit country and a little less rock 'n' roll . As Brantley Gilbert sings , "  Country must be country-wide . " Things really heated up in late 2010 , when viewers tuned in to watch actress Gwyneth Paltrow make her live singing debut with "  Country Strong " at the CMAs . Then Justin Bieber sent a million tweens into a frenzy when he announced that he 'd be teaming up with country group Rascal Flatts to record a duet in 2011 . In February , Lady Antebellum swept the Grammys , winning record of the year and song of the year . In March , Lady Gaga put out a country version of her single "  Born This Way "  although I have to say , Little Big Town did it better  . Even "  Footloose , " originally pure '80s pop , got in on the action . The movie was country-fied in its 2011 remake . Blake Shelton sang the movie 's theme song and was joined on the soundtrack by country artists Zac Brown , Big & Rich , Jana Kramer , Ella Mae Bowen and more . Shelton has invited Kenny Loggins -- the original "  Footloose " singer -- to perform with him at the CMAs . But wait , the roundup is not done yet . The first three national anthem singers at the World Series were country artists : "  American Idol " winner Scotty McCreery , Trace Adkins and Ronnie Dunn  of the former Brooks and Dunn  . Bieber added a song featuring The Band Perry to his new Christmas album . Jason Aldean and Lady Gaga were the first artists announced for the Grammy nominations concert . Oh yeah , and Adele wants in on the country action as well . The 23-year-old reportedly plans to go country for her next album , saying discovering American country musicians was "  like  being  a 4-year-old in a candy shop who 's discovering sweets again . " CMA 's Stem is n't surprised . "  I always claim that everyone likes country music -- they just do n't want to admit it , " he says with a laugh . Artists like Taylor Swift have certainly added a "  hip " factor to the country music industry . But it 's the stories and the soul that keeps fans coming back , Stem says . "  We are a very real-life music , based on real-life experiences . Who among us has n't had our hearts broken ? Who has n't lost a loved one , found love or not gotten the job we wanted ? It covers  everything from  the sad to the happy to the silly . " Now that sounds more like America .	Authenticity is what defines country music , radio host says Grace Potter , Natasha Bedingfield and Lionel Richie will perform at CMA Awards Lady Gaga , Justin Bieber and Adele have all gone country this year
CNN  -- The family that robs banks together stays together . That 's what southeastern Texas authorities allege about a father , son and daughter , tying them to a pair of bank robberies in that state and possibly five others in their native Oregon . Now , weeks after those heists occurred , the three suspects are in the Fort Bend County Jail . In a press release issued Friday , the Fort Bend County , Texas , Sheriff 's Office identified the three as 50-year-old Ronald Scott Catt , his 20-year-old son Hayden Scott Catt and his 18-year-old daughter Abigail "  Abby " Catt . Before their arrests , authorities concluded they 'd seen the father and son before -- in disguise -- in surveillance video shot October 1 in and around the 1st Community Credit Union in Katy . The footage shows a younger man with a fake mustache and an older one in a painter 's mask , with both wearing dark sunglasses , hats and orange traffic vests that had an "  X " on the back . Other images , released by local authorities to media , showed the two suspects pointing small guns inside the bank and emptying cash out of a vault . After that robbery , detectives went to a Home Depot near the sheriff 's office and found the distinctive orange vests . They followed up a short time later by going to another Home Depot about 14 miles north in Katy , near where detectives found stolen license plates between the October 1 robbery and one in August in nearby Harris County . The two male suspects in the latter robbery wore painter outfits and masks . "  While viewing videotapes at the checkout counters , they identified Hayden and Abby Catt purchasing the vests with their father 's debit card , " the Fort Bend County Sheriff 's Office said . "  Ronald Catt was later identified purchasing a painter 's mask . " Ronald and Hayden Scott Catt were arrested November 9 at a Katy apartment and subsequently were ordered held on $ 140,000 bail . Abigail Catt -- who police say was the getaway driver in the October 1 bank heist -- was taken into custody later that day , with her bond set at $ 100,000 . Following interviews with the suspects , Fort Bend detectives notified authorities in Oregon -- where the Catt family is originally from -- as they "  believe the suspects may be connected to five bank robbery cases in the Portland ... area , " the sheriff 's office said .	Two men in vests -- one in a fake mustache , another in a painter 's mask -- rob a bank Police say they are father and son , and allege a daughter drove the getaway car Detectives : The family bought the distinctive orange traffic vests at a nearby Home Depot Authorities believe the family may be responsible for 7 bank robberies , 5 in Oregon
CNN  -- Millions of Syrians , living in desperate conditions , are hoping that the peace talks in Switzerland will bring some immediate changes . But the difficulty in reaching agreement even on humanitarian access -- let alone the issue of a transitional government and the future role of Bashar Al Assad -- illustrates the difficulties in translating the elite-level Geneva meetings into real changes on the ground . The Syrian government has come to the table because it thinks it has gained the upper hand politically , especially since it has become clear that Western countries do not have the appetite to intervene militarily . Meanwhile , the regime 's key allies , Iran and Russia , continue to back it strongly , partly because they see Assad as a force against jihadi terrorism . The recent U.S.-Iranian rapprochement has not encouraged Iran to change its position on Syria ; the opposition and its Gulf allies are worried that it has done the opposite . They argue the U.S. has in effect signaled to Iran that it is only interested in the nuclear issue , and is thus willing to ease sanctions on Iran despite its continued involvement in the violence in Syria . The Syrian government now says the U.S. has resumed arming "  terrorist groups " in Syria , which may be intended to puncture any such complacency . But arming the opposition is unlikely to tip the balance decisively when opposition forces are facing a large state army backed by other states and by regional militias . Important absentees Moreover , this form of high-level , international summit at a luxury resort is seen as well suited to interactions between states . It is not geared to represent the complex and fragmented mixture of non-state actors involved in the Syrian conflict . The opposition consists of many different , localized factions and militias . The armed groups that are controlling many areas on the ground are absent from the internationally brokered peace talks , raising concerns about how any conclusion would be implemented by the Syrian National Coalition  SNC  ; compare the difficulties that the Libyan transitional leaders , accepted by the international community , have had in actually imposing their authority over militias on the ground . There is also the problem of bringing the key regional players -- Iran , Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Gulf states -- into any agreement . The issue of Iranian participation was badly mishandled on the eve of the talks . But there are ways to bring them in through proxies or parallel diplomatic processes . Saudi Arabia has signaled it may be willing to work with elements of the regime in a transitional government , but sees Assad as a red line . Both the role of Assad , and the broader question of Syria 's role as a conduit for arms to Hezbollah will be major sticking points . A slow process Western diplomats are trying to manage expectations , saying the Geneva talks are the start of a long process that could take many months . It is predictable that they have so far stalled over the issue of a transitional government . In theory it should be possible to build more of a consensus on humanitarian issues , such as allowing aid into the besieged city of Homs . But even food is politicized , as control of food supplies is being used as a political tactic to put pressure on opposition-held areas , and as the regime has now created a situation where agreeing to allow citizens to eat can be portrayed as making a "  concession . " The credibility of all the supposed political representatives is suffering from the ongoing agony on the ground . The regime is not showing seriousness in building confidence -- despite the many options it has to release imprisoned activists and to end the siege on hungry areas . Meanwhile , the SNC needs to place the needs of the internally displaced and refugees as a central priority ; this does not mean compromising on their political goals , but would rather give them more credibility on the ground . In interviews in Turkey and Lebanon , many refugees have criticized the SNC for not paying enough attention to their humanitarian needs . Even in a best case scenario , the solution will involve many steps . The first should be reaching a ceasefire and an agreement on humanitarian aid . The suggestion by the regime , recently supported by Iran , of having a "  democratic election " -- which is technically due to take place this year -- is hardly a realistic option when millions of citizens have been forced out of the country . The opposition needs to be prepared for a lengthy process . The SNC in particular need to try to open new channels of communication with different opposition factions and gain more support from all Syrian communities , to address the fears among some Syrians that even if there was a change of regime , they could just end up moving from one dictatorship to another . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Kinninmont and Abdullah Ali .	Syrian government and opposition representatives are attending peace talks in Geneva Jane Kinninmont and Ali Abdullah say the summit does not reflect the mix of non-state actors involved Diplomats have been managing expectations , saying it will be a long process , they say But they say the credibility of all representatives is suffering from ongoing agony on the ground
Dallas  CNN  -- The far-reaching investigation into a "  bounty " scandal is reverberating across the National Football League and threatens to tarnish the loveable image of the New Orleans Saints franchise . "  It 's going to be a huge scandal , " senior Sports Illustrated writer Peter King told CNN . "  This will give the NFL a chance to come down on something that 's sort of been a whisper campaign and a shadow story for a long time . " The NFL said as many as 27 players were paid up to $ 1,500 for vicious hits that would knock opposing players out of the game or force them to be carried off the football field . According to the NFL , players paid into a "  bounty " fund , that reached as high as $ 50,000 and Saints ' defensive coordinator Gregg Williams would dole out the payments based on game performance . On Monday , NFL security officials continued interviewing coaches and players across the league . According to NFL.com , league security officials met with Williams , who now works as the defensive coordinator for the St. Louis Rams . Williams admits carrying out the cash-for-performance scheme . "  It was a terrible mistake , " Williams said in a statement to the Times-Picayune newspaper in New Orleans . "  And we knew it was wrong while we were doing it . Instead of getting caught up in it , I should have stopped it . " Many former players say "  bounty " incentive programs have existed in professional football for a long time . Players , who question why this scandal is shocking so many fans , say football is a violent sport built around punishing your opponent . LaVar Arrington , a former Washington Redskins linebacker , now writes the "  Hard Hits " blog for the Washington Post . Arrington said the best players in the history of football have always brought a "  seek and destroy mentality " to the game . "  So in a culture where it 's an unwritten part of the game to get the best opposing player out of it , that 's what players have done and still do to this day . The fact that there 's such outrage appears to be a bit strange to me , " Arrington wrote on his blog Monday . The NFL said the "  bounty " program is a clear violation of rules intended to protect "  player safety and competitive integrity . " NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has n't announced what kind of disciplinary action the league will take , but it 's clear the punishment could include "  fines and suspensions . " The NFL said that in addition to Williams , sanctions could be brought against New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton . Peter King : Goodell to make an example of Saints The NFL statement said Payton was not a direct participant but "  failed to stop the bounty program " after he was made aware of the allegations . Saints ' general manager Micky Loomis could face harsh punishment as well . The league statement said Loomis was told by Saints owner Tom Benson to end the program and never followed through . Loomis also "  denied any knowledge of a bounty program " according to the league statement . The "  bounty " program investigation is also growing beyond the Saints ' organization . The Washington Post reported the NFL is also investigating the Washington Redskins . Williams coached with the Redskins during 2004-2007 seasons . And Coy Wire , who played for Williams during his stint with the Buffalo Bills , told CNN he was interviewed by NFL security officials on Monday and questioned about "  performance incentive " programs . Wire said Williams was one of the best coaches he 's ever played for but got carried away and let the Saints ' "  bounty " program go too far . Wire is now a motivational speaker and worries about how this scandal will influence young kids learning to play football . "  You want an edge mentally . You want to break your opponent 's will to win . In football the best way to break their will is to break their body , " Wire said . "  We really have to figure out where to draw the line and what kind of rules and regulations need to be drawn up to make sure that nothing goes too far anymore so that we can make a safer game for future players . "	NFL : As many as 27 players took part in the "  bounty " program Former Saints defensive coordinator Gregg Williams admits to paying for hits Williams : "  We knew it was wrong while we were doing it . " Investigation grows to include Washington Redskins
CNN  -- When Elon Musk released details of the Hyperloop -- a transportation system concept that could take people back and forth between San Francisco and Los Angeles at near sonic speeds in about 30 minutes -- he added , "  feedback would be most welcome . " Musk already has the input of 1000 engineers from SpaceX and Tesla . So why would he need additional pointers ? Why did he invite the world to chime in ? Historically , the planning and design of mass transit systems involved a team of experienced professionals working exclusively with those from other key stakeholder groups . The process may easily take up a decade before the final design is ready for approval . But just as today 's open source product designs on the Web have benefited and improved from the collective effort of programmers , so has Musk decided to confront the design bottleneck by opening up the design process to the general public -- anyone and everyone who cares . The Hyperloop is a $ 6 billion public infrastructure project that is as challenging as it is ambitious . Opinion : Hyperloop could be a reality The future of transportation may well lie in the hybridization of multiple technologies . The alpha version of the Hyperloop design published by Musk on Monday seems like a carefully engineered "  lego " transit system with capsules supported on air bearings , the main tube placed on pylons and covered with solar arrays , and advanced propulsion systems . These components have been or can be individually designed , and made to work as per specification under normal conditions . The difficult part is to make the system safe and efficient while accounting for all the possible contingency events that may arise . The distance that separates any two adjacent capsules , called the headway , is a critical design parameter , and it will need to account for additional speed changes and halts that may occur during real operating conditions . Smaller headways will require a capsule-to-capsule signaling system . If multiple stations are envisioned , sophisticated interlocking systems must be designed . These signaling and control systems open up a Pandora 's box of safety and security concerns . What if a computer hacker is able to bypass the signaling system ? What if an attacker causes a severe collision by exploiting vulnerabilities of the electronics and communications equipment ? The Hyperloop design will require built-in security and safety systems to address these scenarios . Needless to say , the possibilities for improvements are endless . We 've just embarked on a path that can bring together the visionary transportation engineers , architects , urban planners and information technology experts who are willing to collaborate on the design process and flesh out its flaws to make the dream of building the world 's fastest and safest transit system a reality . Already , the Hyperloop has provoked comparisons with the predominant modes of transport between the two megacities , San Francisco and Los Angeles . The SFO-LAX airline route is one of the busiest in the nation , serving around 2.8 million passengers per year . The flight time is about 80 minutes on good days . Airport security checks and loading/unloading times can easily double the actual travel time . We are looking at a door-to-door travel time of four to five hours after accounting for the time spent in navigating roads to the airport . This is not a significant improvement over a travel time of about five hours and 30 minutes for navigating the I-5 highway by car from San Francisco to Los Angeles . The proposed California High Speed Rail hopes to achieve a travel time of two hours and 40 minutes , but this estimate should be scaled up to include the time to reach the transit station from the main residential and business areas . For a fair comparison , Musk 's travel time estimate of 30 minutes between San Francisco and Los Angeles must also be scaled up to include passenger loading/unloading times at the Hyperloop stations and the time to reach and navigate these stations . Still , if it is realized , it will be faster than plane , car , or high speed rail . At the very least , we can hope that the Hyperloop design can guide the enhancements to existing modes of transport . Would n't it be cool if in the next three years , the SFO airport has the capability to transfer passengers from BART to security check points located close to aircraft boarding zones using a super fast capsule-tube-propulsion system ? Hyperloop , let 's hope we can take a ride before the decade 's end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Saurabh Amin .	In releasing details about the Hyperloop , Elon Musk said he welcomes feedback Saurabh Amin : It 's smart of Musk to open up the design process to the general public He says historically , designing a mass transit system may take up a decade or more Amin : Some of the major challenges will be to address the safety and security concerns
London  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed into a construction crane atop a new luxury residential building in thick London fog Wednesday , killing the pilot and another person and sparking a line of flames as it plunged to the ground . Thirteen others were injured in the crash that took place near a busy intersection at the height of the morning rush hour in Vauxhall , south of the River Thames in central London . Thick smoke and flames billowed into the sky as traffic ground to a halt and emergency workers rushed to the scene , not far from landmarks like the London Eye and the Houses of Parliament . The bent crane dangled from the building top , prompting police to cordon off roads in the area and evacuate residents and office workers . Many watched , horrified , from the street and office windows as the drama unfolded . Watch : Crash sparks security fears "  I was standing outside having a cigarette when I saw the helicopter flying super fast towards the crane , " said Rezart Islami , a builder who was working across the road from the 52-story building . "  The pilot appeared not to have seen the crane because the helicopter hit it and went bang . " Islami said the rotor blade snapped off , and the copter spun to the ground and burst into flames . "  The top off the crane also came off in the impact , " he said . "  It all happened so fast , it was unbelievable . " Another eyewitness recounted seeing rescuers pull three injured people from two burning cars . "  It is something of a miracle that this was not many , many times worse given the time of day , " said police commander Neil Basu . Vauxhall , not far from Westminster , is where a new U.S. Embassy is being built . The area , which is a mix of industrial , business and residential use , is also home to the riverside headquarters of the UK intelligence service , MI6 . Are you there ? Send your pictures and video , but stay safe Rotormotion , a helicopter charter company , identified the pilot as Peter Barnes , 50 , a married father of two . "  He was one of the most highly qualified and highly skilled helicopter pilots in the UK , and his death is a great loss for the British aviation and his colleagues at Rotormotion , " spokesman Paul Blezard said . "  The thoughts of all the staff are with this family and two young children at this dreadful time . " Barnes was the only person on board the helicopter , which was on a scheduled commercial flight from Surrey , southwest of London , police said . The second person killed "  was in close proximity " to the helicopter , a London Ambulance Service spokeswoman said , but gave no more details . One of the injured was treated for a broken leg , but emergency responders said the others were not seriously hurt . Construction workers were at the site when the crash happened but were not hurt . James Whipps , a CNN producer , said the helicopter wreckage appeared to have landed on two cars by St. George Wharf , a major residential construction project . Watch : Eyewitness describes the scene The St. George Wharf construction project includes the landmark St. George Wharf Tower , also known as the Vauxhall Tower . Its developers , the Berkeley Group , say it will be one of Europe 's tallest residential towers . Whipps said he heard the sound of the helicopter rotors suddenly cut out . He did not see the impact , but as he looked though a window , he "  suddenly saw this enormous fireball , black smoke , shoot up from the side of a building . " Daniel Toledo heard "  a big noise " while on his way to the nearby Vauxhall station . Though Toledo did n't see the helicopter at first , he took out his camera in time to shoot exclusive aftermath video for CNN . "  I look up , after the helicopter down , " said Toledo . "  Big noise again . The helicopter is gone . " Watch : Fatal copter crash stalls London commute Nicky Morgan , a member of parliament , heard the impact from the nearby Vauxhall station . "  There was an enormous bang and clouds and clouds of thick , black smoke , " she told CNN . "  It was very surprising , not what you expect to see . " Despite the confusion , people remained calm , she said . Christopher Jen was at Vauxhall Tube station on his way to his marketing job when he spotted smoke rising nearby . "  We could hear all the sirens and you could smell the smoke as the train went past the site , " he said in a submission to CNN 's iReport . "  The station announcers did tell us that there was a helicopter crash at Vauxhall and the engineers had to go check the tracks before we could leave . " Reporters allowed through the cordons to the deadly crash scene say little can be seen other than a dark spot where the helicopter hit the ground . A Berkeley Group spokesman said the firm was giving its full support to the emergency services after its crane was hit . "  Our thoughts at this time are with the friends and families of those killed in this tragic incident , " he said . Firefighters are now working with contractors to make the mangled crane safe . Prime Minister David Cameron thanked the emergency services for their "  rapid and professional response . " Poor visibility Many helicopters follow the Thames as a flight route through the city . This helicopter appeared to be flying farther south than usual , Whipps said . No cause has yet been given for the crash , but visibility was poor in London on Wednesday morning , with fog and a very low cloud ceiling . Chris Yates , an aviation security expert , told CNN it was likely there would be questions about whether the helicopter should have been flying in these conditions . Under safety regulations , tall buildings must have navigation lights on top to make them visible to low-flying aircraft , he said . Helicopters are not supposed to fly within 500 feet of tall structures in central London , he said . The London Heliport is near the crash site , on the banks of the Thames , at Battersea . The Air Accidents Investigation Bureau , part of the UK Department for Transport , has sent a team to investigate the crash . The Civil Aviation Authority says helicopters in London have only limited radar help and fly mostly using visual reference points on the ground . Certain designated routes for helicopters are in place to "  provide maximum safety by avoiding flying over built up areas as much as possible , " it says . Nearly 170 flights followed the central London route along the Thames in December , its figures show . About 250 flights arrived and departed from the heliport at Battersea in the same month . Wednesday 's crash caused major disruptions for many people on their way to work . Vauxhall , with a rail station , Underground station and large bus station , is an important transit point for those traveling from the south to other parts of London . The Nine Elms area between Vauxhall and Battersea has been earmarked as a major regeneration site , with plans to create 16,000 new homes and 25,000 new jobs . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Dominique Van Heerden , Sarah Brown , Saskya Vandoorne and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	The pilot killed in the crash is identified as Peter Barnes , a married father of two Police : "  It is something of a miracle that this was not many , many times worse " "  It all happened so fast , it was unbelievable , " a witness says The crane struck by the helicopter is dangling precariously from the building
CNN  -- It has been 17 years since France had a president from the left , but that might be about to change . Opinion polls continue to favor Francois Hollande , a candidate from the center-left Socialist Party , over center-right incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in the upcoming French presidential election . If elected , Hollande would be the first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand in 1995 . Sarkozy is seeking his second five-year term , following Jacques Chirac , who served 12 years in office . As the French take to the polls Sunday , here are a few key points to keep in mind : 1 . This is a two-horse race , but other candidates matter . While there are actually 10 candidates taking part in the presidential race , spanning the entire political spectrum , polls show that only two candidates -- Sarkozy and Hollande -- have a realistic chance of winning the French presidency . But it will be important to watch how many votes the other candidates get Sunday . That 's because those votes will almost certainly be up for grabs in a runoff election two weeks later . In France , a presidential candidate must receive more than 50 % of the vote to win office . If no one claims a majority in the first round of voting -- and no one ever has in this current system -- the top two vote-getters advance to a second round of voting . "  The other candidates have to be given some attention because they exert an influence in the race , " said Michael Leruth , who teaches a course about the election at the College of William & Mary in Virginia . "  For example , if  far-left candidate Jean-Luc  Melenchon continues to do well and has even a slightly strong showing , Hollande might have to tack more to the left in the runoff round . "  If you 're coming out of the first round with 27 % , 28 % , you need to make it to 50 % . So you have to think of where you are going to make up that difference to prevail in the final round . " Another candidate to watch is on the far right . Marine Le Pen , daughter of 2002 presidential finalist Jean-Marie Le Pen , is polling well behind Sarkozy and Hollande , but she 's still in the double digits with Melenchon . A strong showing from her Sunday might have an effect on Sarkozy 's strategy going into the runoff . 2012 a year of elections : Return of the Left ? 2 . One issue stands out among the rest . The economy dominates the political agenda in France , much like it does in America . "  Basically for months now , the top issues have been unemployment and purchasing power , " said Jim Bittermann , CNN 's correspondent in Paris . Jobs have been difficult to come by , especially for young people , and that is one of the main reasons why Sarkozy is vulnerable . "  Even though some people would give Sarkozy high marks for doing the kinds of things that might have a positive long-term effect on the economy -- like raising the retirement age to put the system on sounder fiscal footing -- he has n't been successful in bringing jobs back , " Leruth said . Comparing Sarkozy and Hollande on their economic policy is not unlike comparing Republicans and Democrats in the United States . "  Hollande is in favor of more government action to stimulate the economy , stimulate spending ... whereas Sarkozy wants to improve the climate for business by lowering some taxes , by talking about repealing the law establishing the 35-hour work week -- a Socialist measure from the late '90s -- to make it possible to work more , " Leruth said . "  It 's more of a private-sector approach . " 3 . France and America have more in common than just high unemployment . Immigration , race and the assimilation of France 's large Muslim community have been prominent issues leading up to the election , even before the March shootings by an Islamic extremist in Toulouse and Montauban . Sarkozy has been tough on immigration . Last year , a law went into effect banning Islamic face coverings in public places , the so-called burqa ban . And in a recent television interview , Sarkozy said France has "  too many foreigners " and that the country is not integrating them properly . Sarkozy won the 2007 election by taking a strong stance on race , according to political analyst Simon Persico from the Center of European Studies . But Le Pen , this year 's far-right candidate , says Sarkozy has n't been strong enough while in office . "  Le Pen is saying the original is better than the copy , and that voters should not believe Sarkozy on race , " he told CNN . 4 . The election 's result could affect the eurozone . Sarkozy has worked closely with German Chancellor Angela Merkel throughout the European debt crisis , leading the way for strict austerity measures in Greece and other troubled countries . Would Hollande 's election encourage a change in strategy ? "  There is concern that , within the eurozone , Hollande 's election could create greater instability , " Leruth said . "  He 's talked about renegotiating some of the accords that have been reached -- at the instigation of Sarkozy and Merkel -- to ensure greater stability in the eurozone . " The reason is long-term growth . "  I think some of the French like the way  Sarkozy  handled -- with Merkel -- the agreement in December to get more rigor , more austerity into European budgets . But then Hollande and other economists are saying we also need growth , and these plans are going to absolutely stifle growth , " said Homer Sutton , a French professor at Davidson College near Charlotte , North Carolina . Like Leruth , he is teaching a course on the election . France 's own debt is also a concern . Like the United States , the country recently had its AAA credit rating downgraded . Hollande has promised to create tens of thousands of public-sector jobs and raise taxes on the rich to pay for it . But some are concerned that might encourage the rich to just leave France . "  There 's some feeling that if Hollande is elected , the attack on the French sovereign debt could be quite serious , " Sutton said . "  And this is what Sarkozy has been saying : ` If you elect Hollande , we 're going to be losing more than our AAA . We 'll be going down even further . ' " 5 . Franco-American relations should remain strong . Hollande has pledged to remove French troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year if he is elected . Whether it 's a realistic goal or not , that could create some tension between Paris and Washington . But Hollande is known for being a no-nonsense pragmatist . "  Hollande knows that he needs the United States and that the United States needs Europe , so I think there would be a great deal of cooperation there , " Sutton said . Sutton recalled Mitterrand 's election in 1981 and how there were initial concerns about him . "  Everyone said , ` Oh , he 's got four communists in his government , this is going to be the end of the relationship with the United States . ' But it turns out that he was a very strong defender of American missiles in Germany , for example , " Sutton said . "  Mitterrand 's friendship with  Chancellor  Helmut Kohl , it was a strong French-German relationship , and  U.S. President Ronald  Reagan and Mitterrand did n't get along too badly despite their ideological differences . "	France 's presidential election begins Sunday , to be followed by a runoff in two weeks Incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy has been trailing center-left Francois Hollande in the polls A couple of extreme candidates , both far left and far right , could impact the outcome Unemployment is the biggest issue in the race , but immigration and debt are also talking points
CNN  -- Ecuador is calling for British authorities to help investigate after officials found a secret recording device planted inside the South American country 's embassy in London . A "  spy microphone " was found inside the Ecuadorian ambassador 's office on June 14 , Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino told reporters Wednesday . It was hidden inside a small white box inside an electrical outlet , partially covered by a bookshelf , he said . The discovery , Patino said , "  very seriously concerns us . " "  We are requesting backing from the British government to continue with the investigation of the device found , " he said . The device , he said , contained a SIM card and was designed to transmit private conversations occurring inside the embassy . Ecuadorian authorities believe it had been in place for weeks . It was found two days before Patino was scheduled to arrive at the embassy , he said . Patino said authorities have "  founded suspicions " that indicate a private British surveillance company was involved , but he did not provide additional details . The company did not immediately respond to a request from CNN to comment . In addition to serving as an office for Ecuadorian officials abroad , the embassy has also been home for more than a year to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who received asylum from Ecuador in August and risks arrest if he leaves the property . The revelation comes amid worldwide debate over U.S. surveillance , including reports that the National Security Agency planted bugs in diplomatic offices . It also comes as Ecuador plays a key role in the global guessing game over the next steps for Edward Snowden , the former NSA contractor who is on the run after admitting that he leaked classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs . Snowden has asked for asylum from Ecuador and 20 other countries . Patino said on Wednesday that his country was still evaluating the request . Asked whether Assange 's presence inside the Ecuadorian Embassy had opened the building to more risks , Patino acknowledged that the WikiLeaks founder 's presence had brought greater attention to the embassy . "  Surely , there are risks , yes ... but we are willing to run them when it comes to defending rights , " he said . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	Ecuador says a hidden recording device was found inside its London embassy The "  spy microphone " was placed in an electrical outlet , the foreign minister says He calls for British authorities to assist in Ecuador 's investigation
CNN  -- It 's been another difficult start to the season for Ferrari , but Formula One 's most successful team is showing signs that it may yet be competitive this year . While Lewis Hamilton continued Mercedes ' dominant form by topping the second practice session in Shanghai on Friday , Fernando Alonso followed up his leading time from the morning run by being second fastest in the afternoon . Watching was Ferrari 's new team principal Marco Mattiacci , who has been tasked with restoring the "  Prancing Horse " to winning ways . On his first visit to the F1 paddock ahead of Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix , the Italian emphasized his "  humility " and the steady progress he hopes to make . "  I first need to prove I am at the level of Ferrari , and of Formula One , so you have in front of you an extremely motivated person , " the 43-year-old told reporters . Alonso 's teammate Kimi Raikkonen finished the practice sessions with the seventh fastest lap . He had completed only one lap in the day 's first practice before spending the rest of the 90 minutes in the pits with a mechanical problem , but emerged to complete 25 laps in the later session . Hamilton , who has won the last two races in Malaysia and Bahrain , was just 0.014 seconds quicker than Alonso -- though the Englishman had problems with his car in the earlier session . His teammate Nico Rosberg , who won the season-opener in Australia when Hamilton failed to finish , was 0.411 seconds off the leading pace . Alonso , who is fourth in the overall standings despite no podium placings in three outings , said he was "  happy " with the team 's improved performance . "  At every race , all the teams bring something new and we must try and make an additional step forward if we want to be competitive , " said the Spanish driver , who won last year 's race in Shanghai . There were also encouraging signs today for last year 's constructors ' champions Red Bull . Their two drivers took fourth and fifth fastest laps with Daniel Ricciardo narrowly beating out four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel with a time of one minute and 38.811 seconds . Red revolution ? Ferrari bosses have pinned their hopes on Mattiacci to rescue a season where the team 's two star drivers have failed to reach the podium in the opening three races . He confirmed he was flown to Italy last Friday by Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo to discuss the position , and was hidden behind dark sunglasses despite overcast conditions in Shanghai to hide his weariness after a long week of traveling . Mattiacci has no previous experience in F1 , and comes to the Scuderia from a previous position as president and CEO of Ferrari North America . He claimed that doubts about his pedigree are "  very motivating . " "  I am an extremely humble person who will listen , and will fight 150 % to be a facilitator , to utilize the best talent in Ferrari , " Mattiaci said . "  We have a history , a pedigree , that is unique , and a pride that is impressive , and we will react , but to talk about restructuring is too early . " All hands on deck Di Montezemolo has said will be taking a more hands-on role while Mattiacci becomes accustomed to his new position . Former team principal Stefano Domenicali resigned on Monday , saying he took responsibility for the team 's poor start to the season . With two-time world champion Alonso and 2007 titleholder Raikkonen in the stable , Ferrari had high hopes of breaking Red Bull 's four-year dominance of the sport . But the team parted with Domenicali after the drivers finished the Bahrain Grand Prix in ninth and 10th positions . While the practice results offer hope that a change in fortunes could be close , Ferrari 's engineering director Pat Fry urged caution . "  Even if we are making progress on all fronts , we are well aware that it 's always hard to know where you stand on a Friday , " he told reporters . "  Today 's low temperatures affected tire performance and even if we can expect the track surface to be in better condition tomorrow , the rain expected for qualifying could turn the session into a real lottery . " Follow the latest action with CNN 's essential F1 guide	Fernando Alonso posts second fastest time in Shanghai practice New Ferrari team boss Marco Mattiacci wants to make the most of team 's "  talents " Leading team Mercedes first and third fastest in another strong session Defending champion Red Bull improves to take fourth and fifth
Hundreds of voters voted Tuesday in Sanaa 's old town section to replace Yemen 's longtime ruler , Ali Abdullah Saleh , in an election marred by sporadic violence . While the election was short on candidates -- the only person on the ballot was Vice President Abdurabu Mansur Hadi , who became acting president in November as the result of a power transfer brokered by the Gulf Cooperation Council after months of protests -- it appeared to be long on hope . "  It 's the first time people in Yemen are electing somebody on their own , without being influenced by political parties , " said Mohammed al-Rowdy , a voter who works with the Interior Ministry . "  This is a people 's election . That 's why we are optimistic things will get better . " In a statement , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton congratulated the people of Yemen "  on today 's successful presidential election , " calling it "  another important step forward in their democratic transition process . " But she said that more work remains . "  As part of the GCC Initiative , Yemenis will convene a National Dialogue Conference to address critical issues of national unity and the fundamental structure of Yemeni government and society , while taking steps to address urgent economic , social , and humanitarian challenges , " she said . "  The United States , along with its partners in the international community , will continue to support Yemen as it works to implement these reforms and confront these challenges so that all Yemenis will have the opportunity to realize their potential . " Officials in Sanaa described a successful effort Tuesday , but conditions in the southern port city of Aden were different . Four people were killed in clashes between gunmen and security forces , two senior security officials in the city said . Another 14 people were injured and were treated at a hospital , security officials said . In the port city of Mukalla , southwest of Sanaa on the Gulf of Aden , a soldier was killed Tuesday and four were wounded when polling centers were stormed , Yemen 's official news network SABA reported , citing an official source . "  Gunmen have ambushed the soldiers , as they were removing stones from a street in Ghuaizi area in Mukalla , " the agency reported . "  Outlaws " were blamed for breaking into polling centers in two districts of Hadramout , the source said . And a sniper killed a member of the security forces at a polling station , said members of the Supreme Commission for Elections and Referendum . But there were no signs of such problems in Sanaa 's At Altabari school -- one of the oldest in the capital . Voters left with ink on their fingers and thumbs , proof of their participation in a historic election that signifies the formal end of Saleh 's 33-year reign . "  I was particularly very impressed in seeing the women turning out , " said Michele Cervone d'Urso , European Union ambassador to Yemen , who was observing the polling station . "  The women are the key for this county , for sedating this country , " he said in reference to the need to calm conditions there . "  They have to be recognized as a key part of society . " Security around Sanaa and elsewhere was tight Tuesday . Around the capital , posters of Hadi have replaced posters of Saleh . "  A New President for a New Yemen , " read a banner hanging from Change Square , which was the epicenter of the anti-government movement last year . Some who took part in the protests said they were not particularly excited about Tuesday 's vote . "  Maybe you can call them elections , " Nadia Abdullah said . "  But for me , elections should have more than one candidate . " Still , Abdullah said she would stand by Hadi as long as he made good on his promises . "  If he goes through with it , we will stand hand in hand with him , " she said . "  If he does n't , or if we see a lot of game-playing between him and the government , I believe the youth will remain in the squares . They would say , ` Leave , ' as they did to Ali Abdullah Saleh . " Abullah al-Saidi , 27 , an accountant volunteering as an election observer , told CNN he voted against Hadi by putting an "  X " next to the name instead of a check . He said he believes many people do not realize they have the option of voting against the vice president . "  He is old school -- I do n't believe he will change a lot , " al-Saidi said of Hadi . D'Urso said the elections are not "  simply for vice president Hadi . These are the elections for process , a different Yemen . And you can see Yemenis want to move to a different type of society , one of co-existence and tolerance . It 's not going to be easy . I think transition in this country will probably take a generation , but I think we are moving forward , and we have kicked off in the right way today , at least here in Sanaa . " Human Rights Watch called on Hadi to make changes without delay . "  Yemen 's potentially historic transition will be off to shaky start unless Hadi makes an immediate break with the abuses of the past , " said Letta Tayler , HRW 's Yemen researcher . "  Yemen 's new leader needs to move decisively to usher in promised reforms that uphold human rights and the rule of law . " The 65-year-old Hadi is a British - , Egyptian - and Soviet-trained army officer , recently promoted to field marshal . He has been vice president since 1994 and is running for a two-year term as president on pledges of improving security and creating jobs . But he 's never had much of a power base , and Yemen 's problems are expected to take longer to fix than the two-year mandate he 's expected to receive . Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East , with a severe shortage of water and rising levels of malnutrition among its population of about 25 million . Even before last year 's upheaval , Saleh faced a separatist movement in the south , sectarian tensions in its north and the growing presence of what Western officials describe as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . For some , particularly in the once-independent south , Hadi is too closely tied to Saleh 's rule to represent any change . "  Why do people expect southerners to celebrate that Saleh is gone ? " asked Mohammed Mosed Okla , a separatist leader in Aden . "  His regime is still in control , and his family still controls all the major security factions in the country . We will not be tricked again , and southerners will not celebrate until complete change takes place in south Yemen . " Hussein al-Aqil , a professor at Aden University and another separatist leader , said Hadi simply watched as Saleh "  oppressed us for more than two decades . " "  I was imprisoned for three years because I expressed my opinion and rejected the corruption that Ali Saleh stood behind , " al-Aqil said . "  The old regime tortured me and made me suffer for years . Hadi is part of the old regime and will not be recognized as a southern leader . " Ahead of the vote , officials had set up at least 10 checkpoints in Aden . But late Monday , hours before polls opened , explosions rocked four neighborhoods . Security officials said no one was hurt . Saleh handed power to Hadi as part of a deal brokered by Persian Gulf states and will formally relinquish his office after the vote . Saleh is in the United States for medical treatment for wounds suffered in a June assassination attempt at his presidential palace during battles between government troops and tribal fighters . The United States has been backing Yemeni efforts against al Qaeda and has periodically struck targets inside Yemen , as occurred in September , when a drone strike killed American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . Gerald Feierstein , U.S. ambassador to Yemen , said the transition laid out in the Gulf plan as well as efforts to boost the economy and deliver basic services will be critical "  in terms of our ability to defeat al Qaeda and other violent extremist organizations in the country . "	Violence reported in several areas Human Rights Watch urges sole candidate on ballot to make changes immediately European observers said early turnout was healthier than expected Longtime leader Ali Abdullah Saleh stepped down after 33 years
CNN  -- Police are no longer looking for a woman in connection with a fatal shooting and crash that left three people dead on the Las Vegas Strip . "  Yenesis Alfonso , also known as Tineesha Howard , is no longer considered to be a missing person and is no longer a person of interest " in the homicide investigation , Las Vegas police said in a statement late Wednesday . The 22-year-old was never named as a suspect , but detectives wanted to talk to her in connection with the case . The police statement says the investigation is ongoing . Police did n't say why she was no longer considered a person of interest . Authorities had previously identified Ammar Asim Faruq Harris , 26 , as a suspect in the shooting . He is at large , though a black Range Rover police say he was driving during the early-morning shooting has been impounded . Police consider Harris to be armed and dangerous , and say he has an extensive criminal history , CNN affiliate KLAS reported . He has several tattoos , including a small heart - shaped one below his right eye and a large one of an owl that covers his neck and part of his chest . A woman who said she is Howard 's mother told CNN that her daughter and Harris have dated for about a year . Miladys Garcia said she recognized Harris from an image that police issued , but that she knew him by a different name . In the shooting and crash , Kenneth Cherry , an aspiring rapper known as Kenny Clutch , was driving his Maserati around 4:20 a.m. Thursday when someone in a Range Rover shot at his car as it headed north on Las Vegas Boulevard . Cherry , who was shot in the chest and arm , later died at a hospital . The Maserati continued into the intersection with Flamingo Road and collided with a taxi , which caught fire , killing cab driver Michael Boldon , CNN affiliate KVVU said . A passenger in the taxi -- identified by the Clark County coroner 's office as Sandra Sutton-Wasmund , 48 , of Maple Valley , Washington -- also died . All the deaths have been ruled homicides , according to the coroner 's office . The fire closed a block and a half of the Strip near some of its biggest draws : Caesars Palace , the Bellagio , Bally 's and the Flamingo . Police collected surveillance video from the casinos . CNN 's Tina Burnside and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Police no longer want to talk to Tineesha Howard , aka Yenesis Alfonso She was inside a black Range Rover at the time shots were fired , they say The fatal shooting and crash left three people dead
CNN  -- Ryder Hesjedal became the first Canadian to win one of cycling 's three major tours as he claimed victory in the Giro d'Italia Sunday . The 31-year-old Garmin rider snatched the pink jersey from Spain 's Joaquim Rodriguez on the final time trial stage in Milan , forging a winning margin of just 16 seconds after 21 stages . Hesjedal had trailed Rodriguez by 31 seconds ahead of the 28.2 km individual test and sixth place behind stage winner Marco Pinotti was enough to seal his narrow win . The pair had battled through most of the latter stages of the Giro for overall victory with two grueling legs in the Alps ahead of the time trial proving decisive . Hesjedal kept close enough to Rodriguez to lay the foundations for his triumphant finale as the stronger rider against the clock . Belgian Thomas De Gendt , who rode so superbly to win Saturday 's penultimate stage , was rewarded with third place on the podium , one minute 39 seconds behind the winner . For home riders it has proved a difficult Giro , with last year 's winner Michele Scarponi in fourth and Ivan Basso fifth . It was the first time since 1995 that no Italian riders had made the final podium . Small consolation came in the form of Pinotti 's commanding final day victory , finishing 39 seconds clear of Britain 's Geraint Thomas  Sky  with Jesse Sergent of New Zealand third . The Giro d'Italia is the first of the three major tours to take place , with the Tour de France starting in July ahead of the Tour of Spain in September .	Garmin rider Ryder Hesjedal wins Giro d'Italia in Milan Hesjedal first Canadian to claim one of cycling 's major tours He overhauls Spain 's Joaquim Rodriguez on final time trial stage Marco Pinotti of Italy wins the 28.2 km test against the clock
CNN  -- David Goldman says he ca n't understand why he ca n't have custody of his son following his ex-wife 's death in Brazil . The U.S. government agrees . David Goldman is fighting for custody of his son after Bruna Bianchi Goldman died during another childbirth . Goldman told CNN 's Larry King he had no idea when he dropped off his wife and 4-year-old son at Newark International Airport in 2004 for a two-week vacation to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , that he was about to become embroiled in an international custody battle . Shortly after Bruna Bianchi Goldman arrived in her homeland she called to say she wanted a divorce , which she obtained in Brazil , and would stay there with their son , Sean . The running custody battle has taken many twists and turns and has gained the attention of the Department of State and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  A child belongs with his family , and there is no reason why David Goldman should not get his child back , " Clinton said in a recent interview on NBC 's Today show . "  And we 're hoping that that will be resolved very soon . Obviously , if not , we will continue to raise it with the Brazilian government . " For nearly five years , Goldman has fought to regain custody of his son . It 's a case that has been complicated by Bianchi Goldman remarrying , getting pregnant and dying during childbirth last summer . Sean Goldman is said to be living with his stepfather , who has been granted provisional guardianship . "  I went down ... to bring my son home , " Goldman said on CNN 's Larry King Live Wednesday , figuring his ex-wife 's death had made the custody issue a moot point , and "  we find out that this man does n't file custody , but he files to remove my name from a Brazilian birth certificate that they had issued for my son , who was born in Red Bank , New Jersey . " Goldman continues to press his case through the U.S. government . "  The Department of State is working diligently to ensure that David and Sean Goldman are accorded their rights under the Hague Convention of 1980 on the civil right aspect of International Child Abduction , " the agency said in a statement . "  We 'll continue to insist that the Brazilian government fulfill its obligations under the treaty and international law . " The convention , to which Brazil is a signatory , "  is a multilateral treaty , which seeks to protect children from the harmful effects of abduction and retention across international boundaries by providing a procedure to bring about their prompt return , " according to the Hague Convention Web site . Brazilian courts have refused to return Sean Goldman to the United States for any custody hearings that New Jersey courts have ordered and the Brazilian government has not intervened . As a result , the case remains a stalemate . "  I would tell him that he 's been very brave , as he has fought to have his son returned to him , " Clinton said in the NBC interview . "  His son is the most precious person in the world to him and he has gone not just the extra mile , but mile after mile , back and forth , trying to make it clear that his son Sean deserves to be returned to him . " But on Larry King Live , Helvecio Ribeiro , a Bianchi family spokesman , questioned Goldman 's fitness as a parent . "  I do n't question the biological right , " he said . "  The fact of the matter is that in order to be a parent , you have to be more than just a DNA donor , Mr. King . Fatherhood is not about making home movies and taking pictures , it 's about sacrifice . It 's about providing support to your child . It 's about being there even when you 're not there . "  And Mr. Goldman , while Bruna was still alive , failed to do so , " Ribeiro said . Goldman visited his son for the first time in more than four years last month -- a bittersweet experience that was heartbreaking when it was time to return to the United States . "  He asked me why I have n't come to see him in all this time , " Goldman told Larry King , "  and that was very , very painful -- and the anguish on his face when he asked me that question . I did n't want to tell him that ... they 're holding him . " International custody fights are common and were supposed to be simplified by the 1980 Hague agreement , but conflicting court systems and conflicting accounts of relationships can trump international law . The next step in this case is uncertain .	David Goldman dropped off his wife and 4-year-old son at airport in 2004 for vacation Wife got a divorce in Brazil , later got remarried , got pregnant and died during birth Wife 's family lawyer questions Goldman 's fitness as a parent State Department , Hillary Clinton working to help get son returned to United States
CNN  -- Somali pirates hijacked a yacht with four Americans onboard in the Indian Ocean , U.S. military officials said Saturday . The identities of the Americans were not immediately known , but the yacht , the S/V Quest , is owned by Jean and Scott Adam , according to Ecoterra International . It is not clear whether the Adams -- who were on a worldwide cruise -- are onboard . The U.S. military is prepared to intervene in the situation if necessary , said Rear Adm. Charles Gaouette , deputy commander of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , based in Bahrain . "  They were part of a sailing group that set sail from the southern tip of India into the western Indian Ocean , " he said , adding that the situation is being monitored with U.S. Central Command . Gaouette said there is no reason to believe the hijacked yacht has been taken to the coastline of Somalia yet , though pirates in the region have been known to do so . Another U.S. official , who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the situation , said the United States is determining what military assets are in the region and the capabilities of the personnel onboard . The official said that the pirates are believed to be onboard the yacht with the Americans , and the next step would be to determine whether the military could keep the yacht from reaching the shore -- either by blocking or harassing it . Authorities said the yacht was en route from India to Oman when it was captured Friday . The Adams ' website documents their worldwide voyage , which started in late 2004 . It includes trips to New Zealand , China , Cambodia and Panama . "  If the owners are onboard , it would be a sad log for the couple on their seven-year world journey , " Ecoterra said . The Adams were traveling with a group of somewhere between 14 and 30 other yachts taking part in what 's called the Blue Water Rally , said Scott Stolnitz , a boater who described himself as a longtime friend of the couple . Stolnitz said Scott Adam had told him several weeks ago that he was concerned about pirate activity in the area , which he had never visited before , but was determined to traverse the world himself as opposed to shipping the boat -- as some other yacht owners have done . "  They weighed their options and decided they would join the rally for safety , " Stolnitz said . On their website , the Adams say their mission "  is to allow the power of the Word to transform lives ...  and  seek fertile ground for the word and homes for our Bibles . " A post earlier this year said they would refuel in Djibouti waters , another pirate flash point . "  Djibouti is a big refueling stop , " said the post , which is not dated . "  I have no idea what will happen in these ports , but perhaps we 'll do some local touring . " Piracy has flourished off the coast of Somalia , which has not had an effective government for two decades . In April 2009 , pirates seized the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama , leading to a standoff in the Indian Ocean . U.S. forces moved to rescue American Capt. Richard Phillips after seeing a pirate aiming a weapon on his back , officials said at the time . Three pirates were killed and one was arrested . The Somali man arrested was sentenced to more than 30 years in prison . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : A friend of the yacht 's owners say they were worried about piracy The yacht is owned by an American couple The yacht was hijacked in the Indian Ocean en route from India to Oman U.S. officials say they are monitoring the situation
