Three years ago , a woman gave birth to premature triplets in a small village clinic in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The doctors were not equipped to provide the medical care these tiny patients required , so the parents were told the babies would simply be left to die . But the triplets ' father had heard about a new , state-of-the-art hospital just up the road built by Congolese American and former NBA star Dikembe Mutombo . The father begged the doctors to call the United States . "  So they called me , and they said , ` Mr. Mutombo , there 's three babies coming from one person . Can we take them ? The man does n't work ; the wife does n't work . ' I said , ` Please , make them live . ' " Mutombo says that phone call is just one example of why he decided to open a hospital in his hometown of Kinshasa . Built with funds raised through his Dikembe Mutombo Foundation , the hospital bears the name of his mother , Biamba Marie Mutombo , who he says taught him the importance of helping others . "  For everything she did for her children and for her family , the value of love and giving back and sharing . Not just with you , not just with your family , but with the people you encounter in life , with your community , and that was the kind of love that my mom gave . " According to an International Rescue Committee study , 5.4 million people have died from war-related causes in the Congo since 1998 , making it the deadliest conflict since World War II . Sadly , the outpouring of love taught by Mutombo 's mother was cut short when his parents ' city came under attack in 1998 . Mutombo says that after shooting in the streets , soldiers enforced a curfew and prevented his father from taking his ailing mother to a nearby hospital . About an hour later , his beloved mother died in her living room . For Mutombo , his mom was no less a victim than if she had been shot herself . She 's just one of the millions who have died in this civil war whose deaths , he believes , were preventable . "  There was people who was n't killed by the gunfight , but they were denied access to the health care , " he said . "  If there was no chaos in the capital city of Kinshasa , my mom would be alive . "  She had no reason to die . " Mutombo hopes his hospital will help provide medical care desperately needed in the Congo . He says the hospital has treated more than 30,000 patients and employs nearly 400 doctors and nurses . And those triplets ? They spent more than three months on life-saving machines and now are thriving toddlers . The parents were so grateful that they named the babies after the 7-foot , 2-inch basketball player . Mutombo laughed as he recalled the story . "  The guy said , ` You saved my babies . So your family gets all the names . ' And I said , ` But they 're going to get confused on the street one day and think they 're my kids ! ' " Mutombo 's hospital also hired the triplets ' father as a sanitation worker so the family can afford to pay for the care their children need . "  You 're talking about impact . That 's the impact that we are making , " Mutombo said with a smile . "  We are touching lives . We are changing the living conditions of the people . " He says the next issue he wants to tackle in the Congo is education . "  Half of the population in Africa right now is under the age of 15 years old , " Mutombo said . "  But we are not finding the time to educate those people because of the violence . " In the next few years , Mutombo hopes to build a school in the Congolese village where his parents grew up . He says he will name the school in memory of his father , who devoted his entire career to education .	A phone call to former NBA star Dikembe Mutombo saves triplets in The Congo Dikembe Mutombo Foundation built a hospital and has treated more than 30,000 patients 5.4 million people have died from war-related causes in The Congo since 1998
CNN  -- Minnesota is clamping down on triclosan , an ingredient used in some toothpastes , cosmetics , antibacterial soaps and body washes . Gov. Mark Dayton recently signed a bill legalizing a measure banning triclosan-containing products in the state . The law will go into effect January 1 , 2017 . "  In order to prevent the spread of infectious disease and avoidable infections and to promote best practices in sanitation , no person shall offer for retail sale in Minnesota any cleaning product that contains triclosan and is used by consumers for sanitizing or hand and body cleansing , " the law says . The exceptions to this rule are individual products that have received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for consumer use . Triclosan has been incorporated in consumer products for more than 30 years , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A CDC study found triclosan present in the urine of 75 % of the people tested . The health effects of triclosan for humans are still unclear . Some studies suggest that the chemical could be linked to antibiotic resistance , but evidence is mixed , and the Environmental Protection Agency says more research is needed to evaluate risk . There is some evidence that long-term exposure to some ingredients in antibacterial products , including triclosan , "  could pose health risks , such as bacterial resistance or hormonal effects , " according to the FDA . Studies in rats have shown a decrease in thyroid hormones with long-term exposure to triclosan , Dr. Sandra Kweder , deputy director of the Office of New Drugs in FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , told CNN in December . But collecting data from humans is "  very difficult " because the studies have to look at a long time period . The FDA announced a proposed rule in December that would require manufacturers of antibacterial hand soap and body wash to prove their products are more effective than plain soap and water in preventing illness and the spread of infection . If the rule goes into effect , those manufacturers also will be required to prove their products are safe for long-term use . "  Millions of Americans use antibacterial hand soap and body wash products , " the agency said in a statement . "  Although consumers generally view these products as effective tools to help prevent the spread of germs , there is currently no evidence that they are any more effective at preventing illness than washing with plain soap and water . " About 2,000 individual products contain such chemicals , health officials said . The FDA first proposed removing triclosan from certain products in 1978 , according to the Natural Resources Defense Council , "  but because the agency took no final action , triclosan has been found in more and more soaps . " In 2010 , the NRDC said it sued the FDA to force it to issue a final rule . The new proposed rule stems from a settlement in that suit , according to the group . Most hand sanitizers have 60 % alcohol or ethanol and are generally recognized as safe when water is n't available , Kweder said . However , health officials still believe washing hands with soap and water is the best method .	Triclosan ban in Minnesota goes into effect in 2017 Triclosan has been in consumer products for more than 30 years CDC study found triclosan present in urine of 75 % of people Health effects still unclear
PEOPLE.com  -- "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " star Kim Richards entered rehab last week to seek treatment for alcohol abuse and "  other problems , " a source tells PEOPLE . "  Kim has been to rehab more than once before , " says the source , "  but every time is a new time , and everyone just hopes this sticks and that she gets the help she needs . It 's serious . " Richards has been "  erratic . Everyone was really worried about her , " says the source , who adds that Richards is not living with Ken , the boyfriend who was introduced as her love interest this season . During a recent episode of the Bravo show , Richards says she 's planning to move in with Ken , and cameras show her packing up her belongings . "  He 's not in the picture . No one really knows what the deal was with them , but Kim does n't live with Ken , " the source says . "  She 's basically homeless , staying with various friends . She does n't have a home base . It 's not unusual for people to not hear from her for long stretches of time . It 's been that way for years . " "  Her family is relieved she 's getting help , " adds the source . "  She has lots of issues . She needs help . " Viewers have watched Richards ' increasingly bizarre behavior and slurring of her words this season , which had been attributed at least in part to her taking anti-anxiety and antidepressant medications , along with an anti-seizure medication which can be used to treat alcoholism . Richards is receiving well-wishes from some of her colleagues since seeking treatment . Castmate Taylor Armstrong threw her support to Richards this week , telling Andy Cohen Monday night on his Bravo talk show "  Watch What Happens Live : " "  I adore Kim and I stand behind her . And if there 's anything I can do to support her -LSB- I will -RSB- ; but if she 's getting healthy what more could we ask . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kim Richards has been "  erratic . Everyone was really worried about her , " says a source Richards is not living with Ken , the boyfriend who was introduced as her love interest "  She has lots of issues , she needs help , " the source says
CNN  -- A British navy ship abandoned and lost in Canadian Arctic waters since the mid-19th century has been found in relatively good shape at the bottom of a bay , the Canadian government says . Parks Canada has released images of the HMS Investigator , found late last month at the bottom of Mercy Bay . The bay is located in the Northwest Territories ' Aulavik National Park . The discovery is part of two Canadian archaeological missions to locate the Investigator and two other ships . "  This is definitely of the utmost importance , " said Marc-Andre Bernier , Parks Canada 's head of underwater archaeology . "  The ship is standing upright in very good condition , " he told CNN . "  This is the first ship to sail the last leg of the Northwest Passage , " the Arctic sea route connecting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans . A first analysis of images "  indicate that the structure of the ship lies on the bottom in relatively shallow water and is in good condition , particularly considering the depth , " said the agency , which manages the country 's parks and protects the country 's "  natural and cultural heritage . " "  The bottom of the vessel appears buried in sediment , and the structure rises to the upper deck , but the rigging and the bulwarks  side walls above the upper deck  have collapsed , likely damaged by the ice . " Archaeologists from Parks Canada are working to "  understand the extent of the site and the debris field " and "  will try to evaluate what is left on the wreck , how well it is preserved , and what are the environmental conditions impacting the wreck , " the agency said . The ship had been found by the Parks Canada crew "  in the first moments of the search , " it said . The sea floor lies 33 feet below the surface at the site . "  Fortunately , part of the bay where the ship had been abandoned became free of ice and the search began , " Parks Canada said . "  We planned to conduct the project at the end of July , " Bernier said , "  because it was the best opportunity to have good weather and open water in Mercy Bay , according to our observations based on many years of experience in this national park . " Royal Navy Capt. Robert McClure led the 66-man HMS Investigator on an 1850 expedition through Arctic waters to rescue two other ships -- the HMS Erebus and the HMS Terror . Those vessels , led by explorer Sir John Franklin , were lost in the Arctic during an 1845 voyage to discover a northwest passage . The HMS Investigator became "  locked in ice " and eventually had to be abandoned in 1853 . It left equipment and provisions on the shore , a previously known cache , Bernier said . As part of its mission to find the Investigator , archaeologists wanted to document the land sites tied to the ship 's mission . The crew found the grave sites of three crew members who died of scurvy . Bernier said the abandonment reverberated historically . The event "  had an impact on the Inuit community . " "  After the ship was abandoned , they came and harvested some of the ship 's materials , such as iron and copper " -- items that were previously unavailable to them , he said . Canada and Britain are "  working collaboratively " on "  what to do with the site and its artifacts , " Bernier said , noting that the find represents part of a common heritage . Bernier said McClure , an important figure in Canadian history , has been credited with the discovery of the Northwest Passage and was knighted for that . "  For the moment , we 're still looking at options but there 's no intention at present of raising the ship , " he said of the complex and delicate site . A project to raise the ship would be very expensive , he said . "  We 're going to find the best way to protect the site , " he said . "  We want to tell this story to the biggest audience . It 's part of world history . " In another project , a Parks Canada and the Canadian Hydrographic Service team will also be searching for the Erebus and the Terror beginning on August 10 . The search would be located southeast of Mercy Bay in Nunavut territory .	A sunken British navy ship is recovered in Canada "  The ship is standing upright in very good condition " The HMS Investigator had been on a mission to rescue two other ships
CNN  -- As recently as 2011 , Hillary Clinton was seen by many as a respected but polarizing figure : Smart and accomplished , sure , but controlled and somewhat humorless . In the infamous faint praise of her rival-turned-boss Barack Obama , she was "  likable enough . " Three years later , she seems somehow hipper , looser and more ... human . As we inch toward the 2016 election , she 's presented a new online persona . While Clinton has embraced social media , it has n't always loved her back , as seen most recently on her current book tour . The Internet has used every opportunity to turn her words and actions into memes , not all of them flattering . So what happened ? How did Hillary Clinton suddenly go viral ? You can trace the change back to October 18 , 2011 , when then-Secretary of State Clinton was traveling with her staff on a C-17 military plane from Malta to Tripoli , Libya . Nobody knew its importance at the time , but that 's the day Reuters ' Kevin Lamarque and TIME 's Diana Walker snapped a handful of photos that would soon become iconic : Clinton , in oversize black shades and a no-nonsense expression , checking her BlackBerry at a makeshift desk as staffers mingled behind her . "  Okay , nice image I thought , but we were about to land in Tripoli which was certain to yield the images that the world would really want to see , " Lamarque wrote in a blog post months later . "  Photographers , you never really know when your pictures will resurface and what use they will be to someone out there . " 5 things to watch in Hillary Clinton town hall Texts From Hillary You know the rest . Six months later , the photos were all over the Internet , thanks to two journalists with an idea that started as a joke at a bar . In April 2012 , Stacy Lambe and Adam Smith launched a blog , Texts From Hillary , that showed fictional text-message exchanges between Clinton , from her seat on the plane , and a range of celebrities . There she was rejecting a Mark Zuckerberg friend request , telling a flirty Ryan Gosling to call her "  Madame Secretary , " blowing off Jon Stewart by saying she 's already booked on Colbert and responding to Obama 's "  Hey Hil , whatchu doing ? " with "  Running the world . " As the perfect vessels for deadpan mockery in the social media age , the posts and related Twitter feed soon were everywhere . Within days , Clinton invited Lambe and Smith to her office at the State Department , where she initiated a group photo of the trio texting on their phones . Although its makers shuttered the blog only a week later -- "  Once you meet the subject of your meme ... it 's very hard to top that , " Smith told CNN -- Clinton 's image was altered almost overnight . "  During the 2008 Democratic primary , Barack Obama had a lock on young people , technology chic and the press . Hillary was regarded by kids as the lady who 'd been around a long time , wearing headbands and pantsuits , " Maureen Dowd wrote that week in The New York Times . "  Now she 's quick to laugh at herself and take advantage of the positive buzz , " Dowd continued . Building a brand on Twitter A few months after Clinton stepped down as secretary of state in early 2013 , she joined Twitter . Her first tweet thanked Lambe and Smith for the inspiration and then said , "  I 'll take it from here ... #tweetsfromhillary . " It was retweeted more than 10,000 times . And her Twitter bio became an instant classic of the form . It reads : "  Wife , mom , lawyer , women & kids advocate , FLOAR , FLOTUS , US Senator , SecState , author , dog owner , hair icon , pantsuit aficionado , glass ceiling cracker , TBD ... " Soon Clinton was posting childhood photos of husband Bill on his birthday , tributes to the late Nelson Mandela , a portrait of her with members of Russian band Pussy Riot and pleas for such pet causes as elephant poaching and empowering women in the developing world . "  She has really embraced the platform in the right way . She has humanized herself and her brand , " said Shama Hyder , CEO of the Marketing Zen Group . "  Today , participating in digital media is n't a choice , " Hyder added . "  Your digital footprint is created regardless of your participation , and any smart politician knows that it is best to help curate that image vs. leaving others to define it for you . " Clinton also has shown flashes of self-mocking humor , as when she tweeted a joke during the Super Bowl in February about how she enjoyed watching "  someone else being blitzed and sacked " on Fox for a change . Today , Clinton , 66 , has 1.5 million Twitter followers , many who may not even remember her eight years in the White House . At least for now , she seems more comfortable in her skin -- witness the photos of her wearing thick glasses and almost no makeup -- although that may change if she runs for president again . The Internet is n't always nice But getting the attention of the Internet is not always a good thing . Anything Clinton says has the potential to go viral , for worse as well as better . In January 2013 , Clinton was fighting back criticism before the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee during a hearing about the attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya . "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans , " she said . "  Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator . " The Twitter-sphere quickly seized on the outburst , and within hours , #WhatDifferenceDoesItMake was trending . Not only did the hashtag spread , but so did a graphic of Clinton 's 2008 campaign sign juxtaposed with the phrase "  What difference does it make ? " Earlier this month , as she promoted her new book , "  Hard Choices , " Clinton was trending again In an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer , Clinton said she and former President Bill Clinton were "  dead broke " and "  struggled to piece together the resources " for mortgages in pricey Washington and the New York suburbs along with their daughter Chelsea 's tuition at Stanford University . Clinton sought to clarify her comment , saying simply that she and her husband have known periods in their lives when they struggled to pay off debt , but the damage was done . Her Twitter critics turned #HillaryIsSoPoor into a mocking hashtag . Once and future candidate ? Criticism aside , should Clinton run for president in the 2016 election , digital-branding experts believe the reborn , tech-savvy Clinton will resonate better with voters , especially young ones . Marketing guru Marian Salzman believes the old Clinton hid her personality behind the security wall of public service . The new Clinton is undergoing a swift digital makeover , said Salzman , CEO of Havas PR North America . "  How can she modernize , and fast ? Get online and exude an ageless hipster style that takes away the pain of the proximity between her age and the age of Ronald Reagan  69  when he took office , " Salzman told CNN . "  The sudden burst of intellectual energy , even in 140 characters , reinforces she is of these times and living the now . " Salzman believes Clinton must be her authentic self on social media to appear more relatable to voters . "  She needs humor and self awareness -- we do n't want Mrs. Thatcher , " she said , referring to the sometimes imperious former British prime minister . "  She needs to be of the people , and with them . " It ca n't hurt to keep posting more personal messages such as her "  My most exciting title yet : Grandmother-To-Be ! " tweet congratulating Chelsea and husband Marc Mezvinsky on expecting their first child . Hyder , of the Marketing Zen Group , believes Clinton still wants to be president and has realized "  she can no longer sit on the sidelines " when it comes to digital media . "  I believe it has helped her garner many new fans and will continue to play a huge role in building her brand , " Hyder told CNN . "  The last time Ms. Clinton had presidential aspirations , there was n't a strong sense of her as a person . The public had a very one dimensional image . "  Using digital media in this way allows her to present a fuller ... more human picture . If she does decide to run , it could be a decisive factor . " CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton has increased her presence on social media Her rebirth can be traced to the "  Texts From Hillary " meme in 2012 Clinton also has proven to be a savvy user of Twitter But social media cuts both ways and can amplify any missteps
Atlanta  CNN  Even a zombie apocalypse has a silver lining . At least in Georgia . Fans of the wildly popular AMC series "  The Walking Dead " are making their way to Atlanta and surrounding small-town Georgia to sniff out traces of Rick Grimes ' crew of survivors and the voracious zombies on their trail . On one recent Sunday , two "  Big Zombie " bus tours drew mostly out-of-state visitors with fans from Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , Washington and places across the Southeast , plus a fan from Brazil on a monthlong American odyssey . Many planned their trips especially to see "  The Walking Dead " locations up close . Mary Kolodziej and her husband , Eric , flew into Atlanta from Indianapolis for a zombie-centered getaway . The couple have been fans of the show , now in its fifth season , since Day One and have attended Comic Con in Chicago more than once to meet the cast . "  Everybody 's always like , ` What if , what if something happens ? I do n't know what I would do . ' Well , the show kind of shows you what people would do , " said Kolodziej , 48 , while waiting to start her second zombie tour of the weekend . "  Everybody can relate to somebody on this show . " Identifying with the lurching , rasping "  walkers " is a taller order , but guides on the "  Big Zombie " tours help . They 've worked as zombie extras on the show . Tour guide Patrick Williams , 42 , has appeared as both zombie and human since he attended "  Zombie School "  auditions  right before season two , but he 's still waiting for a shot at prosthetic facial gashes and deformities and the painful , vision-obscuring contact lenses worn by "  featured hero zombies . " " ` Featured zombie ' is the term they use for the zombies that have all the prosthetics and the camera is right up on them , and they usually have some interaction with the cast or they 're gnawing on somebody , " Williams said . Big business Flesh-eating walkers are far from the only Hollywood types roaming Georgia . A 2008 tax credit of up to 30 % for productions of $ 500,000 or more has spawned hordes of film crews . "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " and the franchise 's third installment , the two-part "  Mockingjay " sequel , were all filmed in and around Atlanta . More than 150 film and TV productions were shot in Georgia in fiscal year 2014 alone , according to the Georgia film office . Last year , the state launched ComeTourGeorgia.com , aimed at entertainment fans . Since 2010 , about a dozen film and television studios have announced plans to locate or expand in Georgia . UK-based Pinewood Studios recently opened a new facility , where Marvel 's "  Ant-Man " has started filming , and Atlanta mogul Tyler Perry is hoping to develop studio space at the shuttered Army base Fort McPherson . The rush of movie and TV projects builds on a longstanding state interest in the benefits of film production , a focus sparked by the 1972 film "  Deliverance . " But fans of present-day hits are more likely to recognize the wilds of post-apocalyptic Atlanta and "  The Walking Dead 's " fictional Woodbury than the whitewater rapids of northeast Georgia . The "  Big Zombie " tours  $ 65  are operated by Atlanta Movie Tours , which launched in 2012 with a single "  Walking Dead " - themed tour . The company now hosts two zombie tours and two other film-related tours and recently welcomed guest No. 10,000 . So far , almost all of the company 's business is zombie-related , according to co-owner Patti Davis . TV and movie clips are played on the tour bus for film-to-real-life comparisons . The company is headquartered in a historic and recently revitalized downtown warehouse district called Castleberry Hill . The neighborhood is an easy walk from Centennial Olympic Park and within blocks of much of the Atlanta-based action in season one of "  The Walking Dead . " Just down the street from the tour office is the Nelson Street Bridge , where Rick Grimes  Andrew Lincoln  rode on horseback over a tangle of railroad tracks to seek refuge in Atlanta in the first season . Directly across the bridge is the unoccupied Norfolk Southern Building , which was the scene of much rooftop debate and some hand-wrenching decision-making after Rick arrived on the scene . The famous tank scene was filmed a few blocks north , near the corner of Forsyth and Walton streets . Season one 's downtown scenery is easily walkable for visitors just looking for a taste , but a bus tour is a convenient option when fans start looking to sites south , west and north of downtown . By bus , visitors can see the recent Terminus location  near the corner of Windsor and Doane streets  , the hospital where Rick wakes up to the apocalypse  Atlanta Mission offices on Bolton Road  and the CDC stand-in  Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre  . For do-it-yourselfers , your own wheels , a GPS and a good combing of the Internet for location addresses are essential . Points south and star sightings "  The Walking Dead " action moved out of Atlanta to rural settings in season two . The second installment of the "  Big Zombie " tours starts about 35 miles south of Atlanta in Senoia , the show 's fictional Woodbury . The quaint little town is doing big zombie business . Check-in for tours is centered at the Woodbury Shoppe , a recently relocated and expanded "  Walking Dead " emporium packed with T-shirts , messenger bags , calendars , belts and more . Flattened penny souvenirs saying "  I  heart  Daryl " sell for four quarters  plus the penny  . Location guides for seasons one through four are available for $ 25 , or visitors can book more pinpointed Coweta Film Tours at the shop for about $ 15 . The Waking Dead Cafe just opened on the lower level adjacent to a display of prison cells and other props from the show . The second "  Big Zombie " tour takes visitors to a handful of Coweta County locations , including the Zombie Arena  Caldwell Tanks facility in Newnan  , the sleepy town of Grantville , where season three 's "  Clear " episode was shot , and to the barn and abandoned feed mill in Haralson , where Rick meets the Governor for the first time and later , where Merle and the Governor face off . Sadly for fans , the farmhouse that stars in season two is off-limits . Its occupants apparently regret their house 's role in the show and do not welcome visitors . The prison is also missing from the tour , as it was built at Raleigh Studios and has since been dismantled . Still , lucky fans might see more than "  Walking Dead " sets . Before the recent tour , some fans spotted Maggie  Lauren Cohan  at the new coffee shop in the Woodbury Shoppe . Filming is scheduled to go on right outside Senoia 's town center until mid-November . And back in Atlanta , there 's at least one classic institution that boasts more than its fair share of celebrity sightings . Jennifer Lawrence , Woody Harrelson , Morgan Freeman , Robert De Niro , Bill Murray , Jack Black and Jon Hamm have all been spotted at the gritty yet beloved Clermont Lounge . "  The Walking Dead " character Glenn , played by Steven Yeun , recommended the Clermont to Conan O'Brien during a 2013 appearance on his show , describing it as a "  really fun , divey place " with "  an open stripping area " with "  mostly older , beautiful ladies . " While you 're in town , live a little .	Fans of "  The Walking Dead " are making their way to Georgia "  Big Zombie " tours reveal film locations in Atlanta and more rural parts of Georgia More than 150 film and TV productions were shot in Georgia in fiscal year 2014
LOGANVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- The crowd cheered as Morgan Lawless faced her first pitch of the fall baseball season . Morgan Lawless , who has cerebral palsy , plays baseball at Bay Creek Park near Atlanta , Georgia . The 14-year-old middle-school student clenched her teeth as she swung the bat into a single . Instead of running to first base , Lawless zoomed over in her motorized wheelchair . Lawless has cerebral palsy . She 's among nearly 300 children who play in a special-needs baseball league at Bay Creek Park in the Atlanta , Georgia , suburb of Loganville . "  It 's actually fun because we get to be kids and we can play like regular people , " Lawless said . What 's different about this ballpark is that the field is made of a rubberized material that allows for easier movement in wheelchairs . "  We started out on a dirt field , " said league founder Cathy Smith . "  But power wheelchairs and dirt do n't mix . " Smith helped raise some of the half-million dollars in private and county funding needed to build the field in 2004 . She said she gets goosebumps whenever she watches the young players come across home plate . "  The grin and smile on their faces just says it all . " Coach Tom Estes joined the program eight years ago with his now-15-year-old son , Justin , who has cerebral palsy . Estes noted that some of the players , like his son , use a wheelchair , but others with autism , Down syndrome and multiple sclerosis are ambulatory . Health Minute : Watch more on special needs baseball " During a game , the children are paired with young helpers from another local baseball league . No special skills are required to participate , Estes said . "  If we have to help them hit , help them run , help them catch , we are simply here to let them play baseball . " The coaches have taken extra precautions to make sure no one gets hurt . The players wear batting helmets , and a coach feeds large , softball-sized rubber balls into a pitching machine to control the direction . There are no umpires , and no one really keeps score . "  We have a lot of tie ball games , " Estes chuckled . The games are short , just two innings , but everyone gets to play . "  It 's not about competition as much as it is about the ability to just do what other kids do , " said Mike Lawless , Morgan 's father . He said his daughter looks forward to the games all week . So does Estes ' son . "  Until you get involved , you do n't realize the closed life they live , " Tom Estes said . Being part of the team gives the players a sense of independence and self control and gets them outside in the fresh air , he said . "  They 're out here doing the same thing as the other kids . They really do n't do that on a normal basis . " The weekly games also give the kids something to brag about in school on Monday morning , Estes said . "  They hear everyone else talking about it ... and my son can say , ` Yeah , I hit a home run yesterday , too . It was great . ' " Justin Estes seemed to take all the attention in stride . And what does he think is the best part about playing baseball ? Pointing past his wheelchair to the smooth surface of the field , he said simply , "  No ruts . "	Special-needs baseball league near Atlanta has nearly 300 children Some players use a wheelchair , but others are ambulatory Field is made of a rubberized material that allows wheelchairs to move more easily There are no umpires , and no one really keeps score
This weekend , Curiosity successfully landed on Mars . Now the one-ton roving robotic laboratory , part of NASA 's four-ton Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft , gets down to business . Its task ? Determining whether Mars ever did or could support life . That 's the big question . To quote Humphrey Bogart 's Rick in "  Casablanca " : "  Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world , " why should life occur only on planet Earth ? Living organisms are found in the most improbable places -- in the dark , sulfurous depths of the oceans and in the driest deserts . News : Curiosity rover lands on Mars All it takes is some water , carbon , a few other elements and energy . In fact , the organic chemicals needed for life seem to occur naturally everywhere , even in chilly , dry interstellar space . On Earth , the first living cells followed , then multi-cell organisms , and eventually humans . So , are we alone , or not ? It seems likely that life has arisen on other planets , in our solar system or near other stars or in other galaxies . It 's natural to wonder what 's out there . Probably , Neanderthals sat around their campfires speculating whether others roamed the land . Exploring our solar system and looking for signs of life is the lifeblood of NASA . More than a century ago , Edgar Rice Burroughs wrote about "  little green men " on Mars and astronomers reported seeing irrigation canals through telescopes . Nowadays , we know better -- Mars certainly does not harbor walking , talking aliens , nor does any other planet or moon in our solar system , notwithstanding fictional depictions like the famous Georges Méliès movie "  A Trip to the Moon . " But Mars might harbor simpler forms of life , or might have done so in the past . And it 's an entirely new environment . Most of what we know about "  habitability " -- the ability of an environment to host and support life -- has been studied under the very different conditions on Earth . For example , scientists investigate the hyper-dry environments found in Antarctica  but there is still a lot of water , compared with Mars  or Death Valley  dry enough , but much hotter than Mars  . Curiosity will explore the completely different conditions on Mars . On Sunday , the Mars Science Laboratory executed a series of maneuvers designed to slow its approach to the Mars surface . At the start , it was moving at 13,200 miles per hour , and needed to be slowed down , to keep it from ending up a smashed pile of rubble . To do this the laboratory used the thin atmosphere , which slowed it down , albeit not as effectively as the Earth 's more substantial atmosphere slows re-entering spacecraft . Then it released a parachute and fired some rockets to decelerate more before gently lowering the Curiosity rover on cables until it reached the surface . Scientists monitoring the landing at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , including the President 's Science Advisor , John Holdren , were elated . The crowd watching the NASA feed in Times Square cheered and began chanting , "  Science ! Science ! " The Curiosity rover is roughly the size of a Mini Cooper . It cost a lot more and has better fuel economy , having coasted 352 million miles since launch , in 8.5 months . Scientists back on Earth used the long voyage to calibrate instruments and practice operating them . The mission has three goals : to assess the habitability of Mars , past and present ; to study its geology and geochemistry ; and to investigate planetary processes relevant to habitability , including the role of water . It is also useful preparation for future missions to Mars , perhaps including astronauts . Curiosity is not unlike a human : It has "  eyes "  cameras  with which to see and analyze the landscape . There are eight "  hazcams " front and back , to take stereo black-and-white pictures for depth perception , and four navigation cameras  "  navcams "  at the top of an extendable mast . Besides the high mast , it has an "  arm " that can go even higher and carries another camera . It has "  feet " -- wheels , actually -- capable of rolling over obstacles up to 2 1/2 feet high . Curiosity has "  ears " to hear commands relayed from NASA 's Deep Space Network via the Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance spacecraft orbiting Mars . Curiosity has many "  mouths " to taste test rocks or dust it vacuums up -- really , to analyze them chemically . In fact , just like science labs on Earth , it has a number of complex instruments capable of testing the properties of solids , liquids and gases . Since cosmic radiation alters surface composition , Curiosity can drill into rock to extract pristine material from below . This is especially important for finding organic molecules that might be destroyed on the surface . Curiosity may be a robot , but it acts like a scientist : always skeptical , running experimental controls , double and triple checking every result . Unlike humans , thankfully , the robot wo n't be  easily  killed by radiation or toxic substances . How do we know what signs of life to look for ? One example : By studying rocks on Earth , geologists know how different kinds of rocks formed and changed over time . In particular , biological materials alter igneous rocks in well-understood ways . Were we to see the same kinds of weathered rock on Mars , it 's a good guess that life was once present on the Mars surface . Other instruments will test for atomic elements , organic materials , radiation and water . Over the next Martian year  687 Earth days  , Curiosity will try to satisfy our curiosity about the world around us . Space is today 's frontier . Renowned historian Frederick Jackson Turner posited that the American character was shaped by the frontier experience . With NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory , we 're all Lewises and Clarks . Let the exploration and learning begin . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Meg Urry says this weekend , Curiosity , NASA 's roving robotic laboratory , landed on Mars Curiosity will try to tell whether there 's been life on Mars , where conditions different from Earth She says Curiosity made tricky Mars landing , now will take pictures , collect information Urry : Rocks on Mars can give up clues about whether any life has existed there
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- A shell landed near a school as children began their school year in the war-weary eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on Wednesday morning , killing at least three adults and shattering what would have been a step toward normalcy for dozens of students . Shells also hit a public transit bus in the city about the same time , killing six people in or near the vehicle , city officials said . The shelling in Donetsk , held for months by pro-Russian rebels , came despite a ceasefire that Ukraine 's government reached with separatist leaders last month . A shell landed 5 meters from Donetsk 's School 57 about 10 a.m. , shattering windows and doors on the first and second floors , local officials said . It was the first day of the school year in rebel-controlled areas of the Donetsk region , a debut that was delayed by a month because of shelling and clashes between separatists and the Ukrainian military . Conflicting reports emerged over how many people were killed at the school . Officials at the rebel-held city office said a biology teacher and two parents died , and five other people were injured .	Shells hit a school and a public transit bus in rebel-held Donetsk , Ukraine , officials say Wednesday was first day of school year in Donetsk , rebels say Regional authority blames rebels , who blame Ukrainian military
CNN  The FBI is investigating an explosion outside a local NAACP chapter in Colorado . A makeshift bomb , or improvised explosive device , detonated Tuesday morning but failed to ignite a gasoline can placed alongside it . No one was injured , but the incident left some shaken in Colorado Springs . "  All of a sudden I heard this big boom , " one witness told CNN affiliate KDVR-TV in Denver . "  There was smoke everywhere ; the building on the side was burnt . " The witness continued : "  Whoever did it took off right away though . That 's all I heard and it was scary . " The FBI 's Denver office said it 's looking for a balding man , about 40 , who was seen leaving the scene in a white pickup with a missing or covered license plate . Another witness , Julie Skufca , told KDVR that she stared at a man as he drove away calmly . "  It  kind of made your heart stop , especially when you have kids , " she told the station . "  He was a heavier white man with what looked like a  Carhartt jacket  " she added . "  Just driving normal like it was a normal day . " The FBI has not said if the NAACP was targeted . But some pointed out that the other building tenant , Mr. G 's Hair Design Studios , likely was not . "  Who would want to bomb a beauty salon ? " one member of the local NAACP chapter told CNN affiliate KCNC-TV in Denver . Henry D. Allen Jr. , the branch 's president , also raised the specter of a targeted attack , telling KCNC , "  Apparently , we 're doing something correct . Apparently , we have gotten someone 's attention that we are working toward civil rights for all . That is making some people uncomfortable . " The NAACP is the nation 's oldest civil rights organization . The group 's national office says it is looking forward to a "  thorough investigation " into the explosion by national and local authorities . The FBI has asked that anyone with information call its Denver tip line at 303-435-7787 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Witness says man fled "  just driving normal like it was a normal day " No one was injured , but blast leaves some shaken in Colorado Springs NAACP branch president : "  Apparently we have gotten someone 's attention "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Australian police say seven people have been arrested in Romania as part of a joint international criminal investigation into the largest credit card data theft in Australia 's history . Among those detained by the Romanian investigative agency was Gheorghe "  the Carpathian Bear " Ignat , a Greco-Roman heavyweight wrestling champion . Officials say the year-long investigation , dubbed "  Operation Lino , " involved 14 countries and uncovered phony credit card transactions worth AUD30 million  US$ 31 million  . The criminal syndicate had access to half a million Australian credit cards , the Australian Federal Police  AFP  stated in a press release . "  Initially we were approached by the banking industry , who had noticed irregular charges on credit cards ... All of the information led back to Romania , " an AFP official told CNN . "  We then built a brief of evidence to provide to the Romanian police , which allowed them to carry out an investigation in Romania . " The majority of victims were small businesses , service stations , petrol stations and corner stores , who often have less-secure payment gateways . The hackers profited by selling data to do "  Card Not Present ' "  CNP  transactions -- the use of account information without the physical card being involved -- or to create counterfeit credit cards . They then carried out thousands of counterfeit transactions across the globe in Asia , Europe and the U.S. , according to the AFP . "  There 's very good consumer protection here in Australia . The AUD30 million was spread across banks , credit unions and the membership and no cardholder lost money , " Heather Wellard of the Australian Bankers ' Association told CNN . "  The important thing is banks ' systems were not compromised . " Statistics from a self-regulatory body in Australia 's payment industry show that of the one million cases of bank card fraud reported in Australia in 2011 , 65 % were perpetrated overseas . Latest industry figures also show that CNP fraud in Australia is on the rise , accounting for 71 % of all fraud value on Australian-issued bank cards . "  Such crimes tend to come from overseas , " the Australian police told CNN . "  This same group has targeted businesses in other countries as well . " Earlier this year , the Attorney-General of Australia , Nicola Rox acknowledged the increased danger of identity theft and fraud posed by cyber criminals on the internet . "  We 're no longer just dealing with guards and gates , bombs and bullets when we talk about defending our nation and its secrets , " Rox said . "  We 're now fairly and squarely working in an online environment . And this has created a whole new dimension of both opportunity and threat . " In July , Australia 's Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security began an ongoing inquiry into potential reforms of national security legislation to battle cyber crimes .	"  Operation Lino " involved 14 countries and uncovered credit card transactions worth $ 31M Victims were small businesses and retailers , who often have less-secure payment gateways 65 % of bank card fraud cases reported in Australia in 2011 were perpetrated overseas Gheorghe "  the Carpathian Bear " Ignat , a Greco-Roman heavyweight wrestler also detained
TITUSVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- It 's shortly after 5 a.m. when the phone rings , and on the line is a clearly anxious and worried parent . Sierra Journey Factor , 8 , has a muscular disease that her mom , Shaylene Akery , hopes can be treated in China . "  Sierra is having a lot of problems tonight , " Shaylene Akery tells a CNN producer . "  We have to take her to the hospital , but we still want to talk to you about her trip to China . " Her daughter , Sierra Journey Factor , is 8 years old and has a terminal disease called Type 2 spinal muscular atrophy , a genetic disorder that affects parts of the nervous system that control voluntary muscle movement . In addition , she has a restrictive lung disease and a kidney disorder . She has used a wheelchair since infancy . Sierra 's mother , her stepfather and her biological father , A.J. Factor , all know that Sierra is seriously ill . On the morning we met them , Sierra was treated at two hospitals before she was stabilized . But the family is convinced of their next step -- taking Sierra on an arduous trip to southern China , where they believe the little girl will be injected six times with stem cells during a 34-day stay . It 's the kind of treatment not yet approved in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration . Sierra 's treatment will cost $ 26,500 , which does not include the cost of travel and living for the extended family . Those costs would mean an additional $ 25,000 , according to Akery . Watch more on the quest for a stem-cell cure " "  We are really walking into this blindfolded , " Akery said . "  It 's scary , but everybody says it 's so nice over there . " The family says it got most of its information from a Web site called China Stem Cell News , at stemcellschina.com , which boasts of dozens of anecdotal testimonials from loved ones who say their children or family members showed improvement after the stem cell treatments . The site offers no scientific evidence and no means of making contact except through a Web form . CNN used the form , but as of yet has received no reply . Stem cell therapy is routinely performed at clinics in China . When CNN correspondent John Vause reported on one stem cell therapy clinic near Beijing in December , the clinic refused to release its records or put its cases forward for peer review . The International Society of Stem Cell Researchers and the FDA discourage Americans from traveling overseas for stem cell therapy . But clinics are operating worldwide -- many in China , and several in Russia , Latin America and Mexico . "  We do not encourage patients to seek therapies overseas that are not FDA-approved in the U.S. , " an agency spokesman said in an e-mail to CNN , "  as the products or therapies have not undergone the agency 's rigorous review . " The ALS Association is one group especially concerned . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a terminal illness also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease , named after the baseball legend who most famously suffered from it . There are no accurate numbers , but ALS Association officials say dozens , perhaps hundreds , of ALS patients have traveled to China and other locations seeking relief . CNN asked Dr. Lucie Bruijn , the senior vice president for research and development for the ALS Association , whether stem cells offer meaningful treatment for ALS . "  No , it 's definitely not true , " she said . "  Certainly you hope that the answer from an ALS clinician who is knowledgeable ... -LSB- will be -RSB- , ` There are things that are promising but we do n't have anything to offer you now . ' " That statement is at odds with promises posted on a relatively new Web site run by an 80-year-old Florida doctor named Burton Feinerman , who says he 's been conducting stem cell therapy for three years . His site , Stem Cell Regen Med , at stemcellregenmed.com , says it can offer treatment for a long list of life-threatening diseases , including ALS , Parkinson 's , Alzheimer 's , cancer , brain damage and lung illnesses . It is not the program to which Akery intends to take her daughter . Feinerman says he and a partner work out of a clinic in Lima , Peru , where they offer stem cell therapy injections at a cost of $ 8,000 to $ 25,000 . "  Is n't what you 're doing experimenting on people ? " CNN asked Feinerman . "  Yes , " he said , "  and people are fully aware . " "  And charging them large amounts of money to do these experiments ? " asked CNN . "  The amount of money is large , " Feinerman replied . "  But it basically is pretty close to my cost . " Feinerman , who said he was a cosmetic dermatologist in Hawaii before moving to Florida , also said he is no expert on stem cells . "  I have trained at the Mayo Clinic and have been practicing medicine for over 50 years , " he said . "  But you never trained in stem cell research ? " asked CNN . "  No , " Feinerman replied . "  But you 've gone to some conferences , self-taught , right ? " CNN asked . "  Right . That 's true . " "  And now you 're basically taking people from the United States to other countries because the procedures ca n't legally be done here ? " "  That is right , " Feinerman said . "  But I am the organizer , so to speak . I am the person who does an enormous amount of reading and visiting . Putting protocols together that appear to work in other countries . " Feinerman said his expertise comes from extensive reading on the subject , and attending international conferences on stem cell research , sometimes as many as six a year . He spoke to CNN just hours before , he said , he was heading to Peru to treat three more Americans with life-threatening illnesses . In a statement issued after the interview , Feinerman said , "  We are not selling snake oil , but our scientific approach to diseases that are not available in the USA . " Meanwhile , at the Arnold Palmer Children 's Hospital in Orlando , Florida , the family of 8-year-old Sierra Journey Factor were more convinced than ever to take their child across the world to China for a treatment they conceded is not a guarantee of a cure . The science director of the Fight SMA organization , Chris Lorson , told CNN there is no proven stem-cell treatment for the disease . "  If you go there and nothing happens , will you still think it was worth it ? " CNN asked Akery . "  Yes , " Akery said . "  Because we can still say we tried . "	Stem cell injections are offered at various clinics worldwide Therapy is not approved for use in the United States One 8-year-old 's treatment in China will cost $ 26,500 American doctor who provides treatments in Peru says he is self-taught
CNN  -- He was not able to fulfill his childhood dream of being a pilot , but Ghanaian scientist Dr. Ave Kludze has arguably gone one better : developing and flying spacecrafts for NASA . The moon , Mars and beyond : All are in the sights of Dr. Ave Kludze . The 43-year-old did n't enter orbit when controlling ERBS and TRMM rockets for NASA , instead piloting them from the control center on the ground . Nevertheless from growing up in Ghana to being an astronautical engineer and strategist for NASA , he has had a similarly stratospheric rise to the top . Growing up in Accra , Kludze was fascinated by science and how things worked . "  I was a very curious kid and I always questioned lots of things , and most of my friends I grew up with , they knew that . And my parents , they were a little bit concerned because sometimes I would take apart a lot of things they would not want me to touch , " he told CNN . When he realized he could not become a pilot because of his eyesight he channeled his energies into studying engineering , moving to the U.S. to complete a course in electrical engineering at Rutgers University . On graduating Kludze initially planned to return to Ghana to develop solar technologies , but then NASA came calling in 1995 . "  I never did dream of working for NASA . I admired what they did , but it never did cross my mind . I did not see how a kid like me could work for NASA , " he said . He commanded his first spacecraft from NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center and has gone on to develop an extra-vehicular infra-red camera as well as other projects for the space agency . While he did n't return to Ghana as he originally planned , he still believes that his work -- and NASA 's -- has had some benefits to his native country and more down-to-earth lives . "  Well , NASA has done a lot for Africans . Maybe Africans they no know that . They have cell phones , glasses , anti-scratch and all those things . We have portable water system that NASA has developed for Africa . They 're using it , " he said . "  And one thing people often forget , NASA does n't only develop space technology , we also develop aeronautical technology . So when the planes they fly and other flying objects , NASA 's technology has been involved in that . " Kludze is also keen to pass on the message that for young Africans , the sky is the limit in terms of what they do with their lives . "  I 've learned that being given the freedom to think and think openly helps bring in new ideas . So in community , like in an African communities , I think younger generations and both the old and the young should freely share ideas and break those old barriers . "  So I believe that with some determination and some hard work most of the younger generation can get whatever they want to . They can even go into space , they can do anything . "	American-Ghanaian engineer is one of NASA 's top strategists Grew up in Accra before studying in U.S. ; joined NASA in 1995 Has remotely piloted space craft ; believes other Africans can follow in his footsteps
He 's a beloved mayor , who 's held the top office in Talkeetna , Alaska , for 16 years . So imagine the townfolks ' shock when he was attacked . Brutally mauled . By a dog . Oh , did we mention , this mayor 's a cat ? Mayor Stubbs , a yellow tabby with more responsibility than your average cat , survived -- but is in bad shape . A punctured lung . A fractured sternum . A 5-inch gash on his side . Doctors took out a chest tube Tuesday , and he was breathing on his own for the first time since the weekend attack . "  It 's a shame , " said Ashley Kearns , who works at a pizza shop in the small town about 110 miles north of Anchorage . "  He 's the mayor , it 's not a joke . I know it 's ridiculous , but the town is run really well . " Profile : Mayor of Alaska village walks on four paws Political career The story of how Mayor Stubbs rose to power made international news after he was found in a box full of kittens in front of Nagley 's General Store in town . Lauri Stec , manager of the general store , decided to keep one kitten and named it "  Stubbs " because he had no tail . Soon afterward , residents were n't happy with any of the human candidates in the upcoming mayoral election and voted for Stubbs as a write-in candidate . The kitten won , set up its unofficial mayor 's office in the general store and spent more than a decade running the town . Because the town of Talkeetna is a "  historical district , " the mayoral post is more symbolic than functional , locals say . That distinction makes it easy for the community of about 800 human beings to be led by a feline . The weekend attack Even though dogs run loose and outnumber people in Talkeetna , the canines seem to respect Stubbs ' authority , Todd Basilone , owner of Mountain High Pizza Pie told CNN last year . But at least one dog may have had a problem with him . Stubbs was strolling about the town Saturday night as he does every night , when an unleashed dog came running across the street and bit into him . "  He had a big gash on his side about 4-5 inches long and once we got him to the vet we found out the gash went down to his organs , " said Stec . "  Right now is a crucial time cause he 's heavily sedated on pain meds . He 's in a lot of pain . " Stubbs ' medical bills could top $ 2,000 , Stec said . And as the mayor fights for his life , there has been no word on the suspect . "  He is a large dog , " Stec said . "  He 's a local dog . " Cat runs for mayor in Mexico	Cat has been mayor of Alaskan town for more than 15 years "  He 's the mayor , it 's not a joke , " local resident says A dog mauled the mayor , a residents say
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot 's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru , citing unspecified differences over strategy . Van der Sloot , the onetime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , faces a possible trial on first-degree murder and robbery charges in the killing of 21-year-old Stephany Flores . His lawyer , Maximo Altez , filed papers to withdraw from the case Tuesday . "  I can not defend this case in the way he wants me to , " Altez told In Session . He would not elaborate . Flores was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot in May 2010 . Police say van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Peruvian authorities have yet to file formal charges against van der Sloot , who is expected to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on June 8 . Once the discovery phase of the case ends , prosecutors will file charges and a trial date will be set . Altez has been defending van der Sloot on a pro bono basis and said he expects a public defender will be assigned to the case . He said the lack of payment did not play a role in his decision to quit . "  I thought this case would be a good opportunity to show the world that in Peru detainees are abused , and the Peruvian justice system is very informal , " he said . And he said he will continue to represent van der Sloot in a related habeas corpus case claiming human rights violations during his arrest -- a case that would be thrown out if Altez withdrew from that case too . Altez threatened to quit the case once before after complaining of receiving threats by phone , e-mail and Facebook . The 23-year-old van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway , who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance . Shortly after his 2010 arrest , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from the Holloway family . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the charges .	Onetime suspect in Natalee Holloway case faces a possible murder charge in Peru His attorney has quit , citing unspecified differences over strategy Peruvian woman found dead in hotel room registered to van der Sloot
CNN  -- A Florida woman 's dog is recovering Saturday after it plunged 15 stories down an air conditioning vent the night before . The fact that Susie -- a 4-year-old Maltipoo -- survived in the first place is nothing short of "  a miracle , " according the emergency vet who treated her . Dr. Spencer L. Ratnoff said Susie suffered no internal bleeding or broken bones , "  another miracle , " he said . Susie 's fall occurred Friday evening when she and owner Elaine Caralis were visiting a neighbor on the 16th floor of her Fort Lauderdale high-rise . After walking inside the apartment , Susie followed a scent into an open closet , Caralis said . But that 's when something went terribly wrong . "  Susie  walked into the closet and fell down into the exhaust shaft , " she said . She thinks a ventilation panel that would have normally concealed the breach was missing . Timothy Heiser of Fort Lauderdale Fire Rescue said responders "  cut holes above and below the second floor to try to get  to her  . " He said a fire crew "  eventually managed to get close enough to the pup to remove her from the shaft before she could fall any further . " Caralis called rescuers ' efforts over the three harrowing hours "  heroic . " "  I do n't have children , " the 68-year-old Caralis told CNN , "  so Susie is my life , Susie is my family . They treated it like they were searching for a human being . " An ambulance rushed Susie to Oakland Park Animal Hospital , where a waiting Ratnoff feared the worst . "  I 'm thinking 15 stories , there are going to be multiple fractures , severe internal injuries or worse , " he said . "  I was worried it might need to be euthanized . " But Ratnoff said Susie was alert and conscious upon arrival , and despite some serious bruising , is expected to make a full recovery . Her shaken owner echoed the doctor 's assessment . "  It 's a miracle , " Caralis said Saturday . Man cuts truck open to save kitten Service dog has his day in school yearbook	Susie , a Maltipoo , falls through a 16th-floor vent shaft , lands on second floor It took rescuers 3 hours to extricate the 4-year-old pooch Vet calls it "  a miracle " that she suffered no major injuries
AOL Autos  -- Have you ever heard of someone having their car "  totaled " ? While the word might conjure images of a massive car accident , replete with broken glass and the Jaws of Life , the reality is sometimes far removed . Ford 's repair and safety engineers first began collaborating on the 2009 F-150 pick-up truck . In fact , there are many accidents that produce structural damage such that the vehicle 's frame is bent , even though the exterior of the car might even look drivable . Typically these cars are "  totaled , " which might give buyers the peace of mind knowing they will get a replacement vehicle . But , overall this produces much higher insurance rates for all drivers . Car companies and insurers are working hard to try and reduce the cost of auto repairs and insurance premiums for consumers and some of the development is breathtaking in its innovation This effort has already led to many new developments in the design of various auto parts and components -- which have indeed led to a reduction in repair costs for various auto parts , components and structures . And more advances are on the way : some carmakers have recently ramped up their operations in this area , which should result in greater cost savings in coming years . One recent development in this area is the Ford Motor Company 's new $ 650,000 Paint and Body Technology Center in Inkster , Michigan , about 20 minutes from the company 's Dearborn world headquarters . The new center was created by merging operations with the company 's Safety Crash Test Analysis department . Other car companies have their own versions of this kind of operation , including Ford 's crosstown rivals , General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC . The new Ford center represents an advancement over its previous paint and body tech operation in that it 's larger , closer to the company 's HQ , and now works more closely with design engineers and auto insurers -- and gets insurers involved earlier in the design process . AOL Autos : Cut your insurance in half The goal is to identify potential repair issues and then use that info to refine designs -- which in turn helps cut the cost of repairs at dealerships and independent repair shops . Plus , this effort allows repair techs to more effectively restore the vehicles to their pre-accident condition . To that end , engineers gather data earlier in the vehicle development process so it can be then analyzed during crash and durability testing . AOL Autos : How to choose a repair shop For Ford , the closer integration of these functions began when the carmaker 's repair and safety engineers first began collaborating on the 2009 F-150 pick-up truck . During the vehicle 's early development period , these engineers realized that new materials -- including ultra-high-strength steel and boron -- helped make the new truck safer , but also could make it more expensive to repair after a collision . AOL Autos : Minor damages , major repair costs "  The extensive use of advanced technologies and materials in the 2009 F-150 required us to develop new , specific procedures and repair recommendations , " said Gerry Bonanni , Ford 's collision repair senior engineer . So , Ford engineers designed and developed new front and rear-frame-section kits -- which means one single section of the frame can now be repaired / replaced after a crash , instead of having to replace the entire frame . "  Partial-frame repairs cost at least $ 2,000 less than full-frame replacements , " says Bonanni -- and will prevent some vehicles from being "  totaled , " which would have previously been the case under repair laws in some states . The success of the collaboration on the F-150 prompted the decision to open the new paint and body tech center . A more recent example was the work done on the 2010 Mustang . "  Previously , we had no real procedure for sectioning off the rear-frame rails , " says Bonanni . "  But , by collaborating with repair technicians and the insurance companies , we developed a procedure , which we then documented for the repair techs in our dealers . "  That allows them to repair just a short section of the rear-frame rails , instead of replacing the entire frame-rail system -- which also translates into lower repair costs , and lower insurance rates , for the owner . " General Motors ' Collision Repair Test Center has had also had recent success on this front , says Jim Doherty , GM 's manager of the service-engineering team for aftersales body structures . "  We coordinate with the product engineers , so as soon as a new vehicle starts development , about four years before it 's introduced , we engage with their team , " says Doherty . "  Some of our people work on the structure , and some on the exterior , and we collaborate with the design engineers to work out whatever improvements might need to be made over the previous version of a component or assembly . " AOL Autos : Best & worst auto designs As with Ford , "  the goal is to make sure that the vehicle has the most cost-effective repair strategy , " adds Dave Bakos , GM 's director of global after-sales mechanical engineering . "  Our liaisons with people in the insurance industries are definitely useful -- they call us if they have concerns , and when we develop a new technology , we contact them to make sure they understand it . " The development of lighter-weight steel for auto frames also presents challenges to GM 's center . "  They 're very high-strength , but their repairability is more difficult when compared with the old cold-rolled steels -- so , that has forced us to come up with new welding , sectioning and attachment strategies as the vehicle is being designed and developed , " says Doherty . AOL Autos : Take the guesswork out of buying a used car Doherty and Bakos cite a couple of examples of how the Collision Repair Test Center -- and the collaboration between design and repair engineers and insurance companies -- have been parlayed into cost savings for car owners . Prior to the current model year , the cost of repairing the frame-rail assembly on a Pontiac Solstice included $ 936 for the part itself , plus 13 1/2 hours worth of labor costs to install , says Doherty . But by working with design engineers and insurers , the Collision Repair Test Center was able to develop and create a "  service-only " partial assembly . That means that , on the '09 Solstice , a collision technician can replace the damaged section of the front rail only , rather than the entire front rail section . The parts for the partial assembly cost far less and require just three and a half hours of labor to install , " says Doherty . "  Because of these changes , the total cost savings for this repair could be as high as $ 1,500 . " The current Saturn Aura presented a challenge / opportunity along the same lines . For the '09 Aura , GM engineers at the Collision Repair Test Center created "  zone-specific " replacement parts . "  Rather than replacing the entire body-side assembly as a single piece , engineers developed sectioning procedures for the front , center and rear quarter sections of the vehicle , " explains Doherty . "  This allows the technician multiple repair options when repairing the side of a damaged vehicle . Even though the cost of parts remained similar , labor cost savings created were substantial , ranging from about $ 600 to as high as $ 1,200 . " One current focus for these operations at Ford , GM and other carmakers relates to side-impact crashes . "  We do n't want every vehicle to have to end up in the salvage yard just because a side pillar is damaged , " says Bakos . "  So we 're working on some combination of welding or welding and adhesives , or maybe mechanical fasteners , in order make those sections more repairable , so that the vehicle is n't totaled . " New challenges continue to present themselves , says Ford 's Bonanni . "  New technologies are developing pretty rapidly , " he says . "  And each time a new one comes along , it 's our job to develop new ways of repairing the various structures , components and parts that incorporate those new technologies -- and do it in a way that maintains the vehicle 's after-crash structural integrity , and keeps costs down for the vehicle owner . "	Companies and insurers sections cars to be crash  and repair  friendly Many new developments exist in the design of auto parts and components New materials -- including ultra-high-strength steel -- help make vehicles safer New challenges continue to present themselves , says Ford expert
CNN  -- Nations honored those who sacrificed their lives in wars on Wednesday , in many cases for the first time without any surviving veterans of World War I. Services took place around the world to mark the 91st anniversary of the armistice signed between Germany and the Allies on November 11 , 1918 . Depending on where it is celebrated , the day is alternatively known as Armistice Day , Remembrance Day , Poppy Day or Veterans Day . In Britain , Queen Elizabeth led Remembrance Day ceremonies in Westminster Abbey , a service also attended by Prime Minister Gordon Brown and other senior politicians and military leaders . The day has special resonance because the last remaining veterans , William Stone , Henry Allingham and Harry Patch , all died this year . The dignitaries joined people around the country in observing the traditional two-minute silence . The Very Rev. Dr. John Hall , dean of Westminster , began the service by talking about the moment when the guns fell silent in Europe 91 years ago . "  We remember , with grief , the gas and the mud , the barbed wire , the bombardment , the terror , the telegram ; and , with gratitude , the courage and sacrifice . Never again , they said ; the war to end all wars . With resolution we remember , " Hall said . In Paris , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a ceremony under the Arc de Triomphe . Australians observed one minute silence at 11 a.m. , in memory of those who died or suffered in all of the nation 's wars and armed conflicts . "  Their loss is a reminder that there is nothing glorious about war . Those called upon to fight know that better than anyone , " Gen. Peter Cosgrove , chairman of the Council of the Australian War Memorial , said Wednesday . "  But they also know that , when all else fails , it is necessary to fight against the tyrannies that threaten liberty . That cause transcends the ages , and it is a noble one . " U.S. military forces , especially those in Iraq and Afghanistan , also were to observe Veterans Day , keenly aware of the costs of war . In the United States , the sacrifices of the military in the raging war in Afghanistan and the winding-down war in Iraq stand front and center in the nation 's consciousness . President Barack Obama paid tribute Wednesday to those who have lost their lives in the nation 's wars , as well as to the men and women who currently serve . "  There 's no tribute , no commemoration , no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice , " he said in a speech at Arlington National Cemetery , on a rainy , overcast Veterans Day . Earlier , the president had laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns . Millions were killed in World War I , which lasted from 1914 to 1918 . France , Britain and the United States defeated Germany and its allies , such as Austria-Hungary and the Ottoman Empire .	Nations honor those who sacrificed their lives in wars on Wednesday In many cases services took place for first time without any surviving veterans of World War I Services mark 91st anniversary of armistice signed between Germany and Allies on November 11 , 1918
London  CNN  -- You 've answered the call for volunteers , signed up for the Mars trip and you are looking forward to boldly going to space , the final frontier , to explore a strange new world . But wait . Recent evidence from NASA 's Curiosity rover mission to the Red Planet has revealed that astronauts on the round-trip would be exposed to high levels of radiation from cosmic rays and high-energy particles from the sun contained in solar storms . NASA says a Mars voyager would receive a radiation dose around 100 times the average yearly exposure on Earth . Along with all the other risks of spaceflight , this would clearly be bad for your health -- and it is proving difficult to find a solution . Eddie Semones , a radiation health expert at NASA 's Johnson Space Flight Center , told CNN that shielding to completely block the radiation danger would have to be "  meters thick " and too heavy to be used aboard a spacecraft . In contrast , with the release of the Star Trek movie "  Into Darkness , " science fiction fans have once again got used to the ease with which Captain Kirk gives the order for "  shields up " and the crew of the Enterprise being protected instantly from the hostility of space . Perhaps though , a real Star Trek shield may no longer be science fiction -- scientists at the UK 's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory  RAL  certainly think so . Radiation ` potential showstopper ' They have been testing a lightweight system to protect astronauts and spacecraft components from harmful radiation and working with colleagues in America to design a concept spaceship called Discovery that could take astronauts to the Moon or Mars . "  Star Trek has great ideas -- they just do n't have to build it , " said Ruth Bamford , lead researcher for the deflector shield project at RAL . "  The radiation problem is a potential showstopper . I 'm very concerned that the radiation issue is not being addressed very publicly and it 's absolutely key . "  Even if astronauts are sick for 3-4 days , it could still threaten the mission because the whole crew are affected -- and vomiting and diarrhea in space is no joke . It could also potentially lead to organ failure , " said Bamford . The RAL plan is to create an environment around the spacecraft that mimics the Earth 's magnetic field and recreates the protection we enjoy on the ground -- they call it a mini magnetosphere . "  On Earth , mostly we 're protected by the atmosphere but ultimately what the Earth 's magnetic field is doing is forming a first line of protection for life , " explained Bamford . "  The concept behind what we 're suggesting is due to the evolution in our understanding of plasmas . What we discovered is that if you put a magnetic field around an object in a flowing plasma , the electrons , which are very light , will follow the new magnetic field that you 've put there but the ions , the very fast ions , will overshoot -- they wo n't follow the magnetic field lines . "  You end up with a constant electric field that can be enough that it actually refracts or deflects enough of the radiation from inside the magnetic cavity that you 've formed to protect the astronauts ... enough like the Earth that they can survive . " The mini-magnetosphere concept has also been proposed by a team at the University of Washington in the United States as a way of harnessing the solar wind to create a propulsion system . Other shielding ideas are also being explored . The Inspiration Mars Foundation that is committed to sending a crew to Mars has proposed lining the spacecraft 's walls with water , food and even human waste to help protect the astronauts . Early results ` pleasing ' New Scientist magazine recently reported that the "  hydrocarbons in excrement and food are good candidates for radiation shielding . " It added : "  NASA 's Water Walls project uses a similar concept , but Inspiration must make it work for real . " As a child , Bamford was inspired to explore a scientific career by the Apollo moon landings and is a fan of the Star Trek series . She believes the concepts explored in the science fiction films are a useful shorthand for scientists when trying to explain their work . The RAL deflector shield she has helped to develop has been tested on a model inside a fusion reactor which produces a plasma like that of the solar wind . Bamford said they were delighted with the results . The RAL team now hope the project can be scaled up and fly on a real craft . "  First we need a technology demonstrator in space in , say , five years , " said Bamford . "  That 's quite realistic for a dedicated , small , unmanned spacecraft . "  I 'm sure our idea will work . It does work . There are a number of improvements to make it work better though -- perhaps we should call down to Scotty . "	NASA 's Curiosity mission to Mars revealed that astronauts on a round-trip would face high radiation levels Scientists at the UK 's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory are working on a radiation shield for astronauts A model has been tested inside a fusion reactor which produces a plasma like that of the solar wind The team are hoping to test their concept in space in the next five years
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police are still searching for suspects in the killings of two British tourists on an idyllic resort island after DNA tests on more than a dozen men found no matches with evidence from the female victim 's body . Provincial police chief Kiatthipong Khaosumarng said that experts carried out the tests on DNA samples from 11 migrants working on the island and two British brothers , one of whom had shared a room with the male victim . No one has been arrested yet over the killings on the island of Koh Tao , nor has anyone been officially named a suspect . Police had previously asked the two British brothers , Christopher and James Ware , not to leave Thailand , saying they were "  under watch . " Kiatthipong declined to comment on reports that the two brothers have now been allowed to leave Thailand . Police are now trying to find other people who were caught on surveillance video the night the two tourists -- Hannah Witheridge , 23 and David Miller , 24 -- were killed , he said . An autopsy revealed both victims had been hit by a hard object , according to Maj. Gen. Pornchai Suteerakhun , the head of the Police Hospital 's Institute of Forensic Medicine . Miller was hit and had scratches on his back , in addition to having water in his lungs consistent with drowning , an autopsy showed . Witheridge was hit several times on her head and face and her body had evidence of sexual intercourse , according to her autopsy . Pornchai did n't confirm or deny that authorities believe Witheridge was raped . Kiatthipong said that two sets of DNA have been found on Witheridge 's body , indicating at least two culprits in her death . Neither set matches that of Miller , he said . Family : ' A beautiful , intelligent , loving young woman ' Police previously said they had ruled out robbery as a motive . Miller and Witheridge were last seen with friends at a bar in the early hours of Monday before leaving together , according to Kiatthipong . Police have released a grainy image from video outside that bar , adding that they wanted to interview a person -- who they described as an Asian man -- seen in it . The victims were discovered partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads , and a hoe with blood on it was found near the bodies , police said . The deaths have shaken residents on popular holiday island , which takes up only 21 square kilometers  8 square miles  amid bright blue waters in the Gulf of Thailand . Authorities said it was the first homicide case on the island -- known for its diving locations , white-sand beaches and vibrant nightlife -- in at least eight years . The confusion and heartache there , though , pales compared to that felt now half a world away in Briton , where two families are coming to grips with their loved ones ' deaths . In a statement issued by the British Embassy in Bangkok , Witheridge 's family said she was "  a beautiful , intelligent , loving young woman who poured joy into the lives of all who knew her " and they were "  utterly devastated and shocked by what has happened . " Miller 's family described David Miller as "  an artist by temperament , so talented . "  He had a creative eye that he carried with him through life and in his degree . He was hard-working , bright and conscientious , with everything to look forward to . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Katie Hunt and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say DNA test do n't match evidence from female victim 's body DNA was taken from two British brothers and 11 other men Autopsy : Slain woman had signs of sexual intercourse , getting hit in head The male victim had water in his lungs , was hit by hard object , police say
CNN  -- Sectarian violence has sparked a "  serious " human rights situation in western Myanmar , a U.N. envoy said . Tomas Quintana , the U.N. 's human rights rapporteur for Myanmar , called for an independent investigation into allegations that authorities are using excessive force and committing other human rights violations while trying to restore order in Rakhine state . "  While I am in no position to be able to verify these allegations at this point in time , they are of grave concern , " Quintana said Saturday after completing a six-day visit to the country that included a trip to the western state , where a surge in sectarian violence between Buddhists and Muslims in recent months has left dozens dead and displaced thousands . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . On Saturday , Quintana said an investigation in Rakhine is important to guarantee accountability . "  Reconciliation will not be possible without this , and exaggerations and distortions will fill the vacuum to further fuel distrust and tensions between communities , " he said . Quintana also called for the release of six United Nations staff members in prison who were detained "  in connection with events " in the state . "  I am of the view that the charges against them are unfounded and that their due process rights have been denied , " he said . Their detention comes at a time that Myanmar has released hundreds of political prisoners , including opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , and instituted a series of political reforms after decades of repressive military rule . Western governments have responded to the efforts by easing sanctions on the country . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims erupted in Rakhine in June , after police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman . Two of the men were sentenced to death , the government-run newspaper New Light of Myanmar reported on its website . A third man hanged himself while in detention on June 9 . News of the crime appears to have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in early June , killing 10 Muslims who were on board . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims then spread across the northern part of the state , resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes and the deaths of about 50 people , according to the government . The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine , bringing in the military to help restore order . The unrest has tested the efforts of President Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	A U.N. envoy calls for an independent investigation into allegations of abuses The accusations "  are of grave concern , " Tomas Quintana says Sectarian violence has surged in the western state of Rakhine
CNN  -- Tuvalu , the fourth smallest nation on the planet , has announced it aims to be totally powered by renewable energy sources by 2020 . Tuvalu hopes to set an example to bigger nations by relying totally on clean energy by 2020 . Located between Hawaii and Australia , the tiny Pacific nation is one of the world 's climate change hotspots and many believe it is already seeing the negative affects of rising sea levels . The highest elevation on the island is just 4.5 meters  14.8 feet  , and king tides have become increasingly damaging over the past 10 years , threatening the homes and livelihoods of its 12,000 inhabitants . The government of Tuvalu is working with the e8 , a consortium of 10 energy firms from the G8 nations that was set up after the 1992 Rio Earth Summit as a non-profit organization . The Tuvalu government estimates that it will take around $ 20 million in investment to reach the goal of 100 percent clean energy by 2020 . The first stage of the project has seen the roof of the country 's largest football stadium covered in solar panels , which supplies 5 percent of the electricity needed by the nation 's capital , Funafuti . According to e8 figures , after 14 months in operation the solar stadium has reduced consumption of generator fuel shipped from New Zealand by 17,000 tons and saved 50 tons of CO2 from being released in the atmosphere . A further benefit is the reduced risk of diesel spills around the atoll 's reefs . "  There may be other larger solar power installations in the world , but none could be more meaningful to customers than this one , " said Takao Shiraishi , general manager of the Kansai Electric Power Company that helped implement the scheme . "  The plight of Tuvalu versus the rising tide vividly represents the worst early consequence of climate change . For Tuvalu , after 3,000 years of history , the success of UN climate talks in Copenhagen this December may well be a matter of national survival , " he said in a press statement . The next scheme is building a solar power system for a secondary school on Vaitupu , one of the outer islands . "  We thank those who are helping Tuvalu reduce its carbon footprint as it will strengthen our voice in upcoming international negotiations . And we look forward to the day when our nation offers an example to all -- powered entirely by natural resources such as the sun and the wind , " said Kausea Natano , Tuvalu 's minister for public utilities and industries .	Tuvalu in Pacific Ocean threaten by rising sea levels from climate change With consortium of G8 energy companies plan to use only renewables by 2020 Most of Pacific island nation is less than one meter above sea level
Dramatic scenes ended a tense hostage situation early Tuesday in Sydney , with sounds of an explosion and gunfire as Australian police stormed a cafe where a gunman had hours earlier taken more than 10 people hostage . "  The whole moment seemed to begin by the escape by our count of six or seven hostages ; they ran out from the right-hand side of the cafe and flew down the steps and into the arms of the waiting police , " Channel 7 reporter Chris Reason told CNN . "  At that point there were a couple of minutes of silence , a police unit moved in ; we could see them in dark uniforms , night-vision goggles on , looking toward the door . There was a shot fired -- we think that at that point that it was the gunman firing a shot . We heard from one police officer saying that a hostage was down and at that point the police moved in , " Reason said . "  We saw a lot of explosive material -- flash bangs as they 're called , stun grenades to try to disrupt and startle the gunman as police units moved in from both sides of the cafe to try to get him before he could do any further damage . " Live footage from the scene later showed heavily armed police running toward the Lindt Chocolate Cafe before at least four people were carried away on stretchers . Channel 7 reporter Sean Berry said the scene had been quiet for several hours before police swarmed the area . "  All of a sudden , gunfire , heavily armed police officers -- police en masse -- and those hostages  were  beginning to be brought out , " he said . On any ordinary workday , the scene in Sydney would have been packed with people crisscrossing Martin Place on their way to work , home and shops . But this week before Christmas , the inner-city streets fell silent . "  It is eerily quiet for the center of the city , which is normally humming with traffic and pedestrians . ... People would be normally walking the streets . They 've roped off several blocks around Martin Place , " said CNN 's Anna Coren , who was about a block from the scene . Martin Place is a paved traffic-free zone , a pedestrian-friendly promenade a few blocks from the ferry terminal at Sydney Harbor . It 's where people go to meet , have coffee and catch a train . Heavily armed police Outside the Lindt shop , heavily armed police , some in camouflage gear and armed with sniper rifles , had taken positions as negotiators attempted to talk to the man inside , since identified as Man Haron Monis , also known as Sheikh Haron , a self-styled Muslim cleric . Passers-by were herded back behind police barriers , while surrounding buildings were evacuated . Opposite the Lindt shop is the entrance to the Martin Place underground train station , where trains stopped running during the siege . Beyond the train station are the studios of Australian network Channel 7 , whose huge glass windows act as the backdrop for early-morning programming , and where crowds are encouraged to gather . In the early hours of the standoff , the network , a CNN affiliate , turned its cameras around to film across the street . It captured the images that Channel 7 producer Patrick Byrne described as "  shocking and chilling . " "  People were putting their hands up against the panes of glass at the cafe . This was just extraordinary , " Byrne told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. . Moments later a black flag bearing white Islamic writing was pressed against the window , drawing gasps from the newsroom , he said . "  We 've shut off the monitors that face onto Martin Place for fear that people inside the cafe might be able to see the pictures broadcast , " Byrne said at the time . Picture emerging of alleged hostage-taker ` Surreal ' scene Few live images of the cafe were broadcast amid police warnings not to disclose operational matters . Macquarie Radio Network reporter Glenn Wheeler described the scene as "  very surreal . " "  There are literally hundreds or thousands of people wandering around with this expression of bewilderment , " he told 2GB radio station . "  We ca n't believe this is happening . " He said hundreds , if not thousands , of people had assembled in nearby Hyde Park after being told to leave the area around Martin Place . Wheeler recounted a conversation he had with two German tourists who said , "  We thought Sydney was safe . " It was a sentiment that was apparent in the street and on social media . While Australia 's operating under a "  high " terror alert , a high-profile attack in Sydney 's central business district was unexpected and unprecedented . Authorities are not explicitly referring to the incident as a "  terror attack , " but New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said police are on "  a footing that would be consistent with a terrorist alert . " Sydney residents expressed their shock and dismay . "  It 's probably the first time in Australian history that something this major in regards to a terrorist threat has happened , " Joshua Martin told Reuters . ` High ' terror alert The hostage situation follows dozens of police terror raids in the city that have strained relations with the local Muslim community . Amid reports that as many as 100 Australians had left the country to support ISIS ' quest to create a so-called Islamic State , authorities introduced tough new terror laws . The new regulations give authorities the power to imprison people for "  advocating terrorism . " They also criminalize travel to areas deemed by Australia 's foreign minister as "  no-go " zones , and impose stiff penalties for Australian citizens who leave the country to engage in foreign wars . In September , Prime Minister Tony Abbott raised the country 's terror threat level to "  high " but said there had been "  no specific intelligence of particular plots . " "  What we do have is intelligence that there are people with the intent and capability to mount attacks , " Abbott said . A week later , he announced a terror plot to decapitate members of the public had been foiled .	Explosions and gunfire heard as police storm Sydney cafe , ending siege Police move in after more hostages escape High-profile attack in Sydney 's central business district unprecedented Streets usually bustling with city workers , tourists and shoppers
CNN  -- He became the first man in Olympic history to defend both his 100 meter and 200 meter crowns and Usain Bolt 's gold-plated 2012 could be about to get a little better . The fastest man on the planet was untouchable during the Games in London , completing his unprecedented sprint double and also picking up gold with Jamaica 's 4x100m men 's relay team . It is no surprise then that Bolt leads the nominations for the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  male athelete of the year award . Bolt is joined on the list by two other male stars that enjoyed a successful summer in the English capital . Olympic hero Bolt to play for Manchester United ? The second athlete chosen is American Aries Merritt , who took the men 's 110m hurdles crown in London , before breaking the world record at a meet in Belgium shortly after . Merritt took seven hundredths of a second off the previous mark , held by Dayron Robles , which had stood for four years . The 27-year-old also took gold over the 60m distance at the World Indoor Championships held in the Turkish city of Istanbul in March . The third nominee is David Rushida , who holds one landmark Bolt will never gets his hands on after the Kenyan became the first man to break a world record on the track in London 's Olympic Stadium . The 23-year-old was the first person to run under one minute and 41 seconds in the 800m as he broke his own world record storming to gold . His performances drew praise for the chairman of the London Organizing Committee , Sebastian Coe , who called Rushida "  the most impressive track and field athlete at these Games . " But there is no place for Britain 's Mo Farah , who joined an elite list of distance runners by taking Olympic gold in both the 5,000 m and 10,000 m. Bolt will be favorite to take the award after dominating the sprint category in London just as he did in Beijing four years previously . The 26-year-old held off the challenge of compatriot Yohan Blake to secure his 100m and 200m double , labeling himself the "  greatest athlete " to have lived after his triumph . Bolt 's holds the world record in both disciplines and holds six Olympic gold medals , after also winning the men 's 4x100m relay in 2008 . The winner will be crowned on 24 November during the IAAF 's Centenary Celebrations in the Spanish city of Barcelona .	Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt leads nominations for IAAF male athlete of 2012 Bolt became the first man to retain his 100m and 200m Olympic titles in London Kenya 's Olympic 800m champion and WR holder David Rushida also included America 's 110m hurdles Olympic champion Aries Merritt completes list
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jamiel Shaw was just three doors from his house on March 2 . His father told the 17-year-old high school football star to be home before dark . That is exactly what he was trying to do when , just before dusk , gunshots rang out . Gang members pulled up in a car and asked Shaw if he was in a gang . Shaw did n't have time to tell them "  no . " He was mowed down before he could answer , police say . His dad heard the shots from inside his house and immediately called his son 's cell phone to warn him to stay away . But within seconds , the father realized what had happened . "  I just ran down there , " Jamiel Shaw Sr. told CNN . Watch dad describe hearing "  pow , pow " " His son was wearing the same shirt his dad had pressed for him that morning . "  He was laying on the ground and his face was so peaceful . I knew he was dead . " "  For three hours , I was just completely blacked out walking . " More than 7,500 miles away , Army Sgt. Anita Shaw was serving her second tour in Iraq . Her commanding officer called her into his office and told her to sit down next to the chaplain . He then informed her that her son had been killed on the streets of Los Angeles . "  I freaked out , " she said . "  I wanted to run out of the room . I was screaming and kicking . I was shouting , ` No . ' " Anita Shaw is now back in Los Angeles to bury her son . Police announced Tuesday that an arrest had been made in the shooting . Pedro Espinoza , a 19-year-old member of the Hispanic 18th Street Gang , was charged in the killing and could face the death penalty if convicted , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Espinoza is scheduled to be arraigned March 25 . Espinoza was released from jail -- where he was held on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon -- one day before the incident . Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton Tuesday called on the community to help police locate a second suspect who was with Espinoza at the time of the shooting . Hundreds of family members and friends gathered Tuesday at West Los Angeles Cathedral to remember Shaw , a standout running back and sprinter at Los Angeles High School who had good grades and stayed out of trouble despite his rough neighborhood . Among the schools recruiting him was Stanford University . Watch as family , friends remember Shaw " Blue-and-white flowers -- his school colors -- adorned his casket , and photos of Shaw over the years were displayed at the service . Eric Clapton 's "  Tears in Heaven " played as mourners entered the church . "  He was a Christian and I thank God for that because I know he 's in a better place , " his mom said , trembling as she sobbed . "  He 'd just try all the time to do the right thing . He was so good . " Shaw is one of several innocent victims in a horrifying three-week spate of gang-related shootings around Los Angeles . A man was gunned down as he held a 2-year-old baby in his arms . A 13-year-old boy was shot to death last week as he went to pick lemons from a tree . In another incident , a 6-year-old boy was critically wounded when he was shot in the head while riding in the car with his family ; two gang members have been arrested in connection with that shooting , according to police . "  I think what is particularly unnerving for all of us is just the random nature of these shootings , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said last week . Bratton and Deputy Chief Kenneth Garner met with community members from the South Side of Los Angeles over the weekend to try to calm tensions between black and Hispanic communities . Among those in attendance were Shaw 's parents and his younger brother . Bratton acknowledged some neighborhoods are rife with underlying racial tensions that have "  taken too many young lives . " He said he is in the process of hiring 1,000 new police officers to help combat inner city gang violence . Watch Bratton describe an "  always underlying tension " " "  There 's no denying that some of the crime in this city is a direct result of hatred , animosity , racial animosity , ethnic differences , " Bratton said . "  We must all work to the best of our ability to try to prevent that . " "  None of it is right , " said Garner . "  We ca n't get so incensed that we lose focus that it 's going on on both sides . " He added , "  Wrong is wrong . " The killing of Shaw has rallied his neighborhood . Dozens of people gathered outside his home for a vigil last week and placed candles , flowers and blue-and-white balloons at a makeshift memorial . One sign read , "  We love you ! Jamiel Shaw . " On the online social networking site Facebook , more than 100 people have joined a page called "  Good people live in our hearts forever RIP Jamiel Shaw . " "  Loved you lots babyboi ! Still do ! I know many , many , many people who are missing you right NOW !!! " wrote Christina Stewart on the Facebook wall . Another person , Harley Lally , wrote , "  Football will never be the same without you . I miss you every Sunday , and every time I step on that field . " Shaw , a junior , carried the ball 74 times for 1,052 yards this season , with an average of 14.2 yards per carry , according to MaxPreps Web site . The longest of his 10 touchdowns went for 75 yards . He passed the ball one time all year in the last game of the season -- the last game of his career . It was a 60-yard touchdown strike . Watch mom 's Thanksgiving message to son from Iraq " But he will be missed for more than his football . The beloved player with the big smile meant so much more . The father and son years ago had made a pact : Keep focused , stay away from drugs and gangs , and get into college on an athletic scholarship . In return , the dad promised to do everything for his son , nicknamed "  Jas , " to make that happen . Breaking down in tears , the father said , "  I guaranteed ` Jas . ' That 's why it hurts so much -- because I told him , ' I promise you , if you sacrifice these years , I 'll sacrifice with you . ' " Watch Jamiel Shaw Sr. ask mourners to make a difference " The dad said more must be done to combat gang violence . "  It 's a gang problem and they have nothing in their heart for people . " Shaw 's mother , the Army sergeant , compares the gang members who killed her son to those she 's fighting against in Iraq . "  To me , they 're terrorists . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kara Finnstrom , Paul Vercammen and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	NEW : Arrest made in killing of Jamiel Shaw , athlete killed outside his L.A. home Police : Gang members had asked him if we was in a gang Shaw did n't have time to tell them "  no , " according to police His mother was on duty in Iraq when she got the news
CNN  When fields get plowed , diamonds do n't usually pop up . That 's unless you 're visiting Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro , Arkansas . That 's where Dean Filppula , an offshore steward from Shreveport , Louisiana , found a yellow 2.01-carat diamond last week . It 's finders , keepers at the state park 's 37-acre search field , which is named for an ancient eruption that littered the area with gems . The area , which became a state park in 1972 , is the only public site in the world where -- for a small fee -- you can dig for diamonds and keep them . The sparkling wedge-shaped stone is about the size of an English pea , park interpreter Waymon Cox said in a news release . It 's the largest stone of the 20 found this year , he said . "  More than half an inch of rain had fallen two days before his visit , washing loose soil from the surface of the diamond search area , and , no doubt , uncovering the large , yellow gem , " Cox said . "  Anyone could have found it , but Mr. Filppula was in the right place at the right time . " Filppula , who plans to sell the diamond , named it the Merf Diamond after his mother 's initials . It 's not clear how much Filppula will get for the diamond , and park officials are n't trained to appraise them , according to the park website . But Oklahoma Tara Clymer found a 3.85-carat diamond in 2013 and sold it last year for $ 20,000 . A CNN 50 states pick : Crater of Diamonds Before Filppula 's find , park staff had plowed the area to bring more diamonds to the surface for visitors to find . The 40.23-carat Uncle Sam , the nation 's largest diamond , was found in 1924 . The "  perfect " 3.03-carat Strawn-Wagner diamond was found in 1990 , and a man discovered the white 6.19-carat Limitless Diamond in April . The park stretches for more than 900 acres along the Little Missouri River , but the hunt in the diamond field is the big draw . More than 75,000 diamonds have been discovered there since farmer John Huddleston discovered gems on what was then his property in 1906 .	A Louisiana man finds a 2-carat diamond in an Arkansas state park Crater of Diamonds is the only public diamond search site in the world
LONDON , England -- Football will pay its tribute to the legend of Manchester United 's Busby Babes on Wednesday in moments of remembrance on the 50th anniversary of the Munich air disaster . A memorial stone recalls the place of the Munich air disaster in Kirchtrudering near Munich . Eight players lost their lives on February 6 , 1958 , when Flight 609 ZU crashed on the third attempt to take off after re-fuelling in Germany as United returned from knocking Red Star Belgrade out of the European Cup . Sir Matt Busby 's side , back-to-back English champions and well positioned for a hat-trick attempt , were arguably on course to become the best United team . The United players killed at Munich were Geoff Bent , aged 25 , Roger Byrne  28  , Eddie Colman  21  , Mark Jones  24  , David Pegg  22  , Tommy Taylor  26  , Liam Whelan  22  and 21-year-old Duncan Edwards who died in hospital 15 days after the crash . They and the other 15 people who lost their lives will be remembered with a commemorative service at Old Trafford while a short ceremony , organised by supporters , will also take place at the memorial site in Kirchtrudering , on the outskirts of Munich . In keeping with tradition , United supporters will also gather under the memorial plaque at Old Trafford where the clock is fixed at the exact time of the final fateful take-off attempt . Later in the day , a minute 's silence will take place ahead of England 's friendly with Switzerland at Wembley as a further mark of respect . As he bows his head during this week 's Munich commemorations , survivor Harry Gregg 's mind will understandably flash back to that snow-laden runway , but only briefly . The 75-year-old Ulsterman prefers not to remember the afternoon he lost so many friends among the victims , but instead the days when the dream of the ` Busby babes ' was still vibrant and alive . Goalkeeper Gregg , hailed a hero in the wake of the crash after returning to the wreckage to pull out survivors , is adamant those are the times which always burn brightest in his memory . "  I was part of something that was a very , very beautiful thing at that time , " said Gregg , who cost United a record 23,000 pounds sterling when he joined from Doncaster Rovers two months before the disaster . "  I 'll always be proud of that . The fact there 's going to be a minute 's silence after 50 years is a tribute to the people I played with , but one must remember as well there were other people on board that aircraft , a lot more people . "  I want the minute 's silence to be over and then I want to remember the happy times , that 's what I want the world to remember , that 's what I want the families to remember . " E-mail to a friend	Football pays tribute on the 50th anniversary of the Munich air disaster Eight Manchester United players died when plane crashed on take-off A total of 23 people were killed as Utd returned from cup tie in Belgrade
InStyle.com  -- What better way to wrap up 2012 than with a look back at the year 's loveliest dresses ? Whether soft and sweet like Keira Knightley 's pastel Erdem gown , a complete knockout like the Lanvin mini Emma Stone wore , or something in between like Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge 's bold and romantic Jenny Packham stunner , these 10 red carpet picks have one thing in common : they 're just plain stunning ! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley EVENT : The Art + Film Gala DESIGNER : Gucci WHY WE LOVE IT : Sexy can be pretty too ! Especially when the dress is in a vibrant hue and accented with ruffles . Jessica Chastain EVENT : "  Madagascar 3 's " Cannes premiere DESIGNER : Giorgio Armani WHY WE LOVE IT : The actress complemented her gown 's Old Hollywood glam with side-swept curls and scarlet lips . Emma Stone EVENT : The Met Gala DESIGNER : Lanvin WHY WE LOVE IT : She may have gone blond , but Stone was still red hot on the carpet in her crimson dress . Biggest Hair Makeovers of 2012 Naomi Watts EVENT : The Toronto International Film Festival premiere of "  The Impossible " DESIGNER : Elie Saab WHY WE LOVE IT : A lovely lavender hue made this plunging gown more sugar than spice . Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge EVENT : The BOA Olympic Concert DESIGNER : Jenny Packham WHY WE LOVE IT : Talk about lighting up a room ! A complementary hue and an off-the-face updo made Catherine Middleton 's eyes sparkle . Julianne Moore EVENT : The 2012 Emmys DESIGNER : Dior Haute Couture WHY WE LOVE IT : Never afraid to take a risk , the actress 's dramatic silhouette and palette definitely paid off ! This Year 's Biggest Style Risks Zoe Saldana EVENT : The ALMA Awards DESIGNER : Gucci WHY WE LOVE IT : The actress looked every inch a goddess in her plunging , pleated gown . Keira Knightley EVENT : The L.A. premiere of "  Anna Karenina " DESIGNER : Erdem WHY WE LOVE IT : From her pretty pink lips to her cool mint silk , the actress 's pastels were a breath of fresh air .  And who does n't love a good pocket ? Biggest Rocks of 2012 Taylor Swift EVENT : The Teen Choice Awards DESIGNER : Maria Lucia Hohan WHY WE LOVE IT : Everyone loves this singer in romantic flowing gowns , but she looks just as ethereal in a backless goddess mini . Selena Gomez EVENT : The Vanity Fair Oscar party DESIGNER : Dolce & Gabbana WHY WE LOVE IT : Cool silver enhanced the singer 's always-radiant glow . See more of the prettiest dresses of 2012 at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jessica Chastain looks beautiful at "  Madagascar 3 's " Cannes premiere Keira Knightley wore Erdem to the Los Angeles premiere of "  Anna Karenina " Julianne Moore took a risk at the 2012 Emmy Awards
CNN  -- Milan might be most famous as the capital of Italian fashion and finance , but it 's an ambitious architectural project that 's generating buzz these days in the home of Armani and Alfa Romeo . Porta Nuova is a new 290,000 square meter  3.12 million square feet  site that will encompass office , residential and green space on the previously neglected outskirts of the city . Building work on the project started in 2009 . When finished , it will feature numerous sleek skyscraper buildings that will juxtapose sharply with Milan 's more traditional low-rise architecture . As Italy looks to emerge from the Eurozone crisis , there are even some who suggest developments like these could help get the country 's economy moving again . "  The made in Italy brand is not just fashion and design and food , " said Manfredi Catella , CEO of property development and management firm , Hines Italia . "  Now the first  brand  is our land . This is the natural resource of the country . The Middle East have their oil , we have our oil in our land . Now we have to take it back and create value . Porta Nuova is an example , " Catella added . Valued at more than $ 2 billion Porta Nuova is 60 % financed by European investors with the remaining 40 % funded by Qatar holdings . The jewels in the crown of the project are arguably the Bosco Verticale  roughly translated as vertical forest  buildings . The taller of these two residential towers will stand 128 meters  419 feet  high while more than 900 trees will adorn exterior walls and balcony space . A new 231 meter curved tower close by , meanwhile , will house Unicredit Group 's European headquarters and cater for 4,000 of the financial services firm 's staff . Unicredit 's general manager Paolo Fiorentino said the new building could change the way the company structures its premises in the future . "  The feedback  so far  is so positive that we will replicate this project also in other cities like Vienna . We have in mind also Rome but we change the overall headquarters philosophy in the group , " Fiorentino said . "  In reality what we put under discussion is the way that our people are sharing space . " Major global firms such as Google have also agreed to set up their Italian headquarters here . But while some see progress and opportunity , others are reserving judgment . "  We are not used to certain skylines now you have to lift your head up , " said local architect and designer , Massimmo Locatelli . "  That new way of building for Milan is really unusual and I guess people expect to get used to it , " he added . With just under a year to go until the Porta Nuova project is completed , traditionalists now do n't have long to savor the city 's existing skyline . See also : Suburbia gone wild See also : Architects build first 3D printed house See also : Giving Motown a replay	Porta Nuova aims to transform Milan 's skyline Project will feature new skyscrapers and buildings covered with trees Some experts believe construction ventures like these could get Italian economy moving
CNN  -- One of the funniest couples in Hollywood is breaking up . Amy Poehler , star of the NBC comedy "  Parks and Recreation , " and Will Arnett , best known for his work on "  Arrested Development , " are separating after nine years of marriage , a representative for the couple said . Lewis Kay confirmed the two have split , but did n't have any other details on their breakup . The couple has two sons , a 3-year-old and a 2-year-old , according to the Internet Movie Database . The two met in 2000 and married three years later . They worked together several times . Poehler , 40 , played a woman Arnett 's "  Arrested " character married in Las Vegas . In the movie "  Blades of Glory , " they played a brother and sister figure skating team . He also played her love interest in one episode of "  Parks and Recreation . " Arnett , 42 , told CNN in 2010 : "  There 's for sure a lot of joking around -- just as much as anybody in any household . But we 're a lot more boring than people think . Or , maybe it 's just as boring as people think . " Arnett 's first marriage was to actress Penelope Ann Miller .	Couple met in 2000 and married three years later They have appeared on screen together several times She played his wife when he was on "  Arrested Development " They have two young sons
Auckland , New Zealand  CNN  -- It was a busy weekend , but Kim Dotcom was feeling relaxed . He was in boyish good spirits as around 150 contractors buzzed around his mansion and its acres of grounds , building a giant "  Mega " sign on the front lawn and erecting a mobile stage that production company MadAnt says is New Zealand 's largest . He mugged for the camera and joked "  it 's another raid " as a helicopter flew overhead . The world 's most controversial Internet tycoon was preparing to launch his site at 6:48 am on Sunday morning -- a year to the minute after his New Zealand mansion was raided and his old service was shut down by the authorities .  Some press , including Ars Technica , received an early look at the site . Ars Technica freelancer Chris Keall spoke with Dotcom on January 18 at his mansion outside Auckland , discussing topics ranging from Mega 's business model to legal threats that may come back to bite his business . "  I would have the same fears " In its heyday , Megaupload had around 50 million unique users -- none of whom have regained access to their files since the site was taken offline . We put the most obvious question to Dotcom first : why should users trust him with their data at all ? Would n't it be legitimate for users to be spooked by Mega , and refuse to go near it ? "  You are certainly right , " Dotcom conceded . "  If I -LSB- were -RSB- a user of Megaupload , I would probably have the same fears . There will be users who chose not to work with us because of that , and that is unfortunate . " But Dotcom hopes that enough users will value the service he 's offering : all-encrypted storage that ca n't be opened by anyone -- even the host . He knows there will be a lot of people coming to check things out in the weeks to come and first impressions matter . "  There will also be a lot of users who just want to try this new service and see how good it is , " he said . "  Once they realize there is really no alternative to this service right now in terms of safety and privacy , I think there will be a lot of users who will use this . And over time , you know , when the service is live for a few months and people see these guys are still here , I think the trust will grow . " The jovial pre-launch atmosphere is only broken when Dotcom and his lawyer Ira Rothken are reminded that this week U.S. prosecutors have raised the possibility of fresh charges if the Mega launch goes ahead -- an act that could be interpreted as violating a key bail condition Dotcom signed in by affidavit : not to relaunch Mega , or a similar service . Rothken angrily rejects the notion that Dotcom is violating bail conditions . "  Mr. Dotcom is working in consultation with top notch NZ defense counsel on bail compliance , " he said . " -LSB- He -RSB- is innocent , is presumed innocent , and is entitled to innovate and work in technology like any other innocent New Zealander especially when the U.S. takes away all his assets and delays the extradition proceedings . " Nothing in Dotcom 's bail conditions or US law precludes his engaging in lawful business , including Internet and technology businesses , said Rothken . Embracing even the "  smallest , most unreliable " hosts The Mega business plan will be a distributed model , with hundreds of companies large and small , around the world , hosting files . A hosting company can be huge or it can own just two or three servers Dotcom says -- just as long as it 's located outside the U.S. "  Each file will be kept with at least two different hosters , -LSB- in -RSB- at least two different locations , " said Dotcom . "  That 's a great added benefit for us because you can work with the smallest , most unreliable -LSB- hosting -RSB- companies . It does n't matter because they ca n't do anything with that data . " More than 1,000 hosts answered a request for expressions of interest on the Mega home page . Dotcom says several hundred will be active partners within months . Successful hosts will get paid E500 per month per server ; each server needs to supply 24 hard drives with 72 terabytes of storage and one gigabit of bandwidth , among other requirements . That 's all down the road , however . For now , Mega is launching with just one , professional , hosting operator -- a subsidiary of Cogent , based in Dotcom 's home country of Germany . Dotcom says he needed a rock-solid setup for the launch and an operator who could rapidly scale if traffic and hosting requirements suddenly go through the roof after the January 20 launch  he had hoped to have a server rack operating in New Zealand for the launch as well , but says capacity on the Telecom/Singtel/Verizon-owned Southern Cross Cable was prohibitive  . The Washington DC-based , Nasdaq-listed Cogent was one of the suppliers of infrastructure and hosting services to Megaupload before its 2012 take-down . According to the indictment , Megaupload was paying Cogent around $ 1 million a month to lease "  approximately thirty-six computer servers in Washington , DC and France . " It was a substantial contract , although one that was dwarfed by that of Virginia-based Carpathia Hosting , where the bulk of Megaupload files were hosted , and are still stranded . Cogent 's fate was closely enough tied to Megaupload that its shares dropped 23 percent in a day after last year 's raid , from $ 19.20 to $ 15.43 . By mid-March , however , the stock had rebounded strongly ; it closed recently at $ 24.11 . Having Cogent back on board is a source of pride for Dotcom ; a major public hosting company has made a vote of confidence in his business plan for Mega . He was about to go into further detail on Cogent 's hosting operation in Germany when his lawyer Ira Rothken -- in Auckland for the launch and sitting in on the interview -- stopped him , citing security concerns if the specific location was revealed . Launching the most lawyered-up startup in tech history The Mega business plan has been vetted by more than 20 lawyers across the US and New Zealand , Dotcom says -- including those at Rothken 's firm , and New Zealand law firms Simpson Grierson  one of the largest corporate law firms in NZ  and Lowndes Jordan  an intellectual property specialist  . Also on Team Mega are two independent lawyers capable of handling the most difficult work : Queen 's Counsel Paul Davison  often cited as the most expensive lawyer in New Zealand  and Guyon Foley -- a criminal lawyer who made his mark prosecuting cases for the police before "  switching sides , " so to speak . "  This startup is probably the most scrutinized by lawyers in the history of tech startups , " Dotcom claims . Dotcom says it 's inevitable Hollywood and music labels will "  heckle " Mega "  going by their past aggression ... they ca n't help themselves "  and there was certainly a foretaste of possible trouble to come this week as Mediaworks , which owns one of the two big radio networks in NZ , pulled ads for Mega from its stations ; an insider said the move followed pressure from music and movie advertisers  . Rothken says anybody who comes after Mega has no case . "  You have companies like Dropbox and Google with Drive with materially similar technologies , and they are in business and they 're thriving -- and Mega adds encryption , " he says . But does n't encryption add a sinister edge ? After all , encryption means Mega will be like the Swiss bank of online storage services ; customers could easily use the technology to hide , say , pirated movies or child porn . Rothken responds that many technologies have dual uses , but on balance provide more public good . That 's how the VCR stayed on the market , despite facilitating video piracy . The same argument applies to cloud computing as a whole , he says . For good measure , Rothken also notes that former Deputy Homeland Security Advisor Richard Falkenrath wrote about encryption as a desirable feature for cloud computing services  "  You do n't really need to know where your data is . As long as you know it is safely wrapped in an at-rest encryption cocoon , you should feel secure , " the advisor wrote . Dotcom adds in that although other services do n't have a one-click encryption option built into their interface , the likes of Google Drive allow you to upload encrypted , password-protected files . Dotcom and Rothken 's arguments are well rehearsed and , on the face of things , have a solid logic . But Dotcom , by his own admission , says the apparent movie and music industry push against the Mega radio ads was an "  emotional reaction " from the content industry . Those feelings remain . Even with the best precautions , attempts to shut down Mega -- and shut up Dotcom -- are unlikely to stop . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Internet tycoon Kim Dotcom launched a new file-storage and sharing site , Mega , on Sunday Authorities shut down Dotcom 's previous venture , Megaupload.com , amid piracy allegations Mega offers all-encrypted storage for files that ca n't be opened by anyone -- even the host Dotcom : "  This startup is probably the most scrutinized by lawyers in the history of tech startups "
CNN  -- On the northern banks of the Thames Estuary outside London , a soft tide laps against the perimeter of Britain 's latest multi-billion dollar development project . Situated just 25 miles downriver from the ornate splendor of the Houses of Parliament and the suave sophistication of the Shard Tower , the DP World London Gateway is a new deep-sea container port that will welcome its first vessel at the beginning of November . The 995 acre site has taken more than three years to construct , carries a price tag of Â # 1.5 billion  $ 2.4 billion  and has the advanced technological capabilities to host the ever increasing heft of the world 's biggest ships . See also : Where is the world 's busiest airport Although other UK container ports such as Felixstowe have greater capacity -- processing 3.74 million TEU  20-foot Equivalent Units  in 2011 , according to the World Shipping Council , compared to London Gateway 's 3.5 million TEU annual limit -- the team behind the Thames project believe their location and state-of-the-art facilities will give them a competitive edge . "  This will be a world class port that the UK will be proud of , a national asset , " said London Gateway CEO , Simon Moore . "  We 're  trying to bring the biggest ships in the world as close as we can to the biggest point of consumption which is here and in the southeast . " Bigger and better ? A pier 2.7 kilometers  1.68 miles  long with six separate deep-water berths ensures giant vessels like the CMA CGM Marco Polo and the recently launched Maersk Triple E class of ships -- which require deeper berths and giant high-speed cranes to reach across vast vessel decks -- will be able to dock there  although there are currently no arrangements for the Triple E to come to the UK  . An extensive new set of road , railway and hinterland infrastructure services , meanwhile , will keep all goods moving rapidly towards their final destinations . See also : 8 of the world 's biggest infrastructure projects According to London Gateway supply chain manager , Peter Ward , it is important the UK has these advanced facilities to ensure it is n't cut off or isolated from its trading partners . "  The ships that are out there are getting bigger and it 's necessary that we have this kind of infrastructure to handle the UK 's global trade , " Ward said . As it stands , only a handful of other ports around the world have the infrastructure to host behemoths like the Triple E and Marco Polo . The Triple E is currently the world 's largest vessel , stretching 400 meters in length with a record container capacity of 18,000 TEUs . Although it was only delivered in June there are already rumors of even bigger ships in the pipeline . In an interview with CNN earlier this year Maersk 's COO , Morten H. Engelstoft , said the Danish firm will seek to utilize the Triple E class over other vessels in the Maersk fleet on its AE10 Asia to Europe route because they are cheaper to operate , provide greater economies of scale and are more fuel efficient . A knock-on effect of such policies , some industry experts claim , is that ports along the way will have to adapt their facilities  or start from scratch in the case of London Gateway  to cater for the increased importance of these giant ships . See also : Introducing the world 's biggest ship According to Professor Kevin Cullinane of Napier University 's Transport Research Institute , the largest ports will be forced to react purely because of the market influence of large firms such as Maersk . "  In the case of Maersk being the first to  introduce these large ships  bigger ports will have to respond as they wield such clout , especially in that market of Asia and Europe , " Cullinane said . He points to a dispute between Maersk and the Port of Singapore in the year 2000 when the Danish firm moved its local operations to nearby Malaysia as a warning of what may happen if ports do n't respond to the needs of the biggest shipping companies . Ports of call While some are convinced that larger ships will have a huge impact on future port development , others are n't so sure . Marc Levinson , the author of the "  The Box : How the Shipping Container Made the World Smaller and the World Economy Bigger , " believes larger ships wo n't necessarily mean all ports have to invest in new dredging or crane facilities or face being cast adrift . "  The ship lines would like to promote the idea that a port that ca n't cater for the very largest vessels would be in trouble , " he explained , "  but  there is already a significant problem with overcapacity at ports around the world . " Levinson also points out that there are limitations on where the largest ships can travel that limits their use outside of very particular routes . The Triple E class is too big for any port in the United States whilst the very largest ships still wo n't be able to fit through the Panama Canal even after its $ 5.25 billion expansion is completed later this year . See also : Can Gondolas cut city traffic The changing nature of global trade meanwhile means that in years to come the busy Asia to Europe routes may not be as important as they are today . "  We are already seeing that important pieces of manufacturing are beginning to shift from China and East Asia to Africa , " Levinson said . "  Africa 's ports are n't in a position to have Triple Es . They 're going to have smaller vessels that can service the East coast of the U.S. and Europe as there will be a lot of trade there . " "  The Triple Es and similarly large ships will be important going forward but there are going to be vessels of smaller sizes that will still have an important role within the industry , " he added .	London Gateway is a new deep water container port on the Thames Estuary near London The giant facility will be able to cater for the world 's largest ships Many existing ports are being forced to adapt their facilities to cope with the ever increasing size of container ships
Toulouse , France  CNN  -- The French police siege to capture a suspected al Qaeda-trained militant came to a bloody end Thursday morning when commandos shot Mohammed Merah in the head as he fired wildly back at them , authorities said . Merah emerged from a bathroom in his apartment and fired more than 30 shots at police as they burst in to end a standoff that had lasted more than 31 hours , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said . He jumped out a window onto a balcony , still shooting , and was found dead on the ground , officials said . Two police officers were injured in the raid , Interior Minister Claude Gueant said . Merah had only two bullets left in his gun when he was killed , Molins said . Merah , 23 , was wanted in the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three children ages 4 , 5 , and 7 . The shootings began March 11 and ended Monday with the slaying of the rabbi and the children at a Jewish school in Toulouse . Authorities said the young man cited a variety of reasons for the killings , including France 's ban on the wearing of Islamic veils , the missions of its troops abroad and the oppression of Palestinians . Police found video recordings of the attacks , ammunition and ingredients for explosives after he was killed , Molins said . In the video of the first shooting of a French soldier in Toulouse , Merah told the soldier , "  You kill my brothers , I kill you , " Molins told reporters . Another video shows Merah gunning down two more French soldiers in Montauban . He is heard saying "  Allahu Akbar , " or God is great , Molins said . Merah claimed to have posted the videos online , but police do not know when , where or how , Molins added . Merah was wearing a bulletproof vest when police raided his apartment , the prosecutor said . He originally said he would surrender to police , Gueant said , but later vowed that he would resist and kill anyone who tried to take him into custody . Gueant had said earlier police wanted to capture him alive , saying the priority was "  to hand him over to the authorities . " Merah said he wanted to "  die with weapons in his hands , " Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said overnight . After Merah 's death , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said everything had been done to bring him to justice alive . But , he said , security forces could not be exposed to more danger as they sought to arrest him , since enough lives had already been lost . Sarkozy 's political rival , Socialist presidential candidate Francois Hollande , congratulated police and said France had always shown that it "  knows how to stand up against its worst enemies without losing any of its values . " Campaigning for the French presidential elections , put on hold after the Toulouse school attack , has now resumed , with Sarkozy holding a rally in Strasbourg Thursday afternoon . The first round of voting is due next month . Sarkozy told supporters that his thoughts were with the victims and their families . The shootings were not the crime of a madman but of "  a monster and a fanatic , " he said , and his crimes are "  inexplicable and inexcusable . " France is not racist or anti-Semitic , Sarkozy added , and the tragic events of the past few days have shown that the nation is stronger when it is united and lives by its values . Police had surrounded Merah 's house at 3:30 a.m. Wednesday , having tracked him down through computer sleuthing and clues linked to his motorcycle , authorities said . As police first attempted to seize him early Wednesday morning , Merah shot and wounded two officers , said Molins , the prosecutor . The prosecutor said Merah had trained with al Qaeda in Pakistan 's Waziristan region , bordering Afghanistan , and also spent time in Afghanistan . He was sent back to France after Afghan police picked him up at a traffic stop and alerted international forces to his presence , Molins said . Merah 's activities led to his inclusion on the U.S. no-fly list , a U.S. intelligence official confirmed Thursday . Merah had been on the list for some time , one reason being that he had attended an al Qaeda training camp , the official said . Christian Etelin , a lawyer who represented Merah in an earlier incident involving a traffic accident , also said Merah went to Afghanistan two years ago . After the suspect 's death , Etelin said that Merah was psychologically damaged . "  He was completely cut off from reality , " Etelin said on CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Ebba Kalondo , the senior news editor of the television network France 24 , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " earlier that the suspect called her about two hours before police surrounded his home and laid out details of the killings that only police would have known -- "  very , very specific information " such as the number of shots fired and the shell casings left behind . "  He seemed to be very aware that a massive manhunt was under way for him , " Kalondo said . "  He said he was n't scared , and that neither capture nor death scared him at all . " Officials worry about ` lone wolf ' terrorists Merah had been under surveillance by French intelligence for years , Interior Minister Gueant said . He had "  already committed certain infractions , some with violence , " Gueant said . Merah was sentenced 15 times by a Toulouse juvenile court when he was a minor , Molins said . The French defense ministry said Merah had twice tried to join the French military . His first attempt was in the northern city of Lille , where he was refused because of prior convictions , and his second , in July 2010 , was in Toulouse , where he sought to join the Foreign Legion but left during the first round of tests . Who is Mohammed Merah ? Merah was born in Toulouse , said Elisabeth Allanic , a magistrate at the Paris prosecutors office . Gueant said he was of Algerian origin . Gueant said Merah "  wanted to avenge Palestinian children and take revenge on the French army because of its foreign interventions . " France has about 4,000 troops supporting the NATO mission in Afghanistan . The government has said it will pull them out by 2013 . Merah also was opposed to France 's recent move to ban women from wearing a full veil , Molins said . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad strongly rejected using his people as a justification for the French killings , calling the string of shootings a "  cowardly terrorist attack . " Merah belonged to a group called Forsane Alizza , or Knights of Glory , Gueant said . The French government banned the group in January for trying to recruit people to fight in Afghanistan . The group issued a "  chilling warning " on its Facebook page before it was banned this year , calling on supporters to attack Americans , Jews and French soldiers , terror expert Sajjan Gohel said . Police tracked Merah down via his brother 's computer IP address , which was apparently used to respond to an ad posted by the first victim , Gueant said . In that first shooting , Imad Ibn Ziaten , a paratrooper of North African origin , arranged to meet a man in Toulouse who wanted to buy a scooter Ziaten had advertised online , the interior minister said . The victim said in the ad that he was in the military . A message sent from the suspect 's brother 's IP address was used to set up the March 11 appointment , at which the paratrooper was killed , Gueant said . Four days later , two other soldiers were shot dead and another injured by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in a shopping center in the city of Montauban , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  from Toulouse . In the attack at the private Jewish school Ozar Hatorah on Monday , a man wearing a motorcycle helmet and driving a motor scooter pulled up and shot a teacher and three children -- two of them the teacher 's young sons -- in the head . The other victim , the daughter of the school 's director , was killed in front of her father . Police , who said the same guns were used in all three attacks , launched an intense manhunt and late Tuesday night zeroed in on the apartment , about 3 kilometers  1.8 miles  from the Jewish school . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Carol Cratty , Dan Rivers , Stephanie Halasz , Dheepthi Namasivayam , Anna Pritchard and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Mohammed Merah was on the U.S. no-fly list , a U.S. intelligence official says President Sarkozy says Merah was not a madman , but a monster and a fanatic Merah is shot in the head during a raid by security forces , ending the long standoff Police say Merah killed 3 soldiers , a rabbi and 3 Jewish children
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao underlined the Asian giant 's regional military ambitions and economic challenges Monday in a speech that opened the annual meeting of the country 's legislators . China intends to further tailor its military to ensure it is able to prevail in conflicts in its vicinity , Wen said in a speech to the National People 's Congress , a 10-day gathering in Beijing of about 3,000 delegates from across the country . "  We will enhance the armed forces ' capability to accomplish a wide range of military tasks . Most important is to win local wars under information-age conditions , " Wen said . His made his comments a day after China said it planned to increase its defense budget by 11.2 % to some 670 billion yuan  $ 106.4 billion  this year , following similar increases in previous years and a renewed strategic push by the United States in the region . The focus on local conflicts is a key part of China 's military blueprint -- the country is locked in territorial disputes with several of its neighbors . It regards Taiwan as part of its territory and has vowed to use force against the island if it ever formally sought independence . China has also claimed significant portions of the seas off its coast as its own territorial waters , putting it at loggerheads with other nations like Japan and Vietnam that have their own claims on the areas . As well as pouring more resources into the military , the authorities are also ramping up spending on internal security , according to a Ministry of Finance report released Monday . The document forecast that central and local government spending on police and other domestic security organs would increase to 701.8 billion yuan  $ 111.3 billion  , from 629.3 billion yuan  $ 99.8 billion  in 2011 . Read other issues China 's Party Congress will tackle China is grappling with unrest among its Tibetan population in southwestern regions and among the Uighur population in the far western province of Xinjiang . In his speech Monday , Wen also set a lower target for China 's economic growth , underscoring the need to make the country 's breakneck development more sustainable . The government is aiming for economic growth of 7.5 % in 2012 , Wen said , lower than the goal for last year of about 8 % . But the Chinese economy often exceeds the official objective : last year it grew 9.2 % . "  China 's economy is encountering new problems , " he said . "  There is downward pressure on economic growth . Prices remain high . " Chinese officials are concerned about high inflation and perceptions of a growing divide between rich and poor , as well as the threat of faltering overseas demand for the country 's exports . Wen also mentioned challenges the country faced in real estate , agriculture , land rights and food and drug safety . The National People 's Congress at which Wen was speaking is constitutionally the highest organ of power in China , although it has long been considered a rubber-stamp parliament . It passes virtually every measure , resolution and law put forward by the government or the Communist Party . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	China aims to tailor its military to ensure it can win local conflicts , prime minster says He also sets a lower target for the country 's economic growth His speech comes at the start of a large annual gathering of Chinese legislators
CNN  -- South Africa risks witnessing mass uprisings if it does n't act urgently to deal with rampant youth unemployment , the leader of the country 's trade union movement has warned . As general secretary of the Congress of South African trade unions  Cosatu  , which boasts some two million members , Zwelinzima Vavi 's voice is an influential one . Speaking to CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Vavi warned that 35 years after a youth revolt against the apartheid regime , the country 's unemployment levels could lead to a new uprising . "  If we do n't do something urgent enough with the crisis of youth unemployment in South Africa we will be in Tunisia and Egypt very soon , " he said . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : You 've warned that South Africa risks another 1976 uprising , tell us what you mean by that ? Zwelinzima Vavi : I 've participated in the struggle and I know what type of aspirations and hopes all of us carried throughout those many dark years of struggle against apartheid ... I 'm only pointing out that after 17 years of all that democracy in the country we 've seen little change when it comes to economic freedom , and I normally say we have a political freedom , but the economic jewelry is not hanging on our necks . We have unemployment that I 've already described at 36.6 % , with 48 % of our people living in poverty . We 're now number one in the world when it comes to inequalities . I participated in local government elections and I see the face of poverty every day : it 's a grinding , humiliating type of poverty that many people will be on the streets demonstrating if they were to be subjected to the same conditions that the poor are subjected to in the country , and already in my view we 're seeing an implosion in the country . CNN : Service delivery protests ? ZV : You saw the service delivery protest , and having interacted with that thing , I 'm of the view that even if we can get the best councilor elected in some of those rural towns , you 're not going to get that situation turned around . The crisis is structural ; as long as your economy is not put in a new growth path that can absorb large numbers of youth into employment in South Africa , we 're sitting with that unemployment . Seventy-three percent of all the people who are unemployed are below the age of 35 -- that 's a crisis , that 's 1976 waiting to happen again and we 've urged that we must address that crisis with the necessary speed and my sense is that more and more South Africans are coming to accept that is true . If we do n't do something urgent enough with the crisis of youth unemployment in South Africa we will be in Tunisia and Egypt very soon . CNN : Why do you think there has n't been urgency within the ruling party to address this issue ? ZV : There 's been , in my view , a serious lack of political willingness because people are not put under pressure enough . You know when you feel that your tomorrow is guaranteed , your levels of support are guaranteed , you tend to loosen up and the urgency disappears -- that 's what 's been lacking . CNN : Some analysts would say , if you had it your way , South Africa would not be a business-friendly and investor-friendly environment . ZV : Not true , not true -- I 'm a realist , I 'm a socialist but  one  who is a realist . I know that 80 % of all people employed in the economy of South Africa are employed in the private sector and that demonstrates the extent of the role of the markets , of the private sector , in the South African economy . I wish that was not true , but that is true . I think that sometimes there is an exaggerated , completely misinformed view about the South African labor laws . Lots of people say that they have become too rigid and  are  not creating space for private firms , or it is not an attractive investment destination -- I do n't think that is at all true . CNN : Would you ever accept a government job , if it was offered to you again ? I understand that when President Jacob Zuma became president you were offered a government position . ZV : Under the conditions of today ? No I would not . My basic belief is that we must build a stronger movement of the ANC outside government , capable of holding the leadership to account in every respect . You do n't wait for the elections to do correct things , you do them because they are right things to be done every day , which is what I think has become lacking in the country .	Zwelinzima Vavi is general secretary of the Congress of South African trade unions He calls for drastic action to deal with the problem of youth unemployment ` I 'm a socialist , but a realist , ' says Vavi
CNN  -- The Beijing Olympics has lost one of its major attractions after Maria Sharapova pulled out of the tennis tournament with a shoulder injury . Sharapova has treatment for a shoulder injury that has ruled her out of Olympics . The Russian world number three sustained the injury in beating Marta Domachowska of Poland at the WTA tournament in Montreal and immediately underwent an MRI scan to determine the extent of the problem . The result was not encouraging and Sharapova told her official Web site of her disappointment . "  I 'm currently packing up real quick to hop on a plane to New York for a second opinion  on the injury  but I wanted to let you all know first that there is no chance of me competing in Beijing , " she said . "  The timing is so unfortunate and this makes me more sad than anything . " It is another shattering setback for 21-year Sharapova who started the year with a brilliant victory at the Australian Open but has since been struggling with injury and loss of form . Wednesday 's match in Montreal was her first since a disappointing exit from Wimbledon . "  After the match I knew there was something seriously wrong with my shoulder , " she added . Sharapova 's appearance in the final grand slam of the season at the U.S. Open , which takes place almost immediately after the Beijing Games , must also be in serious doubt . Sharapova joins a growing list of Beijing casualties , including Athens silver medallist Amelie Mauresmo and fellow Frenchwoman Mary Pierce . Meanwhile , Vera Zvonareva will replace Sharapova in the Russian team for Beijing , spokesman Vladimir Kamelzon has confirmed .	Maria Sharapova withdraws from the Bejing Olympics due to a shoulder injury Russian star aggravated the injury in three-set win at Rogers Cup Wednesday Sharapova now a serious doubt for the final grand slam at Flushing Meadows
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean marines detained an American man on the bank of a river bordering North Korea late Tuesday , according to a South Korean Defense Ministry official and a senior U.S. State Department official . The marines were on a regular patrol mission west of Seoul when they caught the man by the Han River in an area where it divides North and South Korea . The U.S. citizen was being interrogated Wednesday , the defense ministry official said , adding that it was not immediately known whether the American was trying to cross into North Korea . The U.S. Embassy in Seoul said it was "  aware of the reports that a U.S. citizen has been detained attempting to swim from South Korea to North Korea . " The Embassy said it had been in contact with South Korean authorities but did n't have any additional information to share . Americans are allowed to travel to North Korea , usually arriving by plane from Beijing . But it 's forbidden to cross from South Korea into North Korea . The U.S. State Department warns citizens against all travel to the authoritarian state led by Kim Jong Un . Three U.S. citizens are currently in detention in North Korea : Kenneth Bae , Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Fowle . A North Korean court on Sunday sentenced Miller to six years hard labor for committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea , although the circumstances surrounding his alleged crime remain murky . Bae , a Korean-American missionary , is serving a 15-year sentence for allegedly trying to bring down the North Korean government . Fowle , who was arrested in June while traveling as a tourist , is still awaiting trial . Fast facts on detained Americans CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Elise Labott and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Embassy says it 's aware of reports the man was trying to swim to North Korea A South Korean official says not immediately clear if the man was attempting to cross the border He was caught on the bank of the Han River where it divides the two Koreas
A California wind farm is on track to get the first-ever permit allowing it to avoid prosecution and penalties in the event of eagle deaths from farm operations . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced Thursday it expects to grant a permit to the Shiloh IV Wind Project , a 3,500-acre wind farm near Rio Vista , California , within 30 days that would allow for the deaths of five golden or bald eagles over a five-year period without the wind farm 's operators being penalized . "  The permit , the first of its kind , requires the company to engage in conservation measures that protect the local population of golden eagles , while providing greater regulatory certainty for the company , " the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said in a statement . Shiloh , which is a subsidiary of EDF Renewable Energy , also produced what the federal service described as a conservation plan to help minimize the wind farm 's impact , not only on eagles , but on bats and other migratory birds , as well . "  The Shiloh IV eagle permit sets a precedent for proactive and collaborative eagle conservation at wind farms in northern California , " according to a statement from service director Dan Ashe . Garry George is the Renewable Energy Director for Audubon California , a state program of the National Audubon Society . He says the conditions of the permit are still unclear because the permit has not been issued yet . "  We do n't like it when any bird is killed . We certainly do n't like it when any eagle is killed , " George told CNN Thursday . But the group has supported the permits as a way to work with the industry to help it minimize the number of bird deaths on wind farms . "  We think the permit process is one way to do that . " He added "  we hope it provides conservation , but we do n't know if it will . " It 's unclear exactly how many eagles , in addition to other birds , are killed by the powerful turbines on wind farms every year . Only a small percentage of farms actually count the birds that are killed by the power turbine blades . "  Farms are n't required to count the number of birds killed ... . I 've seen various numbers . I do n't think we really know , but it 's a lot , " George said . Bald eagles , in particular , are protected under federal laws , even though they are no longer on the endangered species list . A wind farm could incur steep penalties in the event of eagle deaths . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says the permits help protect wind farms from accidental eagle deaths . The Shiloh wind project , northeast of San Francisco , is expected to help California meet its goal of producing 33 % of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 .	The California wind farm is already in operation Sometimes eagles and other birds fly into the massive blades Audubon Society : "  We are cautiously optimistic " about the permit
CNN  -- The deal struck at the weekend between Iran and world powers over its nuclear program is not just a triumph of Western diplomacy , but a step forward in the budding rapprochement between Iran and the U.S. that had been long in the making . Every U.S. administration from Reagan to Obama has tried to reach out to Iran . Unfortunately , these efforts all failed because the circumstances for rapprochement were not quite right -- unlike today , where Iran 's new president , Hassan Rouhani , has been determined to outflank his ideological opponents in Tehran and reach a deal with the West . The Obama administration seems equally determined -- despite opposition from Saudi Arabia and Israel , as well as an obstructive Congress -- to welcome the Iranians back into the international community , so long as they agree to play by the rules . This is Obama 's "  opening to China " moment and he must seize it . Ever since Iranian students stormed the U.S. Embassy in Tehran on November 4 , 1979 and initiated the 444-day Iran-hostage crisis , the United States and Iran have been regional arch-nemeses . Even so , in the thirty years since this traumatic event , there have been periodic efforts to improve relations . The first episode occurred in 1985 when Israeli officials helped facilitate a back-channel approach to so-called Iranian "  moderates " , represented by Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . This led to the infamous "  Mission to Tehran " , where senior U.S. officials traveled to Tehran to trade weapons and spare parts in exchange for the release of American hostages held in Lebanon . This mission failed spectacularly . Details were leaked to the press , leading to the Iran-Contra scandal , which nearly brought the Reagan administration down . After George H.W. Bush 's election in 1988 , the U.S. reached out to Iran once again , saying in his inaugural address , "  Goodwill begets goodwill " . Bush implied that if the Iranian regime helped the U.S. obtain the release of the hostages , he would respond with gestures of goodwill . Upon Rafsanjani 's election as president in June 1989 , he announced that he would help the U.S. obtain the release of the hostages , which was done in late 1991 . But goodwill did not beget goodwill . When the hostages were released , the U.S. did not do anything . During Clinton 's first term , U.S.-Iranian relations first underwent a deep chill . Following the Gulf War , the U.S. sought to "  contain " Iran and Iraq , even though Iran had disarmed itself following the Iran-Iraq War . The policy , known as "  Dual Containment " , was confusing . It advocated America playing a costly balancing role , when in fact the U.S. needed Iran to balance Iraq and vice versa . But the landslide election of Mohammad Khatami in 1997 led to a major thaw in U.S.-Iranian relations . Like Rouhani today , Khatami sought to open up to the U.S. , telling CNN that "  all doors should now be open for such dialogue and understanding and the possibility for contact between Iranian and American citizens . " Clinton seized this opportunity and exchanged letters with the Iranians in 1999 , but regime hardliners undercut Khatami and rejected the American overture . After the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , the Iranian people -- much to the surprise of U.S. officials -- poured into the streets in solidarity with the American people . As U.S. officials prepared for war they were shocked to find Iran ready to help . According to Bruce Reidel , a former U.S. official , the U.S. and Iran worked closely together after the toppling of the Taliban to establish the post-war Afghan government . Unfortunately , George W. Bush squandered whatever goodwill had been achieved by including Iran as part of the so-called "  Axis of Evil . Â " Even so , the U.S. still made progress on the nuclear issue . In May 2003 , Iran sought to trade Western acceptance of its right to a peaceful nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief , assistance in stabilizing Iraq , and cooperation against al-Qaeda . But the U.S. rejected Iran 's proposal , undermined the Khatami government , and ruined any chance of achieving a lasting deal . When Barack Obama came to office in 2009 there was great optimism that he could achieve a major breakthrough . This was because Obama had indicated during his election campaign that he was willing to talk directly with Iran . In March 2009 , Obama sought to bolster moderates inside Iran in the lead up to the June 2009 election by speaking directly to the Iranian people . Unfortunately , the regime 's hardliners had no interest in seeing another reformist return to power and rigged the election , crushed the civic-minded protests against the regime , and ushered in another four year term for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The election of Rouhani in June 2013 has turned U.S.-Iranian relations on its head . Like Khatami in 1997 , Rouhani stunned the West with a charm offensive , condemning Syria 's use of chemical weapons , wishing Jews a happy Rosh Hashana , and releasing political prisoners . Rouhani 's objective was clear : he wanted sanctions relief in exchange for a compromise over his country 's nuclear program . To this end , he found a willing partner in Obama . This remarkable opening culminated in Obama 's famous telephone call to Rouhani at the end of the UN General Assembly in late-September , the first direct communication between American and Iranian leaders since 1979 . These exchanges set the stage for the nuclear deal reached over the weekend . After decades of intense hostility between the U.S. and Iran , calmer heads have finally prevailed . Only time will tell if the U.S. and Iran can build upon this interim agreement and establish a working relationship , which is in the best interests of the region . More importantly , this deal stands as a lesson to the war hawks that diplomacy actually works . INTERACTIVE : Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan R. Gibson .	The Iran deal is progress in the reconciliation between Iran and the U.S , writes Bryan R. Gibson This is Obama 's "  opening to China " moment and he must seize it , he writes He says : When Barack Obama came to office there was hope he could achieve a breakthrough The election of Rouhani in June 2013 has turned U.S.-Iranian relations on its head , he writes
A Libyan military plane crashed in Tunisia 's Nabeul province Friday , killing all 11 people on board , the Libyan government said . The plane was carrying five crew members , a doctor , three patients and two others who were accompanying them on the flight , Libyan officials said . Among those killed was Sheikh Muftah Mabrook al Dwadi , a senior Islamist figure and deputy minister of Libya 's Ministry of Martyrs ' Affairs , the Libyan air force said . Col. Ali Sheikhi , a Libyan military spokesman , said the plane crashed amid "  mysterious circumstances . " Engine fire The Libyan air force said an engine caught fire as the plane made a gradual descent into Tunis Carthage airport and the pilot tried to land it before reaching the airport . Libya 's culture minister , speaking on behalf of the government , confirmed the death of all 11 on board and also said an initial investigation indicated one of the engines was on fire , leading the whole plane to catch fire and crash . A plane is being sent to bring the bodies of the victims home , the minister said in a post on the official Twitter account of Libya 's interim government . The director of Libya 's civil aviation authority has been dispatched to Tunis to coordinate the investigation with Tunisian authorities , he said . "  We express our condolences to victims ' families and hope investigations will reveal reasons behind the crash , " he tweeted . Air ambulance The Libyan aircraft came down about 60 kilometers  37 miles  from the capital , Tunis , near the town of Grombalia , Tunisian state news agency TAP reported . Army units , a military medical team and civil protection workers were sent to the scene of the crash , the news agency said . The plane was an Antonov An-26 , which was flying from Mitiga Airport in Libya , TAP said . Libyan officials said the plane , part of the country 's air force , was used as an air ambulance to transport patients inside and outside of Libya . Many Libyans are sent outside the country for treatment because of the poor state of health care in Libya . Libya borders Tunisia to the east .	A Libyan deputy minister and senior Islamist figure is among those killed An investigation shows that one of the engines was on fire , Libyan culture minister says All 11 people on board the Libyan military plane died when it crashed in Tunisia The Antonov aircraft was flying from Mitiga Airport in Libya , state media report
CNN  -- Italy have admitted they do not know when star goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon will be able to return to action at the 2010 World Cup . Buffon , who helped Italy win the tournament in Germany four years ago , had to be substituted at half-time during his team 's 1-1 draw with Paraguay on Monday because of a sciatic nerve problem . The Juventus stopper initially said he hoped "  to recover in two days " but an official Italy team statement was less optimistic . " -LSB- He -RSB- has a strong sciatic problem , " it read . "  It 's impossible to estimate when he might return . " Italy 's next match is against New Zealand on Sunday June 20 , with a contest against Slovakia four days later . The Azzurri had to come back from a goal behind against Paraguay and will need to improve dramatically if they are to win the tournament and match Brazil 's record haul of five World Cups . Meanwhile , Dutch winger Arjen Robben is still eight days away from full fitness , according to Netherlands coach Bert van Marwijk . Robben was back in training on Tuesday following the hamstring injury which ruled him out of their 2-0 victory over Denmark , but is likely to miss the June 19 clash with Japan . Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta is fit for Spain 's opening World Cup match against Switzerland on June 16 after overcoming a thigh injury . And England duo Ashley Cole and Wayne Rooney returned to full training on Tuesday having rested on Monday to recover from the 1-1 draw with the United States .	Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon is out indefinitely with a back injury Italy face New Zealand on June 20 after 1-1 draw with Paraguay in opener Dutch star Arjen Robben is still eight days from full fitness , Netherlands coach says Influential Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta fit to face Switzerland on June 16
CNN  Anais Bordier and Samantha Futerman have the same laugh and the same freckled cheeks . They wear their hair the same way and have since they were babies . They share a hatred of cooked carrots , a love of the same color nail polish and the need to sleep 10 hours a day . The pair tease , poke and prod each other like they 've grown up together , but they did n't . Neither woman knew she had an identical twin sister until less than two years ago . That 's where the power of the Internet , a lot of luck and a series of "  what ifs " enter the picture . I sat down with the 26-year-old sisters in Central Park recently to talk about their new book "  Separated @ Birth : A True Love Story of Twin Sisters Reunited , " which chronicles their thoroughly modern reunion . Bordier , who grew up in Paris , is an aspiring fashion designer who was studying in London . On a Saturday in December 2012 , while she was on a bus , a friend sent her a screen shot of a YouTube video featuring Futerman , who is an actress . "  I 'm automatically thinking , ` Oh , who posted a video of me on YouTube ? ' " she said with a laugh . The resemblance was uncanny . When she got home , she looked again and realized it was n't her but a girl who looked exactly like her who lived in the United States . She looked for credits on the video to find the woman 's name but could n't find anything , so she dropped the matter . That was until the same friend who sent the screen shot said he saw the girl from the video in a movie trailer , also on YouTube , about a month later . Bordier 's investigative instincts kicked into overdrive . She learned Futerman 's name and discovered they shared a birthday and were both adopted in South Korea . "  I stalk her a little bit more , learn that she was actually born in the same port city in Korea , and yes , started looking through all her pictures . " She got up her nerve and decided to contact Futerman via Facebook , sending her a friend request and a message . The similarities between her story and the film "  The Parent Trap , " featuring Lindsay Lohan in the most recent version , were not lost on Bordier . She wrote in her message to Futerman : "  I do n't want to be too Lindsay Lohan , well ... but ... how to put it ... I was wondering where you were born ? " Futerman , who was raised in Verona , New Jersey , and who has two brothers  her parents ' biological sons  and a half-brother from her father 's previous marriage , at first did n't know what to make of Bordier 's friend request and message . "  It 's pretty strange to get a message from yourself on Facebook , " she said . "  It 's a really weird experience . " It took her a few days to respond . "  I thought , ` Wow , this could actually be true , ' " Futerman said . The first time they talked on Skype , they were supposed to chat for 90 minutes but ended up talking for three hours -- a conversation that proved to be life-changing . "  We were 25 at the time , and it 's like that quarter-life crisis thing when you think it 's all downhill , " Futerman said . "  I have to buy my health insurance . I 'm getting kicked off my parents '  plan  . There 's nothing good any more , and then it teaches you that anything 's possible . " For Bordier , an only child , discovering she had a sister was amazing , but realizing that she had a twin was "  even crazier , because you have so much in common . " "  You have a very strong bond that you ca n't actually explain , but we understand each other without even really talking , " Bordier said . "  I could see her body language . ... We understand each other right away . " A DNA test proved what they already knew -- that they were , in fact , twins -- and now they planned to meet in person for the first time in London . "  The only way to explain it is being the most intense long-distance relationship and talking over months on social media and Skype , " Futerman said . But connecting on the Internet was one thing ; meeting in person was "  still really scary , " she said . Bordier said she found herself at that first meeting needing to keep her distance , because it all felt "  very strange , " but at the same time wanting some proof that her identical twin sister was real . "  So I just poked her , " she said during the interview , at which point they both laughed . That same laugh . Their reunion , which they each chronicle in alternating chapters in the book , is also part of a documentary , which they are producing and hope to release next year . The support they have received as their story has gotten national attention and the interest they have had from other adoptees and twins have motivated them to try to raise awareness and provide resources for international adoptions . "  It inspired us to become something bigger than just ourselves and to share our story for a reason , " Futerman said . She and Bordier have teamed up with Futerman 's friend , fellow actress Jenna Ushkowitz , a Korean-American adoptee and cast member on "  Glee , " to start a foundation called kindred . The foundation is focused on helping adoptees , both in the U.S. and worldwide , with family reunions and any other issues they might encounter . "  It 's such a joy to find your family , " Bordier said . "  I guess when you 're adopted , you 're always looking for somebody that looks like you , that will understand you . " Both women say their parents are delighted with the news , although they were upset initially , since neither set of parents knew the girls had a twin . Their adoption papers list their births as a single birth , they said . "  Of course , my mom was very protective and said , ` We would have taken both of you ' when they felt that we were missing out on growing up together , " Futerman said . They have tried to reach out to their birth mother but reveal in the book that she has not been interested in connecting with them . "  If we 've learned anything in this story , it 's that things will happen as they should , " Futerman said . "  And if one day she wants to reach out to us , then we 're here , and we 're willing , and we 're ready . " Though they still live halfway around the world from each other , Bordier in Paris and Futerman in Los Angeles , they text multiple times every day . "  Basically , I wake up to 20 text messages , ` What are you doing ? ' ` I 'm on my way to work . ' ` It 's cold out , ' " Futerman said . "  It 's just completely arbitrary things that happen during the day . And it 's constant . " Bordier says Futerman is always waking her up in the morning via text because of the time difference . She 'll get messages like , "  Wake up , you 're late , " she said . "  It 's amazing to feel that someone is always awake somewhere in the world , and you feel protected , " Bordier said . They may have been torn apart as babies , but they say they are now forever bonded . "  We 're not worried about being separated again , " Futerman said . What do you think about the twins ' story ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Identical twin sisters did n't know the other existed for the first 25 years of their lives They connected via Facebook in a modern-day "  Parent Trap " story In a new book "  Separated @ Birth , " the sisters document how they found each other The sisters hope their story will help other adoptees reunite with family
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- A bat that apparently had trouble flying instead tried to hitch a ride on the space shuttle Discovery , NASA officials said . The free tail bat was last seen clinging to the space shuttle Discovery 's external fuel tank just before launch . The animal was last seen clinging on the foam of the external tank of the space shuttle moments before the Discovery launched , officials said . NASA officials had hoped the bat would fly away on its own , but admitted the bat probably died quickly during Discovery 's climb into orbit . Discovery 's seven-member crew , which lifted off from Kennedy Space Center on Sunday , is on a 14-day mission to deliver supplies needed to expand the International Space Station . NASA officials noticed the bat before shuttle 's liftoff and brought in a wildlife expert to look at video images of it . The expert said it appeared to be a free-tailed bat that probably had a broken left wing and an injured right shoulder or wrist . The launch pads at the space center are near the Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge , so NASA has sirens to scare away animals that get near the shuttles . The bat is n't the first to try hitching a ride into space . NASA officials said they noticed one of the creatures on a tank of a shuttle in 1998 . That bat flew away as the shuttle 's massive engines ignited . The crew of the Discovery safely docked at the International Space Station on Tuesday . It was unclear whether its stowaway was still clinging to the shuttle .	NASA : Bat was last seen clinging on space shuttle Discovery before launch Wildlife expert says bat appeared to have broken wing or injured shoulder Discovery is on 14-day mission to deliver supplies to International Space Station
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- Morocco 's Facebook youth movement Fevrier 20 has called on civil society groups the length of the country to participate in a nationwide demonstration Sunday . The youth group 's main aim is to draw massive attention to the subject of corruption in this North African country , which was recently ranked at the 89th most corrupt in the world by Transparency International . Despite a government initiative to crack down on corruption with a two-year plan -- rolled out in October -- and a recent law to protects whistle-blowers , most Moroccans believe that graft is a key issue that needs to be tackled head-on . Government initiatives are widely regarded as ineffective . Corruption accounts for a loss of about 2 % of Morocco 's GDP , officials have said . More important , it deters vital foreign direct investment from flowing into Morocco , they say . The 45,000-strong movement is said to be supported by most of Morocco 's non-governmental organizations , according to press reports . "  We call to demonstrate peacefully in all the towns to put an end to corruption , to injustice and for a real democracy in our country , " explained one youth on a video posted on the movement 's Facebook page . The movement , which is often criticized as having been infiltrated by mainstream politicians from various parties , is expected to put as much pressure as possible on King Mohammed VI . He recently pledged a considerable overhaul of the country 's political setup , including the election of a prime minister , rather than appointment , and the shift of power from the capital to the regions . The king is widely revered in Morocco , yet many Moroccans are skeptical about whether real reforms will be implemented in a new political landscape he hopes to unveil in mid-June , after a special constitutional commission finalizes its work on the blueprint . Many world leaders , such as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , see the plan as a bold example for other Arab countries to follow . Clinton recently said that the move represented a "  model for others in the region " that holds "  great promise first and foremost for the Moroccan people . " Yet few Moroccans are so upbeat about the new constitution , as there seems to be little in it to give hope to many who want concrete initiatives to reduce corruption . "  The main areas of concern when we talk about corruption in Morocco are the judiciary , police and hospitals , " Transparency International 's local chief Rachid Filali Meknassi said . "  We need a real followup to a lot of initiatives which were taken in previous years so that political corruption can no longer infiltrate the justice system . " Judges in Morocco are appointed by the justice minister and the king in theory but in reality are installed by their own political parties , which in turn advise them on how to conclude cases . "  To give you an idea how bad it is in the judiciary , " Filali Meknassi said , "  we conducted a survey in 2005 and found that the majority of judges and lawyers in Morocco have no faith in the system being free of corruption . We also know through our own call center that in some cases , judges can be individually persuaded with incentives . " Despite numerous reports commissioned by the government on corruption in the judiciary , along with the establishment of an anti-fraud body and a special "  accountability " court , not one prosecution has been processed against a judge . In 2008 , the Ministry of Justice processed about 6,000 corruption cases across all government departments , although there were few obvious results . In the same year , the accountability court conducted 245 audits of national governmental offices and 198 of local authorities . The court 's report focused on graft in the Health Ministry , the National Investment and Development Fund and several local mayors . There were also no prosecutions by the year 's end . Fevrier 20 hopes that Sunday 's demonstrations will attract more than 300,000 people in all major Moroccan cities and present an unprecedented stand against the present rhetoric attached to the new constitution . But the group does n't specifically want to target corruption in government ministries . "  We want a new constitution , which will define exactly what the new rules and regulations are in place to stop corruption , " explained Said Benjebli , one of the movement 's architects who edits the main Facebook page . "  All we have at the moment is speeches , and the laws are not working , " he said . "  There are people in Morocco who have become millionaires due to being given public contracts just through their contact with the king . This has to stop . But then even smaller-scale corruption , like those who ca n't get a job despite having the qualifications , is also important . "	The group Fevrier 20 calls for nationwide demonstrations Sunday Most Moroccans believe graft is a key issue King 's plan for political overhaul applauded by world leaders But many citizens are skeptical about real reforms
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- A former hospital employee may have exposed hundreds , or even thousands , of surgical patients to hepatitis C after taking their fentanyl injections and replacing them with used syringes filled with saline solution , authorities say . A hospital worker has admitted to secretly injecting herself and using unclean syringes for patients . Kristen Diane Parker , who worked at Rose Medical Center in Denver , has admitted to secretly injecting herself in a bathroom and using unclean syringes as replacements for patients , investigators said . She had hepatitis C , which she believes she contracted through using heroin and sharing dirty needles while she lived in New Jersey in 2008 , authorities said . She was a surgical technician at Rose from October 2008 to April 2009 . Nine patients who had surgery there during that time have tested positive for hepatitis C. Investigators are looking into whether they contracted the virus from Parker . According to an affidavit filed by an investigator with the Food and Drug Administration , Rose Medical Center knew Parker tested positive for hepatitis C . She was counseled on how to limit her exposure to patients . Parker quit after she was found to be in an operating room where she was not allowed to be . She subsequently tested positive for fentanyl . Hospital officials then contacted the DEA . Parker is in federal custody facing three drug-related charges . If she is found to have done serious harm to a patient , she could face up to 20 years in prison . If a patient dies because of her actions , she could face life in prison . In a statement to police , Parker said , "  I ca n't take back what I did , but I will have to live with it for the rest of my life , and so does everyone else . " Her attorney could not be reached Friday . Rose Medical Center is contacting 4,700 patients who had surgery at Rose during the time Parker was employed there . However , hospital officials do not believe that many patients were exposed . "  We are taking a very conservative and cautious approach by contacting everyone who had surgery during this broad time period , " a statement on the hospital 's Web site said , adding , "  It is likely that most of the patients who receive letters will not have been exposed to hepatitis C. " An additional 1,200 patients may have been infected between May 4 , 2009 , and July 1 , 2009 , when Parker worked at Audubon Ambulatory Surgical Center in Colorado Springs . Audubon is also contacting patients . According to the Centers for Disease Control , hepatitis C is a contagious liver disease that can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer .	Kristen Diane Parker believes she contracted hepatitis C from sharing dirty needles She was a surgical technician in Denver from October 2008 to April 2009 Hepatitis C is a contagious liver disease that can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer
CNN  -- Forget the distracting cameo by David Petraeus . Despite its disjointed narrative , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " twisted me around so many times with its compelling story that I really enjoyed myself . Treyarch Studios set this new chapter of the popular first-person-shooter franchise in two time periods : the late 1980s and 2025 . They consulted with military experts who helped guide what the future technology of war should and should n't look like . The game 's single-player campaign staggers like a drunken New Year 's reveler between the past and the future . Missions hop from one time to another with little or no continuity between the actions . One mission will have you battling in Panama during the late '80s , and then the next takes you to a luxury resort in the Cayman Islands in the near future , with different characters and different weapons . The reason for this back-and-forth is nestled in the father/son storyline of the Mason family . Dad Alex is a Black Ops vet who is called back into active duty in 1986 to help the CIA with some missions in Africa and Latin America . In the future , son David is a Navy SEAL , leading a Joint Special Operations Command team . Linking the two is a terrorist known as Raul Menendez . He harbors great anger toward the West and capitalism in general . Players discover Menendez 's motivations through the past missions , which reveal how he plans his final revenge in the future . The backdrop for all this is the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union , and a new Cold War between the U.S. and China . The new tensions are spurred not by ideology but by a soon-to-be depleted resource known as rare earth minerals -- those materials used in nearly all our computer technology . Combat Combat is pretty typical for a first-person shooter game . Plenty of weapon choices and some destructible environments make for fast-paced , frenetic battle scenes . Some of the weapon effects are suspect though as shots to the head do not always kill their targets . The enemies are n't the brightest bulbs in the box and are predictable in their actions . There were times I cleared the area of bad guys , just to have another wave rush in before I could move forward . And then another one after that . Also , my adversaries did n't show much imagination when attacking , choosing the same pathways each time and the same prairie-dog tendency to pop up from behind cover so I could pick them off . There is little challenge to the larger combat scenes . More fun is the vehicle portion of combat . Using the nimble quad-copter drones in the sky and the mechanized CLAW  Cognitive Land Assault Weapon  on the ground brought new energy to the battles . During the Strike Force missions  these are side missions to the central campaign , but critical to the final outcome  , players can take over control of these devices , which offers a refreshing new perspective on the battlefield while dealing damage to the enemy . The Strike Force missions themselves are new to the franchise . They 're not directly part of the storyline , but how you perform in them will help shape the game 's ending sequence . Players are tasked to attack or defend different points on a battlefield , and can either do it at ground level , by taking over one of the combat units , or by directing all the troops from an overhead view . Failure is an option here , and if you do n't succeed with your squad allotments , you do n't get to try again . Story I found the storyline interesting . While most of the action occurs through the eyes of the Mason family , there were some instances when I got to see what was happening from another character 's perspective . This helped explain much of the reasoning behind characters ' actions . A Petraeus shows up briefly near the end of the game as the secretary of defense in 2025 , congratulating the team on a job well done .  Game publisher Activision , in a recent statement , said , "  Including Gen. Petraeus and other real-life figures was strictly a creative decision made many months ago when the storyline was drafted . " Other real-life people in the game include former Panamanian President Manuel Noriega and Lt. Col. Oliver North , the central figure from the 1987 Iran-Contra scandal . North did his own voice for the game and even acted an adviser . Historical footage from the 1980s and '90s features former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush . The game 's ending is simultaneously emotional and confusing . But your experience may vary . Key missions produce variable endings , depending on what you do and who survives . They all add up to a variety of endings for the main characters and add to the replay value if you are the kind of gamer who wants to see all the potential conclusions . Multiplayer modes If killing the undead is more your speed , "  Black Ops II " brought back the zombies from the previous game in a side-campaign fight for survival . This turned out to be more fun than I expected because of the bonus add-ons you can collect and the power-ups that turn your weapon into a more potent killing machine . The zombie voice acting is extremely funny . I do n't know if I 'd enjoy a full game of just zombies , but it does make a nice change of pace from all the realism of the regular combat . If you like multiplayer action , "  Black Ops II " gives you plenty of modes . You can choose your class , weapons and maps from many different combinations . Most matches contain up to 12 players , while some go as high as 18 . The action is clean and the intensity is high . At one point during my multiplayer session , there were more than 650,000 players online . You can also record your gameplay to view later and see what you did right and wrong . However , I should mention that some things -- such as my brutal ending to the game -- are not meant to be seen again . Overall , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " does n't break any new ground with its graphics or gameplay mechanics . But it does provide an emotionally intense single-player story , an enjoyably silly zombie mode and enough multiplayer modes for everyone to find a good game . Combined , that 's enough to keep gamers glued to their controllers for many nights to come . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " is available in North America ; it will be released in Europe and Australia on November 30 , and Japan on December 20 . It can be played on the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Windows PC . The game is rated M for mature due to blood and gore , intense violence , strong language , suggestive themes and use of drugs . This review was done with a provided Hardened Edition copy for the Xbox 360 .	"  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " is an exciting ride that should keep gamers riveted The popular franchise is set in two time periods : the late 1980s and 2025 Game is available in North America and will be released this month in Europe , Australia
CNN  -- Iranian authorities confiscated the 2003 Nobel Peace Prize given to human rights activist Shirin Ebadi , Norway said Thursday . "  The medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr. Ebadi 's bank box , together with other personal items . Such an act leaves us feeling shock and disbelief , " Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store said in a written statement . Norway did not explain how it had learned of the alleged confiscation , and there was no immediate reaction from Iran . Norway 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a written statement that it "  has reacted strongly " and summoned the Iranian charge d'affaires on Wednesday afternoon to protest the move . During the meeting with the Iranian charge d'affaires , State Secretary Gry Larsen also expressed "  grave concern " about how Ebadi 's husband has allegedly been treated . "  Earlier this autumn , he -LSB- Ebadi 's husband -RSB- was arrested in Tehran and severely beaten . His pension has been stopped and his bank account has been frozen , " the statement from Norway said . Store said in the statement that it marked the "  first time a Nobel Peace Prize has been confiscated by national authorities . " The peace prize is one of five awarded annually since 1901 by the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm , Sweden . The other four prizes are for physiology or medicine , physics , chemistry and literature . Starting in 1969 , the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel also has been awarded . While the other prizes are awarded by committees based in Sweden , the peace prize is determined by a five-member panel appointed by the Norwegian parliament . Ebadi received the prize for her focus on human rights , especially on the struggle to improve the status of women and children . A statement from the Nobel committee at the time said , "  As a lawyer , judge , lecturer , writer and activist , she has spoken out clearly and strongly in her country , Iran , and far beyond its borders . "	Shirin Ebadi received prize for focus on human rights , especially women and children Norway did not explain how it had learned of the alleged confiscation The medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr. Ebadi 's bank box , say officials
CNN  -- Around the world , media reaction to the Democrats ' victory has poured in , as newspapers and broadcasters reflect on the Barack Obama campaign and the global impact his win will have . A woman picks up a copy of a newspaper in Sydney , Australia The International Herald Tribune said that America had "  leaped " across the color line , calling Obama "  a 47-year-old black man who made history both because of his race and in spite of it . " The Times of London said Obama had revitalized U.S. politics . "  The immense turnout in yesterday 's election was testament to the energy , excitement and expectations of a rejuvenated American democracy , as well as the fears of a nation standing at a crossroads of history , " the paper said . It added that Obama 's inheritance would be challenging . "  The new president faces economic and social convulsions at home , conflict abroad . " Also in London , The Guardian focused on the historic nature of the Democrats ' win , saying : "  Victory in the end came as easily as the polls had predicted , " and comparing Obama 's achievement with Roosevelt 's of 1932 and Reagan 's of 1980 . In Germany , Der Spiegel 's Gregor Peter Schmitz , writing from Chicago , called Obama 's rise "  astonishing , " adding that his "  curious ability to remain untouched by all the razzmatazz around him is likely to prove a source of strength . " Al Jazeera said Obama had "  surfed to power on a wave of voter discontent generated by the failures of President George Bush and the Republican Party " and added that he faces "  unique challenges . " It continued that he must "  act quickly " to restore confidence in the economy and with his country "  sick of war " is "  unlikely to make any additional major overseas military commitments . " The Jerusalem Post said that the transition in Middle Eastern policy from the Bush administration to Obama 's would be " ` evolutionary , not revolutionary , ' according to diplomatic assessments in Jerusalem . " Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz called the U.S. election an "  example of democracy at its best , " citing Americans ' "  plethora of opportunities " to learn about the candidates ' policies and stance on key issues . It also paid tribute to Obama 's unifying influence , saying , "  Whites and blacks , Jews and Muslims , all decided to give their votes to a candidate who is young , black and lacking in governmental experience , " and expressed its hope that the President-elect would "  rehabilitate the status of a superpower that remains unrivaled in its influence over the peace and welfare of all humanity . " Jordan 's English daily , The Jordan Times , wrote an article entitled : "  The American leader we need , " in which the writer said : "  Around the world , America 's presidential election campaign has attracted as much attention as domestic political controversies in each of our own countries . The interest the world has taken in America 's vote is the best example of America 's soft power , and a lesson in democracy from the world 's only superpower . If only we could all vote as well as watch and listen , because the outcome is vital for everyone around the world . " UAE Arabic daily , Al Khaleej considered in its editorial that "  whoever is the winner , Israel had guaranteed that the White House will be biased to her . " In Tunisia , the Arabic daily Al Chourouk said : "  Today America elects "  The President of the World . " China Daily wished Obama well , saying that although it was elated at his landslide win , he faced "  daunting challenges . " It cited the economic crisis and the Iraq war as the driving factors behind the Democrats ' victory , adding : "  We have every reason to anticipate a more cooperative and talk-savvy new America . " And The Asia Times heralded the "  End of a subprime era , " calling the Bush administration "  classic American salesmen " for whom "  selling was their passion . " The Times of India called Obama an "  advocate of strong partnership with India , " saying the President-elect had "  made it clear India poses no threat to Pakistan . " But it also expressed concern about Obama 's references to discouraging outsourcing , a policy it says would have an adverse effect on India . The Kenya Times said Kenyans were "  exuberant " and called Obama "  the foremost blaze-trailing son of this land , " adding that " -LSB- he -RSB- has convincingly shown that the world could be better through diplomacy than intimidation and arm-twisting tactics . " Japanese news agency Kyodo said Obama 's task to repair the economy was "  daunting , " saying the American sub-prime meltdown had "  sent global financial markets into a tailspin . " In Russia , Pravda was ecstatic , announcing that "  Eight years of hell are over . " It proceeded to catalog George W. Bush 's perceived failures and slights against Russia and criticized the cost of the "  grand American soap opera " during a time of economic crisis . Over in Australia , the Sydney Morning Herald paid tribute to the Obama campaign , calling it a "  stunning grassroots political movement , powered by massive multi-million dollar fundraising . " It said his "  stunning ascent " to the leadership of a nation "  still riven by racial divides " would close an "  eight-year era of turbulence under Bush . "	Global media heralds the end of the Bush administration and the dawn of a new age China Daily hopes for a "  more cooperative and talk-savvy new America " Times of India expresses concern that Obama will discourage outsourcing Russia 's Pravda is ecstatic as "  Eight years of hell are over "
New York  CNN  -- In the mid-March chill , the victims and their stories continued to emerge as firefighters ferreted through the piles of bricks and wreckage on the East Harlem block where a powerful explosion and fire leveled two buildings . They brought life to a bustling neighborhood of corner bodegas , botanicas , churches , shops and redbrick tenements whose ordinary rhythms were shattered after the Wednesday morning blast killed at least eight and injured dozens more . They hailed from Greece , Mexico , Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic . The eighth body was recovered Thursday night , a fire department spokesman said . Among the victims was Alexis  Jordy  Salas , 22 , an aspiring lawyer who checked on an elderly neighbor and member of his church -- who was also killed -- when the odor of gas filled corridors of their building the night before the blast , said his wife , Jennifer Salas . "  He knocked on our neighbor 's door and when she did n't answer , he was worried , " Jennifer Salas said Friday . "  Finally , she answered the door and said she was OK . " Jennifer Salas , a 20-year-old college student who is six-months pregnant , said her husband was sleeping when she left for school Wednesday morning . The gas odor lingered in the corridors . "  It was n't as strong , but maybe I just got used to it , " she said . Her husband , she said , studied at John Jay College of Criminal Justice and taught Sunday school at the store-front evangelical church on the ground floor of the now-destroyed apartment building where they lived . "  He liked going to church , studying , watching the news and knowing what was happening in the world , " she said . "  He cared about his neighbors . " Another victim was the Salas ' next-door neighbor , Carmen Tanco , a 67-year-old dental hygienist who relatives tried desperately to reach by cellphone . "  She 's sassy , spicy , which is why her and I are so close , " her niece , Marisela Frias , 44 , said before learning her aunt had died . "  We have the same temperament , character . We tell it like it is , tell you the truth , whether you want to hear it or not . What you see is what you get . " Griselde Camacho , 44 , who also died in the blast , was a public safety officer at the Hunter College Silberman School of Social Work in East Harlem , the school 's website said . "  Griselde was a well-liked member of our community , a respected officer and a welcoming presence at our Silberman building , " said Jennifer J. Raab , the college president . "  Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , and we are committed to doing everything we can to support them in their time of great emotional need . We also know this is a difficult time for all those who knew and worked with Sergeant Camacho . All of you will be in our thoughts in the days ahead . " Camacho and Tanco were remembered by Carlton Brown , bishop of Bethel Gospel Assembly , on the church 's Facebook page . "  Our hearts are heavy as we will truly miss these two beautiful women , " Brown wrote . "  Many of us share fond memories on how they have blessed our lives with their warm smiles and caring natures . They were both faithful volunteers . " Rosaura Hernandez , 21 , who also perished in the explosion , was a line cook at Triomphe Restaurant , general manager Robert Holmes said . "  We liked her enthusiasm and raw talent , " Holmes said . "  It 's a terrible loss . My staff has taken it hard . ... She was solid as a rock , never got flustered . She was calm , even-tempered . One of our line cooks was quite close with her . When he heard she was missing , he said , ` Can I go find Rosie ? I got ta look for her . ' I said , of course . It 's a terrible tragedy . " Another victim was Andreas Panagopoulos , 43 . He was a musician and agent for a creative agency who was married to an editor at the Spanish-language daily El Diario La Prensa . "  We knew him as a very warm and funny person , who was always ready to help , " Neska Husar , a representative of Production Paradise , said in a statement . "  We will also remember him by his great sense of humor , eloquence and elaborate e-mails -- he always took his time to explain his thoughts and work process . " Other victims include George Ameado , 44 and Rosaura Barrios , 44 . One fatal victim remains unidentified . On Friday , former President Bill Clinton , whose foundation still has offices in Harlem , toured the blast site . City officials said they were making temporary housing available for the displaced . Mayor Bill de Blasio said 66 people , including 14 families with children , had received temporary shelter . Though authorities have said a gas leak may have triggered the explosion , de Blasio told reporters Thursday that the official cause was under investigation . "  We know there was an explosion , " he said , "  but we do n't know everything about the lead-up to it . " Desperate search for survivors Near 116th Street and Park Avenue , once the heart of New York 's large Puerto Rican community , firefighters -- for days -- have been tearing at mounds of bricks in a search for survivors from the collapsed five-story buildings , which housed a piano store and an evangelical church , in addition to apartments . The fire department tweeted Firday that 60 % to 70 % of the debris has been removed , enabling federal investigators to start their probe of the gas blast . On Thursday , Con Edison officials said the utility received a call reporting a gas leak around 9:13 a.m. Wednesday from a resident at one of the newer buildings on Park Avenue . The utility dispatched a truck two minutes later , but it arrived after the explosion . The caller reported smelling gas the night before but did not call the utility at the time . Two gas repairs were made on the block in January 2011 and May 2013 following complaints of a gas odor , Con Ed CEO John McAvoy said . The utility looked back at 10 years of checks and repairs on the gas main on the block and found no "  historical condition , " he said . In addition , Con Ed checks for leaks in the area on February 10 and February 28 detected no problems . Fire officials said they received no reports of gas leaks in the area in the last month , while police reported receiving no calls since 2010 . Fire marshals , police arson investigators and the National Transportation Safety Board -- which probes gas explosions -- worked to determine the cause of the explosion . "  In one word , devastating , " was how Robert Sumwalt of the NTSB described the scene Thursday afternoon . He called it an "  active search and rescue operation . " "  You have , basically , two five-story buildings reduced to essentially a three-story pile of bricks and twisted metal . " Sumwalt said the agency was "  operating under the assumption that a natural gas leak led to an explosion , " but that his team of investigators had not yet examined the crater where the buildings once stood . Some wreckage was still smoldering Thursday , with the fire whipped by the cold wind , de Blasio said . "  Our biggest concern now is the free-standing wall in the back , " Edward Kilduff , fire chief of department , told the mayor during a tour of the site Thursday . "  That was a little more solid last night , but it burned overnight . " Surreal scene of destruction The massive explosion shook Manhattan 's East Harlem section around 9:30 a.m. Wednesday . Colin Patterson said he was watching TV when a thunderous blast suddenly sent pianos hurling through the air in the shop where he works . "  They flew off the ground , " said the piano technician , who also lives in the building in East Harlem . He told CNN affiliate WABC that he crawled through the rubble and managed to escape unharmed . A building department official said one of the two Park Avenue buildings that collapsed received a city permit last year for the installation of 120 feet of gas piping . The work was completed last June . In 2008 , owners of the adjacent building , which also collapsed , were fined for failing to maintain vertical cracks in the rear of the building . The condition was not reported as corrected to the buildings department . There were a total of 15 units in the two buildings , officials said . Building department records detailed a litany of violations , dating back decades , for one of the collapsed buildings , including a lack of smoke detectors , blocked fire escapes and faulty light fixtures . The mayor told reporters that the report of the gas leak , which he said came about 15 minutes before the explosion , was "  the only indication of danger . " Blast shook Manhattan for blocks Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano said responding firefighters barely missed the blast . "  If we were here five minutes earlier we may have had some fatalities among firefighters , " he said . "  Not being here may have saved some lives . " Once a predominantly Italian neighborhood , the stretch of East Harlem saw a large influx of Puerto Ricans in the 1950s . It went on to be called Spanish Harlem and El Barrio . In the 1990s , many Mexican immigrants began to move into the area , which has been gentrified in recent years , with many mom-and-pop shops replaced by restaurants and bars . CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Rose Arce , Eden Pontz , Don Lemon , John Berman , Ashleigh Banfield , Adam Reiss , Stephany Byrne , Haley Draznin , Laura Ly , Shimon Prokupecz , Brian Vitagliano , Julia Lull , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Steve Kastenbaum , Elizabeth Landers , Susan Candiotti , Haimy Assefa , Chris Boyette , Kevin Conlon , Julie Cannold and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : An eighth body is recovered , says a fire spokesman Police identify another victim , Andreas Panagopoulos "  In one word , devastating , " is how NTSB investigator describes scene At least one person is unaccounted for , police say
CNN  -- Unprotected sexual behavior among men who have sex with men has risen steadily since 2005 , according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control , released just before World AIDS Day . The data , drawn from the National HIV Health Behavior Surveillance System , indicated a rise in unprotected anal intercourse by 20 % in a one-year period and were seen by some as a call to arms . Does this mean gay men are no longer worried about HIV ? Many health commissioners and policy-makers on both the local and national levels , old-school activists , fellow academics and researchers and reporters used these data to augment their argument that HIV is no longer an issue of concern for gay men , whose primary route of transmission is unprotected anal sex . It has been suggested that gay men , especially young gay men , no longer fear contracting the disease , that AIDS is perceived as an easily managed chronic condition and that infection holds little consequence for those newly diagnosed . And then the "  blame game " begins , which does nothing to help deal with the issue . Interactive : World AIDS Day 2013 The reality is that some of my peers and members of my own generation , the AIDS Generation -- those of us who lived through the most dismal and darkest moments of AIDS epidemic in the 1980s and 1990s , prior to the implementation of effective therapies in 1996 -- also expressed similar horror when I interviewed them for my book last year . In fact , this very issue -- that of finger-pointing and assignment of blame and shame to gay men -- came through very clearly in the voices of the men during the course of our conversations and interviews . What came across from most of these 15 men reflected many emotions including concern , confusion and anger . But mostly what was obvious was a voice of disbelief among these men who became infected at time when we knew little about HIV/AIDS and who find it unfathomable that young gay men would place themselves at risk , given all that we know about the disease and its transmission three decades later . I often pushed back in these interviews to help these older men , the elder statesmen of the gay population , develop some more compassion about the lives and experiences of young gay men . For the past decade , I have been undertaking bio-behavioral studies of risk and resilience with young and emerging adult gay men . These studies include assessments of sexual behaviors and HIV testing . More than 30 years on , slow-motion AIDS catastrophe continues And what is clear to me and my team at the Center for Health , Identity , Behavior and Prevention Studies is this : The notion that young men do not fear HIV nor are worried about HIV is a myth that needs to be dispelled . It undermines the lives and struggles of a new generation of gay men trying to make their places in the world and coming of age in this , the fourth decade of AIDS . It is obvious that the AIDS epidemic of my generation -- the loss and confusion and devastation that we witnessed for some two decades -- is not the same AIDS epidemic for new generation of young gay men . And for that I am eternally grateful . I am relieved that these young men will not have to experience the loss and death and trauma that we experienced , I am comforted in the fact that there are effective treatments available to help maintain their infection , and I am joyful every time another state enacts marriage equality , which puts our loving relationships on equal footing with heterosexual couples . The current state of affairs just makes the lives of a new generation of gay men different from those of the AIDS Generation , and we should celebrate that -- not let our anger , and the trauma and grief created by our own experiences , tarnish the progress we have made . But mostly , I am not in any position to judge the choices these men make about their sexual behaviors . The truth is that HIV is no longer a death sentence , and to expect a new generation of gay men to perceive it in that manner is unreasonable , unwarranted and unrealistic and seems to be dictated by anger on the part of some that HIV is no longer front and center in the minds of many young gay men -- or older gay men , either . Bill Gates : Where to put the smart money to end AIDS The disease may not be front and center -- it may not be the primary presenting problem faced by young gay men , as it was for me at age 18 in 1981 -- but it is a concern . However , it 's a concern that must be spoken about and dealt with differently for this "  new " AIDS generation . In the end , a major tool we have in our arsenal in the fight against HIV rests in our own experiences . The artificial divide that exists between my generation , the AIDS Generation , and new generation of gay men must be bridged . As we emerge into these later stages of life , perhaps battle-scarred from 30 years of living through the AIDS crisis , we also have an obligation to act as mentors to a new generation of young gay men and share our stories of survival and resilience , as we learned from the generation that preceded us and lived through the Stonewall Riots and the onset of gay liberation . If we want to truly protect young gay men from HIV , we must share our life experiences and struggles openly and honesty , and we must release our judgments and biases about their lives and loves in a new and very different culture and world . Together , as one group , older and young , positive and negative , we can battle the true enemy : the virus that has plagued us for way too long . Opinion : Wrong time to reverse course on HIV/AIDS The opinions expressed are solely those of Perry Halkitis .	A new report shows that unprotected sex between men is on the rise Some have surmised younger gay men are n't concerned about HIV An "  artificial divide " between generations must be bridged , Perry Halkitis says
CNN  -- Can crowdfunding help an iconic team return to the Formula One grid after a 20-year hiatus ? That 's the aim for the family of the late three-time world champion Sir Jack Brabham , whose eponymous team still roars with resonance through motorsport history . In 1966 , the Australian conjured a unique feat in F1 history when , at the age of 40 , he became the only man to win the driver and team world titles with a car of his own make . All in all , the Brabham team engineered two constructor titles and four driver crowns -- with Brabham in 1967 , Denny Hulme in 1968 and Nelson Piquet in 1981 and 1983 -- and was owned by F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone for much of the 1970s and 1980s . Inspired by Sir Jack 's ingenuity and get-up-and-go attitude , his family have now launched Project Brabham . Its first aim is simple -- to bring the famous marque back to motorsport for the first time since 1992 with the help of its fans . "  Brabham sits alongside Ferrari , McLaren and Lotus because of what dad achieved , " David Brabham , Sir Jack 's youngest son , tells CNN . "  If you look at the history and heritage and what it means to people , a Brabham should really be out there -- racing is in our DNA . " Project Brabham is relying on this affection for the Brabham brand as it seeks to raise an initial $ 400,000 through crowdfunding . Donations start at just $ 1.60 and climb to $ 16,000 for a VIP experience , which includes a one-on-one on-track driving lesson from former F1 racer David . "  Crowdfunding is definitely a new and exciting way of generating funds " he says . "  It gives us the seed money to get the project up and running but it also gives people an avenue to start being involved in the team . " Crowdfunding makes it easier for smaller companies and start-ups to raise capital by reaching potential new investors via online platforms . A quick cash injection would be a lifeline for struggling F1 teams Caterham and Marussia . It was reported at the weekend that both teams will not race in the upcoming U.S. and Brazilian Grand Prix because of a lack of funds . Could crowdfunding be the answer to ensuring independent race teams -- which operate without the financial clout of major brands such as Mercedes , Ferrari and Red Bull -- stay on the grid ? "  F1 teams spend a hell of a lot of money trying to succeed and we know there are a lot of teams in trouble financially just trying to survive , " says Brabham . "  I think that 's more to do with the model and how they go about their business in that environment . You have to make sure that the model you 're selling is sustainable . "  Project Brabham is using a different model because if we went down the same road as everyone else we 'd have the same problems . "  We 've already got commercial partners coming to talk to us because they can see the benefits of this different model . " Radical ideas Project Brabham also aims to give as well as receive . The second radical ethos of the scheme is to lay bare the workings of a race team for the benefit of fans and future motorsport professionals alike . "  Do you start up a race team like everyone else or do you go racing in a different way and show what we 're doing and how we 're doing it ? " asks Brabham . "  We 're setting out to give the fans access as well as educating drivers and engineers because you learn so much in this environment . "  It opens up any sort of problems that people have , instead of hiding stuff . I 've been involved in teams where a lot of politics has got in the way of success . "  Being open and transparent does n't exist -LSB- in motorsport -RSB- but I think it will give us an advantage . "  We 're already communicating with our followers , we are already asking them , ` what do you think about this , what do you think about that . ' "  We want to hear what they 've got to say and they already feel like they are part of the team development . " The first phase of Project Brabham is to raise enough capital to run a Brabham team in the World Endurance Championship for sports cars in 2015 . The crowdfunding target is set at an initial $ 400,000 but for Brabham to find a factory and buy its first car it has a more realistic goal of $ 4 million in mind . A return to F1 -- where teams can spend $ 1 million a day -- for Brabham after a 22-year hiatus may seem like a pipedream , but not for the determined Brabham family . "  Our ultimate goal is to get the Brabham name back in Formula One , " David explains . "  It 's in our DNA and it 's where Brabham really should be , but it 's one step at a time . "  Our model would n't work in F1 in an open and transparent way now , but 10 years down the road it could be a completely different story and , if it is , we want to be back in F1 . " A new generation It is not only the Brabham team that could be back on the grid -- Sir Jack 's 20-year-old grandsons Sam and Matthew are also out to put the famous Brabham name back in the driving seat . Matthew is the 2013 champion in the North American Star Mazda open-wheeled championship and a reserve driver for 1978 F1 champion Mario Andretti 's team in the Formula E championship , while Sam races in Formula Ford in the UK . "  We have n't raced each other , " says Matthew of the pair 's budding rivalry . "  But whether it be putting pillow cases on pillows or playing basketball , I always try and beat him . I ca n't lose to him ! " Sam agrees , adding : "  Yeah , competition runs in the family at absolutely anything ! " But do the third generation of Brabham racers -- who are following their fathers , uncle and grandfather onto the racetrack -- feel any pressure ? "  It 's more of an honor and something I take pride in , " says Sam . Matthew adds : "  If anything maybe there 's less pressure as our family understand how racing works and how much pressure drivers put on themselves . "  Maybe there is pressure from the family name and trying to live up to expectations but I just see my grandfather as my grandfather and my dad as my dad , so I do n't see it that way . " With the ambitions of Project Brabham and a third generation of racing talent , is there a chance we could one day see a Brabham racing a Brabham in F1 ? "  The goal is to eventually have Brabham back in Formula One , " says Sam with a smile . "  I think that would be massive , I think people would take to it -- and we 've got two drivers here who would n't mind doing it as well ! "	Project Brabham aims to bring back the Brabham team to motorsport The project is relying on crowdfunding to raise the money needed Former F1 world champion Sir Jack Brabham founded the Brabham team
3-D television was heralded as the breakthrough technology of the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show . Hot on the heels of James Cameron 's eye-opening Avatar , 3-D HDTVs were everywhere on the show floor . One year later , at CES 2011 , 3-D was back again -- this time iterating . We saw bigger 3D HDTVs , 3-D displays that did n't require special glasses , and camcorders that captured 3-D content . But where is 3-D now ? It 's certainly not showing up big on our CES 2012 radar , and now looks like over-hyped technology in hindsight -- especially to those of us who always thought 3-D 's natural home was in the movie theater , not the living room . Indeed , a variety of obstacles -- high prices , a lack of 3-D content , and uncomfortable viewing experiences -- have kept 3-D TV adoption in the single digits nationwide . Manufacturers and content providers are working to address these issues , but one has to wonder if 3-D was nothing but a flash in the CES pan -- a technology story rather than anything consumers actually wanted . In 2010 , consumers purchased a paltry 1.1 million 3-D TV units , and although sales have grown in the two years since , the widespread 3-D fervor that TV manufacturers were anticipating never took root . According to a January Display Search report , just more than 23 million 3-D TVs were shipped in 2011 worldwide , with only 3.6 million shipped in the U.S. Display Search analyst Paul Gagnon says that U.S. household penetration for 3-D TVs is at about 3 % . "  To be fair , 3-D TVs have only been available for sale in a significant way for about 18 months , so that 's why the penetration is so low , " Gagnon says . "  That said , it 's still lower than what many in the industry had hoped for . " Markets like China and western Europe are seeing far more enthusiasm for 3-D TV than in North America , but worldwide adoption is still likely less than 2 % . So what 's to blame ? The content , for one . "  We have disappointed our audience multiple times now , and because of that I think there is genuine distrust -- whereas a year and a half ago , there was genuine excitement , enthusiasm and reward for the first group of 3-D films that actually delivered a quality experience , " Dreamworks animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg said in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter . After "  Avatar , " a string of unsuccessful , rushed-to-market 3-D flicks -- we 're looking at you , "  Clash of the Titans " -- zoomed to theaters hoping to cash in on the craze . Moviegoers were left with a bad taste in their mouths  and oftentimes headaches , too , as 3-D viewing can cause eyestrain  . Since then , better-quality 3-D films like "  Tron : Legacy , " and , more recently , "  Tin Tin " and "  Hugo , " have tried to improve 3-D 's image . Meanwhile , small-screen content providers have branched out to provide live and on-demand 3-D offerings . Currently , there are 55 3-D channels worldwide , including ESPN 3-D . Another 35 channels offer 3-D content on-demand . If content and a disillusioned audience are the biggest problem , that 's bad news for manufacturers : They have zero control over the content side of the equation . To this end , 3-D TV manufacturers are doing whatever they can to make the 3-D viewing experience as pleasing and trouble-free as possible . This includes doing away with uncomfortable , unattractive 3-D glasses , which have also been cited in studies as barriers to consumer adoption . LG , for one , has announced it 's making 3-D glasses that are lighter and more stylish . But even handsome 3-D specs ca n't mitigate the headaches and fatigue suffered by some viewers of 3-D content , or the high prices of 3-D TVs . So , yes , 3-D TVs are expensive . And they can cause headaches . And they are n't supported by a lot of quality content . All of which begs the question : Who 's buying these things at all ? The existing sales , however paltry , can be attributed to consumer desire to purchase high-end TVs . Consumers do n't really want 3-D specifically , but if they want that priciest , top-of-the-line unit , they 'll receive 3-D capability whether they like it or not . "  Sometimes consumers are even unaware -LSB- that they 're getting a 3-D set -RSB- at the time of purchase , " Futuresource Consulting 's Fiona Hoy said . Whatever the reason for purchase , the most recent studies indicate consumers are slowly warming up to 3-D . An October report from the Digital Entertainment Group found that the majority of 3-D TV owners say the experience is positive : 88 % of those surveyed rated 3-D picture quality positively , and 85 % of those 3-D TV owners prefer to watch more than half of their programming in 3-D . As prices come down , more content becomes available , and 3-D glasses improve  or are replaced by glasses-free technology  , 3-D TV adoption will only increase . Whether we reach the near 50 % adoption rates that have been projected for 2014 and 2015 is yet to be seen . But whether you like it or not , 3-D does not appear to be in its death throes just yet . Yes , we 'll see new 3-D displays and accessories at CES next week , but you can rest assured the manufacturers ' over-reaching hype campaigns are over .	3-D television now looks like over-hyped technology in hindsight 23 million 3-D TVs were shipped in 2011 worldwide , only 3.6 million shipped in U.S U.S. household penetration for 3-D TVs is at about 3 %
CNN  -- The FBI is investigating letters containing a white powder that were mailed to at least seven federal offices in the states of Washington and Idaho , FBI representatives said Monday . "  We are involved , " the FBI 's Fred Gutt said in Seattle , Washington , adding that agents were "  still on the scene of all of them . " Gutt said letters had been received at the downtown federal building in Seattle , the FBI office at the Rockpointe Building in Spokane , and IRS offices in Bellevue . FBI spokeswoman Debbie Dujanovic Bertram in Salt Lake City , Utah , said similar letters had been found in Idaho at the U.S. attorney 's office and the FBI office in Coeur d'Alene , at the FBI office in Pocatello and the U.S. Attorney 's office in Boise . Bertram said field tests indicated the substances were not toxic , but samples were sent back to labs for further testing . In Bellevue , the four-story IRS building was evacuated when an employee opened a letter and the white powder "  poofed out , " Bellevue Police spokeswoman Carla Iafrate said . The building will remain empty until authorities identify the powder , she said . A state laboratory will conduct those tests , she said . In Boise , the police department issued a statement saying the powder was found in an envelope mailed to the U.S. attorney 's office . The Boise Fire Department evacuated only that office in the building , and allowed the employees back in when tests determined the substance was not a threat .	NEW : At least seven buildings received letters with white powder , FBI says NEW : Three in Washington , four in Idaho Bellevue , Washington , IRS evacuated while state lab tests substance U.S. attorney 's office in Boise , Idaho , cleared
CNN  -- Despite their public handshake on Monday it appears there is still some way to go before Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia bury the hatchet . A long-running spat between the two golfers resurfaced after they shared a contentious round together at The Players ' Championship in May . After several verbal volleys in either direction , Garcia 's joke that he would invite Woods round for "  fried chicken " during the U.S Open led to an immediate and unreserved apology from the Spaniard , who denied it was racially motivated . A statement from the world No. 1 on social networking site Twitter called the remarks "  wrong , hurtful and clearly inappropriate . " Woods also said that he was sure there was "  real regret " on the part of Garcia and that it was time to move on . Inevitably , the issue resurfaced as both players prepared to come face-to-face ahead of the second major of the year at Merion in Philadelphia . The pair greeted each other on the practice range but the world No. 1 told a press conference on Tuesday there had been no time for a formal apology . Asked if they had discussed Garcia 's comments Woods replied : "  No , we did n't discuss anything . Just came up and said ` hi ' and that was it . " Woods was pressed by reporters as to whether the Spaniard had offered him any form of apology but he said : "  No , we have n't had time for that . "  It 's already done . We 've already gone through it all . It 's time for the U.S. Open and we tee it up in two days . " Garcia told a press conference he had hoped to meet Woods after their practice rounds on Monday but that the 14-time major winner had gone by the time he had finished . "  Obviously we saw each other yesterday on the range , " Garcia said . "  I was hoping to meet him after the round , but he was gone after the round . "  And this morning I was here early . I did n't see him around . Obviously he got here later on . But I did leave him a note . A handwritten note . And hopefully he can take a look at it . "  I understand that it 's difficult to meet up and stuff . So hopefully we 'll be able to do it . If not , at least he has read the note and he 's happy with that . " The duo have been at loggerheads since an acrimonious round during the penultimate day of The Players ' Championship in May . Garcia claimed he had been disrupted during one of his shots after the gallery following Woods cheered as the 37-year-old pulled a club out of his bag that signaled his intention to go for the green despite being in the rough . The Spaniard sliced his shot and made a bogey that saw him relinquish the one-shot lead he held at the time . Woods went on to win the tournament with late errors seeing his rival slip down the leaderboard . Their row rumbled on for a few more weeks until Garcia was asked at a European Tour event whether he would be inviting Woods round for dinner during the U.S. Open . Garcia replied : "  We 'll be having him round every night ... and serving him fried chicken . " Fried chicken is a common food in the American South , but when used in references to African-Americans , it often implies a negative stereotype . Garcia apologized and later said in an interview with Sky Sports : "  Obviously it was an unfortunate comment from me . I did n't mean it in a bad way . Everyone knows I 'm not racist at all . " It remains to be seen what reception Garcia is afforded when bumper crowds hit Merion for the start of the tournament on Thursday . Former European Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie , who has been targeted several times by American spectators , said Garcia could face a rough ride from the galleries . He was quoted by The Scotsman newspaper as saying : "  Yes , he could do , which is very sad for our game . Remember we 're only a couple of hours from New York and it 's a lively crowd and I think he could well be booed . "  You would feel for him , but the trouble is -LSB- if -RSB- you feel for him that 's you condoning it . So you ca n't feel sorry for him because you 're condoning it . So it 's very difficult -- it 's a very difficult situation to be in . " Garcia has been paired with Stewart Cink and Padraig Harrington -- both major winners -- for his first two rounds , while Woods plays with 2011 U.S. Open winner Rory McIlroy and Adam Scott , this year 's Masters champion . This week will mark five years since Woods last won a major -- his 14th -- at Torrey Pines in 2008 . He has since gone 20 without victory .	Tiger Woods says there has n't been time for a clear-the-air talk with Sergio Garcia Garcia said he 'd apologize face-to-face for ` fried chicken ' comment he made about Woods The pair were pictured shaking hands on Monday but have n't met again Garcia reveals he left a note for Woods in his locker at Merion
CNN  -- Manti Te'o 's Twitter bio reads : "  Life is a storm . . You will bask in the sunlight one moment , be shattered on the rocks the next . What makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes . " Well , as we all know now , that storm has most definitely come . Time to man up . Let 's get started , shall we ? Mobile users : If you 're unable to see the Storify below , click here . .	Notre Dame player Manti Te'o says he is the victim of an online hoax New reports suggest Te'o 's alleged girfriend may not have existed Comments , jokes and memes emerge from all corners of social media
CNN  -- This World Cup is no protector of reputations . Nor is it anything other than steadfast in its refusal to reveal any clear favorite to hoist the 20th incarnation of football 's prime feast . Argentina certainly counts as one of a pool of nations capable of capturing glory , but its performances so far have shown a worrying brittleness . Still , it just keeps on winning and can now look forward to a last eight clash with either the United States or Belgium . The latest side to come close to toppling La Albiceleste was Switzerland , but just like Bosnia and Herzegovina , Iran and Nigeria before them , one moment of magic was all that separated the two in Tuesday 's penultimate last-16 clash . With the contest a matter of seconds away from penalties , the decisive blow was conjured between two men who operate at opposite ends of Spain 's fiercest rivalry . Lionel Messi , of Barcelona , drove deep into Swiss territory and swept the ball wide for Real Madrid 's Angel Di Maria , who stroked confidently into the corner . Yet there was still more agony for Switzerland to endure . With even its goalkeeper playing as a striker , a point-blank header from Blerim Dzemaili crashed against the post before squirming wide in the 122nd minute . Argentina 's fevered reaction upon the final whistle underscored a palpable sense of relief that its bandwagon continues to edge closer to a first triumph since 1986 . "  I was nervous towards the end because we could n't score and any mistake could have knocked us out , " Argentina captain Messi told a press conference . "  The minutes were passing by and we did n't want the match to go to penalties . We were suffering , but we had a special play , I passed to Angel and now we can celebrate . " With Switzerland keen to limit any slice of space for Argentina 's array of attacking talent to operate in , the opening stages of the game in Sao Paulo were predictably tight . There was a glimpse of goal for Messi a little under the quarter hour mark but his stabbed cross-shot was pocketed by Swiss goalkeeper Diego Benaglio . Once the contest had settled into a pattern , Argentina 's failure to engage an powerful offensive arsenal afforded Switzerland a growing confidence which reflected in its play . The game 's first gilt-edged opening arrived on 28 minutes , and it was one carved out by two players who operate in Germany 's Bundesliga . Bayern Munich star Xherdan Shaqiri found midfielder Granit Xhaka , who plays for Borussia MÃ ¶ nchengladbach , with a pullback but his low , powerful drive was repelled by Sergio Romero . Paris Saint-Germain star Ezequiel Lavezzi tested Benaglio from striker Gonzalo Higuain 's knockdown as Argentina looked to reassert its dominance . Shaqiri was again the provider when a sharp counter attack released Josip Drmic in on goal . With Romero caught in two minds whether to hunt down the through ball , the Bayer Leverkusen striker looked to take advantage with a chip but got the execution horribly wrong . Argentina 's stopper continued to look uncertain after the interval as he spilled a Shaqiri free kick from range and had to scramble to prevent the ball from escaping his penalty area . As the hour mark loomed Argentina rediscovered a glimmer of its attacking brio , with Switzerland forced to retreat further and further towards its own goal . As red-shirted legs became heavy La Albiceleste pressed for the breakthrough and Benaglio was prompted into action when Marcos Rojo 's attempted cross crept towards the net . Higuain then rose highest to power a header towards goal but Benaglio was alert to acrobatically divert the Napoli striker 's effort over the bar . Perhaps inspired by the goal of the tournament so far -- James Rodriguez 's explosive volley in Colombia 's last-16 win over Uruguay -- Messi attempted his own , firing narrowly over the bar . It looked as though Messi 's moment had arrived on 78 minutes as he picked up the ball on the edge of the box and jinked onto his wand of a left foot . But just as the thousands of Argentina fans inside the stadium prepared to hail their saviour once more , Benaglio flung out his right hand to make a superb save and ensure the game remained goalless . As Algeria had done the previous evening , Switzerland burrowed away with the prospect of an extra half an hour the prize at the end of a long , weary tunnel . And despite a few nervous moments , when the right weight of pass or split second decision could have fashioned a late winner , the Swiss saw it through to the end of 90 minutes . The extra half hour continued in the same vain , the Swiss content to soak up pressure in a congested final third and look for counter attacking opportunities . Benaglio was called upon to save from a glancing header from Rodrigo Palacio while Messi was lucky to escape a booking after a tangle with Valon Behrami . Di Maria , who enjoyed such a stellar end of season with European Champions League winners Real Madrid , cut a profligate figure through the game , but tested Benaglio with a stinging drive from range . And his big moment would arrive , as so many of Argentina 's have , via the boots of Messi . The three-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner drove towards a flagging Swiss defense before offloading to Di Maria , whose precise finish back across Benaglio found the far corner . That sparked delirium among the hordes of traveling Argentina fans but its side 's leaky rearguard almost offered up another twist in the game 's dying stages . With Benaglio installed as center forward , a succession of crosses flowed into Argentina 's penalty area . From one , midfielder Blerim Dzemaili found himself unmarked and five yards from goal when the ball arrived at his eye level . But his header cannoned off the post with Romero stranded and struck him once more , only for the ball to trickle wide of the upright . Shaqiri then won a free kick right on the edge of the penalty area as nerves at both ends shredded yet further , but once the wall had repelled his effort the final whistle sounded . Coach Alejandro Sabella stuck to the classic football adage of taking one game at a time . "  Our dream is only to work for the next match and try to move onto the semifinals , " he said . "  We do not look beyond that . To do so would be a mistake as we have already seen good teams like Spain , Uruguay , Italy and England have gone out . " Argentina limps on , but winning ugly wo n't matter a jot to its players or fans should a first World Cup in 24 years result from it .	Angel Di Maria strikes deep in extra time as Argentina defeat Switzerland 1-0 The Real Madrid star scores from Lionel Messi 's cute through ball Argentina were far from their best but continue to march on in Brazil They will meet the United States or Brazil in the quarterfinal
CNN  -- Young French sprinter Christophe Lemaitre confirmed his growing reputation as a track star with a confident 100-meters victory at the European Athletics Championships in Barcelona on Wednesday night . The 20-year-old , the first white man to break 10 seconds at the distance , timed his run to perfection as his main rival Dwain Chambers of Britain missed out on a medal in a tight finish . Lemaitre came home in a winning time of 10.11 seconds to take the gold , with Chambers ' teammate Mark Lewis-Francis handed silver in a four-man photo finish from Martial Mbandjock , another Frenchman . Lewis-Francis , Mbandjock , Chambers and defending champion Francis Obikwelu all clocked 10.18 . "  I gave it everything I had , it was a very good race , " Lemaitre , who was fastest in the earlier semifinals in 10.06 , told reporters . "  I was worried at the start , but after that I ran the kind of race I normally run . I knew I had a chance of a medal , even winning gold . " Chambers , the current world indoor 60m champion who won relay gold in Stockholm four years ago on return after his ban for drug use , put on a brave face after his disappointing finish . "  I had to rely on my experience , which kept me relaxed , but it was n't enough to win . I 've just got to keep on ploughing at it until my opportunity prevails , " said the 32-year-old , who won silver in 1998 and then had to return his gold in 2002 after being caught using steroids . Lemaitre 's heat featured another strong performance from Irish Paralympian Jason Smyth , who is the first legally blind athlete to compete at the European Championships . The partially-sighted 23-year-old finished fourth in the eight-man heat in a time of 10.46 , but even his personal best of 10.32 would not have been enough to reach the final . Turkish runner Elvan Abeylegesse of Turkey won the women 's 10,000 m title , finishing 12 seconds ahead of Russia 's defending champion Inga Abitova , with Jessica Augusto of Portugal taking bronze . Abeylegesse won silver medals in the distance at the 2008 Olympics and 2009 world championships . Russia had a clean sweep of the medals in the women 's 20-kilometer walk , as Olympic and world champion Olga Kaniskina went one better than her silver in 2006 . Anisya Kirdyapkina , 21 , took the silver while Vera Sokolova claimed bronze as the Russians followed up the victory of teenage compatriot Stanislav Emelyanov in the men 's race on Tuesday . Latvia 's Ineta Radevica claimed a shock gold in the women 's long jump , with the 29-year-old heading off Portugal 's 2006 silver medallist Naide Gomes in a tie-breaker after both leaped 6.92 meters . Olga Kucherenko was third in 6.84 while her fellow Russian and defending champion Lyudmila Kolchanova was back in fifth on 6.55 . Former Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft was 11th of the 12 finalists on 6.33 . Slovakia 's top-ranked Libor Charfreitag won the men 's hammer final with a best throw of 80.02 meters , while Italy 's Nicola Vizzoni claimed silver with 79.12 and bronze went to Hungary 's Krisztian Pars  79.06  . Croatia 's 20-year-old rising star Sandra Perkovic won the women 's discus title with a best throw of 64.67 , while Romania 's 2006 bronze medallist Nicoleta Grasu was second with 63.48 and Poland 's Joanna Wisniewska took third with 62.37 . Germany 's Nadine Muller , who has thrown the furthest this year with 67.78 in May , finished back in eighth on a disappointing 57.78 .	Christophe Lemaitre claims gold medal in 100m at European Championships The 20-year-old sprinter clocks winning time of 10.11 seconds in Barcelona Britain 's Mark Lewis-Francis handed silver medal in four-man photo finish on 10.18 Jason Smyth , the first legally blind athlete to compete , was fourth in Lemaitre 's semifinal
CNN  -- Shigeru Ban , the 57-year-old winner of this year 's Pritzker Prize -- arguably the world 's most prestigious architecture award -- is the Rumpelstiltskin of building design . For more than two decades he has taken simple materials , including paper and cardboard , and created life-changing structures for people impacted by natural disasters . In the aftermath of the 1995 earthquake in Kobe , Japan , Ban built temporary homes for Vietnamese refugees using beer crates filled with sandbags . In 2011 , after an earthquake and tsunami devastated large parts of Japan , Ban crafted homes from shipping containers . Last year he erected a cathedral made out of cardboard paper tubes for the people of Christchurch , New Zealand . From Haiti to Rwanda to China , his low-cost structures become symbols of hope for people rebuilding their lives . "  For me there is no difference between monumental architecture and temporary structures in disaster areas , " he tells CNN . "  They give me the same kind of satisfaction . " Ban is the second Japanese artist in a row to win the prestigious award , following on from last year 's winner Toyo Ito . Tom Pritzker , Chairman and President of The Hyatt Foundation , which sponsors the Pritzker Prize , said : "  He is an outstanding architect who , for twenty years , has been responding with creativity and high quality design to extreme situations caused by devastating natural disasters . His buildings provide shelter , community centers , and spiritual places for those who have suffered tremendous loss and destruction . " Congratulations on winning the Pritzker Prize . Where were you when you heard the news ? I was driving in Tokyo and I got the phone call from -LSB- executive director of the Pritzker Architecture Prize -RSB- Martha Thorne . Since I was on the jury from 2006 to 2009 , I thought she was just joking . I had to stop and park the car . You 've earned global recognition for bridging the humanitarian and aesthetic aspects of architecture . Was it really such a surprise that you had won ? Honestly , it was a big surprise . I did n't expect it . As a juror I knew the level of the past winners and I did n't think I was at that level . But then it was explained to me that this year the jury considered not only the argument of architecture , but also my activities in disaster areas for 20 years . I carry on both activities simultaneously . So I thought this was not awarded because I reached a certain level as an architect , but as encouragement for me to continue working in disaster areas as well as designing architecture . Even more opportunities will now come your way . Is there a risk this prize could actually distract you from continuing your humanitarian work ? When some people receive a big award there are more opportunities for their projects and to expand their offices . I do n't want to make my office bigger . I like to design everything by myself and to go to the sites . I want to keep working in disaster areas . If I get more projects then I can spend less time on each project and I do n't want to lower the quality of each project . I think we have to be very careful to keep doing the same things , as we have done . How did the idea of working with cardboard come to you ? The strength and durability of a building has nothing to do with the material . Even a building built in concrete can be destroyed very easily . There can be a permanent building made out of cardboard tubes . In fact many of my temporary buildings have become permanent . When I first used the cardboard tube for the interior I knew this is strong enough to be a part of the structure . Starchitects tend to devote the bulk of their time to glamorous commissions . What drove you to disaster relief ? I was very disappointed about our profession . I thought that as architects we could work more for society . Historically speaking , architecture clients are people who had the money and the power . They wanted to visualize power and money with monumental architecture . That was the architect 's basic job historically . I 'm not saying that is a bad thing . I also want to make a monument . But I thought we should use our experience and knowledge for the public and victims of natural disasters too . I get the same satisfaction when I design a building for a disaster . There is no difference . The only difference is I am not paid . It 's pro bono . Are there young architects in the pipeline who want to follow in your footsteps ? When I give the lecture I always feel a strong reaction from young architects and students . They are interested in working for society and joining my team . When I was a student we used to think , "  I want to be a starchitect and big developer . " The attitudes of young people are changing and I feel that . If I have been able to help . I think this is my biggest pleasure . Do you have any advice for those who want to go into "  disaster architecture " ? I appreciate when people want to come and join my team and do this work . But instead of just working in a disaster area it 's important to travel a lot and to experience different cultures , different climates . It 's important for them to be good architects first .	Shigeru Ban is the third Japanese architect to win the Pritzker Prize in five years Ban has spent two decades building structures for victims of natural disasters He has built cathedrals from cardboard tubes and homes from beer crates
CNN  -- Norman Ollestad remembers the tree limb . The book 's jacket features a picture of a 1-year-old Norman clinging to his father 's back on a surfboard . He was 11 years old , riding in a Cessna in a blizzard through California 's San Gabriel Mountains in 1979 , on his way to pick up a trophy he won in a skiing competition . "  The gray clouds were just pressing against the windows ; it did n't even seem like we were moving , " he recalls . "  Then , there 's a limb reaching out of that fog and disappearing . Then another one and another one . "  Then realizing we were in the trees . " The plane crash that followed killed his father and the pilot and badly wounded his father 's girlfriend , who with young Norman was tossed violently onto the top of an 8,600-foot mountain in the freezing , February chill . "  I felt three thuds . The third one must have knocked me cold , " says Ollestad , now 41 . "  I remember feeling those thuds in my spine -- a clear memory of that . Then I woke up who knows how long after . " The ensuing nine-hour , life-or-death descent -- in the end , he was the only survivor -- is the topic of "  Crazy for the Storm : A Memoir of Survival . " Watch the press conference that followed his survival " But the book is about more than a plane crash , namely his relationship with an adrenaline-junkie father who basked in the wild life of Malibu in the 1970s and relentlessly pushed his "  Boy Wonder " to excel from the ski slopes of northern California to the crashing surf off the Mexican coast . "  It 's actually 100 percent about my relationship with my father , " Ollestad said . "  That relationship was present on the mountain with me , even though he was dead . " Released this month , the book already has been picked up by Warner Bros. -LSB- a sister company of CNN -RSB- for a feature film and has earned critical acclaim , including comparisons to John Krakauer 's 1997 nonfiction best-seller "  Into Thin Air . " "  An engrossing story of adventure , survival and psychological exploration , " wrote the journal Kirkus Reviews . In the book , Ollestad cuts back and forth between the crash and journey down the mountain and the years leading up to that moment . Included are memories of life in Malibu , where he grew up the son of divorced parents in a cottage on the beach . There are surfers and skate rats , musicians and nudists and memories of smoking weed and spying on his neighbors ' most intimate moments . But mostly there 's his father , Norman Ollestad Sr. , an athlete , actor , lawyer , musician and former FBI agent . From the age of 3 , Norman was groomed for competitive "  extreme sports " by his father and pushed to be the best . The book 's jacket features a picture of a 1-year-old Norman clinging to his father 's back as he steers a surfboard atop the waves of California 's Topanga State Beach . He acknowledges that many times , when his father was cooking up a new adventure for the two of them , he would rather have been "  riding my bike or eating chocolate cake . " " -LSB- At first -RSB- a lot of people are , ` Wow . . I had a lot of trouble with some of the stuff your dad was doing , ' " says Ollestad , who studied creative writing at UCLA and attended UCLA 's film school . "  But then it turned out that a lot of that stuff was really beautiful . " And he believes it saved his life . The skiing made him aware of how steep the mountain 's slope was and what it would take to get down it without falling . The skiing and surfing gave him control of his body and awareness of the exact movements required to work his way out of the descent 's most treacherous spots . "  Some of it was sort of eerily , specifically perfect for the situation , " he says . "  Forty-five degree pitch , blizzard with ice , well , I 've been here for eight years doing this . It was familiar to me . " The book has had another , unexpected result for Ollestad , who now lives in Venice , California . He says he 's been shocked at the e-mail from readers . "  Nobody 's even written about the plane crash , " he says . " -LSB- They say -RSB- ` it reminds me of some of the things I did with my dad or some of the things I did n't get to do . ' "  In every e-mail , whether it 's a woman or a man , they talk about ... their relationship with their father or mother . It touches something in there where they want to talk about it . " Now , for Ollestad , the story has followed him all the way around . He 's the father of an 8-year-old , Noah , and seeks to walk the line between responsible parenting and teaching his child the lessons he says saved his life . "  Those were different times , " he tells the boy in the book 's epilogue . "  My dad made me do lots of things that I 'd get arrested for making you do . "	Norman Ollestad was 11 years old when the plane he was in crashed Ollestad 's father died and Ollestad climbed down the mountain for nine hours Experience is present in book "  Crazy for the Storm : A Memoir of Survival " Book also chronicles Ollestad 's relationship with his father
CNN  -- The annals of late-night television talk shows are full of failure . George Lopez says he believes late-night talk is ready for more diversity . Joey Bishop , Dick Cavett and Pat Sajak all tried to challenge the legendary Johnny Carson 's supremacy ; all fell short . Joan Rivers lasted less than eight months as host of a Fox show ; Chevy Chase lasted less than eight weeks on his Fox entry . Even in recent years , when late-night shows are all over cable , few make a dent in the ratings or in the public consciousness . So does comedian and former sitcom star George Lopez believe he can overcome those challenges and put on a talk show people will talk about ? To paraphrase a slogan Lopez heard plenty last year , when he traveled the campaign trail as one of Barack Obama 's supporters : yes ... he ... does . "  I believe that that audience is more diverse , less represented than it 's ever been , " he said in a phone interview , noting that -- though it 's been 20 years since the African-American performer Arsenio Hall launched his late-night show -- late night remains the preserve of generally white male comedians . "  It 's not even about black and white anymore , because so many people are from mixed backgrounds and mixed ethnicities , and it 's just a great time to be able to pull all that together . " Lopez , whose show will air on TBS beginning in November , is no stranger to talk shows . He was on Johnny Carson 's "  Tonight " show , and he admires David Letterman and Bill Maher , among others . But he thinks a Lopez show will bring some fresh energy to late night .  TBS , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . The comedian says he already has big plans to make his show distinctive , from its more open setting to Lopez 's determination to make the audience a key part of the show . He talked about some of his hopes with CNN last week . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : So I see you 're doing a late-night talk show . George Lopez : Yes , brother . Change has come to the White House , change has come to late night ! CNN : How did this come about ? Lopez : Well ... when I was doing "  The George Lopez Show " -- probably into like the 30th episode , -LSB- and -RSB- we ended up doing 120 shows , -LSB- a production company executive -RSB- said , "  Hey , would you consider a talk show ? " And I 'm like , "  Dude , I got a gig . " He said , "  It 's not going to last forever . When it 's over ... -LSB- So -RSB- let me put this bug in your ear , five years early . " I kinda never considered it , although ... I 've been on every show . And what 's appealing to me now ... is that I believe that that audience is more diverse , less represented than it 's ever been . ... I can take a little more liberties than if this show were on network TV , where everybody 's afraid to say something wrong because you might piss off an advertiser . -LSB- And -RSB- I believe the fact that a Mexican-American guy hosting his own late-night talk show is appealing to advertisers . I look at that as a positive . Look , Anderson Cooper is at the Mexican border -- I wish my show were on tonight so I could talk about it . CNN : Does it intimidate you getting a late-night talk show ? Lord knows there have been a zillion late-night talk shows , and many of them end up in TV graveyards . Lopez : I think it goes case by case , Todd . I mean , Chevy Chase probably was n't the right person for that format ... I think the visibility of my -LSB- sitcom -RSB- and the success and popularity of my standup , and being a little edgier and a little different and not milquetoast by any means and not Anglo white male , and being unafraid and seeing the change -LSB- will help -RSB- . ... I think it helped me to campaign with Barack Obama for a year . ... I know what 's out there , and I know that that audience is not served , and cable TV is a great place to attract those people . CNN : The press release mentions a "  street-party atmosphere . " Have you had a chance to work through that a little bit and decide what that means ? Lopez : Absolutely . We shot a production pilot ... -LSB- and -RSB- what we did was we created an amphitheater outside at Warner Bros. , right where they shoot "  ER " where the ambulance entrance is . We built a set there , and I used Shakira 's band led by -LSB- her musical director -RSB- Tim Mitchell . ... We did n't use seats , we used kind of an amphitheater feel , and since we shot it out on the street , it did have a different feel . ... With a younger audience and the music , -LSB- it -RSB- made it more exciting and a little different with me as host than I think than what 's on late night now . CNN : You mentioned having Shakira 's band . Is that going to be a regular feature ? Is there going to be a sidekick ? Lopez : I 'm not going to do a sidekick , but I 'll use audience members , so I 'll have potentially 360 sidekicks if I see somebody who 's really interesting . One of the aspects we used in the pilot was having audience members actually ask questions from their seat -- not from a preset microphone , but from their seat . ... That 's a part of it that I think is different and fun , and I do n't want there to feel like you 're at a movie , where you 're just watching a show . I want you to feel like you can potentially be part of it . Like I told somebody before , if you go to a flea market or a swap meet , you 'll find anything you want , but if you go to a store that 's a high-end department store , you 're only going to find what they have . So being a poor guy growing up , and getting stuff from thrift shops growing up , I 'd like to think that this will be the flea market of late-night talk shows , that you can probably find anything there .	George Lopez beginning late-night talk show in November Comedian believes it 's time for more diversity in late-night concept Lopez was star of "  George Lopez Show , " active in Barack Obama 's campaign He says he 's not using a sidekick , but will look more toward audience interaction
New York  CNN  -- Thousands of Occupy Wall Street demonstrators deluged New York on Thursday , a show of strength in the movement 's original home that was echoed nationwide as part of a "  mass day of action . " Scores were arrested in New York , and several police officers were reported injured , as protesters fanned out across the city moved toward Foley Square in Lower Manhattan and the Brooklyn Bridge . By early Thursday evening , many had crossed the bridge -- the same place where more than 700 had been arrested last month -- chanting , "  This is what democracy looks like -- This is what America looks like , " according to the New York movement 's official Twitter feed . This time , they marched in the pedestrian walkway , not blocking the roadway . Nearby , pro-Occupy slogans were projected onto one side of the Verizon Building . Those in New York were not alone . Like-minded activists also took to the streets in all corners of the nation -- from Miami to Los Angeles to Portland , Oregon , to Boston -- marking two months since the activist effort aimed at the nation 's wealthiest 1 % began in Manhattan . Roundup of protests across the country "  I think the numbers have increased dramatically today , " said New York protester Jo Robin . "  Particularly after the raid , our message is being broadcast all over the world . " The group twice squared off against riot police in Zuccotti Park , where they 'd been evicted two days earlier . They 'd also engaged in several confrontations with police , leading to scores of arrests . That includes 64 protesters -- wearing T-shirts with the figure "  99 % " prominently featured -- arrested at an early evening sit-in on Centre Street near Foley Square in lower Manhattan , a police spokesman said .  Earlier , police spokesmen and protest organizers had said -- incorrectly -- that 99 people were arrested in this same incident . In total , police said around 8 p.m. that a total of 245 people had been arrested around the city . During a late afternoon press conference , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said that at least seven police officers were hurt Thursday during exchanges with protesters . Five of those officers were injured when a unidentified liquid was thrown on their faces , Kelly said , adding that the officers experienced a burning sensation and required hospitalization . And a 24-year-old police officer was injured when a star-shaped glass object was thrown at him , Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters during a visit to Bellevue Hospital Center where the officer was being treated . It is not clear how many demonstrators have been injured during the clashes . Overheard on CNN.com : Some tire of Occupy protesters CNN and CNN affiliate New York One broadcast images of the exchanges , including video of one man -- whose face appeared to be covered in blood -- sitting near police who wielded shields and batons . Authorities constructed barricades at Zuccotti Park , in front of the New York Stock Exchange and along Fifth Avenue in an apparent attempt to keep demonstrators off the roads and on pedestrian walkways . Residents and workers near the New York Stock Exchange were required to flash identification cards as police cordoned off the area amid concerns that demonstrators would try to disrupt trading . Earlier in the day , protesters lifted metal barricades that ringed Zuccotti Park , a former home-base for the movement , defying authorities and blocking traffic . Bloomberg said the day 's protests had "  caused minimal disruptions to our city , " he asserted that some demonstrators had "  deliberately pursued violence . " In Lower Manhattan , CNN iReporter Alvaro Perez shot video showing protesters being pulled away by police , including one woman who appeared to be dragged by her jacket and backpack . "  I do n't want to speculate on what happened in advance of that , " police spokesman Paul Browne said of the incident . He said the "  big picture " of how police have handled demonstrations has so far been mostly positive . "  People were able to get to work " and "  protesters were able to protest , " Browne added . Occupy roundup : Movement marks 2 months Earlier , on CNN 's "  American Morning , " Howard Wolfson , a New York City deputy mayor , vowed , "  We 'll make sure , if people want to peacefully protest , they have the right to . " But , he added , "  if people break the law , we 'll have to deal with that . " "  If they attempt to enter a building they 're not allowed in , that 's breaking the law . If they want to express their concerns about Wall Street , that 's totally fine , " he said . While the city has come under fire from protesters and other critics for arrests and removing protesters from Zuccotti Park , Wolfson insisted that "  we had to act " to stop illegal activity , such as drug use , and to eliminate fire hazards . "  This is a place where we honor the First Amendment , " he added . Still , the ouster from Zuccotti Park did not appear to stifle the New York protest effort . The group tried to sum up its intent on a Twitter post : "  Enough of this economy that exploits and divides us . It 's time we put an end to Wall Street 's reign of terror and begin building an economy that works for all . " The Occupy movement , likewise , showed few signs of abating elsewhere in the United States . In cities such as St. Louis , Milwaukee and elsewhere , thousands responded to the "  day of action " plea . And as in New York , some of those ended up behind bars after refusing to heed law enforcement officers ' calls to move . The next highest arrest figure was in Los Angeles , where 25 people were arrested early Thursday and another 25 were arrested later in the day , Officer Andrew Neiman said . Bail was set at $ 5,000 for those detained , he added . In Portland , police reported 48 people arrested in three separate incidents . That includes 25 taken into custody on the east end of the Steel Bridge , nine inside a Wells Fargo bank and 14 in and around a Chase Bank . In the latter incident on Thursday evening , Sgt. Pete Simpson said that police used pepper spray to get individuals to move off a street and from the path of a commuter rail line . Another 21 were issued citations for blocking Las Vegas Boulevard in that Nevada city , Las Vegas police officer Bill Cassell told CNN , while Atlanta police arrested eight for blocking a roadway . There were also arrests in other places , including Los Angeles , Chicago and Houston . And in Denver , District Attorney Mitchell Morrissey announced Thursday that three men now face felony charges -- including inciting a riot and assaulting a police officer -- for their alleged actions while clashing with authorities during Occupy Denver protests . CNN 's Josh Levs , Mary Snow , Brian Vitagliano , Steve Kastenbaum , Eden Pontz and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : A total of 50 are arrested in two incidents in L.A. , an officer says A total of 245 people are arrested in New York , according to police 48 are arrested in 3 incidents in Portland , Oregon , say police N.Y. authorities say that at least 6 police were hurt while on duty
When "  Daily Show " host Jon Stewart tore into Sen. Dianne Feinstein for complaining about the CIA removing classified documents from her staff 's computers after giving the intelligence community a pass on spying on private citizens , he joined a chorus of civil liberties advocates who say she 's being hypocritical . "  What is incredible about these accusations is they are not coming from Senator Ron ` Privacy is important ' Wyden or Senator Rand ` Do n't kill me with a flying robot ' Paul , " Stewart said . "  They are coming from Dianne ` So the NSA is looking at your data ' Feinstein . " He then played a montage of clips showing the many instances in which Feinstein , chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , has supported National Security Agency snooping on private citizens . Those who have long complained that neither Congress nor the intelligence community have done enough to safeguard the rights of private citizens find it ironic that , for months , the spy agency and the Intelligence Committee charged with its oversight have waged a behind-the-scenes battle accusing each other of improper snooping . The Justice Department is weighing whether to investigate CIA claims that Intelligence Committee staffers accessed material they should n't have seen while reviewing millions of documents at a Virginia facility . Those same advocates find the complaints of Feinstein , who has been one of the intelligence community 's staunchest supporters , as especially disingenuous . Feinstein says CIA spied on Senate computers "  As a privacy advocate , she has gotten angry about spying on  German Chancellor  Angela Merkel and spying on herself . But being OK with spying on the rest of us is questionable , " said Mike German , a former FBI agent and a fellow with the Brenna Center for Justice . Feinstein did not respond to a request for comment . During a fiery speech Tuesday that stunned lawmakers and members of the intelligence community , Feinstein , a California Democrat , accused the CIA of secretly taking classified documents from her staff 's computers during an oversight investigation . Her comments made public a private long running saga over the review of documents related to the post 9/11 Bush administration program for questioning terror suspects -- a practice that ultimately was ended by President Barack Obama in 2009 . CIA Director John Brennan challenged Feinstein 's claims . What are the CIA and Senate fighting about ? Privacy advocates and civil liberty groups hailed Feinstein 's diatribe against the CIA 's tactics as a watershed moment in urging stronger checks on the executive branch 's spying practices . "  It 's highly significant that a senator with Senator Feinstein 's credentials in working with the intelligence community would go to the Senate floor and make a constitutionally protected speech about how the CIA is undermining a critical oversight role , " said Greg Nojeim , a senior counsel with the nonprofit Center for Democracy and Technology . A number of her congressional colleagues applauded her speech as well . "  Senator Feinstein is a dedicated public servant who deserves enormous credit for speaking publicly about this dispute , which goes to the heart of the separation of powers , " Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat , told CNN in a statement . "  She has spoken to the conscience of every senator , of both parties . She is standing up for the principles on which this country was founded , and the rest of us must follow her example , " he said . Leahy has been a steady critic of the intelligence community 's practices -- especially the sweeping NSA surveillance programs publicized by Edward Snowden 's leaks -- and has stridently questioned claims by national security officials that the government 's bulk collection of phone records thwarted terror attacks . However , privacy and civil liberties advocates took issue with Feinstein 's pique . They also see a double-standard in the outrage of other lawmakers such as Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who also called the allegations "  dangerous to a democracy . " These types of actions have always been "  dangerous to a democracy " even when they happen to ordinary private citizens , civil liberties advocates said . "  It 's clear the CIA was trying to play ` keep-away ' with documents relevant to an investigation by their overseers in Congress , and that 's a serious constitutional concern , " Snowden , a former NSA contractor , told NBC News in a statement Tuesday . "  But it 's equally if not more concerning that we 're seeing another ` Merkel Effect , ' where an elected official does not care at all that the rights of millions of ordinary citizens are violated by our spies , but suddenly it 's a scandal when a politician finds out the same thing happens to them , " he said . House intel chair warns of penalty if CIA searched Senate computers Privacy and civil liberty advocates hope more oversight will occur now that members of Congress have gotten a personal taste of intelligence gathering practices they find objectionable . "  We 've had 12 years of an intelligence community acting with very little checks on it , " said Chris Anders , a senior legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union . "  The reason they are so out of control is that there 's been very little oversight being exercised by Congress or the courts . " Outrage by both lawmakers and private citizens will build support for reforms , German said . "  Hopefully , now that Feinstein has this new found skepticism , she will open the lid so that the American public can see what has been done in their name in the past ten years , " German said .	Privacy and civil liberties advocates skeptical of Feinstein 's CIA snooping complaints Advocates say lawmakers should feel equally outraged at snooping on private citizens They hail Feinstein 's critique of the CIA 's stonewalling , snooping and want more to be done Public and congressional pressure the key to reforms , privacy advocates say
CNN  -- The air in and around New Orleans is electrified with anticipation -- and anxiety . Louisiana National Guard members arrive at the New Orleans convention center during preparations for Gustav . Nervous is how Merrick Matherne says he is feeling . Nervous and stressed at the prospect of having to survive and rebuild in the wake of another hurricane . As Friday 's third anniversary of Katrina 's landfall passed , the Crescent City found itself potentially in the cross hairs of another destructive storm , Hurricane Gustav . Residents are suspended in a wait-and-see mode , with an evacuation order for New Orleans likely to come sometime after Saturday , according to Mayor Ray Nagin . Matherne and his family live in a low-lying area in the town of Metairie , near Lake Ponchartrain , just outside New Orleans . After Katrina and a drawn-out evacuation , Merrick and his wife spent nine taxing months living in various places , sometimes apart . Then , they went through the challenge of dealing with insurance companies and contractors over the phone , waiting for the various bureaucracies involved to do their part . Now they face the prospect that it might happen all over again . And they are not alone . "  The city is in a little bit of a panic , " says Dr. Tim Pearman , Ph.D. , a clinical associate professor of psychiatry and neurology at Tulane University School of Medicine . "  Kind of wherever you go , every TV is turned to the news . The news is now reporting nothing else other than the hurricane , and it 's days away . People are really heightened in terms of their emotions right now . " Many New Orleans residents already live on the edge emotionally . Among Katrina survivors , New Orleans has a post-traumatic stress disorder rate of more than 25 percent , and a mood and anxiety disorders rate of roughly 35 percent , according to a study published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry in January . The big question is , can the city deal with any mental health fallout should Gustav get within striking distance ? "  Thinking about the storm is anxiety-provoking for people . It brings them back to a lot of those feelings they had and memories from Katrina , " says Dr. Anthony Speier , the deputy assistant secretary for the office of mental health at the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals . "  People have memories that are triggered by preparing for this storm . " "  Why did we return ? Why did we rebuild ? Why is this happening again to us ? All of those thoughts are going through people 's minds , " says Dr. Lisa Mills , an associate professor of emergency medicine at Louisiana State University 's Health Sciences Center at New Orleans . "  People are certainly anxious and doubting themselves . " But there is a small silver lining to all the attention Gustav is generating . Pearman , who also serves as the director of the Tulane Cancer Center Comprehensive Clinic , says that although the anxiety brought on by Gustav is "  definitely a bad thing , " it is spurring better preparedness . "  In terms of the prep , it 's great , because I really think it 's going to be a different ball game than it was three years ago . " There is no doubt that the city is better prepared overall than it was for Katrina . But in mental health services , many holes still exist . After the storm , the city lost -- and has n't completely replaced -- many of its hospital beds devoted to mental health , and also many of its psychiatrists , psychologists and social workers , leaving it ill-equipped to handle its chronic caseload , let alone any spike in mental health care needs brought on by potential stressful events like Gustav . "  Throughout the country , mental health is in crisis , and in areas that are impoverished and recently devastated like New Orleans , they are certainly struggling , " says Mills , who is also an ER physician at the Louisiana State University emergency department at the University Hospital in New Orleans . Mills says the city 's mental health system that ca n't provide care for its chronic level of illness , let alone for any surge in demand . Pearman agrees that the city has not recovered . "  Mental-health wise , absolutely not . The number of providers is still far below what 's needed , " he says . Still , New Orleans is not a complete wasteland in terms of mental health services . Louisiana Spirit is the state-run counseling program funded by FEMA . "  We 've been on the ground since Katrina and have been providing mental health and emotional recovery services , " says Speier , who directs Louisiana Spirit . He says the agency has about 215 counselors who service the parishes in and around New Orleans . "  We have provided individual counseling visits to over a quarter-million people and we 've generated probably 2.5 million to 3 million contacts -- many people we see more than once . The primary part of their work -LSB- is -RSB- meeting with survivors , going to their neighborhoods , homes , community centers , and educating people about emergency preparedness , about coping with the recovery process , about getting their homes and lives back together . " As for Matherne , he says he and his wife are dealing with the specter of Gustav with humor , mostly for the sake of his eldest daughter , now 9 , who is anxious about losing her friends and her toys all over again . "  We 're just trying to be as funny as possible and keep it in as light a mood as possible while we 're biting our nails . We 're worrying amongst ourselves and eating junk food as relief . " He jokes that they have n't hit the bourbon yet , but they are defrosting the freezer , where a gallon of daiquiris await . CNN.com 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Katrina survivors face more stress with new looming hurricane Study : New Orleans ' post-traumatic stress disorder rate is more than 25 percent City 's mental health services have n't recovered from Katrina losses
CNN  -- Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba did not respond to 15 defibrillator shocks and was in effect dead for 78 minutes before his heart started beating again , doctors who treated him have revealed . The 23-year-old has improved significantly since suffering a cardiac arrest during an English FA Cup match last Saturday but is still in intensive care with his condition described as serious . Muamba is responding appropriately to questions though , speaking in both French and English , and has been joking with some of his many visitors . Bolton 's club doctor , Jonathan Tobin , spoke for the first time on Wednesday , talking reporters through the severity of Muamba 's collapse and the frantic efforts made to save his life . Pinto : Is Muamba collapse a wake-up call for football ? Tobin said he and the other paramedics who rushed onto the field treated Muamba for a total of 48 minutes on the pitch and en route to London 's Chest Hospital , but it took a further 30 minutes to restart the midfielder 's heart . "  In effect he was dead in that time , " Dr. Tobin said . "  Fabrice was in a type of cardiac arrest where the heart is showing lots of electrical activity but no muscular activity . "  It 's something that often responds to drugs and shocks . Now heaven knows why , but Fabrice had , in total , 15 shocks . He had a further 12 shocks in the ambulance . " Muamba 's plight stunned players and supporters as the Congo-born star dropped to the floor with no-one near him just before halftime in the match . And Tobin explained the exasperation he felt as he sprinted onto the turf with the other medics on hand at the stadium , to try to save Muamba 's life with 40,000 people looking on . "  I ca n't begin to explain the pressure that was there , " he said . "  This is n't somebody that 's gone down in the street or been brought into accident and emergency . Bolton manager has ` brief chat ' with recovering Muamba "  This is somebody that I know , I know his family . This is somebody I consider a friend . This is somebody I joke with on a daily basis . As I was running onto the pitch I was thinking ` Oh my God , it 's Fabrice ' . " The desperate effort to save Muamba was assisted by an off-duty cardiologist , who was in the stadium watching the game as a fan and was allowed onto the pitch . Dr. Andrew Deaner suggested Muamba be transferred to the London Chest Hospital , where he works , and administered vital drugs to the player in the ambulance . He says the fact Muamba is responding appropriately to questions and is able to make jokes within five days of suffering such major heart trauma is nothing short of astonishing . "  If you 're going to use the term miraculous , I guess it could be used here , " he said . Deaner also revealed he had been in to see Muamba a few hours after he woke up . ` Muamba collapse proves I was right to quit the game , ' says ex pro "  I whispered into his ear ` What 's your name ? ' , " he explained . When Muamba said his name Deaner continued : "  I said ' I understand you 're a very good footballer ' . And he said ' I try . ' "  He 's made a remarkable recovery so far . We do n't want to get ahead of ourselves . As things stand , I think his life is not in danger at this time . His neurological function is looking very good but it is early days . " Meanwhile , Bolton will be back in action on Saturday after Muamba 's family gave their blessing for the club to face rivals Blackburn Rovers in the English Premier League . Bolton 's proposed league match with Aston Villa , scheduled for Tuesday , was postponed . "  We spoke together with the players as a group this morning and I talked with Fabrice 's family last night , " Bolton manager Owen Coyle told the club 's website . "  Fabrice 's father Marcel and his fiancÃ © e Shauna were keen that we fulfill our fixtures . Once the players knew this , there was no doubt in our minds that we would play the matches . " The FA Cup quarterfinal with Tottenham that was abandoned in the wake of Muamba 's collapse , will be replayed on March 27 at White Hart Lane .	Doctors who treated Fabrice Muamba reveal soccer star was in effect dead for 78 minutes Muamba still in a serious condition in hospital after suffering cardiac arrest The 23-year-old 's heart was shocked 15 times before it started responding to treatment Off duty cardiologist watching the match explains how he went onto the pitch to aid Muamba
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan militias surrendered their Tripoli bases to the military on Thursday , nearly a week after growing public anger over the presence of armed groups in the capital sparked deadly clashes . In a series of ceremonies across the coastal city , militias from Tripoli as well as smaller towns such as Zintan handed over their bases to the authorities , including the Ministry of Defence and Libyan air force . These included the Mitiga airbase , as well as the Islamic Call Center . Public anger has been growing over the armed groups ' refusal to disarm in the two years since they toppled the North African country 's longtime leader , Moammar Gadhafi . Last Friday , Tripoli residents marched on the headquarters of militias from the city of Misrata . The militia opened fire on unarmed demonstrators , unleashing heavy clashes that left 47 people dead and more than 500 injured in the worst violence in the city in two years . Misrata militias withdrew from Tripoli earlier this week , but it was not immediately clear where the militias that handed over their bases on Thursday would go . They include a number of powerful and heavily armed groups . Other groups remain in Tripoli . Government officials attending the ceremonies nonetheless praised the handover as a major step toward building the Libyan state and its security forces . During a press conference at one of the ceremonies , Prime Minister Ali Zeidan lashed out at a reporter who asked whether the government had guarantees the handovers were real , and not ceremonial . "  We are not joking here , we are not in a theater to be acting " Zeidan said . "  We are serious about this . ... We have a duty to fulfill and we will fulfill it God willing . The weapons that were in the hands of these groups was the security threat and now this threat has disappeared " . While many Libyans welcomed the move toward disarming militias , the real impact on the ground has yet to be seen . In a country still awash with weapons , Libya 's fledgling state security forces remain outgunned by former rebel fighters . Zeidan 's government is struggling to assert its authority . Zeidan was himself briefly abducted by militiamen last month .	Last week , the worst violence in the capital in two years left 47 dead Country has been awash in militias since Moammar Gadhafi 's overthrow Prime minister attends a handover ceremony
CNN  -- Champion skier or female fighter pilot ? Whether to hurtle down the slopes at breakneck speed or defy G-force in the cockpit of a jet plane . The need for speed is the common theme , but it was an unusual and certainly unique career choice that faced Switzerland 's Olympic downhill gold medalist Dominique Gisin . Even as an up and coming star on the junior circuit , Gisin was plagued by persistent knee injuries and fearing for her future in the sport , turned to her second passion , flying , to make a living . She had learned to fly as a teenager and after opting for pilot training in the Swiss military was one of the star recruits . Showing the sort of determination that was to see her reach the heights of the sporting world , Gisin may well have become the first woman to pilot fighter jets for the country 's air force . Fate then played its part and , ironically as a result of her skiing injuries , the officers in charge of the flying program decided Gisin 's fragile knees would not stand the rigors of full-time military service . "  It was a risk so the decision was partly taken away from me , " Gisin told CNN 's Alpine Edge program . "  But I never regretted . I mean I love skiing with all my heart . And although I love flying , skiing was my childhood dream . "  And all the other people that were still in the selection back then , their sole dream was to fly . I think it was a fair decision . " The choice of skiing looked to be validated by her first World Cup podium in early 2007 , but Gisin 's injury problems continued and after a fall in downhill training she was sidelined yet again through a knee problem . Indeed during the course of her 15-year skiing career , the 28-year-old has had no less than nine operations . "  After every injury you lie in hospital and you 're like ` I 'm not going to do this again , for sure . ' But then you set little goals , " she recalls . "  The goal that you can walk again , then that you can train again . And then that you can ski again . And then you 're back on snow and it 's just the most beautiful thing . " Showing that trademark determination , she rebounded with her first victory on the circuit , tying for first place in a downhill at Altenmarkt with Sweden 's Anja Paerson in January 2009 . The shared victory was to set the precedent for Gisin 's ultimate triumph , topping the podium in the Sochi Winter Olympics earlier this year . Without a win at the highest level since winning her third World Cup race in 2010 , Gisin had gone into the Games with slender hopes of victory . But she had the perfect run down the treacherous Rosa Khutor piste and set a time of one minute 41.57 seconds which a host of top contenders could not match . Until Slovenia 's 30-year-old Tina Maze -- a close friend of Gisin 's -- did exactly that , posting precisely the same time down to a hundredth of a second . It was the first time in Olympic skiing history that a gold medal had to be shared . "  We 're close ; even closer now , " Gisin joked after their joint triumph . Victory was greeting with acclaim in skiing mad Switzerland , elevating Gisin to superstar status and putting paid to any doubts she may have had about her chosen career path . Gisin still finds time to keep her license as a pilot -- getting about 25 hours of flying in her log during the off season . She feels the experiences of her twin passions have a similarity that helps her concentration for the task in hand . "  I think the freedom and the peace when you 're up in the air and when you 're on a  racing  course is quite similar . You focus on this very moment and that 's a beautiful thing , " she said . Despite reaching the pinnacle of achievement with her gold medal , Gisin has no intention of retiring just yet and is focusing on the world championships in Vail early next year for another taste of global glory . "  I mean in the speed disciplines it 's all about my head . If I can find the courage , if I can find the energy to race like I did in Sochi , a lot of things are possible , " she insists . She is also a supportive figure to her 20-year-old sister Michelle , who is beginning to make a name for herself on the women 's World Cup circuit , claiming 16th in the slalom in Aspen recently . Her 26-year-old brother Marc has also represented Switzerland on the World Cup circuit , but like his older sister has suffered a serious knee injury , tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in a fall in 2012 . But showing the battling spirit which is clearly a family trait he has returned to the circuit to pursue his promising career .	Dominique Gisin won gold at the Sochi Winter Games Tied for first prize with Tina Maze in women 's downhill Originally trained as fighter pilot in Swiss Air Force Has battled a series of crippling knee injuries in her skiing career
CNN  -- Viral videos of assaults on a mentally disabled Delaware man have led police to identify two teenage suspects accused in the attack , and a third suspect to turn himself in . A 14-year-old boy from Newark , Delaware , turned himself in to New Castle County Police Monday night , and officers arrested two other teen boys over the weekend in connection to the assaults . The three teenagers have been charged with misdemeanors , according to department spokesperson Sgt. Jacob Andrews . Because of their age , the youths ' names are not being made public . The beatings occurred several weeks ago , but recently angered viewers across the nation after they were posted on social media using the hashtags #JusticeForCoran and #TheBullyProject . AS @EriVeronica tweeted : " #JusticeforCoran & Justice for ALL other victims of senseless crime and bullying ! Do your part to stop BULLYING , Be KIND . Spread #LOVE ! " â $	Teenagers in New Castle County , Delaware , have been charged Videos of the man being beaten were posted online , went viral Supporter tweets : "  Do your part to stop BULLYING , Be KIND . Spread #LOVE ! "
CNN  -- Year after year Americans ask : When will our economy get better ? Injecting more capital into the economy should work -- in theory -- because capital fuels capitalism . Yet this capital sits unused on the balance sheets of corporations , and languishes inert in private equity funds . Davos 2013 : Follow the action live on CNN.com Capitalists seem uninterested in capitalism , even as eager entrepreneurs ca n't get financing . Businesses and investors sound like the Ancient Mariner , who complained , "  Water , water everywhere -- nor any drop to drink . " At the heart of this paradox is a doctrine of finance employing measures of profitability that guide capitalists away from investments that can create growth . Davos 2013 : New year , same old problems ? There are three types of innovations . The first are "  empowering " innovations . These transform complicated , costly products that previously had been available only to a few people , into simpler , cheaper products available to many . The Ford Model T was an empowering innovation , as was the Sony transistor radio . Empowering innovations create jobs for people who build , distribute , sell and service these products . The second type are "  sustaining " innovations . These replace old products with new . The Toyota Prius hybrid is marvelous -- yet every time a customer buys a Prius , a Camry is not sold . Sustaining innovations replace yesterday 's products with today 's products . They keep our economy vibrant -- and , in dollars , they account for the most innovation . But they have a zero-sum effect on jobs and capital . Defterios : Why Egypt 's transition from its Arab Spring is so painful The third type are "  efficiency " innovations . These reduce the cost of making and distributing existing products and services - like Toyota 's just-in-time manufacturing in carmaking and Geico in online insurance underwriting . Efficiency innovations almost always reduce the net number of jobs in an industry , allow the same amount of work  or more  to get done using fewer people . Efficiency innovations also emancipate capital for other uses . Without them , much of an economy 's capital is held captive on balance sheets , tied up in inventory , working capital , and balance sheet reserves . Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos 2013 Industries typically transition through these types of innovations . The early IBM mainframe computers were so expensive that only big companies could own them . But PCs were an empowering innovation that allowed many more people to own computers . Companies like Hewlett-Packard had to hire thousands of people to make and sell PCs . They then deployed workers to make better computers -- sustaining innovations . Finally , the industry began to outsource its operations , becoming much more capital efficient . This reduced net employment within the industry , but freed capital that had been used in the supply chain . The dials on these three innovations are sensitive , but if set in a recurring circle -- with empowering innovations creating more jobs than efficiency innovations eliminate , and the capital that efficiency innovations liberate being invested back into empowering innovations -- the economy is a magnificent machine . The belt of circularity in America 's economic engine , however , is broken . The 1982 recovery took the economy 's usual 6 months to reach the prerecession peaks of performance . Getting back to the prior peak in the 1990 recession took 15 months . Our economic machine has been grinding for 65 months trying to hit prerecession levels -- and it 's not clear whether or how we 're going to get there . The reason ? In America , Japan and Europe , the dials have gone amok . Efficiency innovations are liberating capital , but that capital is being reinvested into still more efficiency innovations . Our economies are generating many fewer empowering innovations than in the past . U.S. thinker George Gilder brings a useful perspective to this puzzle . He teaches that we should be frugal with resources that are scarce and costly , but can waste resources that are abundant and cheap . When the Doctrine of New Finance emerged between the 1930s and 1950s , capital was scarce . We therefore focused on magnifying every dollar put into a company , to maximize revenue and profit per dollar of capital deployed . Executives came to use measures of efficiency that focused on the short term , investing in quick wins in sustaining and efficiency innovations instead of funding empowering innovations that pay off in five years , or often even longer . Read more : All you need to know to be a Davos delegate The paradox explored in my book The Innovator 's Dilemma is that successful companies can fail by making the "  right " decisions in the wrong situations . We are in the capitalist 's dilemma today . Investors continue applying doctrines that were appropriate when capital was scarce . But because today capital is abundant and the cost of capital today is essentially zero , the same rules are the wrong rules . It 's as if our leaders in Washington are standing on a beach holding fire hoses full open , pouring more capital into an ocean of capital . We truly are awash in cheap capital -- which means that returns on long-term investments in empowering innovations will yield the same returns as short-term ones . Is there a solution ? It 's complicated , but I offer three ideas for discussion : Change the metrics We can use capital with abandon now , because it 's abundant and cheap . But we can no longer waste education , subsidizing fields that offer few jobs . Optimizing return on capital will generate less growth than optimizing return on education . Change the politics Both parties are wrong on taxing and distributing the capital of the wealthiest 1 % . The Republicans are wrong in thinking that the rich create jobs . In reality many of the richest Americans have been investing in efficiency innovations rather than to create jobs . And the Democrats are wrong , because growth wo n't happen if they distribute the wealth of the wealthy to everyone else . Money will be spent buying sustaining innovations -- replacing consumption with consumption , because there are few empowering products to buy . Change tax rates on capital gains We should make capital gains regressive over time , based upon how long the capital is invested . Taxes on short-term investments should continue to be taxed at personal income rates . But the rate should be reduced the longer the investment is held -- so that , for example , tax rates on investments held for five years might be zero -- and rates on investments held for eight years might be negative . We must give the wealthiest an incentive to invest for the long term . This can create growth . We face complicated problems , and mine is a simple model . But I hope it helps us understand that policies that were once right are now wrong , and that counterintuitive measures might actually work to turn our economies around . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clayton Christensen .	Harvard professor Clayton M. Christensen says we are now living in the capitalist 's dilemma Investors continue applying doctrines that were appropriate when capital was scarce Christensen says U.S. can no longer waste education , subsidizing fields that offer few jobs
CNN  -- As a writer , one of my most important responsibilities is listening . I try to do so with an open mind , so I can hear the voices of the characters whose stories I will tell . When I wrote about Afghan women in my second novel , I thought about the brave women I had met in Kabul and about their stories . Their voices came to me in hushed whispers . At times they woke me in the night with the urgency of what they had to say . I am indebted to those women , because without them , my novels would lack authenticity and would also be far less likely to resonate with readers . Supporting women 's rights in Afghanistan is largely about listening . A recent report from international aid organization Oxfam summarizes it best : The voices of women in Afghanistan must be heard if a lasting peace is to be achieved and "  the international community is to fulfill its agenda of setting Afghanistan on its own feet . " In recent years , women have made incredible gains in Afghanistan . The end of Taliban rule has meant a new Afghanistan , with more opportunities for women . Millions of girls are back in school . Women are working , particularly in Kabul , as professionals in a wide range of fields . Afghanistan has a female provincial governor ; there are women serving in parliament , the Ministry of Public Health , the Ministry of Women 's Affairs and the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission . Only the hardest cynic would dismiss these accomplishments as insignificant . Yet far too many women in Afghanistan are still denied a place at the table -- denied the right to speak for themselves . Oxfam 's report illustrates how war and unrest , illiteracy , poverty and gender discrimination have made it nearly impossible for the vast majority of women in Afghanistan to contribute to the global dialogue about the future of their homeland . Without them , the gains that have been made in recent years for half of Afghanistan 's most brilliant resources remain at risk . When I was a boy living in Kabul , I had a different experience . A different political environment meant women were respected -- their intelligence and accomplishments greatly valued . My mother was a teacher and school administrator . She was known on campus for her confidence and effective leadership . My aunt was a professor at Kabul University . She inspired young men and women to be creative and poetic , furthering Afghanistan 's rich cultural and artistic legacy . My cousin was a physician . Men and women alike relied on her skill , strength and kindness . The women I have met in Afghanistan in recent years are equally talented . Though most have been denied education , survive without access to even basic health care and often lack even rudimentary shelter , they are determined , resilient , resourceful and optimistic . They have a truly indomitable spirit and are the real backbones of families and communities . If Aghanistan is to exist once again as a peaceful and thriving nation , it must make women 's rights one of the cornerstones of national reconstruction . Any peace negotiations with insurgent groups must ensure that Afghan women are able to exercise their rights and participate in every facet of Afghan society without fear of retribution . They must be given political , social and economic power to help usher in and sustain the country 's long-term redevelopment . Most importantly , Afghan women must be allowed the opportunity to be heard . As the International Conference on Afghanistan approaches in Bonn , Germany , world leaders must insist that women not only participate in the Afghan delegation but that all discussions around peace and reconciliation include how women will be involved . Afghan women 's voices are an indispensable resource and without them , the story of peace and prosperity can not be told . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Khaled Hosseini .	Khaled Hosseini : Oxfam report says Afghan women must have voice in Afghanistan He says women in Afghanistan have gained since Taliban days but are still denied rights He says women had positions , education and authority when he was growing up there Hosseini : A condition for groups to take part in rebuilding nation must be full rights for women
CNN  -- Facing a stopover of a few hours in Zurich ? Do n't waste it in the airport lounge . Check in your suitcase , and zip into the city for a brief encounter with a European cultural capital set amidst idyllic natural surroundings . Getting around Zurich airport , voted the world 's seventh best in the recent World Airport Awards , is a mere 10-minute train ride from the city center , with trains leaving about every 10 minutes . You can safely venture into the city without fear of missing your connection -- this being Switzerland , the trains run like clockwork . The Swiss are among the world 's biggest users of trains , second only to the Japanese , and insist on rail services that are reliably punctual . Zurich 's hyper-efficient Glattalbahn tram network is also invaluable for the time-pressed traveler . The number 10 service runs every seven to 15 minutes and connects Zurich Airport with the city 's centrally located main railway station . Situated at the northern tip of Lake Zurich , with a view of the Alps in the distance , Switzerland 's largest city has a rich history as a center of European high culture . With a heritage stretching back to Roman times , it is home to grand historic buildings and more than 50 museums , meaning travelers will find plenty to occupy themselves with . See also : Higher air fares , more mergers ? None of it comes cheaply though : Zurich recently overtook Tokyo to become the world 's most expensive city , according to the Worldwide Cost of Living Survey . To mitigate those expenses , even those on a flying visit will likely find it worthwhile buying a ZurichCARD , which can be bought at the service center at the airport or the railway station . The card , which costs 20 CHF  $ 21.60  for a 24-hour option , offers free travel on the city 's comprehensive public transport network of trains , trams , buses and boats , free admission to museums , and significant discounts on guided tours and other attractions . Given that the return train fare from the airport to the city center is 12.80 CHF  $ 13.80  , and the entry to the Kunsthaus , the city 's modern art museum , is 15 CHF  $ 16.20  , even if you only have time for one activity , the card will more than likely pay for itself . City tours Zurich Tourism advises taking a guided tour of the city , which can be booked through its website . Tours of the postcard scenes of the city 's historic Aldstadt , or Old Town , take two hours and run every day , while other tours visit key sites that give an insight into the city 's history -- the rise of guilds in the 14th century , or how the city became a stronghold of the Reformation . Another option visits Zurich West , the city 's former industrial district between the Limmat River and the railway , which is now a hip , grungy home of designer retailers and eateries . But if you prefer to go at your pace , most of the city 's attractions are concentrated in the Old Town , around the river and lakefront , with the rest easily accessed on Zurich 's celebrated public transport network , the world 's densest . See also : Singapore stopover : Make the most of your travel time Sights For a culture fix , head to the Kunsthaus , Switzerland 's most significant art collection , representing the important periods of European art from the Middle Ages . Just a few minutes walk away , toward the banks of the Limmat River , is the Grossmunster , a Romanesque-style protestant church that is one of the city 's three great churches . Climb the tower for a great view of the city . Five minutes walk across the Limmat is one of the city 's other major churches , the Fraumunster , featuring stained glass windows by celebrated Russian artist Marc Chagall . Behind the Fraumunster runs the Bahnhofstrasse , a mile-long shopping street that is one of the world 's most exclusive  and expensive  . If you have a few hours to spare before your flight , and feel like a bracing trip on the water , the ZurichCARD also allows for free travel on the boats plying Lake Zurich . Boat cruises on 90-minute round trips depart from the Lake Zurich Navigation Company 's depot on the waterfront at Burkliplatz , about five minutes walk from the Fraumunster . Fast food Sightseeing can work up a hunger and some of the city 's most distinctive dining experiences are to be had in the Old Town , housed in halls that were formerly home to the guilds that wielded power in the city . But on a tight time frame , it might make more sense to grab something on the go . Follow the crowds to the Sternengrill -- a mobile bratwurst vendor that is a city institution . Other Swiss specialties include soft , baguette-like pretzels loaded with savory fillings -- available city-wide from pretzel chain BrezelkÃ ¶ nig -- and fresh-cooked crepes smeared in apple sauce , which you can pick up from countless roadside vendors . Sated on street snacks and sightseeing , head back to the train station and make the short ride back to the airport content in the knowledge you 've done something more stimulating during your stopover than check your email .	Zurich airport 's proximity to the city and good rail link make a city visit essential on a stopover It 's a 10-minute trip from the airport to the town center , and trains are reliably punctual Situated on a lake , the city has great scenery and extensive art offerings It was recently voted the world 's most expensive city , so look at buying a discount card
CNN  -- A Coast Guardsman died Sunday after a "  suspicious " boat rammed his small vessel off the coast of Southern California , an official said . Chief Petty Officer Terrell Horne was one of two Coast Guard members thrown off their cutter 's small boat when the suspect 's panga-style vessel "  suddenly increased speed and maneuvered directly " at them , then struck the boat , said Capt. James Jenkins . Having a traumatic head injury , Horne was pronounced dead by emergency medical personnel upon his arrival on shore at Port Hueneme . "  Chief Petty Officer Horne was an outstanding Coast Guard member , " Jenkins said . "  And he gave his life in service , enforcing the laws of this nation . " The crew of a Coast Guard patrol aircraft spotted the panga-style boat near Santa Cruz Island , suspecting "  it was engaged in illegal activity , " said Jenkins , who did not elaborate on the type of activity . A panga is a work boat often used off the coast of Mexico or Central America that is engine-powered and typically 25 to 45 feet in length , the Coast Guard captain explained . The aircraft 's crew alerted the captain of the Cutter Halibut , an 87-foot patrol boat , which headed to the scene and noticed the panga "  operating with no lights . " A small boat was dispatched from the Halibut and headed closer to the suspect vessel . Then , the panga accelerated and hit the small boat , forcing Horne and another Coast Guard member overboard . Two Coast Guard colleagues on the same small boat "  quickly " recovered their shipmates , and all four boarded the Halibut as it headed to the nearest port . The other Coast Guardsman tossed overboard was treated and released later Sunday morning from a hospital after suffering "  relatively minor injuries , " Jenkins said . The panga boat fled the scene but was later interdicted by a different Coast Guard boat and helicopter , he added . Two people were then detained , the Coast Guard said in a news release , without specifying any charges . "  The Coast Guard , along with its law enforcement partners at the federal , state and local level , are actively working to make sure all of the individuals who are involved with this illegal activity are brought to justice , " Jenkins said .	Coast Guardsmen spot a suspicious panga boat near Santa Cruz Island , California Suspicious boat speeds up and hits a small Coast Guard boat , sending two overboard One of those Coast Guardsmen dies of a traumatic head injury The suspect boat is later interdicted , and two people are detained
CNN  -- Before NBC even aired "  Peter Pan Live ! " on Thursday night , its star , Allison Williams , asked viewers not to hate-watch it . Unfortunately , Tinkerbell did n't totally grant that wish . Although the live musical production garnered some celeb praise and a few pats on the back for its star , some critics and viewers concluded they were right to worry that it would n't fly . "  Peter Pan may have overcome the tyranny of time , but he could n't surmount the constrictions of a television screen , " wrote New York Daily News writer Don Kaplan . "  Or a wooden screenplay . " The special , which featured "  Girls " star Williams as the eternally young Pan and Christopher Walken as Captain Hook , had been highly anticipated after NBC 's ratings success with "  Sound of Music Live ! " starring Carrie Underwood . Deadline reported that the latest production tumbled in early ratings , down 46 % from last year 's live show . Though "  Sound of Music Live ! " did well with the numbers , it was ripped to shreds by some viewers , and the expectation was that the new show would n't be much better . But according to The Daily Beast 's Kevin Fallon , "  Peter Pan " proved to be just underwhelming . "  No , it 's not that Peter Pan Live ! was the ` Sound of Music Live ! ' train wreck our heads are still spinning over , like Carrie Underwood twirling maniacally on a soundstage hilltop , " Fallon wrote . "  It 's that ` Peter Pan Live ! ' was boring . " Perhaps trying to liven things up , viewers amused themselves on social media . One tweeted , "  Apparently Never Never Land is just a backdrop at Sears . #PeterPanLive . " Even "  Scrubs " star Zach Braff got in on the fun , tweeting , "  All of this needs more cowbell #PeterPanLive , " a nod to Walken 's now-classic "  SNL " skit . Actress Anna Kendrick tweeted , "  Increasingly worried this is going to turn into a "  Boys Do n't Cry " situation for Peter #PeterPanLive . " Walken did n't win any raves for his singing , but Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter found the actor to be "  simultaneously playing himself and playing Captain Hook , though for some long stretches one could n't be sure if he was forgetting lines left and right or just letting the play breathe . " "  Seriously , you ca n't underestimate the Walken Effect , " Goodman wrote . "  If you do n't like him , well , this was not a three-hour musical for you , because during vast stretches of it Walken seemed to be doing something else entirely than his fellow singers and actors . But for those who love the Cult of Christopher , that level of odd behavior , moments of outright weirdness and his own brand of playing cool in chaos was precisely what made NBC 's gambit work . " One person who knew all too well the experience of presenting a musical live on national TV gave it a thumbs up . "  I hope the cast & crew of #PeterPanLive feel so happy & proud right now , " Underwood tweeted . "  What an incredible thing you all were a part of tonight ! Amazing !!! " .	"  Peter Pan Live ! " starred Allison Williams , who asked viewers not to hate-watch But viewers amused themselves on social media The show earned some praise , though one critic called screenplay wooden
Soweto , South Africa  CNN  -- There are still bullet holes in the stained-glass windows of this church . They 're a reminder , Tommy Zwane says , of the dark days before Nelson Mandela became his country 's first democratically elected president . The Regina Mundi Catholic Church in Soweto was at the heart of the uprising against apartheid -- most famously on June 16 , 1976 , when young students rebelled against the education system and were fired upon by police . "  Things were difficult for everybody , for black people in this country . We used to run and come to this church to pray to God so that he could come and assist us , because we were in trouble at that time , " Zwane said . "  There was no understanding between us and the government of South Africa . " On Sunday , people filled the church 's pews for a very different reason -- to sing , pray and honor Mandela 's legacy days after his death in a home nearby . Services at churches , synagogues and mosques throughout South Africa honored Mandela . The national day of remembrance is one of a string of events planned to say farewell to the iconic figure who helped South Africa break the practice of racial segregation and end white minority rule . A massive memorial service is scheduled for Tuesday in Johannesburg 's FNB Stadium , which can hold 94,000 people . A state funeral will be held December 15 in Mandela 's ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province . At least 70 heads of state and 10 former heads of state have said they 're coming to South Africa this week , government international relations spokesman Clayson Monyela said . From the United States , officials said , U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will be accompanied by President Jimmy Carter , President George W. Bush and President Bill Clinton and their wives . More than two dozen U.S. lawmakers are also scheduled to attend . South African President Jacob Zuma , who announced Mandela 's death Thursday , used the revered leader 's well-known clan name Sunday as he asked churchgoers to remember the former president 's values . "  When I say we pray for the nation ,  it  is that we should pray for us not to forget some of the values that Madiba stood for , that he fought for , that he sacrificed his life for , " he said . "  He stood for freedom . He fought against those who oppressed others . He wanted everyone to be free . " In a suburb of Pretoria , parishioners said they were grateful for the man who saved them from revenge . "  His presence in our lives meant so much for the Afrikaaner people , allowed them to get rid of their guilt feelings and to participate in the journey that he invited us to join , " Wilhelm Jordaan said . In Soweto , Kathy and Stewart Allen said they do n't normally attend the Regina Mundi church . But they wanted to be there on Sunday . "  We believe that this church embodies all the history , and everything that he stood for , " Kathy Allen said . Once again , Stewart Allen said , Mandela has brought the country together . CNN 's Kim Norgaard and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report from Atlanta .	NEW : Official : 70 heads of state are coming to South Africa to honor Nelson Mandela Churchgoers in Soweto celebrate Nelson Mandela 's legacy Services are held nationwide on a day of remembrance for Mandela A state funeral will be held December 15
CNN  -- Calling him "  one of the most violent and despicable criminals in Boston history , " prosecutors argued Thursday that convicted mob boss Whitey Bulger should never set foot on the streets of that city -- or any city -- again . "  Having now been convicted of 31 felonies , including ... counts involving multiple murders , Bulger richly deserves to spend the rest of his life in jail , " U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz said in a sentencing memorandum filed Thursday . Bulger embarked on what prosecutors called "  a decades-long crime spree " and then went into hiding . He was finally found , after 16 years on the run , with his girlfriend , Catherine Greig , in Santa Monica , California , in 2011 . A two-month trial culminated in his conviction last August on various counts such as racketeering , extortion , and money laundering . The federal jury linked him to 11 murders ; the government had alleged he had a role in 19 such killings between 1973 and 1985 ; the jury said it had failed to prove his involvement in seven of those and had "  no finding " in the other . The 84-year-old 's sentencing hearing is set to begin Wednesday . The prosecutor noted that convictions on many of the counts mandate a life sentence . "  There are no mitigating factors , and defendant Bulger has no redeeming qualities , which would justify any sentence below the one called for by the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the applicable case law and statutes , " Ortiz wrote . The prosecutor also asked the court to take steps "  to prevent any money -- where earned from his crimes or obtained in the future -- from finding its way into Bulger 's pocket . " She also asked that restitution be paid to the murder victims . Paperwork filed earlier in federal court indicated Bulger generated well over $ 25 million in racketeering proceeds between 1972 and around 2000 , five years after he went on the lam after being tipped off by his rogue FBI informant to a pending indictment . The sentencing memorandum also summarized what the government describes as "  Bulger 's horrific crimes and sadistic behavior " as further proof "  that he deserves no mercy at the time of sentencing . " "  Presiding over a massive criminal enterprise , Bulger extorted dozens of individuals , flooded South Boston with cocaine , shot innocent people , strangled women , murdered his competitors , corrupted FBI agents , and then ran away and hid for 16 years , " the prosecutor said . Their judgment did n't improve during this summer 's trial , with Ortiz accusing Bulger of playing "  an elaborate game of ` Let 's Pretend ' " by denying being an FBI informant while at the same time insisting the federal government "  had given him full immunity . " CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	The sentencing for Whitey Bulger is set for November 13 The Boston mob boss was convicted on 31 counts tied to 11 murders Prosecutor says "  he richly deserves to spend the rest of his life in jail " "  There are no mitigating factors , and ... Bulger has no redeeming qualities , " she adds
CNN  -- Defending champion Petra Kvitova recovered from an early wobble to win 6-4 6-4 in her Wimbledon first-round match against Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova . Czech fourth seed Kvitova , who beat Maria Sharapova in last year 's final , fought back from 4-1 down in the first set against her 96th-ranked opponent on Tuesday . She proceeded to win the next seven games in succession , clinching the second set after a short rain delay . It was a gallant effort from Amanmuradova , who had lost all of her four previous first-round matches at the grass-court grand slam . "  I was nervous at the start . On grass you never know what to expect from me , " Kvitova said after the win . Women 's tennis battles to shunt the grunters The world No. 4 will next face either Italy 's Karin Knapp or Britain 's Elena Baltacha for a place in the last 32 . She was joined in the second round by four-time champion Serena Williams , after the American sixth seed beat Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-4 . Williams avoided the early exit suffered by her older sister Venus , who lost in the first round on Monday for the first time since her debut in 1997 . Belarus ' No. 2 seed Victoria Azarenka also made it safely through to the second round . The Australian Open champion defeated USA 's Irina Falconi 6-1 6-4 to set up a meeting against Switzerland 's Romina Oprandi . Ninth seed Marion Bartoli of France , who was runner-up in the tournament five years ago , came through 6-2 6-4 against Australia 's Casey Dellacqua . She will play Croatian Mirjana Lucic next . Nadal powers into men 's second round Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic will not feature in round two after suffering a surprise defeat . The 19th seed was comprehensively beaten 6-3 6-0 by Dutch debutant Kiki Bertens , and the 25-year-old has now fallen at the first hurdle for the fourth time in seven attempts in London . The 20-year-old Bertens , playing only her second grand slam after losing in the first round at the French Open , will next face Roland Garros quarterfinalist Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan . British teenager Laura Robson gave the home fans hope of a further upset before going down 2-6 6-4 6-4 to Italy 's No. 24 seed Francesca Schiavone . The 2009 quarterfinalist earned a second-round meeting with Czech No. 148 Kristyna Pliskova , who lost in her debut appearance last year but this time upset Slovenia 's 46th-ranked Polona Hercog 6-2 6-2 . Russian 12th seed Vera Zvonareva beat Germany 's Mona Barthel 2-6 7-6 6-4 , and the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up will next play Spanish debutant Silvia Soler-Espinosa .	Petra Kvitova starts Wimbledon defense with 6-4 6-4 win over Akgul Amanmuradova Serena Williams beats Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-4 No. 2 seed Victoria Azarenka overcomes the USA 's Irina Falconi 6-1 6-4 No. 19 seed Lucie Safarova beaten 6-3 6-0 by Kiki Bertens of the Netherlands
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed a hat-trick as Real Madrid crushed Malaga 7-0 to close the gap on Spanish league leaders Barcelona . The Portuguese striker ended his four-match goal drought in style as Jose Mourinho 's side reduced Barca 's advantage at the top of La Liga to seven points . Second-bottom Malaga had no answer to a powerful attacking display and finished the game with nine men after defender Manolo was sent off and Cala limped off injured after they had made all their permitted substitutions . Malaga coach Manuel Pelligrini , who was replaced at Real Madrid by Mourinho , chose to rest some of his best players and the decision came back to haunt him at the Bernabeu . France international Karim Benzema began the rout after 27 minutes when he diverted Xabi Alonso 's free kick into the net . Angel Di Maria added a second nine minutes later after capitalizing on a missed interception to slot the ball into the bottom corner . Just before the break Marcelo slammed Di Maria 's pass into the corner of the net to make it 3-0 . There was no let up after the interval as Ronaldo rounded off a flowing move to register a fourth before Benzema got his second with a header from Marcelo 's cross . Manolo handled in the area to give Real a penalty and was shown a second yellow card by the referee . Ronaldo made no mistake from the spot . And the striker completed his hat-trick by converting Sergio Canales ' cross at the near post with 13 minutes remaining before asking to be substituted .	Real Madrid beat Malaga 7-0 in Spain 's La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick as Real close gap on leaders Barcelona Karim Benzema scores twice as Real move to within seven points of Barca
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- President Barack Obama arrived in South Korea on Sunday for a three-day trip centered on an international nuclear security summit in Seoul . He flew into Seoul , where he is expected to hold a bilateral meeting with his South Korean counterpart Lee Myung-bak . Top officials from 54 countries , including China and Russia , will attend the summit meeting on Monday and Tuesday . But its message of international cooperation has been overshadowed by North Korea 's announcement last week that it is planning to carry out a rocket-powered satellite launch in April . South Korea has said it considers the satellite launch an attempt to develop a nuclear-armed missile , while the United States has warned the move would jeopardize a food-aid agreement reached with Pyongyang in early March . President Lee has already said he will use the summit to drum up international support against the actions of his northern neighbor . North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and has invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch . North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  cited a spokesman from the Secretariat of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea as denouncing the South for working to turn the summit "  into a platform for  an  international smear campaign " against the North . The North has a right to a nuclear deterrent and to conduct a "  satellite launch for peaceful purposes , " the committee 's statement said , and will take "  counter-measures " if the South stirs up international criticism of its actions . Against that tense backdrop , Obama is scheduled on Sunday to visit for the first time the demilitarized zone that splits the Korean Peninsula in two . He will also meet with some of the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea , two of his top national security advisers said Tuesday during a conference call . Although Obama himself has not been to the demilitarized zone during his two previous trips to South Korea as president , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton paid a visit to the area in 2010 . And Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , used binoculars to peer into North Korea from a sandbagged bunker on the southern side of the border in 2002 . The date of Obama 's visit " is virtually two years to the day " since the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , which left 46 Southern sailors dead , said Daniel Russel , director for Japan , South Korea , and North Korea at the U.S. National Security Council . South Korea says a North Korean torpedo attack was to blame for the ship 's sinking . The North has denied the accusation . In a dramatic reminder of the U.S. military presence in South Korea , an American F-16 fighter jet crashed Wednesday near Kunsan airbase on the western coast of South Korea . The jet 's pilot safely ejected before the crash , and no casualties were reported , said Maj. Eric Badger , public affairs officer of the 7th Air Force . Seoul 's nuclear summit will be the second after Obama hosted the first meeting in Washington in 2010 . He initiated the biennial summit after presenting his vision of a nuclear-free world in Prague in April 2009 . The official agenda will deal with nuclear terrorism and how to secure the world 's nuclear material . Although North Korea is not on the agenda , it is likely to be discussed on the sidelines . Pyongyang announced this month it would carry out a "  satellite launch " in mid-April to commemorate the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the country 's founder . Using ballistic missile technology , however , is in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874 and against a deal struck with the United States earlier this month that it would not carry out nuclear or missile tests in return for food aid . Pyongyang has said it will see any critical statement of its nuclear program as "  a declaration of war . " Concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , again not on the official agenda , will also be discussed in bilateral meetings between leaders . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Shruti Pant , Jethro Mullen and Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	The South is running a "  smear campaign " against its neighbor - North Korean state media South Korea is preparing to host a high-profile nuclear security summit U.S. President Barack Obama will be among more than 50 heads of state at the meeting He will visit the demilitarized zone between South and North Korea for the first time Sunday
CNN  From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone , the United States ' national parks were made for you and me . And for Saturday and Sunday , they 're also free . Though most of the National Park Service 's 407 sites are free year-round , the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days . It 's all part of National Park Week , happening April 18 through April 26 , and it 's hosted by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation . Check out night-time astronomy parties , daytime Revolutionary War programs , Earth Day parties and family-friendly Junior Ranger activities at national park sites across the country . Not sure how to start ? Go to FindYourPark.com to learn more about park sites near you . Go to www.nationalparkweek.org for more ideas on how to explore . Then the park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #FindYourPark and at FindYourPark.com .	It 's National Park Week , and that means the parks are free April 18-19 Stargazing , Revolutionary War programs and other fun happens this week
CNN  -- Barbara A. Mosgrave of Annandale , Virginia , does n't remember the first time it happened . It 's still a blur . But she thinks the episodes began about 50 years ago . At least that 's when she remembers someone telling her she was talking gibberish . "  My friends would look at me and say ` What are you talking about ? ' At 71 , Mosgrave knows to expect the unexpected . Since she was a teen she has suffered from serious migraines . "  The kind that cause you to go into a dark room , and shut the door ; the pain is that bad , " she says . But she knew how to control them , and why they were happening . Yet , when it came to her speech , that was different . "  I had no idea that I was babbling , " she admits . Yet when people began telling her at times she did n't make any sense , she started to wonder ; why were her words and phrases coming out all wrong ? At first , Mosgrave thought she might be having mini-strokes , but when she went to numerous neurologists they all told her the same thing : She was suffering from a form of headache classified as a complex migraine . Do you live with complex migraines ? Share your advice "  What makes a complex migraine different from the common migraine is that neurologic event outlasts the headache itself , " says Dr. Marc Schlosberg , a neurologist at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. , and Mosgrave 's physician . According to the National Headache Foundation , 23 million Americans suffer from some form of unusual migraines that could be termed complex . These headaches are more common in women and can occur at any age . Although there are different forms of complex migraines , all occur when blood vessels over dilate , when there 's a decrease of blood flowing to the brain , or when the trigeminal nerve , found in the brain and responsible for sensation in the face , becomes irritated . "  It can affect virtually any part of the brain , " notes Schlosberg . "  It 's a complicated chemical reaction we call "  spreading depression . " Part of the brain hyper-polarizes . That part of the brain does n't receive as much blood supply , because the brain is n't signaling correctly . " Symptoms from these migraines can range from coldness in hands and feet , to dull aches , to a loss of sensation or paralysis , even weakness and nausea . In Mosgrave 's case , as well as in the case of reporter Serene Branson who began talking gibberish during a live shot after the Grammys , the ability to speak was affected . "  Migraines that are associated with this type of speech deficit can be understood in the same way that strokes can be understood , " explains Schlosberg . "  Different types of language problems can occur as different parts of the brain are affected . " "  In the case of the reporter at the Grammys , the type of speech problem she had is what we called Wernicke 's aphasia , " continues Schlosberg . "  Her speech was fluent , but the words that were coming out were nonsensical . " And complicated migraines can go hand in hand with a number of other serious conditions , including depression , strokes , even heart abnormalities . And that worries Mosgrave . "  If you know anything about migraines , as I do , "  says Mosgrave , " you know there 's a connection to a lot of different problems . How can you not think about those ? " Although migraines themselves can be treated with medication , the drugs are n't always foolproof . Even if medications can cut down on the episodes and in some cases , the pain , complex migraines , can pop up at any time , no matter what drugs a patient is on . Mosgrave says she never knows when an episode will happen . Most of the time she 's alone , with just her cat , Psyche , but even her feline friend , "  cocks her head to the side as if I 'm just making sounds , " Mosgrave chuckles . "  They do n't seem to happen a lot , " she believes . "  Maybe two or three times a year . When I think they are happening , I just lie down and try to let them pass . " Schlosberg says , in Mosgrave 's case her nonsensical words are n't confined to just her speech . Over the years , Schlosberg has received e-mails from Mosgrave , filled with words that make no sense . He says that 's pretty rare . Although Mosgrave says she 's learned how to live with these headaches , there 's always that worry that her complex migraines may be precursors to something more dangerous . She lost her partner almost 30 years ago to a stroke . He , too , suffered from migraines "  It 's scary " says Mosgrave with a sigh . "  But you have to live with it , the same as you live with a lot of things in this world . "	National Headache Foundation says 23 million Americans suffer from unusual migraines Expert says complex migraines are when neurologic event outlasts the headache Complicated migraines can go hand in hand with a number of other serious conditions
CNN  -- Seven leaders of Iran 's Baha'i minority went on trial in Tehran Tuesday accused of spying for Israel , a charge their supporters say is motivated by religious discrimination . The seven -- two women and five men -- are also accused of spreading propaganda against the Islamic republic and committing religious offenses , charges that can carry the death penalty . "  We understand that no observers were allowed in the court , " said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland . "  We understand that even the lawyers had to argue their way inside the court -- lawyers who , in any case , had virtually no access to the accused for nearly two years . " At the same time , interrogators from the intelligence ministry and a film crew were seen going into the courtroom , Ala'i said . "  We find this completely outrageous , given that these seven have been held purely because of their religious beliefs , in total contradiction to any human rights standards , " she said . They have been held at Tehran 's Evin prison since their arrests in March and May 2008 . Their trial was delayed twice . Ala'i said it was because the Iranian regime had no basis for a case . The U.S. State Department on Monday condemned Iran 's decision to try the leaders . "  Authorities have detained these persons for more than 20 months , without making public any evidence against them and giving them little access to legal counsel , " the department said in a statement . Leonard Leo , U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom chairman , said his group is "  extremely concerned about the fate of the seven " -- who risk facing the death penalty . "  It appears that the Iranian government has already predetermined the outcome , and is once again using its courts as an instrument of religious persecution in blatant violation of international human rights law , " Leo said . "  We commend the U.S. government on its strong statement of today and we urge the international community to put the Iranian government on notice that they will be held to account should the sham trial continue this week . " USCIRF is an independent , bipartisan U.S. federal government commission that reviews information about violations of religious freedom across the world and makes policy recommendations to the president , the secretary of state and Congress . The Baha'i faith originated in 19th century Persia , but the constitution of today 's Islamic republic does not recognize it as a religion and considers followers as apostates . The Iranian government denies mistreating Baha'is , who number about 300,000 in Iran and are the nation 's largest non-Muslim religious minority , according to Baha'i International . But the Baha'is say believers in Iran are victims of systematic discrimination and targets of violence .	The seven are charged with spying , spreading propaganda against Iran and religious offenses The U.S. State Department has condemned Iran 's decision to try the leaders The Baha'i faith are the nation 's largest non-Muslim religious minority
President Barack Obama will join Stephen Colbert as one of the final guests of "  The Colbert Report " during a taping in Washington , D.C. on Monday . With just eight episodes left before the satirical news show comes to a close , Colbert will interview Obama at The George Washington University 's Lisner Auditorium . The appearance will be Obama 's first on the show , minus a cameo appearance in 2009 via video "  ordering " U.S. Army General Ray Odierno to shave Colbert 's head . Obama might have to brace for some post-midterm gloating from the faux-conservative host as the episode is titled , "  Stephen Colbert Presents : Mr. Colbert Goes to Washington D.C. Ya Later , Legislator : Partisan is Such Sweet Sorrow : A Colbert Victory Lap , ' 014 . " Colbert -- very much in character -- noted in a university release that "  The Colbert Report " is no stranger to Washington , D.C. , though the city may need to brace itself . "  Washington has been the Report 's second home , and I will be returning on Monday to show it the same affection the British did in 1812 , " Colbert said . Obama will be the second member of the first family to be interviewed by Colbert : Michelle Obama appeared on the program in 2012 . GW students got the chance to vie for free tickets to the taping this week , before Obama was announced as the show 's guest . Obama 's visit to the university 's campus will be his sixth , according to a university release . Colbert previously appeared at the university 's Lisner Auditorium in 2007 to discuss his book "  I Am America  And So Can You !  " with the late Tim Russert of NBC News . "  The Colbert Report " is ending this year as Colbert takes over "  The Late Show " from David Letterman in 2015 .	Colbert will interview President Obama on Monday at The George Washington University The interview will be the President 's first on the program First Lady Michelle Obama previously appeared in 2012 The Comedy Central show has just eight episodes left before it ends
CNN  -- OK , go ahead and get the "  Where 's my global warming ? " jokes out of your system . With the U.S. Midwest trudging through its second blizzard in a week , we understand . But while it may seem contradictory at first , scientists say bigger blizzards fit the pattern they expect to see from a changing climate . The immediate meteorological cause of the back-to-back snowstorms is a colder-than-normal mass of air that 's been hovering over the central United States , combined with an amped-up jet stream that 's been dipping south from Canada . That makes conditions ripe for major snowstorms after a warmer-than-normal January for most of the Lower 48 . "  Once you get into a pattern that sets up these storms , they can repeat themselves , " National Weather Service Director Louis Uccellini told CNN . The 21 inches that fell on Wichita , Kansas , in February just broke a monthly snowfall record set in 1913 . Amarillo , Texas , saw 19 inches of snow on Monday alone , a total greater than its annual average and smashing a daily record of 12 inches that had stood since 1893 . As researchers are quick to point out , weather is different than climate . Weather is what happens today , while climate involves trends in temperature and precipitation over decades . But global average temperatures are up about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit  0.8 degrees Celsius  since the 1880s , according to NASA , and because warmer air holds more moisture , a cold snap is likely to leave more snow on the ground . "  We have to keep in mind that in any given winter , you 're going to have some big snowstorms , " said Marshall Shepherd , a research meteorologist at the University of Georgia . "  But we 're loading the dice or stacking the deck toward more intense blizzards . " While the idea of long-term climate change is a controversial notion politically , it 's accepted as fact by most researchers . The warming trend is expected to continue if heat-trapping carbon dioxide -- a byproduct of fossil fuels -- continues to build up in the atmosphere . Sarah Kapnick , who studies snowfall patterns and climate at Princeton University , said the overall trend for snowfall in the western United States is down . Kapnick said her recent research points to more snow at high elevations and the Arctic , but the rest of the country would see less . "  The seasonal cycle is changing , and less of it accumulating , " Kapnick said . Shepherd said scientists ca n't attribute any one storm to the effects of climate change , any more than they can point to a single home run as evidence that a baseball player has been using steroids . "  But when we get blizzards , they 'll be stronger , " he said .	A warming climate will mean worse storms but less snow overall , scientists say Warmer air holds more water , "  loading the dice " toward bigger storms , one says Back-to-back blizzards have broken snow records in Kansas and Texas
CNN  -- With a crushing right hand , Juan Manuel Marquez knocked out Manny Pacquiao in the sixth round of a non-title bout in Las Vegas late Saturday , scoring a definitive victory after three previous bouts that ended in close judgments . The fight came to an end 2:59 into the sixth round , after Juan Manuel Marquez landed a right hand to Manny Pacquiao 's face , knocking him cold late Saturday at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . Pacquiao went down face-first and lay motionless for a while , possibly unconscious , before eventually sitting up . It was called a technical knockout and Marquez declared the winner . Pacquiao shook Marquez ' hand after getting back on his feet . The loss to his arch rival comes as a second severe blow to Pacquiao 's career this year . He lost his title to American Timothy Bradley in June . Saturday 's fight was originally scheduled for 12 rounds . Both fighters scored a knock-down earlier in the fight with Marquez sending Pacquiao flying onto his back and Pacquiao tipping Marquez enough off of his feet to cause one of his gloves to touch the mat . Former presidential hopeful Mitt Romney was at ringside with his wife Ann and shook Pacquiao 's hand before the match to wish him success . Pacquiao is an elected congressman in his native Philippines . Actor Steven Seagal and Basketball legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson could be seen at the match , and former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson tweeted that he was also in attendance . It 's a rare case when it takes a fourth fight to satisfy the fighters , the fans and the press . Boxers often have other rivals to battle , and younger fighters come along deserving their shots . But for Pacquiao  now 54-5-2 , 38 KOs  and Marquez  now 55-6-1 , 40 KOs  , their legacies required at least one more battle in the ring . Pacquiao has , in the eyes of the judges , won two of the previous matches . The first was ruled a tie . He believes he won all three . Marquez fervently believes he won all three . At a press conference announcing the fight , Pacquiao used his thumb to scratch into the tablecloth , "  We need to win by knockout " for his trainer Freddie Roach to see . "  I said , ` Yes , we do , ' " Roach said . He did n't think it likely that judges would hand a third decision victory to his fighter . Marquez has also said that he believed he needed to score a knockout to put all doubts to rest . Pacquiao 's prior opponent gave him a taste of what Marquez has felt during the reading of the scorecards for their battles . It appeared Pacquiao dominated Bradley in a 12-round welterweight title fight in June , but he lost the decision on two of the three judges ' scorecards . Bradley walked off with the WBO belt . Public sentiment and the opinion of sports media on Marquez ' and Pacquiao 's previous bouts have fallen mostly in the middle . What everyone agrees on is that the fights have been great . Pacquiao has come hard after Marquez , who has counter-punched superbly . Pacquiao has knocked Marquez down four times , three of which came in the first round of the first fight . Had the referee stopped the fight , as they often do after a boxer falls three times , the trilogy would have been a quick one-night stand , or one-night fall , as it were . Now the two fighters are forever linked , and there is a clear victor . CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	It is the first time either fighter knocked out the other The first three fights resulted in a draw and two close wins for Manny Pacquiao Mitt Romney wished Pacquiao luck before the fight
AOL Autos  -- There is an old adage which goes something like this : "  The cheap man always pays more in the long run . " Consumer Reports analyzed the cost of ownership across the 300 models in their database . Consumer Reports magazine recently reached a similar conclusion when it announced the results of a study that compared the cost of ownership of more than 300 cars . Consumer Reports noted that a car with a cheaper sticker price can often cost consumers more in the long run when compared to a higher-priced alternative . The report , which appeared in Consumer Reports ' Annual April Auto Issue , was based on a comparison of the 300 models in the Consumer Reports database . In short , the report concluded that a car 's sticker price is one of many factors that should be taken into account when trying to decide between two cars in the same class . For example , at about $ 17,500 , a Mitsubishi Lancer is priced $ 5,000 less than a Mini Cooper . But when factoring in the total costs of ownership for each vehicle , the Lancer could cost drivers about $ 3,000 more to own over the first five years , according to the study . And the purchase price of a Toyota Highlander is about $ 3,000 more than a V6 Ford Explorer -- but the Explorer 's total cost of ownership is an extra $ 6,500 over those five years . The study took into account such factors as depreciation , fuel costs , interest paid on the car loan , insurance , maintenance , repair costs and sales tax . Online subscribers to www.ConsumerReports.org can compare the costs for one , three , five and eight years of ownership . "  We think this information is valuable for consumers who have shopped around , and settled on a couple of different cars they like , and then have to decide on one or the other , " noted Cliff Weathers , Consumer Reports ' deputy editor , autos . "  We 're giving this information to the consumer to use as a tool to help them make that decision , a tie-breaker , if you will . "  If they 're trying to decide between a Pontiac Solstice and Mazda Miata , for example , they can go to our Web site and find out which one will cost less to own over that five-year period . And in this particular case , the answer would be the Miata -- which was one of the least expensive cars to own of all the cars evaluated in our survey . " Depreciation was factored into the estimates based on the assumption that the vehicle will eventually be traded in when buyers make their next car purchase . "  Depreciation is the factor that accounts for the highest cost of ownership , " Weathers explained . "  Depreciation accounts for 48 percent of the cost of ownership over the first five years . " Different models depreciate faster , and more significantly , than others . In order to calculate depreciation for this owner-cost comparison , Consumer Reports started with the price that a typically-equipped model generally sells for . If a particular model often sells at a largely-discounted price that was also factored in . Consumer Reports then deducted the wholesale trade-in value of the car at the end of the period , based on data from their Used Car Price Service , Weathers explained . In those cases when Consumer Reports did n't have depreciation data for a new model , it used estimates based on comparable vehicles . The Fuel Factor The second-biggest factor in cost-of-ownership , after depreciation , is fuel costs , which account for 21 percent of the total ownership costs . "  Fuel economy can really make a big difference , " Weathers said . "  If you have a car that gets 25 miles per gallon , and another car that gets 19 miles per gallon , that 's a potential difference of thousands of dollars over five years , if you 're driving 12,000 miles a year . " Consumer Reports calculated fuel costs by assuming that the vehicles would be driven 12,000 miles a year -- the average annual mileage reported by those who responded to Consumer Reports ' annual reader survey . Consumer Reports then applied the national average price of regular gas as of December 2007 or , if applicable , the price of premium or diesel fuel . Fuel costs were an especially big factor with SUVs , the comparison revealed . Drivers who buy a Dodge Nitro could pay more than $ 10,000 to fill up the tank over a five-year period , for example . But the fuel costs for a similar-sized , more fuel-efficient Toyota RAV4 V6 would be $ 2,000 less during that period . Consumer Reports ' comparison also concluded that interest paid on car loans accounts for about 12 percent of five-year ownership costs . That figure is based on a five-year loan , with a 15 percent down payment , using the average interest rate of 6.86 percent reported by Bankrate.com in December 2007 . Auto insurance accounts for about 11 percent of total ownership costs over five years , according to the Consumer Reports comparison . Car insurance costs can vary depending on several factors such as the driver 's age , location , and driving record . Auto insurance costs , in some cases , dramatically boosted the ownership costs of models that otherwise boasted reasonable ownership costs . As an example , Weathers compared the difference in auto insurance rates for Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution and a similarly-priced Acura TL . "  Insurance for the Lancer can cost you $ 2,500 a year or more , based our 2007 figures , " notes Weathers . "  Meanwhile , the annual car insurance rates for the Acura TL can cost as little as $ 900 . " Maintenance & Repairs Surprisingly , maintenance and car repairs account for only four percent of the cost of ownership , Weathers said . The maintenance and repair cost figures used in Consumer Reports ' cost of ownership comparison were based on information gleaned from more than a million respondents in its annual Car Reliability Survey . One notable conclusion reached in the Consumer Reports study is that Lexus models have relatively high maintenance and repair costs -- primarily due to maintenance alone , even though Lexus owners reported excellent reliability . The Lexus ES350 racks up an average of $ 2,300 in maintenance and repair in the first five years . Meanwhile , owners of a comparable Lincoln MKZ can expect to pay only half that much . Another interesting tidbit discovered in the comparison is that the Range Rover is the most expensive vehicle on average for five and eight years when it comes to maintenance and repairs , costing about $ 2,000 in the fifth year alone . Meanwhile , the comparable Toyota Land Cruiser costs only $ 600 in that year to maintain and repair . Some might be surprised to hear that the sales tax on the purchase price of the vehicle accounts for as much of the cost of ownership as maintenance and repairs . For its study , Consumer Reports used the national average of 4.83 percent in 2007 . With hybrid cars being a hot topic in the auto industry , Consumer Reports was also interested in the cost of owning one of those fuel-sipping vehicles . The report concluded that Toyota Prius hybrid actually costs less to own than similar conventional models . Specifically , the sale price of a Prius is about $ 7,500 higher than a similarly-sized Chevrolet Cobalt , but the total cost of ownership over five years is almost $ 2,000 less - due primarily to its much lower fuel costs , although the amount of depreciation was a factor as well . Weathers pointed to another interesting finding : "  There are some vehicles , namely BMW , that are very inexpensive to own over first five years , because all of the maintenance is paid for during that period , under the warranty , " he says . "  But if we take it forward , the cost of maintenance and repairs over the next three years after that is going to be more expensive . " For more information on this study , visit www.ConsumerReports.org . To compare vehicle prices and specs for yourself , check out the AOL Autos Compare Cars tool . E-mail to a friend	A car with a cheaper sticker price can often cost consumers more in the long run Report based on comparison of the 300 models in Consumer Reports database Second-biggest factor in cost-of-ownership , after depreciation , is fuel costs Maintenance and car repairs account for only four percent of the cost of ownership
CNN  -- Few people like Monday mornings and for world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , his latest in Melbourne very nearly signalled the end of his quest to win a third consecutive Australian Open title . The Serbian survived an epic fourth round encounter with Stanislas Wawrinka that stretched beyond 1.30 am local time , eventually wrapping up a monumental 1-6 7-5 6-4 6-7 12-10 victory . Djokovic ripped his shirt off to celebrate a triumph that had looked in serious doubt for nearly five exhausting hours , while his Swiss opponent departed from the court on the verge of tears . It keeps alive the 25-year-old 's hopes of becoming the first man in the Open era post 1968 to record a successive hat-trick of titles in Melbourne , in a match that had echoes of his 2012 final win over Rafael Nadal . "  It 's hard to find the words , " a drained Djokovic said in an on court interview . "  He deserved , equally , to be a winner of this match . I give him a lot of credit and respect . "  He was the aggressive player on the court , I was just trying to hang in there . It 's midway through the tournament but it feels like a final to me . This means a lot to me , and to him . "  Incredible that so many people stayed until nearly two in the morning . It brings back the memories of 12 months ago with Rafa . " Wawrinka gave notice of his intent by wrapping up the first set 6-1 in just 25 minutes before normal order was resumed as Djokovic regained his composure to push into a 2-1 lead . But Wawrinka battled hard and ensured a deciding set when he took his third set point as the fourth went into a tiebreak . After swapping breaks early in the fifth set , both men repeatedly retained their serve as the epic match pushed into the early hours of Monday morning . Djokovic held to move into an 11-10 lead and then carved out two match points in the 22nd game of the decider . Wawrinka saved two but it proved third time lucky for Djokovic as his passing shot ended the match in front of an exhilarated crowd . Djokovic will now face Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinal after the Czech fifth seed coolly disposed of South African Kevin Anderson 6-3 6-2 7-6 . Elsewhere , Spain 's fourth seed David Ferrer cruised past Japan 's No. 17 seed Kei Nishikori with a 6-1 6-2 6-4 win to set up a clash with fellow countryman Nicolas Almagro . He progressed after opponent Janko Tipsarevic retired in the second set . In the women 's draw , second seed Maria Sharapova relinquished just one game as she raced to an emphatic 6-1 6-0 victory over unseeded Belgian Kirsten Flipkens . The Russian has dropped just five games in her four matches in Melbourne -- an Australian Open record -- and says she is loving her tennis at the start of the 2013 season . "  I love competing , " she told the Australian Open 's official website . "  There 's nothing in the world that gives you that adrenalin feel , just being in the moment of a match . There 's nothing that I 've done in my life that has given me that experience . "  It takes a lot to get to that moment , a feeling , whether it 's pressure or nerves , excitement , it 's a combination of those things , but that feeling , and getting through it and winning , beating your opponent , as an athlete . " Sharapova wrapped up the second set in just 25 minutes to set up an all-Russian quarterfinal against Ekaterina Makarova , the No. 19 seed , who knocked out fifth seed Angelique Kerber 7-5 6-4 . Kerber , from Germany , suffered with a back injury during the match helping Makarova to reach the last eight for the second time in succession in Melbourne . Fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , from Poland , defeated 2008 French Open champion Ana Ivanovic , from Serbia , 6-2 6-4 . She will now face China 's Li Na in the last eight after the 2011 French Open champion beat German 18th seed Julia Goerges 7-6 6-1 .	Defending champion Novak Djokovic survives five-set epic to defeat Stanislas Wawrinka Serbian world No. 1 wins 1-6 7-5 6-4 6-7 12-10 to maintain Australian Open defense David Ferrer , Nicolas Almagro and Tomas Berdych all through to quarterfinals Maria Sharapova , Agnieszka Radwanska and Li Na through to last eight in women 's draw
CNN  -- Marina Abramovic is fixing her deep brown eyes on me . She gently takes my hand and leads me across London 's Serpentine Gallery 's marble floor , to a window whose white blinds are obscuring the greenery of Hyde Park beyond . She places her hand reassuringly on my back and whispers : "  Ten minutes like this . " Frankly , if she had asked me to stay there forever , I would have probably agreed . I have been charmed by the self-styled grandmother of performance art . The legendary Serbian-born New York-based artist is in London for the biggest show of her career , and she is revealing a small glimpse of it to a room full of enchanted international journalists . Entitled 512 Hours , the exhibition will see Abramovic in residence at the Serpentine Gallery for 64 days , spending eight hours a day with no breaks trying to create art out of nothing . The museum walls have been stripped , and there are some folding chairs and beds which she may or may not use in storage , but essentially , Abramovic is relying purely on an exchange of energy with her audience . "  It took me 25 years to gather courage , concentration and knowledge to come to this " the formidable artist says , clad in an almost monastic outfit of black high-neck shirt , long overcoat and dark trousers . "  It 's difficult to say what I 'm going to do because I do n't know . What I do know is that in this piece I have to give not 100 , but 120 per cent of myself , because only then I can create energy out of empty space . " If this seems like an audacious proposal , Abramovic has managed to do something similar with aplomb before . For her 2010 retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art in New York , over 850,000 people queued day and night just to sit opposite her , many breaking down in tears when finally faced with her . Mesmerizing appeal It 's hard to think of another artist who can draw monumental crowds with such an airy concept , but after spending half an hour with Abramovic , you start to see the pull . Strikingly beautiful in the flesh and looking two decades younger than her 67 years , she exudes a mesmerizing mix of hypnotic energy , reassuring warmth and sharp wit . Even so , what makes people from all walks of life , as seen in New York , wait for hours just to be in her presence ? "  Connection , " says Julia Peyton-Jones , co-director of the Serpentine Gallery , who first invited Abramovic to stage a show after she won the Golden Lion at the Venice Biennale in 1997 . "  When we grow older we lose that connection with other people , and Marina helps us regain it through her . " In a career spanning over 40 years , Abramovic has constantly challenged the notions of what art should be , using her body as an instrument , and sometimes risking her life in the process . She has lain inside a burning star of sawdust , had a crossbow pointed to her heart , and even allowed the audience to prod and cut her naked body as she lay motionless . "  Every performance has a concept , and when I set out the rules I stick to them no matter what , "  the artist told me over the phone when I interviewed her about the Marina Abramovic Institute , a space she is creating in Hudson , New York , for development and study of performance art . "  Even if in the end I do n't survive , I do n't care , " she says . Iron willpower This steely resolve could be attributed to her upbringing in post-World War II Belgrade , as the daughter of two national heroes ordained for bravery . Her family valued achievement above all , and household rules were strict : "  Until I was 29 years old and left home I had a curfew of 10 pm , so all my performances had to be done by that time . "  I think I inherited self-control and discipline from my parents , and the idea that your personal life is n't important , but that what you achieve matters , " she explained in her thick Slavic accent , only slightly softened by the years she has spent abroad . However , her ascetic approach to her craft has not stopped her from being the darling of the celebrity art circuit . She has danced with Jay Z in his music video , counts James Franco and Lady Gaga as loyal fans and friends , and was named as one of Time Magazine 's most influential people of 2014 . These mainstream accolades have led some critics to accuse Abramovic of losing her avant-garde edge , a judgment that does n't seem to faze her : "  I stepped out of an art context into a much larger context , but if anything , I have become more radical . At my age I should be having a nice retrospective , go on holidays , but instead , I decided to push myself like never before and create art out of nothing , it 's not easy you know , " she says laughing . It takes less than 10 minutes in her company to see that for Abramovic , art and life are one thing . Even the act of breaking up with her lover and collaborator of many years Ulay was a performance -- they both walked the Great Wall of China from opposite directions , meeting for one final embrace in the middle . Her unconventional lifestyle has left little place for other people in her world , but you get the sense that the way she lives is less of a choice and more of a necessity : "  I wake up every day with so many ideas , and the desire to create is as strong as the need to breathe . For me , art is my cause , " the formidable artist tells me . For those who have hoped to snap a selfie with the grand dame at her Serpentine show , bitter disappointment awaits -- Abramovic is asking her audience to leave their gadgets at home : "  I do n't want people to blog or Tweet it without experiencing it . The now is the only reality we have in our lives , " she says . It seems that at a time when the pace of life threatens to engulf us , Marina Abramovic wants us to slow down and live in the present . Read more : Gerda Taro : The forgotten war photographer you should know Read more : The evolution of Mariah Carey : From wide-eyed teen to songbird supreme Read more : If the shoe fits ... Sarah Jessica Parker teams up with Manolo Blahnik CEO	Performance artist Marina Abramovic is staging her most controversial show yet She will spend 64 days trying to create art out of empty space at London 's Serpentine Gallery The Serbian born New York artist was named one of Time 's most influential people of 2014 She counts James Franco and Lady Gaga as loyal fans and friends
CNN  -- Roger Federer dropped his serve just once during a two-hour battle with Andy Roddick at the Miami Masters , but it was enough to end the former world No. 1 's 16-match winning streak . Federer , who has already clinched three titles in 2012 , boasts a strong record against world No. 34 Roddick and has beaten the American in four major finals among his record 16 grand slam crowns . But Roddick , the U.S. Open champion in 2003 , dug deep to record a 7-6  7-4  1-6 6-4 win -- only his third over the Swiss in 24 meetings and his second at the U.S. hard-court event . "  For me , it was obviously a tough loss , " Federer told the tournament 's official website . "  The one service game where I got broken , he really goes for it and it all works out . "  I had my chances . I thought Andy did well to get the first , and then to put me in the situation I guess in the third . I could have been up a break early in the third , but he did well also to fight off those break points . He served really well . " Roddick , a two-time winner in Miami , set up a last-16 tie against Argentine 21st seed Juan Monaco . "  It was kind of a game of chess , " said Roddick , also a former world No. 1 . "  I stayed back on the returns , which is something I have not done with him often early on . I think he might have been a little bit surprised by it . "  He started coming in a lot and putting the pressure on me , and it was 6-1 in the second and 0-40 early in the third . It was apparent that that was n't going to work much longer . "  So I said , ` Well , all right . Let 's kinda go over the top aggressive . ' I was able to get out of that game and play that really good game to break , and then my serve held up from there . " Defending champion Novak Djokovic had no such problems , as the world No. 1 won 6-3 6-4 against fellow Serb and 27th seed Viktor Troicki to set up a clash with Frenchman Richard Gasquet . "  Generally , I feel that I have been playing well in my first two matches , " the 2012 Australian Open champion said . "  I did have some ups and downs , especially in today 's match , but I 'm confident that I can raise the level of performance in every match . " Spanish fifth seed David Ferrer and 2009 U.S. Open winner Juan Martin del Potro will face off on Tuesday after scoring wins against French No. 30 Julien Benneteau and 23rd-ranked Croat Marin Cilic respectively . U.S. No. 1 Mardy Fish also advanced with a straight-sets defeat of South African No. 28 Kevin Anderson . Spanish 12 seed Nicolas Almagro awaits in the next round , having beaten compatriot Fernando Verdasco 6-3 6-4 . "  Almagro has been playing great this year , even on hard courts , " said Fish . "  He 'll be a tough player . "	Roger Federer loses to Andy Roddick , ending a 16-match winning streak The former world No. 1 's serve broken just once in a two-hour match with American Roddick Defending champion Novak Djokovic through after beating Viktor Troicki U.S. No. 1 Mardy Fish into the last 16 after win over South Africa 's Kevin Anderson
CNN  -- Tottenham Hotspur medical staff were putting Hugo Lloris ' life at risk by leaving him on the field after he suffered concussion at Everton , the former head doctor at Chelsea has told CNN . Dr Ralph Rogers , the first team doctor at the English Premier League side between 2009 and 2010 , believes Tottenham 's medical staff erred in their treatment of the Frenchman at Goodison Park . "  I do n't want to be critical of the doctor in question but this is a time to reflect because next time , we have to ensure we get it right , " said Rogers . Lloris suffered concussion after being accidentally hit in the head by the knee of Everton striker Romelu Lukaku late in the game , with play held up for nine minutes as he received treatment . To widespread surprise , Lloris -- who could not remember the incident after the match -- was allowed to continue after saying that he wanted to stay on the pitch . Both world governing body FIFA and the global players ' union FIFPro criticized the decision-making progress employed by the Tottenham staff , who say they followed procedure when assessing the state of the France captain . "  Once the relevant tests and assessments were carried out we were totally satisfied that he was fit to continue playing , " Spurs ' Head of Medical Services Wayne Diesel said on the club website . Local FA rules state that any player who leaves the pitch with a head injury should "  not be allowed to resume playing or training without the clearance of a qualified medical practitioner " even if such an injury is sustained in training . Tottenham 's medical staff have come under fire for their actions , which come 18 months after they were widely praised for saving the life of visiting Bolton Wanderers player Fabrice Muamba , whose heart stopped beating during a game at White Hart Lane . Nonetheless , Rogers is unhappy with the way in which Lloris was treated on the pitch , saying the goalkeeper was allowed to move too freely before a more comprehensive treatment had taken place . "  Lloris could have died , he could have been paralyzed , " said Rogers . "  If knocked out with a head injury , he should have been carried off the pitch -- but first and foremost , they should have checked his spine . " "  He needed to have a collar put around his neck , blocks applied to either side of his head , to have been strapped in and then a spinal board placed underneath him in order to determine any injury to his cervical spine . " After declining to specifically address Rogers ' assertions , Tottenham referred CNN to the earlier statement made by Diesel . On Monday , the Professional Footballers ' Association , the body that looks after the welfare of footballers in England and Wales , called for a change in the rules surrounding head injuries . "  If anyone suffers a severe trauma to the head and loses consciousness , then they should be required to leave the field of play automatically , " said PFA deputy chief executive John Bramhall . Chain of Command After the match , Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas said he had taken the final decision to send Lloris back onto the pitch following consultation with his medical staff . For Rogers , such an admission lies at the heart of a weakness he believes exists within the game . "  The problem is that no one knows who 's boss at present on such an issue , " he said . "  Traditionally , it has been the physiotherapist but does he know more than the team doctor ? If you go to hospital , it 's not the nurse but the doctor who ultimately looks after you . A physio has fewer qualifications . "  I strongly believe that the doctor should be the team leader above both the manager and referee . He has to be strong enough to make that crucial decision , because at the end of the day it 's not about the club , it 's about the doctor looking after the player . "  If I had been in the same situation , I would have ordered Lloris ' removal from the pitch , telling all concerned that if they did n't like my decisions , then they could fire me in the coming days . " FIFPro backed Rogers ' viewpoint on the chain of command in a statement which called the decision to keep Lloris on the pitch ` unacceptable ' . "  FIFPro condemns that the health and safety of players are let to coaches/trainers or even to players themselves , " said the body 's Medical Advisor Vincent Gouttebarge . "  Medical professionals should be aware of any relevant medical guidelines and apply them in order to empower the health and safety on the field . The health and safety of the players should be the number one priority and should prevail against any other matters . " The issue of concussion has become a major talking point in sports such as rugby and the NFL in recent times . Three months ago , the NFL reached a settlement worth $ 765 million with 4,500 former players who sued the organization over claims it hid the potential impact of concussion-related injuries . In rugby , Dr Barry O'Driscoll -- the uncle of Ireland star Brian -- quit his seat on the International Rugby Board 's medical committee in protest at a new method of dealing with head injuries . New guidelines stipulate that a player can return to the pitch five minutes after injury if a medical inspection entitled the Pitch-Side Concussion Assessment determines he has not been knocked out . Once upon a time , the rules stated that a player had to wait three weeks before returning to the fray . Lloris was given less than ten minutes in a clattering that so badly damaged Lukaku 's knee the Everton striker was forced off the field . Earlier this season , Lukaku was praised for finishing a game against West Ham despite suffering a concussion himself when scoring late on -- a difference in media coverage that Spurs fans may point to when considering the outcry over Lloris .	Former Chelsea team doctor critical of Tottenham 's handling of Lloris concussion Spurs issue statement defending actions during match at Everton 's Goodison Park British players ' union calls for change in the rules to how head injuries are treated
CNN  -- The Texas prosecutor shot to death in broad daylight outside a courthouse had feared for his life and carried a gun to work , according to a Dallas attorney describing herself as his friend . Colleen A. Dunbar told CNN that she spoke with Kaufman County Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse on January 24 , and he told her he began carrying a gun in and out of the county courthouse on a daily basis . Hasse was gunned down in the parking lot while going to work Thursday . Investigators on Friday were reviewing his caseload for possible clues about what led to his killing . Dunbar described Hasse , whom she had known for 31 years , as a lifelong gun owner and firearms lover . "  He told me he would use a different exit every day because he was fearful for his life , " she told CNN . She said that Hasse offered no specifics on why he felt threatened , but only that he did . Dunbar said she had shared her conversation with Hasse with law enforcement , and that she was "  shocked " by the killing . When told of Dunbar 's statements , Chief Deputy Rodney Evans of the Kaufman County Sheriff 's Department was unaware of the information . "  But , " Evans told CNN , "  we 've got 50 people here taking phone calls so somebody may know something I do n't . " There were no significant advances in the case , Kaufman Police Chief Chris Aulbaugh said Friday , but that does n't mean investigators were n't busy . "  We 've fielded numerous tips coming in from the public . We are following up on every one of them , " he said . Police say they believe one or two people committed the crime , but there are few descriptive details because they hid their faces . Police are looking for a gray or silver older model sedan in relation to the case , Aulbaugh said . Hasse was shot several times after "  a very small , very short confrontation , " police said . Investigators are looking into whether Hasse 's killing was retribution for any of the prosecutions he led . Hasse was one of 13 prosecuting attorneys in Kaufman County , each of whom handled between 380 and 390 cases . Authorities hope that an ever-growing reward for information will reveal more leads . Donors in the area have raised $ 64,500 to be used as reward money , and the police chief has asked for more donations . The Texas Rangers , the FBI and agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives have joined the manhunt . CNN 's David Fitzpatrick contributed to this report .	Slain Texas prosecutor began carrying a gun to work daily , friend says Mark Hasse used a different courthouse exit every day , the attorney tells CNN Prosecutor did n't explain why he was fearful , she says Sheriff 's chief deputy says he had n't heard of fears and the gun carrying
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- President Barack Obama stood by new controversial screening measures Saturday , calling methods such as pat-downs and body scans necessary to assure airline safety . Speaking at a NATO press conference in Lisbon , Portugal , the president called the balance between protecting travelers ' rights and their security a "  tough situation . " Per the new rules , travelers may be subject to full-body scans at 400 such machines in 69 airports nationwide . Those who voluntarily opt out -- as well as those who set off a scanning machine or a metal detector -- are subject to a pat-down . Some travelers have likened the pat-downs to groping . The president said such methods are needed after what happened December 25 , 2009 , when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab of Nigeria allegedly boarded a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit with a bomb hidden in his underwear . Abdulmutallab reportedly failed to set off the bomb , which metal detectors did n't detect , though his attempt led to airport screening procedures that have caused a holiday travel uproar . "  At this point , the Transportation Security Administration , in consultation with our counterterrorism experts , have indicated to me that the procedures that they 've been putting in place are the only ones right now that they consider to be effective against the kind of threat that we saw in the Christmas Day bombing , " said Obama . TSA officers can use "  professional discretion " to determine whether individuals should be subject to further screening , according to a statement from the federal agency . Critics have called the procedures invasive , with Rutherford Institute President John Whitehead saying the agency "  is forcing travelers to consent to a virtual strip search or allow an unknown officer to literally place his or her hands in your pants . " The president , while noting that he did n't have personal experience with the new security measures , said he understands "  people 's frustrations . He said he 's asked TSA for assurances that "  what we 're doing is the only way to assure the American people 's safety . " He said that he has also told the federal agency 's administrators that they must consider whether there are "  less intrusive " ways to obtain the same goals . "  One of the most frustrating aspects of this fight against terrorism is that it has created a whole security apparatus around us that causes huge inconvenience for all of us , " he said . Obama said that transportation security officials have a tough task , facing "  enormous pressure " to prevent a terrorist attack . In a public statement released Saturday , TSA Administrator John Pistole spelled out the new security measures and offered tips to those flying this Thanksgiving week . "  As you travel this holiday season , I want to remind you that TSA 's mission is to ensure the safety of you the traveling public and we are committed to doing so efficiently , courteously and professionally , " Pistole said . In Portugal , the president vowed he 'd try to find a way to make passengers feel more both comfortable and safe , whether it is through the current policies or with new ones . "  Every week I meet with my counterterrorism team and I 'm constantly asking them whether -- is what we 're doing absolutely necessary ? Have we thought it through ? Are there other ways of accomplishing it that meet the same objectives ? " he said .	NEW : TSA chief spells out security measures President Obama said new screening methods are best options available Obama says airline security agencies face "  enormous pressure " to prevent attacks Some have criticized the new methods , including pat-downs and body scans
CNN  -- A suicide attack in eastern Afghanistan killed 25 people Tuesday , the police chief in Nangarhar province said . Chief Abdullah Stanikzai said the attack happened during the funeral of a local elder in the Dor Baba district , near the border with Pakistan . Fifty people were injured in the incident , local officials reported . Among the wounded was the district chief of Dor Baba , Stanikzai said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the attack , in a statement from his office . While it is not yet clear who was behind the blast , it is the latest of many to strike Afghan civilians . A recent United Nations report found that while violence against the Afghan population fell in the first half of the year , it is still taking a "  devastating toll on civilians . " About 80 % of the attacks against civilians are by anti-government forces such as the Taliban , the report said . Nangarhar , which has Jalalabad as its capital and borders Pakistan 's restive Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , has seen several recent International Security Assistance Force operations targeting militants . Afghan and coalition security forces arrested an alleged Taliban bomb-making expert in Nangarhar 's Khugyani district earlier Tuesday , an ISAF statement said . The man "  is believed to be a leading figure in the movement and provision of explosives for attacks against coalition and Afghan security forces throughout eastern Nangarhar , " the statement said . Several other suspected insurgents were seized in the same operation , as well as firearms , military uniforms and explosives , it said . A separate operation last week in Nangarhar 's Hisarak district led to the arrest of an alleged Taliban insurgent accused of using his status as a member of the Afghan National Police to conduct an attack in May which killed two coalition service members in Helmand province , ISAF said . Prior to his capture , the man was attempting to join the Afghan National Army , ISAF said . U.S. forces take a leading role in ISAF operations in Nangarhar . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : 50 people were injured in the suicide attack , local officials say At least 25 were killed in the incident , the police chief says The district chief of Dor Baba was among those injured No claim of responsibility yet , but many such attacks come from the Taliban , a report says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- White supremacists , Islamic clerics , a controversial Kansas pastor and a U.S. talk show host are on a list of 22 people banned from Britain for "  stirring up hatred , " the British government said Tuesday . Jacqui Smith said she did not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views . Britain 's Home Office said it decided to exclude the 22 in the last several months . The decision follows measures introduced by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith last year against people "  who have engaged in spreading hate , " the Home Office said . The Home Office named only 16 of those on the list ; it said it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six . A spokeswoman declined to elaborate on why the Home Office would not publicly identify six of the 22 . One of the most recognized names on the list may be U.S. radio talk show host Michael Savage , who is listed under his real name , Michael Alan Wiener . The conservative 's daily show can be heard nationwide in the United States . Savage is on the list for "  seeking to provoke others to serious criminal acts and fostering hatred which might lead to inter-community violence . " Savage lashed out at Smith on his Web site , calling her a "  witch " and asking how she knew of his show when it is n't syndicated in England . He also questioned why six names on the list were n't released and why North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez did n't make the list . In an audio clip on his Web site , Savage said he had seven attorneys working on a defamation lawsuit against Smith and encouraged his listeners to call off any travel plans to England and boycott all British products . "  She has painted a target on my back , linking me with people who are in prison for killing people , " he said . "  How could they put Michael Savage in the same league as mass murderers when I have never avowed violence ? " Outspoken Kansas Rev. Fred Phelps and his daughter , Shirley Phelps-Roper , are also listed for "  engaging in unacceptable behavior and fostering hatred . " Phelps and his followers at Westboro Baptist Church oppose homosexuality . They picket the funerals of soldiers killed in Iraq , saying their deaths are God 's way of punishing the United States for supporting homosexuals . They have expressed similar views about the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and Hurricane Katrina . The church 's slogan is "  God Hates Fags . " Phelps did not issue a response on his Web site . However , he linked to a British news story on the ban and wrote his own headline , calling Smith a "  neo-Nazi dyke " and "  filthy God-hater . " Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Don Black , who has said he despises U.S. President Barack Obama , is also on the list . Black established the white supremacist Web site Stormfront , which the Home Office called one of the oldest and largest hate group sites . Eric Gliebe , chairman of the National Alliance , one of the largest neo-Nazi groups in the United States , is on the list for "  justifying terrorist violence , provoking others to commit serious crime and fostering racial hatred . " The Home Office cited Gliebe 's "  Web-radio broadcasts in which he vilifies certain ethnic groups and encourages the download and distribution of provocative racist leaflets and posters . " Several Islamic clerics are also on the list , including Abdullah Qadri Al Ahdal , Amir Siddique , Yunis Al Astal and Safwat Hijazi . Prolific speaker and writer Wadgy Abd El Hamied Mohamed Ghoneim is also listed . The list includes Mike Guzofsky , the leader of a militant Jewish group . He has ties to Kahane Chai , a group that the U.S. State Department lists as a foreign terrorist organization . Russian skinheads Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky are also on the list . The Home Office says they are "  leaders of a violent gang that beat migrants and posted films of their attacks on the Internet . " Samir al Quntar , a Lebanese man who spent three decades in prison for killing four Israeli soldiers and a 4-year-old girl in 1979 , is also on the list . In an exchange with the militant group Hezbollah , Israel freed al Quntar last year for the bodies of two Israeli soldiers . Al Quntar is "  engaging in unacceptable behavior by seeking to foment , justify or glorify terrorist violence " in order to provoke terrorist acts , the Home Office said . Nasr Javed and Abdul Ali Musa round out the 16 names made public . "  Coming to the UK is a privilege , and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life , " Smith said . "  Therefore , I do not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views , as I want them to know that they are not welcome here . "  The government opposes extremism in all its forms and I am determined to stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country , " she said . "  This is the driving force behind tighter rules on exclusions for unacceptable behavior . "	NEW : Talk show host calls home secretary "  witch " ; reverend calls her "  neo-Nazi " UK Home Office : 22 people banned from Britain for "  stirring up hatred " Home Office named only 16 of those on the list Ex-Ku Klux Klansman , Russian skinheads , radical Islamic clerics also on list
Waxahachie , Texas  CNN  -- Preliminary air quality tests show "  no threat to the public " from a massive fire at a Texas chemical plant Monday , city and federal officials said . Waxahachie Fire Chief David Hudgins said authorities believe that the fire "  overran the sprinkler system , " and it sent thick plumes of smoke high into the sky hours after it started . There were no flames visible by late afternoon , though by then the blaze might have discharged dangerous substances into the air , according to the federal Environmental Protection Agency . That prompted EPA staff to dispatch air monitors to test for toxic vapors . Around 4:45 p.m.  5:45 p.m. EST  , Waxahachie city spokeswoman Amy Hollywood said initial tests did not indicate any danger to those in the area . That assessment was later confirmed by EPA official Nicolas Brescia . "  We have not seen any significant level that would cause a public health concern , " Brescia told reporters . Brescia said that tests conducted from flights over and around the fire detected small amounts of two chemicals , but nothing that would be considered dangerous to anyone outside the immediate vicinity of the fire . A statement from his federal agency also indicated that "  ground-level portable sampling devices did not show elevated toxic chemicals . " Earlier , Dave Bary -- a Dallas-based spokesman for the EPA -- said the most prevalent chemical that the company had documented , and produced on site , was anhydrous ammonia . The EPA official said earlier Monday that 48,630 pounds of the chemical , which creates a toxic vapor downwind when released , have been reported at the site . It was not known how much of the chemical was released into the air during the fire . Officials ordered the evacuation of a school , an apartment building and other industrial sites within an eight-block radius of the plant , said Diana Buckley , an official with Ellis County government . A shelter-in-place advisory is in effect for some smaller nearby towns northwest of the city , including Red Oak , she said . "  Everybody is out and safe , " Donald Golden , environmental health and safety manager for Magnablend Inc. , the plant 's owner , said of employees and visitors to the plant . The plant stores and mixes numerous chemicals , said Amy Hollywood , a city spokeswoman . Images transmitted by CNN affiliates KTVT and WFAA showed orange flames devouring buildings and licking at tanker cars parked at the edge of the Magnablend plant , which is about 30 miles south of Dallas . Firefighters had pulled back and were using ladder trucks to spray water on the fire , Hollywood said . Multiple fire departments were on the scene . One of the them , the Midlothian Fire Department , reported that chemicals had been released in the fire , but no additional details were immediately available . Officials have said burning liquid continued to fuel the flames hours after it began , but they appeared able to wrestle the fire under control by early Monday evening . There was no immediate word on the cause on the fire , Golden said . No one was injured in the fire , Hudgins said . The nearby Wedgeworth Elementary School was evacuated , a school district official confirmed . Students were being taken to a school across town , school officials said . Navarro College 's Waxahachie campus also evacuated , a receptionist confirmed . Southwestern Assemblies of God University , which is on the other side of town from the chemical plant , was keeping people inside but had not evacuated , spokeswoman Christina Freeze said . Magnablend produces custom chemicals for a variety of industries , including oil , agriculture , pet and animal feed , water treatment , construction and industrial cleaning companies , according to its website . Anhydrous ammonia is a clear , colorless gas , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can be absorbed into the body by inhalation , ingestion , eye contact and skin contact . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : The EPA says ground-level air tests do n't "  show elevated toxic chemicals " A city official says that any released toxins appear to pose "  no threat to the public " The Waxahachie fire chief says the fire overran the plant 's sprinkler system A main chemical produced at the plant was anhydrous ammonia , an EPA official says
A German skydiver who was participating in a 222-person jump in Arizona was killed Thursday when her main parachute malfunctioned , officials said . Police in Eloy said Diana Paris , 46 , of Berlin , was killed Thursday morning . Paris was taking part in a world-record attempt for most skydivers changing from one formation to another in a one jump , according to a blog post by the jump 's organizing group , World Team . Her main parachute was released too low to the ground for the reserve chute to work , said the group , which calls itself "  a highly skilled international team of skydivers and support personnel " on its Facebook page . The group said the fatal accident was not related to the size of the group and no other skydiver was involved . Paris had more than 1,500 jumps , her husband told police . The World Team will do a 221-person attempt instead . "  Our dear friend can not and will not be replaced . The group will continue to hold the slot open in the skydiver 's honor , " a statement on the group 's blog said , adding that it was a difficult decision to continue with the record attempt .	Police identified the skydiver as Diana Paris of Berlin , Germany She was part of a group of 222 skydivers trying to do a jump that changed formation in air She had 1,500 jumps before Thursday Group says it will try again but will honor her by leaving her spot in formation open
CNN  -- Great Britain can legitimately claim to have invented ice hockey , and even won gold at the 1936 Winter Olympics -- but its modern-day heroes are struggling to uphold that heritage in the face of adversity . When some British solders first ventured on to the ice in Ontario , Canada in the mid-19th century to play a modified version of field hockey , they could never have dreamed a multibillion-dollar business would be the legacy . However , while the sport has flourished in North America and other European nations , in the UK it battles a chronic lack of funding and fights for snippets of media coverage in a country where football dominates the back pages . Team GB has not played in the Winter Games since 1948 , and suffered another heartbreaking failure last week in the final round of qualifying in Riga . Despite the setbacks , stalwart player David Clarke remains optimistic for the future of the sport . "  Great Britain is n't renowned for its ice hockey talent , but it 's growing and we 've made a great account for ourselves over the last four or five years , " Clarke told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  So , I think gradually we are getting more respect but with that comes expectation . " A squad coached by Scotsman Tony Hand , who briefly played alongside Wayne Gretzky in the NHL , lost to 11th-ranked hosts Latvia , France and Kazakhstan , ending their hopes of going to Sochi in 2014 . "  We gave a decent account of ourselves , but it would have been nice to have been able to get together as a team for more than just two days to properly prepare , " said Clarke . Andy French , general secretary of Ice Hockey UK , which now boasts over 10,000 registered players , is dismayed they receive no funding from the British sports authorities . "  Extra backing would create more revenue to enable all our teams from junior to senior level to have four international breaks per year to prepare for world championships , to bring on board a sports psychologist , team nutritionist , better preparation , " he told CNN . Clarke could have followed Hand over the Atlantic to try his hand in the toughest league of all , but decided to stay home after becoming a father at the age of 18 . He also had trials for his local professional football club Peterborough , but chose hockey . Star player If he has any regret at missing out on the possible riches in the NHL , or even the EPL , the 31-year-old does not show it . He has forged a reputation as one of the star players in the British domestic league , being the all-time top scorer , and has helped Nottingham to a Playoffs and Challenge Cup double the past two seasons . Matches are played in purpose-built arenas , with the capital cities of Wales , Northern Ireland and Scotland hosting the Cardiff Devils , Belfast Giants and Edinburgh Capitals before audiences of between 5,000 to 8,000 partisan fans . London had a team , for which Clarke briefly played , run by the Anschutz Entertainment Group -- one of the world 's largest sporting owners and investors . The London Knights were wound up in 2003 after only five years when the competition they played in folded and their home stadium was sold . The NHL hosted two fixtures between the Anaheim Ducks and the Los Angeles Kings at London 's 02 Arena in 2007 , but French bemoans the fact the English capital is not represented in the GB professional league . "  I think having the NHL play here is great for the fans and also does encourage people to find out where their nearest ice rink is either to go and watch a game or for the youngsters to start playing , " he said . "  But one big issue that we have is that we do not have a professional team playing in London . We used to have the London Knights but they finished a few years ago now . " But Clarke is encouraged by the rise of homegrown talent in a GB team which used to be packed with dual nationality players , often of Canadian and U.S. heritage . So can a GB team make it to a future Olympics and take a short step towards emulating the 1936 heroes ? "  Without a doubt , " he said . "  But if we do n't start now we are going to miss the opportunity . "  It 's a case of getting that talent to play to the best of their abilities . Slovenia , who we have beaten , came through the qualifying to make it to Sochi , and so can we at future Games . " Clarke shows no signs of hanging up his sticks , and playing for his country remains the ultimate goal . "  It 's a massive honor . Any sport you 're involved in , the pinnacle is to represent your country , " he said . That he has been able to survive at the top of the tree for that long is testament to Clarke 's commitment and a fitness program that begins at 7 a.m. each morning . He practices on the ice for about two hours , in the gym for an hour and a half followed by about 45 minutes of rehabilitation and stretching . "  We consume lots and lots of food , way over the recommended daily allowance , " he said . "  Especially for me because I struggle to keep my weight on . " Physical sport The world over , ice hockey is a tough and physical sport and Clarke has his tales of woe . "  Broken leg twice , a few knee ligament injuries , concussions . A few pucks , sticks in the head but we have good dentists and good doctors on hand . " He first picked up a stick at his local rink when only six years of age and , aside from the brief flirtation with football , was dead set on representing Britain at ice hockey . He progressed through the under 18 and 20 ranks , eventually taking his place in a GB lineup with players he had considered "  his idols " when watching as a youngster . "  When he first broke into the British squad at the turn of the century his talent was obvious , " said Ice Hockey UK 's media officer Chris Ellis . Clarke 's regular position is as an offensive forward "  expected to contribute goals and in assists " and his standout abilities earned him a one-year contract with Alleghe in Italy in 2007 . "  He is one of the few British players to play abroad at the top level , " said Ellis . But the lure of home proved too strong and he returned to Nottingham for another successful spell . The Elite League has a heavy schedule , ending in April when Clarke will again hurriedly form up with the GB team as they bid to erase memories of their Latvian disappointment . "  We 've got the world championship which is in Budapest this year and that will be our next focus ... we 'll give it our all , " he said . Britain plays in the second tier of competition -- the top pool dominated by the likes of the United States , Canada and Russia -- but will be bidding to improve its 21st ranking . It 's a far cry from the days when a GB team took bronze in the 1924 Games in Chamonix , and capped that with gold in Germany 12 years later . The sport 's powerhouses Canada and the United States took the silver and bronze , but with the NHL going to strength to strength in North America the foundation for their later domination was forged . The break-up of the Soviet Union also made it tougher for the likes of Britain to take a place at the top table , with countries such as Latvia and the Belarus forming strong national teams , with many of the players competing in the Russian league . Early roots After those early Olympic successes , the British influence at the highest levels faded fast , but it has been a popular spectator sport and in the late 1980s enjoyed a revival with top teams featured on national television . Sadly , momentum was lost , and the likes of Clarke have the satisfaction of taking part in a sport with strong regional identity , but without the sponsorship to attract widespread TV coverage . He is already looking to the future , and believes that in the junior group he coaches , there are players with potential to do "  very big things " in the future . Maybe one of his charges will find their way to the NHL , and if they show the dedication to the cause -- "  never leave anything behind on the ice " is his motto -- that Clarke has displayed over his long career , then his predictions could prove spot on .	Great Britain won Olympic gold medal in ice hockey in 1936 GB has not qualified for the Winter Games since 1948 Sport suffers from a lack of government backing and TV coverage David Clarke has been a stalwart of GB team for over 10 years
CNN  -- The number of journalists jailed around the world reached a record high in 2012 , with Turkey the worst offender , the Committee to Protect Journalists said in a report published Tuesday . At the start of this month , 232 reporters , photographers and editors were in prisons in 27 countries on charges of "  terrorism " and crimes against the state intended to "  silence critical voices , " the New-York based group said . The figure is the highest since the organization , which promotes press freedom , began record-keeping in 1990 through an annual census . Until now , the record was 185 , set in 1996 . Read more : Press freedoms watchdog slams Turkish government Turkey holds 49 journalists behind bars , according to the group , the largest total for an individual country . Dozens of Kurdish reporters and editors have been jailed on terrorism-related charges , it said , and several other journalists "  on charges of involvement in anti-government plots . " "  Broadly worded anti-terror and penal code statutes have allowed Turkish authorities to conflate the coverage of banned groups and the investigation of sensitive topics with outright terrorism or other anti-state activity , " the committee said . Iran came a close second , with 45 jailed journalists , according to the report . Tehran has "  sustained a crackdown that began after the disputed 2009 presidential election , " it said . Many of the 32 journalists behind bars in China , the third worst offender , are Tibetans or Uighurs who were imprisoned for covering ethnic unrest that flared up in 2008 , according to the committee . Others are being held for expressing dissident political views , it said In Eritrea , none of the 28 detained journalists have "  ever been publicly charged with a crime or brought before a court for trial , " the report said , dubbing the country "  the worst abuser of due process . " Amid the civil war raging in Syria , forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have seized at least 15 journalists , according to the committee . "  None of the detainees have been charged with a crime , and the authorities have been unwilling to account for the detainees ' whereabouts or well-being , " it said . On a more positive note , the committee noted that for the first time since 1996 , Myanmar is not on its list of countries jailing journalists . The Myanmar government of President Thein Sein , whose recent political reforms have been welcomed by the United States and Europe , has released at least 12 journalists over the past year , the report said .	A total of 232 reporters , photographers and editors are behind bars , a group says Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists , with 49 detained The next worst offenders are Iran , China , Eritrea and Syria Myanmar is not on the list of countries jailing journalists for the first time since 1996
PEOPLE.com  -- Giuliana Rancic said Monday that she has breast cancer , having discovered a tumor during a mammogram while undergoing another round of in-vitro fertilization in an effort to get pregnant . The E! News and Style Network host , 36 , made the emotional announcement on NBC 's "  Today " show . She will undergo surgery this week and then have six weeks of radiation therapy . The cancer has been detected early , and the prognosis is good , she said . Rancic was going to wait until 40 to have a mammogram , but her IVF doctor suggested she have one now . She says she will still push to have a baby , following one IVF attempt that ended in a miscarriage and a second that did n't work . "  I still want this baby ... because this baby has saved my life , " she said . "  I truly feel God was looking out after me ... If I had gotten pregnant later down the line , I could have been a lot sicker . " She also says her husband , Bill Rancic , has been "  unbelievable . The best thing about Bill is , he lets me cry when I want to cry . " Coincidentally , Rancic recently filmed some on-the-street interviews to bust breast-cancer myths for the non-profit Bright Pink as part of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month , which marks its 25th anniversary this year . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The cancer has been detected early and the prognosis is good , Rancic said "  I still want this baby ... because this baby has saved my life , " she said Rancic recently filmed interviews to bust breast-cancer myths
CNN  -- This week a Russian foundry minted a new coin to mark Russia 's "  reunification " with Ukraine 's Crimea region . Vladimir Putin 's portrait was on one side , and a map of Crimea on the other . Many , especially outside Russia , would dispute the use of the word "  reunification . " But few would dispute that the coin 's symbolism goes way beyond Russian patriotism over a small Black Sea peninsula . Many Russians , particularly those who remember life in the Soviet times , and under former President Boris Yeltsin , see the mark of Putin on all of their coins . When he took over the presidency in the final hours of the last millennium , Russia was licking some serious wounds from the crash of 1998 . In its World Economic Outlook in October 1999 , the IMF observed : "  Continuing economic and political uncertainties have led to further capital flight and a sharp decline in foreign investment . " Ring any bells ? Putin set about treating those wounds . He slashed income and corporate tax and cut red tape . Aided by rising oil prices , growth climbed sharply , averaging 7 % over the next eight years . Russians had money and the opportunity to make more . High-end shops started to appear in Moscow and St. Petersburg , and many people travelled overseas . Prosperity and stability were prized above all else . Even democracy . 14 years later , the latest World Economic Outlook from the IMF contained unnerving parallels to 1999 . Russian growth prospects were downgraded because of "  geopolitical risks " . The IMF noted that "  Investment had already been weak , reflecting in part policy uncertainty . " Standard and Poor 's echoed that on Friday as it cut Russia 's credit rating to one level above junk . To call this full circle would be far too optimistic . In 1999 Russia was already coming out of a decline when Putin took the reins . Now it may be on a slippery slope . While the economy is insulated by an estimated $ 477 billion in foreign currency reserves , sanctions could still hit hard , and there 's a bigger problem : perception . Andrei Konoplyanik , an advisor to Gazprom Export , says he is worried ratings downgrades and lowered forecasts "  immediately create additional nervousness in the investment community . " Russia may not need foreign approval , but it does need foreign money . In a 2008 speech laying out Russia 's goals up to 2020 , Putin said : "  I stress that we have no intention of trying to take anything away from anyone else . We are a self-sufficient country . And we have no intention of closing ourselves off from the outside world and living in isolation . " It turns out he does -- but is Putin prepared to sacrifice whatever economic stability Russia has left in the process ? READ MORE : Obama : World must unite to isolate Russia READ MORE : Five ways the Ukraine crisis could end	Russia mints coin to commemorate "  reunification " with Ukraine 's Crimea region Coin features Russian President Vladimir Putin on one side , and Crimea map on other Experts say Russia 's involvement in Ukraine 's ongoing crisis is hurting Russian economy Standard and Poor 's cut Russia 's credit rating to one level above junk on Friday
CNN  -- The Syrian government launched a major military operation Monday , sending thousands of troops into the town where the country 's uprising began to carry out what witnesses described as a brutal , wider-scale crackdown . The United States threatened sanctions against the country , calling for a halt to Syria 's "  deplorable " actions . At the United Nations , a draft statement condemning the violence was being circulated among security council members , a U.N. diplomat said . Between 4,000 and 5,000 members of the Army and security forces equipped with tanks raided the southern city of Daraa just after 4 a.m. and began shooting indiscriminately , in some cases shooting into homes as people slept , according to an activist with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Seven people were confirmed killed in the city , the activist said . Other witnesses described a trail of dead bodies in the streets . "  Ambulances could not help the injured because of the snipers and army officers who are deployed all over the city , " one witness in Daraa said . "  They shoot on anything that moves . " A military official -- the second commander in a brigade that entered Daraa -- defected over the violence , according to the activist with the human rights group and another opposition source . The commander was then arrested , the activist said . The Syrian government had a different account of events in Daraa . "  In response to the calls for help from the citizens of Daraa and their appeal to the Armed Forces as to intervene and put an end to the operations of killings , vandalism , and horrifying  actions  by extremist terrorist groups , some army units entered ... Daraa to restore tranquility , security and normal life , " state-run news agency SANA reported , citing an official army source . Several members of such groups were arrested and "  huge quantities of weapons and ammunitions " were confiscated , the government said , adding that confrontations "  caused the martyrdom " of some members of the army and security forces as well as deaths and injuries among "  some members of the extremist terrorist groups . " In the Damascus suburb of Douma , security forces were out on the streets and arrested numerous people , a witness said , comparing the city to a prison . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Jeffrey Feltman summoned Syrian Ambassador Imad Moustapha on Wednesday to express concern about the violence in Syria , State Department officials said . The United States is preparing new sanctions against members of Bashar al-Assad 's regime who are overseeing the violent crackdown , according to several senior U.S. officials with knowledge of the action . A new Treasury Department executive order targeting senior officials accused of human rights abuses would involve an asset freeze and travel ban , as well as prohibiting them from doing business in the United States . "  The Syrian people 's call for freedom of expression , association , peaceful assembly and the ability to freely choose their leaders must be heard , " Tommy Vietor , a spokesman for the U.S. National Security Council , said in a statement . A U.N. diplomat said a draft security council statement sponsored by France , Portgual , and the United Kingdom condemned the violence and called for restraint . It also supported Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's call for an independent investigation on the matter . The draft was to be formally introduced Monday , and a final statement could be agreed upon by Tuesday , the diplomat said . U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay issued a statement saying Syria has offered "  paper reforms followed by violent crackdowns on protesters . " Her office has received a list naming 76 people killed on Friday during evidently peaceful marches , but the number may be much higher , Pillay 's office said . The office is also looking into reports of 13 people killed in funeral processions Saturday . Anti-government protests that have taken hold in many parts of Syria began in Daraa last month following a violent crackdown by security forces on peaceful demonstrators protesting the arrests of youths who scribbled anti-government graffiti . Protesters have asked for freedom and regime reform , and public discontent with al-Assad 's government has mounted . Activists also want the easing of the ruling Baath Party 's power and a law that would permit the establishment of independent political parties . In recent days , witnesses in Syria had told CNN they want the security apparatus , which includes Syria 's secret intelligence operatives , dissolved , and would rather see the army take to the streets . They believed the army would be friendlier to protesters , as was the case in the Egyptian uprising earlier this year , but video from Syria on Monday showed what appeared to be members of the army carrying out al-Assad 's crackdown . The activist with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Syrian forces occupied two mosques and a graveyard , and snipers were located on rooftops . Another witness also described the onslaught of tanks invading Daraa . "  Before dawn prayers , around 4:30 a.m. , the Syrian security forces broke into Daraa , " the witness said . "  There were so many tanks that entered the city from its four corners . People were heading to mosques when the attack started . People in mosques started warning the people through loudspeakers , but the gunfire had already started . " Witnesses added that ambulances were not allowed into the city and that electricity and phone lines were down . None of the witnesses wanted their names used for fear of reprisals . CNN has not been allowed into Syria and is unable to verify independently the witness accounts . Douma was surrounded by security forces Monday , not by the military , a witness told CNN . They seemed to be in every alley in the city , preventing people 's movements and carrying out arrests , the witness said , adding that 15 of his friends were arrested . Following morning prayers , intense gunfire was heard in the city , the witness said , adding that he did not see casualties in his vicinity but did not know about other areas in Douma . Cautious calm followed later in the day , he said . Shops were closed , and people were frightened , the witness said , comparing it to "  living in a big prison cell . " "  As we woke up in the morning we started hearing that the Syrian security forces are arresting people randomly in  Douma  , " activist and human rights lawyer Razan Zaytouni said from Damascus . "  Many of these men are our colleagues and friends . I do not know the exact number yet because telephones are down . We are contacting our fellow activists through other ways other than telephones ... we are worried we can not know their destiny . " Monday afternoon , Jordan Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh confirmed to CNN that Syrian authorities have closed off the border with Jordan . Because Daraa lies on the border , sealing it makes it difficult for besieged residents to flee the military offensive . The Syrian government has accused protesters of shooting at security forces , while opposition activists and demonstrators accuse the government of killing demonstrators . The Syrian government and security forces have been largely silent over the past month and generally speak only through state media . There was no immediate word from the Syrian leadership about the reports from Daraa on Monday . SANA reported Monday that "  seven martyrs who were killed in Nawa near Daraa by armed criminal groups were laid to rest . " So were two "  martyrs " killed in Moathamia , in the Damascus countryside , the report said , citing "  an official source at the General Command of the Syrian Army and Armed Forces . " A military doctor "  said that the martyrs ' bodies had signs of mutilation that defies all humane principles , and that the firearm injuries were made to the head , torso , back and limbs of the victims , and that the bodies were mutilated with knives and sharp implements afterwards , " the report said . "  The towns of Soda and Shas in Tartous , Syrian coast , escorted three of its sons who were martyred at the hands of armed criminal groups in Jobar near Damascus at Souk al-Hal while marketing their crops , " the report said . "  The criminals intercepted them and shot them to death , then mutilated their bodies afterwards . " The report added that the "  martyrs ' relatives affirmed that the Syrian people are aware of the conspiracy targeting Syria and that they will confront it , expressing pride that their sons were martyred . " CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States summons the Syrian ambassador in Washington Syria says Daraa citizens wanted the army to stop "  terrorist groups " The United States is preparing new sanctions Syria reports "  martyrs " killed and mutilated by "  armed criminal groups "
CNN  -- Ryan Giggs ' career as a player-manager got off to a winning start as Manchester United defeated relegation-threatened Norwich City at Old Trafford . The United legend is temporarily at the helm of the Red Devils after David Moyes was sacked on Tuesday . Giggs chose not to select himself for his first game in charge and instead watched from the dugout as his side , which bore six changes from last week 's loss at Everton , cruised to a comfortable 4-0 victory . Wayne Rooney opened the scoring from the penalty spot after 40 minutes and then added a second two minutes after the break . Substitute Juan Mata knocked in a Phil Jones center after 62 minutes to make it three before stooping to claim his own quickfire brace after Lucas Antonia Valencia rifled across goal 10 minutes later . The win matched United 's biggest victory of the season and saw the them register more shots on target than in any other league game under Moyes . Speaking to Sky Sports after the game , Giggs revealed he had struggled to sleep the night before and dreaded telling the players who would miss out of his team selection . "  Leaving the likes of Juan Mata out of the starting 11 was difficult and a position I 've never been in before . I 'm also one of their team-mates . I told them all individually and some of them were upset , but they did n't sulk . "  It 's good to end the day as we did , scoring goals and creating chances , " he added . "  I reminded the players the tempo needed to be quicker at half-time and they reacted well to that . " While delighted with the result , which was United 's first win since early April , Giggs also said he was equally pleased with his team 's performance . United looked sharper , faster and more penetrative with their passing than they have in recent weeks , particularly after taking the lead . Norwich had coped well up until then although the breakthrough arrived after some calamitous defending by the visitors . Three Norwich players missed opportunities to clear a weak cross into the box before the ball fell to the feet of United striker , Danny Wellbeck , who was duly hauled down by Steven Whittaker as he was about to shoot . Referee Lee Probert pointed to the spot and Wayne Rooney stepped up to send Norwich keeper John Ruddy the wrong way . The second half began just as the first ended with Rooney pushing forward and curling a shot beyond Ruddy from 20-yards out . Giggs then brought on Juan Mata who had dropped to the bench after last week 's defeat at Everton and the Spanish international made it 3-0 just after the hour , knocking in a Phil Jones cross . Norwich were well beaten by this stage and a Mata header after Valencia fired across goal made it four shortly after . Rooney and Javier Hernandez came close in the final ten minutes for United while a deflected shot from Norwich 's Leroy Fer rebounded off the bar but the game would finish without any further scoring . Norwich remain a point above the relegation zone in 16th position with two games to play after Fulham blew a two goal lead at home to FA Cup finalists Hull City earlier in the day , spurning the chance to move above the Canaries . Fulham were two up with 15 minutes to play thanks to second-half strikes from Ashkan Dejagah and Fernando Amorebieta but late goals from Hull 's Shane Long and Nikica Jelavic snatched a draw . Elsewhere in England , West Brom took a step closer to Premier League survival with a 1-0 home victory over West Ham while Aston Villa 's poor run of form continued as they were defeated 4-1 at Swansea . In Saturday 's lunch time kick-off , Everton 's Champions League hopes took a blow as they slumped to defeat at Southampton . Own goals from Everton defenders Antolin Alcatraz and Seamus Coleman were enough to seal a 2-0 victory for the Saints . A victory for Tottenham at 10-man Stoke means they now trail fifth placed Everton by just three points . See also : Is Man Utd too big a club to manage ? See also : From the Chosen One to the Sacked One	Manchester United defeat Norwich City 4-0 in Ryan Giggs ' first game in charge Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata both scored two goals each Norwich are now a point above the relegation zone with two games to play
